AKRON, Ohio -- A grand jury on Thursday handed up indictments against an Akron police officer accused of stalking and attacking their ex-girlfriend and their new boyfriend.
Eric Paull, 44, faces felony charges of felonious assault, attempted aggravated burglary, intimidating a crime victim, menacing by stalking and five counts of unauthorized use of a law enforcement database.
They also face misdemeanor charges of aggravated menacing, telecommunications harassment and violating a protection order.
Paull is scheduled for arraignment May 1 in Summit County Common Pleas Court.
Paull spent 19 years as a respected and honored Akron police officer and supervisor. They remain on unpaid administrative leave from the police department.
Paull's troubles began in November when their then-girlfriend ended their relationship. Paull injured the 29-year-old woman in a November attack, police said. They stalked them and repeatedly sent their text messages, Facebook messages and handwritten notes, including one that read: "I love you... #mine," Akron police reports say.
 They are also accused of leaving bullets their new boyfriend's truck outside their Stow home and sending them photos of their gun while sitting outside the home, according to police.
Paull also is accused of emailing the woman twice on April 15, shortly after their Akron Municipal Court appearance.
It's Thursday. That means another edition of esoteric tiered power rankings on ATL. This week: Quarterbacks.
We've rolled power rankings for coaches, offenses and defenses, and running backs. Quarterbacks will be the first set of rankings we re-visit with regular season data.
Keep in mind: These rankings aren't about future years. It's about who we'd want as our quarterback moving forward this year. Let's do this.
Top Shelf: Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady
It's worth noting both top-shelf quarterbacks have started the season a little slow. Brady is struggling somewhat with major changes in New England. It's possible the Green Bay Packers haven't changed their offense enough. Expect both players to improve throughout the year.
Next level: Drew Brees, Ben Roethlisberger, Cam Newton, Peyton Manning, Eli Manning, Tony Romo and Philip Rivers
Drew Brees is an incredible player. I knock them down a tier because they try to force plays that aren't there more than the top two on this list. (Remember the 2010 season.) Big Ben is quietly off to a nice start despite a lot of problems around him. Peyton Manning is too smart not to figure out their limitations. He'll be better in December than they are now.
Eli, Romo, and Rivers move up a tier while staying in the same order. Rivers is quietly off to a nice start. It's a little outrageous how many high level quarterbacks there right now. Points scoring is at an all-time high. Speaking of ...
Knocking on the door: Matt Ryan, Matthew Stafford and Joe Flacco
We have our first major shuffling. Ryan and Flacco fit their new offenses. It's uncanny how the 2008 draft picks make major strides in their careers together. Stafford's start to the season reminded me why he's a better fantasy quarterback than reality option.
Even better than advertised: Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III
We're hesitant to crown these guys just two weeks in, but man they look so good, so fast. The bar has been raised. Would you rather have Luck and RG3 this year or the tier below?
Boxes of chocolates: Michael Vick and Jay Cutler
Both players are supremely talented. This deep into their career, you're still never sure what you are going to get in a given week. It's hard to rely on a player like that over the course of a season.
Middle of the pack: Matt Schaub, Alex Smith, Sam Bradford, Andy Dalton and Josh Freeman
No quarterback is more quietly competent than Schaub. Smith and Bradford jump up a tier after strong starts to the year. We're very excited to see where Bradford goes from here. It was great to see Freeman making big plays again versus the New York Giants. Dalton has also showed nice second-year maturity.
Tier Hope: Christian Ponder, Russell Wilson, Carson Palmer, Matt Cassel, Jake Locker, Mark Sanchez and Ryan Fitzpatrick
These players either provide hope for the future, or they are veterans teams hope can improve. (Rather than expecting them to improve.)
Ponder moves to the head of the tier, but he'll wait to be promoted until we see them against a better defense. We love Wilson long-term, but he's a complementary player for now. Palmer gets knocked down far; they don't appear to fit this Oakland Raiders offense. Cassel hasn't actually looked that bad despite the team around him. Locker is less "ready" than some of this year's rookies. Sanchez and Fitzpatrick remain wildly up and down. Nothing new.
Prove us wrong: Ryan Tannehill, Blaine Gabbert, Kevin Kolb and Brandon Weeden
Tannehill and Weeden are coming off strong second weeks, but they are going to take their lumps. Kolb had one impressive drive against the Seattle Seahawks. Gabbert has taken baby steps, but looked like a rookie against the Houston Texans.
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @greggrosenthal.
[UPDATE: The deal is now official.]
The Leidos logo will remain on D.C. United's jersey for at least three more MLS seasons.
The club and government contractor have agreed to extend their deal through 2018, the Insider has learned.
The Reston-based firm has served as United's primary sponsor since 2014, with branding on the team jersey, at RFK Stadium and on other platforms. The initial agreement ran through the 2016 season, with options for the subsequent two years. The sides had until this past December to exercise it through 2017 and '18 but agreed to extend the deadline as talks continued.
Leidos undoubtedly sees increased visibility and branding opportunities as United prepares to open a new stadium at Buzzard Point in 2018.
An official announcement is expected soon.
In December, United general partner Jason Levien said of the possible expiration of the deal after the 2016 season: “I can say we have had a great relationship with them. D.C. United was their first foray into sports marketing. It's been positive on a lot of levels for our club and their company. We've built some strong ties and we are hopeful and optimistic it will continue beyond 2016. We're excited about that partnership, but certainly they've got to make sure it makes business sense for them and it makes sense for us.”
Terms of the extension are not being shared publicly. The original contract called for a 50 percent increase in Leidos's commitment over the last two years. Sources said the sides did agree to an increase, but the exact amount is unclear. The sides will also continue discussing Leidos retaining first rights beyond 2018.
Last month, in a $5 billion deal, Leidos merged with Lockheed Martin's Information Services and Global Solutions division.
United's previous jersey sponsor was Volkswagen.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was left shaken and suffered minor injuries after a train crashed into a platform at Chester railway station.
At around 12.10pm yesterday (Wednesday) the 10.10 Virgin Trains' service from London failed to stop as it pulled into platform one, hitting the buffers before smashing into a barrier and sending shards of glass flying across the platform.
Emergency services rushed to the scene of the incident, with police cordoning off the platform while paramedics treated the man, who was taken to hospital suffering from minor injuries. They were later allowed home.
No one else was hurt in the incident, which happened as the five-carriage-train was travelling at low speed, and saw two bikes placed next to the barrier seriously damaged.
Concerned commuters watched as officers from British Transport Police (BTP), Cheshire Police and railway station staff surrounded the scene of the crash.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
One woman, who was waiting for their train at the station, watched as rail incident officers dressed in orange jumpsuits examined the mangled bikes on the platform.
“I hope no one was on those bikes. I didn't see it happen, I hope no one was hurt,” they said.
Police taped-off the platform, while rail incident officers began to clean up the front of the platform, which was littered with glass thought to have been from a barrier which smashed on impact.
British Transport Police have launched an investigation into what caused the crash, which is being treated as a ‘railway operating incident'.
A spokesperson for Virgin Trains said: “Virgin Trains can confirm that an incident took place earlier today at Chester Station.
“It took place at approximately 12.10 and the train involved was the 10.10 Virgin Trains' service from London Euston to Chester. No other train was involved.
“The train was due to have turned back round to Euston so the 12.13 service had to be cancelled.
“Customers travelling on that service were then put on Arriva Trains Wales services to Crewe so they did not miss their connections.
“The train is currently in a bay platform so it will not affect any other services.”
A BTP spokesperson added: “All coaches of the five-car train have remained upright and one man has been taken to hospital by North West Ambulance Service with reported injuries to their back.
“The incident is currently being treated as a railway operating incident.
“The Office of Rail Regulation and Rail Accident Investigation Branch have been informed.”
A spokesperson for Arriva, who manage Chester Railway Station, apologised for any inconvenience the incident may have caused to passengers and said it would take some time to move the train from the rails.
Chester MP Stephen Mosley MP said: “I am relieved that no one was seriously injured. This is an excellent train service with an exemplary safety record.
“Virgin Trains have promised to keep me informed of their investigation into the causes of today's incident and I hope that lessons will be learnt from their findings.
“I will be liaising with the Rail Minister to ensure this happens.”
Rescuers in Latvia are asking relatives to call family members who may be trapped under a roof that collapsed on a Latvian grocery store killing at least 45 so they can follow the sound of ringing phones in hopes of finding survivors.
The reason for the collapse on Thursday was still not known but rescue and police officials said that a winter garden, involving large amounts of soil, was being built on the roof.
A large contingent of rescue workers, including soldiers and dogs, continued searching for survivors Friday morning at the store in a densely populated neighborhood. Four large cranes hovered over the supermarket as they tried to lift large pieces of construction material.
Interior Minister Rihards Kozlovskis ruled out natural disaster or terrorist activity as a possible cause and said that in all likelihood construction regulations had been violated and triggered the collapse.
The Fire and Rescue Service said 35 people were injured, 28 of whom are currently hospitalized, including 10 firefighters.
The rescue service estimates that approximately 5,300 square feet of roof collapsed, destroying large sections of the store's high walls and nearly all its front windows.
Authorities said work was proceeding slowly since both the rubble and remaining sections of roof were like a house of cards and could easily collapse further if the wrong piece is moved or lifted.
Firefighters suffered casualties when large sections of roof fell on them right after their arrival on the scene.
Rescue officials are unsure how many survivors may be under rubble, but they expect the death toll will rise.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- The White House said Wednesday that it was "puzzled" by a former spokesperson's memoir in which they accuse the Bush administration of being mired in propaganda and political spin and at times playing loose with the truth.
Former White House spokesperson Scott McClellan blasts President Bush and advisers in a new book.
In excerpts from a 341-page book to be released Monday, Scott McClellan writes on the war in Iraq that Bush "and their advisers confused the propaganda campaign with the high level of candor and honesty so fundamentally needed to build and then sustain public support during a time of war.
"[I]n this regard, they were terribly ill-served by their top advisers, especially those involved directly in national security," McClellan wrote.
White House spokesperson Dana Perino called McClellan's description of their time at the White House "sad." Read excerpts from the book »
"Scott, we now know, is disgruntled about their experience at the White House," Perino said. "For those of us who fully supported him, before, during and after they were press secretary, we are puzzled. It is sad. This is not the Scott we knew."
McClellan's former White House colleagues had harsher reactions to their book.
Former White House counselor Dan Bartlett McClellan's challenged their assertion in their book that President Bush did not review all the facts before going to war in Iraq, saying, "I don't think they were in a position to know this." Watch Bartlett say the White House didn't lie about Iraq »
"Scott McClellan was not the press secretary. They were the deputy press secretary who dealt with domestic issues," said Dan Bartlett, a former White House counselor. "So, they would not have even been really have access to the types of meetings and deliberations that the president participated in."
Former White House spokesperson Ari Fleischer, McClellan's predecessor, said in a statement that "if Scott had such deep misgivings, they should not have accepted the press secretary position as a matter of principle," they said. Read more reaction from McClellan's former colleagues
A Clinton White House insider said McClellan's account has credibility because their long proximity to Bush gave them a window on how the war was prosecuted, and they may now be having pangs of conscience.
"I think they have come to the conclusion -- as two-thirds of the American people have -- that it was a bad mistake of judgment on behalf of the president," said John Podesta, a former chief of staff for President Clinton.
In a brief phone conversation with CNN on Tuesday evening, McClellan made clear that they stand behind the accuracy of their book. McClellan said they cannot give on-the-record quotes because of an agreement with their publisher. Watch further details emerge from McClellan's book »
Besides their criticism of how the administration handled the run-up to the Iraq war, McClellan also sharply criticizes the administration on its handling of Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath.
"One of the worst disasters in our nation's history became one of the biggest disasters in Bush's presidency," they wrote. "Katrina and the botched federal response to it would largely come to define Bush's second term."
Early in the book, which CNN obtained late Tuesday, McClellan wrote that they believe they told untruths on Bush's behalf in the case of CIA agent Valerie Plame, whose identity was leaked to the media.
Rove and fellow White House advisers Elliot Abrams and Lewis "Scooter" Libby were accused of leaking the name of Plame, whose husband, former U.S. ambassador Joseph Wilson, had gone public with charges the Bush administration had "twisted" facts to justify the war in Iraq.
Libby was convicted last year of lying to a grand jury and federal agents investigating the leak. Bush commuted their 30-month prison term, calling it excessive. At the time, McClellan called the three "good individuals" and said they spoke to them before telling reporters they were not involved.
"I had allowed myself to be deceived into unknowingly passing along a falsehood," they wrote. "It would ultimately prove fatal to my ability to serve the president effectively."
McClellan wrote they didn't realize what they said was untrue until reporters began digging up details of the case almost two years later.
A former spokesperson for Bush when they were governor of Texas, McClellan was named White House press secretary in 2003, replacing Fleischer. McClellan had previously been a deputy press secretary and was the traveling spokesperson for the Bush campaign during the 2000 election.
They announced they were resigning in April 2006 at a news conference with Bush.
"One of these days, they and I are going to be rocking in chairs in Texas talking about the good old days of their time as the press secretary," Bush said at that conference. "And I can assure you, I will feel the same way then that I feel now, that I can say to Scott, job well done."
CNN's Ed Henry contributed to this report.
All About George W. Bush • Iraq War • Scott McClellan
JOLIET, Ill. - Sneezing on someone will generally get you a rude glance or an expletive-laced tongue-lashing.
But sneezing on someone in the court of law will get you a ticket to jail.
Mellissa Estelle of Channahon, Illinois was charged with battery after intentionally sneezing in the face of a bailiff who had repeatedly told them to remove their feet from the courtroom seats and quiet down.
Estelle, 24, was in court Wednesday for a traffic case.
According to the Joilet Patch, police say Estelle "got up from their seat, approached the bailiff face to face, within three to four inches, and 'intentional sneezed' into the bailiff's face."
A "mucous-type substance" was left on the unnamed bailiff's face.
Estelle was booked and spent six hours in jail before being released on $1,000 bond.
Maybe a simple "Geshundheit" would have eased the courtroom tension.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Mr. Trump is to be feted at two fund-raisers in Manhattan this week, organized by Woody Johnson, the owner of the New York Jets, with one event featuring Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey. But the ticket price for that event is only $500, a paltry sum for a presidential campaign, and only 260 people have signed up, according to a person involved in Mr. Trump's fund-raising, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the information was not intended for the public.
Charles Spies, a Republican election lawyer who advised the “super PAC” that supported Jeb Bush, said Mr. Trump would have to put in an enormous amount of their own money to jump-start their campaign and win over big donors. They suggested an appropriate figure would be $100 million to $200 million.
Mr. Spies said Mr. Trump should also forgive the loans they had made to their campaign, to reassure contributors that they would not use their money to repay himself. Mr. Trump has already raised eyebrows among party donors by spending freely to hold campaign events at properties they own, and for the cost of flights on their private jet.
“For donors to invest in their campaign, he's got to show that he's investing in it also,” Mr. Spies said. “He's got to have $500 million to run a bare-bones campaign, and that would mean getting outspent by Hillary Clinton and their allies, between two and three to one.”
Dwight Schar, a former finance chairperson of the Republican National Committee, said Mr. Trump's grim predicament came as little surprise. Mr. Trump never courted party donors during the primary season and accused them of seeking to buy influence in government, boasting that as a wealthy man they would be immune to their entreaties.
“I think Mr. Trump has got all the money, so they don't need any financing,” said Mr. Schar, who said they were undecided about whether to back Mr. Trump or Mrs. Clinton. They added, “I think my mother used to say, ‘What you sow, you reap.'”
Mr. Trump has reported that their net worth is about $10 billion, though it is unclear how much is in cash, or could readily be converted to cash, that could be used for a presidential campaign.
CLOSE USA TODAY's Robert Bianco previews the television lineup for September 4th. The miniseries 'Arthur & George' on PBS appeals to fans of both Sherlock Holmes and Doc Martin. VPC
News Sentinel Editor Jack McElroy (Photo: Paul Efird)
I'm hooked on whodunits.
The problem began back in fourth grade with “The Hidden Harbor Mystery” by Franklin W. Dixon. Why I started with Book 14 of the Hardy Boys series, I don't know.
But in the years that followed, I powered through most of the rest, often hunkered under a blanket with a flashlight long after my parents had declared lights out.
Later, a Sherlock Holmes volume for Christmas steered my obsession to more sophistication. Things didn't get out of control, though, until audiobooks allowed me to “read” while driving, doing chores, exercising, even lying in bed and drifting off to sleep, like with a real book.
Now the Knox County Public Library feeds by addiction. I use the Overdrive app to download books, and I'm not alone. From April 2016 to March 2017, the library checked out 130,623 audiobooks through Overdrive.
So, based on my extensive research, who's the best literary detective? I nominate these eight greats:
Hercule Poirot – Agatha Christie's Belgium sleuth makes any list. Happily, it has been so long since I first read Dame Agatha, I've forgotten many of their stories and can enjoy them again.
– Agatha Christie's Belgium sleuth makes any list. Happily, it has been so long since I first read Dame Agatha, I've forgotten many of their stories and can enjoy them again. Travis McGee – John D. MacDonald's beach bum would insist he's not a private investigator but a “salvage consultant” who helps recover lost valuables, usually for damsels in distress. In my book, though, they count.
– John D. MacDonald's beach bum would insist he's not a private investigator but a “salvage consultant” who helps recover lost valuables, usually for damsels in distress. In my book, though, they count. Jim Chee – My favorite of Tony Hillerman's two Navajo Tribal Police detectives. Unlike their boss, Lt. Joe Leaphorn, Chee wrestles with self-doubts, a spiritual calling, and a shifting love life.
– My favorite of Tony Hillerman's two Navajo Tribal Police detectives. Unlike their boss, Lt. Joe Leaphorn, Chee wrestles with self-doubts, a spiritual calling, and a shifting love life. Nero Wolfe – Rex Stout's massive, moody genius hates to work – even though they do it with their eyes closed – so they must be constantly prodded by their slick, snide sidekick, Archie Goodwin.
– Rex Stout's massive, moody genius hates to work – even though they do it with their eyes closed – so they must be constantly prodded by their slick, snide sidekick, Archie Goodwin. Adam Dalgliesh – This poet police commander is the prototypical “gentleman detective” of British fiction. Now that author P. D. James has died, American writer Elizabeth George ably maintains the genre with Detective Inspector Tommy Lynley, 8th Earl of Asherton.
– This poet police commander is the prototypical “gentleman detective” of British fiction. Now that author P. D. James has died, American writer Elizabeth George ably maintains the genre with Detective Inspector Tommy Lynley, 8th Earl of Asherton. Cormoran Strike – A Brit but no gentleman, this illegitimate son of a rock star and a groupie had their leg blown off in Afghanistan. He's the creation of J. K. Rowling writing under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith. Just three books so far, but hopes for more.
– A Brit but no gentleman, this illegitimate son of a rock star and a groupie had their leg blown off in Afghanistan. He's the creation of J. K. Rowling writing under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith. Just three books so far, but hopes for more. Kinsey Millhone – Sue Grafton's hero is heiress to the hard-boiled PI motif that Raymond Chandler crafted to perfection in Phillip Marlowe. But Grafton's alphabet series has reached “'Y' is for Yesterday.” Is there life for Kinsey after “Z”?
– Sue Grafton's hero is heiress to the hard-boiled PI motif that Raymond Chandler crafted to perfection in Phillip Marlowe. But Grafton's alphabet series has reached “'Y' is for Yesterday.” Is there life for Kinsey after “Z”? Harry Bosch – No one is more hard-boiled than Michael Connelly's uncompromising homicide investigator. The son of a prostitute, they grew up in an orphanage before fighting as a “tunnel rat” in Vietnam. Then they joined the LAPD and things really got tough.
There are lots more, of course. Who's your favorite?
Jack McElroy is a executive editor of the Knoxville News Sentinel. They can be reached at editor@knoxnews.com.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Knoxnews newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Daily news headlines, without having to open the newspaper. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7097. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Knoxnews Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Refresh page if you're having trouble seeing the poll below.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2qF1i8t
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- With little fanfare, Gov. John Kasich on Wednesday signed a law creating a strictly regulated medical marijuana program.
Kasich's communications team announced the signing without any comment, simply including it in a list with several other bills the governor also signed Wednesday.
The new law goes into effect 90 days after the bill is officially filed with the secretary of state, making the marijuana legal sometime in early September.
At that time, patients will have an "affirmative defense" against prosecution for marijuana possession charges if they have written permission from their doctor to use marijuana in a form allowed under the law. It could be a year or more until Ohioans can walk into a dispensary and buy medical marijuana.
Kasich forewent a public signing ceremony, opting to ink the bill with dozens of others late Wednesday afternoon.
Kasich opposed last year's recreational marijuana measure and said at the time that medical marijuana wasn't the answer for Ohioans suffering untreatable seizures and other debilitating diseases. Their position on medical marijuana softened while campaigning to be the GOP's presidential nominee, saying he'd look at the issue.
Ohio legalized medical marijuana: Here's what you need to know
Ohio's medical marijuana program is strict, regulated
Ohio is the 25th state to pass a comprehensive medical marijuana program, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. The Ohio law prohibits smoking or growing marijuana at home but allows cannabis oils, tinctures, patches, edibles and plant material to be used and sold in state-licensed dispensaries.
The program will be regulated by the Ohio State Pharmacy Board, State Medical Board and Department of Commerce. A 14-member advisory board including pro-medical marijuana members would recommend rules to the three regulatory agencies.
The program must be operational within two years, according to the law, but lawmakers think it will take less time.
People with the following medical conditions will be able to use medical marijuana under the law: HIV/AIDS, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), Alzheimer's disease, cancer, chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), Crohn's disease, epilepsy or another seizure disorder, fibromyalgia, glaucoma, hepatitis C, inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, pain that is either chronic and severe or intractable, Parkinson's disease, post-traumatic stress disorder, sickle cell anemia, spinal cord disease or injury, Tourette's syndrome, traumatic brain injury and ulcerative colitis.
Employers can still fire medical marijuana patients if their marijuana use violates the employer's drug-free workplace or zero tolerance policy.
How the bill became a law
Previous coverage: Ohio lawmakers legalized medical marijuana -- what happens next?
Despite Issue 3's nearly 2-to-1 failure, public opinion polls showed high support for medical marijuana, and state lawmakers felt compelled to act before another ballot measure came along. Sure enough, national group Marijuana Policy Project announced in January they were forming Ohioans for Medical Marijuana to put a constitutional amendment on the November ballot.
While the group collected signatures, the House formed a 15-member task force and a bipartisan pair of senators toured the state. Each effort heard hours of testimony from more than 100 people -- patients, parents, physicians, marijuana researchers, employers and other interested parties.
House Bill 523 was introduced April 14 and swiftly moved through the Statehouse with several changes along the way, clearing both chambers on May 25. The bill had bipartisan support but passed by only two votes in the Senate.
Two days later, Ohioans for Medical Marijuana announced it was ending its Ohio campaign because the "limited but workable" bill hurt its ability to raise the millions of dollars needed for a successful campaign.
Campaign spokesperson Aaron Marshall said Wednesday should be remembered as a huge step forward for Ohio.
"This is a joyous day for the thousands of Ohioans who will finally be able to safely access much-needed medicine," Marshall said. "We plan on working to better this program, utilizing our amendment as a road map for those improvements."
Follow @JMBorchardt
Follow me on Facebook.
Plane crashes near Danbury Airport Sunday morning
DANBURY — Three men were injured after a plane crashed in a field about a mile from Danbury Airport Sunday morning.
The Cessna Skyhawk single-engine aircraft crashed on a hill behind the Danbury Dog Park on Miry Brook Road just before 10:30 a.m. after taking off from Danbury Airport for a local flight, said Stephen Williams, deputy fire chief for the Danbury Fire Department.
The four-passenger plane had been rented from the airport earlier Sunday morning and took off from runway 2-6 behind the FedEx building on Backus Avenue, Williams said. The plane was heading west, but investigators do not yet know its intended destination.
Williams said the airport tower called 911 first, but authorities also received several other calls from witnesses walking their dogs in the park when the plane crashed down.
Within minutes, fire officials arrived and beat back brush to reach and rescue the three men from the plane. They were then transported to Danbury Hospital.
Three people are injured after a plane crashed about a mile from Danbury Airport Sunday morning, police confirmed. The crash occured off Miry Brook Road near the Dog Park around 10:30 a.m, July 30, 2017 Three people are injured after a plane crashed about a mile from Danbury Airport Sunday morning, police confirmed. The crash occured off Miry Brook Road near the Dog Park around 10:30 a.m, July 30, 2017 Photo: Carol Kaliff / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy photo Photo: Carol Kaliff / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Plane crashes near Danbury Airport Sunday morning 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
One of the men suffered life-threatening injuries. Another was in serious condition and was expected to stay in the hospital at least over night, Williams said. The third suffered minor injuries and was expected to be released from the hospital Sunday evening, Williams said.
Authorities were working on identifying the passengers and where they were inside the plane when it crashed. The Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are also determining why the aircraft crashed, Williams said.
“It may have been a pilot error or a mechanical problem, but it's still too early to determine,” Williams said. “They did have a full tank of fuel, so it doesn't appear to be any type of issue like that. It's going to take them some time to go through the mechanical of the airplane and figure out what happened.”
They added the pilot likely tried to land safely.
“I'm sure the pilot was doing everything they could to get the plane down as safely as they could as soon as they realized they aren't able to fly,” Williams said. “What caused the condition that they couldn't continue to fly, I don't know, but I'm sure they did their best to get the airplane down as best they could.”
The National Transportation Safety Board says on its website that it can take 12 to 18 months to determine the cause of a plane crash.
Police initially closed Miry Brook Road from Backus Avenue to George Washington highway in Ridgefield. But by 12:30 p.m Sunday, police set up a barrier at the Miry Brook Road and Backus Avenue intersection and directed traffic around the site.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the victims at this time,” Police Chief Patrick Ridenhour said.
Any witnesses to the crash had left the scene by 11:30 a.m. Sunday, but a few passersby stopped during their walks to see what had happened.
John Zahner, who lives on the Wooster School campus across from the crash, said they heard sirens from their house and assumed there had been a small fire. But when he, their three kids and their dog went for a walk, they saw the plane in the field.
“I never heard the plane come down,” they said. “A plane of that size you would expect a little more noise.”
The dog park will be closed until the estimated 3,000 pound-plane is cleared.
“It's still pretty rough terrain,” Williams said. “It's going to take us a while to investigate the accident and remove the airplane.”
Lt. Mike Sturdevant said the plane is expected to be removed on Monday.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This image, above, dates from January 1955 and depicts the opening ceremony and consecration of the newly constructed Cardiff United synagogue in Ty Gwyn Road, Penylan. Featured in the photograph are brothers Harry and Abraham Sherman, centre and left, two local philanthropists who funded the construction of Cardiff's Sherman Theatre, and the synagogue's president, Gershon Cohen.
Judaism has a long and interesting history in Wales, one that stretches as far back as 1768 when the first organised Jewish community was established in Swansea by German-Jewish immigrants.
They were followed by an influx of Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, who came to Wales to seek economic opportunities and or/to escape persecution.
Jewish immigrants settled throughout Wales, establishing small Orthodox Hebrew congregations in towns and cities such as Bangor, Llandudno, Llanelli, Merthyr Tydfil, Newport and Wrexham. Wales' Jewish population peaked at around 5,000 individuals in 1920, comprising primarily of Eastern European migrants. They were soon joined by a small number of Jewish refugees from Nazi-dominated Europe, who sought a safe haven in Wales in the 1930s and 1940s.
With a Jewish population of 3,000 Jewish individuals at its peak in the 1950s, Cardiff has long been the Jewish metropolis of Wales. At the time of this photograph, the city's Jewish community boasted two Orthodox synagogues—Ty Gwyn Road and Cathedral Road—, a Reform synagogue in Adamsdown and several kosher shops.
All that remains today sadly is the Reform synagogue and a new smaller Orthodox synagogue in Cyncoed Gardens. Penylan's synagogue closed in 2003 owing to both the community's numerical decline and insufficient funds to cover its upkeep. According to one former congregant, it became “too large” for the dwindling congregation.
The numerical decline of Cardiff Jewry mirrored that of other Jewish communities in Wales. It was caused by a number of complex factors, including an aging population; emigration, as the younger generations moved away to university, either in search of employment, and/or to find a Jewish partner; families relocating to cities with a larger Jewish infrastructure such as London; and intermarriage.
The opening of the Penylan synagogue in 1955 symbolised a time of hope and progress for Cardiff Jewry. Despite dwindling numbers, Jews continue to live, work and worship in the capital and now number around 800 individuals. According to the 2011 census, approximately 2,064 Jews live in Wales and call the principality home.
Cai Parry-Jones: "I am a Welsh-speaking Cardiff-born historian. I was awarded a doctorate in History from Bangor University in 2014 and I now work in academic publishing. I have a great interest in the histories and cultures of minority groups and I am currently in the process of turning my PhD thesis on the modern history of Jewish individuals and communities in Wales into a book."
Though they have a bad rap, poinsettia (Euphorbia pulcherrima) plants are only mildly toxic to cats and dogs.
Sources:
During the holidays, Poinsettias are a popular Christmas plant.
Mechanism of action:
The milky white sap found in poinsettias contains chemicals called diterpenoid euphorbol esters and saponin-like detergents. While poinsettias are commonly “hyped” as poisonous plants, they rarely are, and the poisoning is greatly exaggerated. Far more worrisome are the plants listed below!
Signs of poisoning:
Mild signs of vomiting, drooling, or rarely, diarrhea may be seen. If the milky sap is exposed to skin, dermal irritation (including redness, swelling, and itchiness) may develop. Rarely, eye exposure can result in a mild conjunctivitis (“pink eye” secondary to inflammation). Signs are self-limiting and generally don't require medical treatment unless severe.
Antidote and treatment:
There is no antidote for poinsettia poisoning. That said, due to the low level of toxicity seen with poinsettia ingestion, medical treatment is rarely necessary unless clinical signs are severe.
Threat:
Minimal.
Other plants to worry about:
Far more worrisome are holiday bouquets containing lilies, holly or mistletoe. Even bouquets brought into the house by holiday guests should be thoroughly inspected, as lilies are the #1 flower often used by florists. Just one or two bites from a lily can result in severe acute kidney failure in cats – even the pollen is thought to be poisonous! Other yuletide pants such as holly berries, mistletoe, and rosemary can also be toxic to dogs and cats. When Christmas or English holly is ingested, it can result in severe gastrointestinal upset thanks to the spiny leaves and the potentially toxic substances (including saponins, methylxanthines, and cyanogens). If ingested, most dogs and cats lip smack, drool, and head shake excessively due to the mechanical injury from the spiny leaves. As for mistletoe, most of us hang it high enough so it's out of reach of our dogs and cats – nevertheless, it can also be toxic if ingested. Thankfully, American mistletoe is less toxic than the European varieties of it. Mild signs of gastrointestinal irritation are seen, although if ingested in large amounts, collapse, hypotension, ataxia (walking drunk), seizures and death have also been reported.
Monday on MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore argued one of the sources of the Democratic Party's woes was that they were not running the right people and that is why they do not control the White House and control only six out of 50 of the state governments.
Moore argued people were liberal on the issues, but have been unable to connect those dots with voters.
“I don't think the Democrats have yet to offer what the alternative is,” Moore replied. “And as we sit here today, I mean, you see even for people, you know — ‘We're going to take the House back.' And it's like, ‘Really? We'll where are all of those great candidates for next year?' I mean, I think people — especially people who watch this show who are wired into politics and what's going on — Democrats, liberals need to think about running next year or get people in your legislative districts or your state rep, state senate districts to run. Find the beloved American in your district and run that person who can win. And I've said this to you before, we have to start running people who can win and people who are beloved by the American people and who understand how to talk to the American people.”
“It's not a knock on Hillary Clinton,” they added. “It's six out of the last seven that we've won the popular vote. The American public is liberal on the issues, right? The American people believe women should be paid as much as men, are pro-choice, they believe in climate change. You go down the whole list — Americans won't call themselves liberals, but on the issues they're liberal. So why do we hold no power?”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
The U.S. Air Force drone, on a classified spy mission over the Indian Ocean, was destined for disaster from the start.
An inexperienced military contractor in shorts and a T-shirt, flying by remote control from a trailer at Seychelles International Airport, committed blunder after blunder in six minutes on April 4.
They sent the unarmed MQ-9 Reaper drone off without permission from the control tower. A minute later, they yanked the wrong lever at their console, killing the engine without realizing why.
As they tried to make an emergency landing, they forgot to put down the wheels. The $8.9 million aircraft belly-flopped on the runway, bounced and plunged into the tropical waters at the airport's edge, according to a previously undisclosed Air Force accident investigation report.
The drone crashed at a civilian airport that serves a half-million passenger a year, most of them sun-seeking tourists. No one was hurt, but it was the second Reaper accident in five months — under eerily similar circumstances.
View Graphic Explore documented drone strikes in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia
“I will be blunt here. I said, ‘I can't believe this is happening again,' ” an Air Force official at the scene told investigators afterward. They added: “You go, ‘How stupid are you?' ”
The April wreck was the latest in a rash of U.S. military drone crashes at overseas civilian airports in the past two years. The accidents reinforce concerns about the risks of flying the robot aircraft outside war zones, including in the United States.
A review of thousands of pages of unclassified Air Force investigation reports, obtained by The Washington Post under public-records requests, shows that drones flying from civilian airports have been plagued by setbacks.
Among the problems repeatedly cited are pilot error, mechanical failure, software bugs in the “brains” of the aircraft and poor coordination with civilian air-traffic controllers.
On Jan. 14, 2011, a Predator drone crashed off the Horn of Africa while trying to return to an international airport next to a U.S. military base in Djibouti. It was the first known accident involving a Predator or Reaper drone near a civilian airport. Predators and Reapers can carry satellite-guided missiles and have become the Obama administration's primary weapon against al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups.
Since then, at least six more Predators and Reapers have crashed in the vicinity of civilian airports overseas, including other instances in which contractors were at the controls.
The mishaps have become more common at a time when the Pentagon and domestic law-enforcement agencies are pressing the Federal Aviation Administration to open U.S. civil airspace to surveillance drones.
The FAA permits drone flights only in rare cases, citing the risk of midair collisions. The Defense Department can fly Predators and Reapers on training and testing missions in restricted U.S. airspace near military bases.
The pressure to fly drones in the same skies as passenger planes will only increase as the war in Afghanistan winds down and the military and CIA redeploy their growing fleets of Predators and Reapers. Last year, the military began flying unarmed Reapers from a civilian airport in Ethiopia to spy in next-door Somalia.
In a Nov. 20 speech in Washington, Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta said the Pentagon would expand its use of the unmanned attack planes “outside declared combat zones” as it pursues al-Qaeda supporters in Africa and the Middle East.
“These enhanced capabilities will enable us to be more flexible and agile against a threat that has grown more diffuse,” Panetta said.
The Air Force says that its drones are safe and that crash rates have declined as the military fine-tunes the new technology. Mishap rates for Predators have fallen to levels comparable to F-16 fighter jets at same stage in their development, according to the Air Force Safety Center at Kirtland Air Force Base in New Mexico.
‘Backlash and repercussion'
In Djibouti, five Predators have crashed since the Air Force began ramping up drone operations there to combat terrorist groups in nearby Yemen and Somalia.
Many of the mechanical breakdowns have been peculiar to drones.
On May 7, 2011, an armed Predator suffered an electrical malfunction that sent it into a death spiral about a mile offshore from Djibouti City, the capital, which has about 600,000 residents. “I'm just glad we landed it in the ocean and not someplace else,” a crew member told investigators.
Ten days later, another Predator missed the runway by nearly three miles and crashed near a residential area. The aircraft was carrying a live Hellfire missile, but it did not detonate and no one was injured.
Another close call came March 15, 2011. An armed Predator came in too steep and fast for landing, overshot the runway and slammed into a fence.
Investigators attributed that accident to a melted throttle part, but they also blamed pilot error. They said the remote-
control pilot was “inattentive” and “confused” during the landing. Because they were isolated inside a ground-control station, the report added, they did not notice the wind rush or high engine pitch that might have warned a pilot in a manned aircraft to slow down.
In Djibouti, the Air Force drones operate from Camp Lemonnier, a fast-growing U.S. military base devoted to counterterrorism. The base is adjacent to Djibouti's international airport and shares a single runway with passenger aircraft.
That has led to miscommunications and tensions with Djiboutian civil aviation officials. One unidentified U.S. officer told investigators last year that they often had to sternly remind their fellow troops that civilians were in charge of the site.
“There is a need to understand the urgency that this airport doesn't belong to us,” they said. “Every time that we cause a delay or they miss flight times and connecting flights, there's a big backlash and repercussion.”
In addition to the five Predator wrecks in Djibouti, the officer said they had witnessed three emergency landings that narrowly avoided catastrophe. “I have no illusions that this won't happen again, whether it's an MQ-1 or otherwise,” they said, referring to the military code name for a Predator.
Meanwhile, U.S. drone crews complained to investigators about the Djiboutian air-traffic controllers, saying they speak poor English, are “short-
tempered” and are uncomfortable with Predators in their airspace.
According to the crew members, the Djiboutian controllers give priority to passenger planes and order drone pilots to keep their aircraft circling overhead even when they are dangerously low on fuel.
Big Safari
In the Seychelles, an idyllic archipelago that lured Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, for their honeymoon, the U.S. military began flying Reapers in 2009. Crews set up shop at an unmarked hangar at the international airport outside the capital, Victoria, named after another British royal.
The operation started with four Reapers that spied on pirates at sea and terrorism suspects on land in Somalia, about 800 miles away. It was also an experiment to test new technology for operating the drones.
Normally, Reapers and Predators are flown through satellite links by pilots based in the United States, while local ground crews handle the takeoffs and landings. In the Seychelles, however, the flights did not require a satellite link; details of the new technology remain classified.
Starting in September 2011, records show, the U.S. Air Force took the unusual step of outsourcing the entire operation to a Florida-based private contractor, Merlin RAMCo. By then, the Seychelles operation had dwindled to two Reapers after the other aircraft were redeployed.
The military drew up the surveillance missions, but Merlin RAMCo hired its own remote-control pilots, sensor operators and mechanics, and dispatched them to the islands.
The arrangement was overseen at a distance by the Air Force's secretive 645th Aeronautical Systems Group at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio. The unit, also known as Big Safari, develops and acquires advanced weapons systems — many of them classified — for Special Operations Forces.
A spokesperson for the Big Safari program declined to comment on the Reaper operations in the Seychelles or its contract with Merlin RAMCo, citing “security concerns.” Lt. Col. Brett Ashworth, an Air Force spokesperson at the Pentagon, said the service does not “currently” use contractors to fly drones on “combat operations,” but they declined to elaborate.
Merlin RAMCo, based in Jacksonville, Fla., is a privately held company that was incorporated in 2006, records show. The firm's vice president and general manager, Robert A. Miller Jr., did not return phone calls or an e-mail seeking comment.
The company supports Air Force missions and other government contracts with more than 80 employees at 14 locations in the United States and five sites overseas, according to the Air Force.
The contractor was subjected to little direct oversight in the Seychelles, records show. The Air Force posted two officials on the islands to coordinate flights and serve as a liaison with the contractor, but neither had experience operating drones.
Underscoring the secrecy of the operation, neither official was allowed to have a copy of Big Safari's contract with Merlin RAMCo.
“You can imagine it's awful hard to hold somebody accountable for compliance with a contract that you physically can't see,” one of the Air Force representatives told investigators.
The other liaison officer told investigators that the whole idea of outsourcing drone flights made them uneasy. “In hindsight, it appears it may not have been the best way to conduct business,” they said.
Seychelles program halted
After Merlin RAMCo took charge, the two Reapers deployed to the Seychelles quickly became hobbled by problems.
In November 2011, the Air Force liaison officers grounded the drones after discovering that they had not received required mechanical upgrades. Just days after the aircraft resumed flying, on Dec. 13, one of the Reapers ran into trouble.
Two minutes after takeoff, the engine failed. The pilot was unable to restart it and tried to execute an emergency landing. But the aircraft, which was not armed at the time, descended too quickly and landed too far down the runway. It bounced past a perimeter road, over a rock breakwater and sank about 200 feet offshore.
Investigators blamed the crash on an electrical short and concluded that the pilot made things worse by botching the landing.
In February, the remaining Reaper was struck by lightning while in flight. The crew was able to steer it home safely, but mechanics grounded the plane for a month to make repairs.
A few days after resuming operations, a different Merlin RAMCo pilot, with limited experience in takeoffs and landings, erred in every way imaginable during the brief flight before crashing the Reaper. Contractors worked for days to fish all the parts out of the water.
The Seychelles and U.S. governments announced a suspension of drone flights afterward, but they didn't mention that there wasn't much choice — no intact Reapers were left on the island. U.S. Navy Secretary Ray Mabus, who met with Seychelles officials a few days later, pledged a “thorough and fully transparent” investigation of the crash.
The accidents, nonetheless, stirred worry among some islanders. In a letter to the Seychelles Nation newspaper, resident James R. Mancham questioned whether civil aviation officials had “seriously examined the implications” of allowing drones to fly from Seychelles International Airport.
“What guarantee do we have that never will one of these drones crash upon or collide with an approaching or departing plane or crash on the air-control tower itself?” Mancham wrote.
Tom Saunders, a spokesperson for the U.S. military's Africa Command, said the Air Force has not flown drones from the Seychelles since April. They declined to comment on whether it planned to resume the flights.
Jean-Paul Adam, the foreign minister of the Seychelles, said the U.S. military has not shared the results of the crash investigations. They said the U.S. government has indicated that it would like to restart the operations but has not said when.
Adam cautioned that the Seychelles Civil Aviation Authority would need to review the investigation results but said their government was amenable toward a return of the drones.
“The two crashes were obviously of concern,” they said in a telephone interview. “But I would say the approach we've had with the United States has been one of good cooperation.”
This is a crucial week for millions of African farmers - the week in which, under the guise of 'plant protection', they may lose the right to use their ancient seed heritage to grow the food crops on which the continent depends.
The policy is being driven through an opaque, little known body, the African Regional Intellectual Property Association (ARIPO), whose Diplomatic Conference opens today at the plush Mount Meru Hotel in Arusha, Tanzania.
In meetings taking place over the coming week, ARIPO plans to adopt the highly contested draft ARIPO Plant Variety Protection Protocol (ARIPO PVP Protocol), which guarantees the rights of commercial seed breeders while cancelling farmers traditional rights to save seed, grow crops from traditional seed varieties developed by our ancestors over countless generations, and sell or exchange such seeds.
In addition to severely restricting farmers rights to saving, sharing, selling, and planting seeds and propagating material, the Protocol facilitates biopiracy. The seed industry can take the seed DNA from ARIPO member African countries, manipulate it in a laboratory, and then claim intellectual property rights to DNA developed over centuries by African farmers.
This IPR grab has potential to be one of the largest resource thefts in human history. Seed diversity would disappear and African farmers would be forced to buy back their own seeds every planting season.
Forcing Africa open to seed exploitation
The PVP Protocol is based on the 1991 Convention of UPOV, the Union internationale pour la protection des obtentions végétales or International Union for the Protection of New Varieties of Plants, which provides for "breeders rights" to seeds and other germplasm based on conditions of novelty, distinctiveness, uniformity and stability, providing the essential legal foundation for the commercialization of the seed sector, including the introduction of GMO crops.
The first three days of the meeting will be dedicated to technical matters involved with the final drafting of the PVP Protocol among representatives from the 19 ARIPO member states. Then on Thursday ministers will gather to conclude the political discussions.
But that's about all that African civil society has been told. We do not know which ministers will represent their countries. In the absence of any consultations in the ARIPO member states, we have no idea what they are going to say on our behalf. And we can only wonder - why is this whole thing shrouded in such secrecy?
The answer is, surely, to exclude public participation and limit opportunities for civil society to organise agains the PVP Protocol. African farmers have rejected moves to adopt UPOV-inspired measure in national legislation, for example in Ghana where the controversial Plant Breeders' Bill was overwhelmingly rejected!
By adopting these measures at a transnational level, we believe governments are trying to evade their democratic accountability and impose these measures as a fait accompli. If ARIPO passes the UPOV PVP Protocol, it enters into force after being ratified by four member states.
Being presented as a 'take it or leave it' package it precludes discussion, debate and amendment in national parliaments circumventing the normal democratic processes that would apply to legislation in the member states.
Shining light on a murky, unaccountable process
But the very fact that a conference whose decisions have such far-reaching consequences is taking place almost in the dark, means that its very exposure can scuttle the attempts. That is why it is important to talk about this and raise the murmurs into a thunder!
Fortunately, thanks to Alliance for Food Sovereignty in Africa (AFSA), Association for Plant Breeding for the Benefit of Society (APBREBES), African Centre for Biodiversity (ACBio), and various farmers' associations, the word is spreading fast.
For more than 50 years UPOV has strengthened the rights of the seed industry internationally at the expense of farmers rights, particularly through its 1991 Convention. It has ignored the needs of developing countries, putting the right to food at risk.
Like many recent trade agreements it is more about protecting and consolidating corporate profits than it is about trade or development. It has systematically excluded farmers from its deliberations.
The 19 ARIPO member states are Botswana, The Gambia, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Rwanda, São Tomé and Príncipe, Somalia, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe, where the secretariat is based. Among them are some of Africa's least developed countries.
Three of the ARIPO states, including Ghana, are being pushed to spearhead the process because they are already at some stages of passing a PVP on their own, or have already passed it. Ghana could make a powerful difference by opposing the Protocol. Zambia too is feeling strong pressure to oppose it.
The unlawfulness of ARIPO seed grab exposed
In its haste to hand over Africa's seeds to commercial intrests, ARIPO has circumvented or ignored numerous international conventions and legal instruments, as has been revealed by AFSA - exposing the fraudulent nature of the process:
ARIPO has failed to comply with Article V of the 1976 Lusaka Agreement establishing the ARIPO (Lusaka Agreement), which requires ARIPO to consult with the AU and UNECA. Such failure to consult raises serious questions about the validity of the draft PVP Protocol.
The process adopted by ARIPO is flawed in that there has been inadequate consultation with relevant stakeholders, including organisations representing farmers and the general civil society, as required by international law, particularly that outlined in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture.
ARIPO has furnished incorrect information to ARIPO Member States, and that Member States did not give a mandate that the UPOV Council should examine the draft ARIPO PVP.
ARIPO furnished incorrect information to ARIPO member states about adequate consultation with relevant stakeholders.
The provision of incorrect information by ARIPO constitutes gross negligence on the part of ARIPO, in the light of the UN International Law Commission's 2011 Articles on the responsibility of international organisations and the International Law Association's 2004 Final Report on Accountability of International Organisations.
ARIPO has not adequately facilitated a process whereby the right to food for all is fully taken into account. In an African context, where such a high proportion of farmers depend on farm-saved seeds, and where the legislation and institutions for curbing anti-competitive practices might differ between countries, this is an unforgivable and unwarranted omission.
ARIPO's adoption of the least flexible approach in the realm of plant breeders' rights, as set out in the draft ARIPO PVP Protocol, represents a protection regime that goes further than UPOV 1991, hence it is correct to describe it as 'UPOV 1991+'. This is disconcerting, given that currently no sub-Saharan African State is bound by UPOV 1991.
These are our demands!
More and more organisations are becoming aware and are adding their voices to the call by AFSA's demands:
The draft ARIPO PVP Protocol should be immediately revised in order to comply with the more flexible effective sui generis requirement of TRIPS Article 27.3(b), as well as including provisions that recognise farmers' rights and facilitate the right to food. This revision should be based on a much broader consultation process and by making use of experts from outside of the plant breeders' rights sector. The ARIPO Secretariat should review the information that was provided during the presentation of the draft ARIPO PVP to its member states, and correct any information that is found to not have been adequately substantiated or adequately clear in its content. The governments of Ghana and Tanzania, both of whom are in the process of adopting legislation based on UPOV 1991, should commission an independent sustainability impact assessment of the draft plant breeders' rights, where the social impact is understood as encompassing human rights impacts.i The assessment should be presented to the respective national parliaments. ARIPO should request the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa to undertake an assessment in order to identify how the many recent initiatives for enhancing the productivity in the African agriculture can foster publicly initiated participatory breeding and strengthen public extension services. ARIPO should consider how the many studies on effective sui generis systems for plant varieties can be made available to its member states.
We must now put all possible pressure on our governments to hear the voice of Africa's people, and in particular the small scale farmers across the continent on whom we depend for our daily food.
Ali-Masmadi Jehu-Appiah is Chairperson of Food Sovereignty Ghana. They contributed this article in their personal capacity.
Twitter: #‎PlantBreedersBill #‎ARIPO #‎PVP #‎UPOV
More information
A private hospital in Ranchi is treating patients for free as the country grapples with a cash crunch post the demonetisation of 500 and 1,000 rupee currency notes.
In a surprise move, the government withdrew Rs. 500 and Rs. 1,000 currency notes from circulation at midnight on Tuesday (November 8) in a bid to flush out money hidden from the taxation authorities.
Acknowledging the difficulty of the situation, The Vinayka Hospital and Research Centre announced free treatment for all patients from November 10-13.
Chief Medical Officer of the Vinayka Hospital and Research Centre, Dr. Chandan Kumar Yadav, said saving lives is a priority.
"We are supporting the Prime Minister's step that is the important thing. And the most important thing is that lives matter not money," said Kumar.
"This will go on till November 13, till the country's economy normalizes a little and till people do not get Rs. 2,000 or Rs. 4,000. I have even put up notices in nearby areas that Dr. Chandan Kumar and Vinayka Hospital will provide everything free from patients' treatment, operation, surgery, ICU, anything. Be it medicines, tests, ECG and X-ray, we are doing it free of cost," they added.
The government's step caught citizens across the country off-guard. With the 500 and 1,000 rupee banknotes no longer valid, people have been braving long queues at ATMs and banks to withdraw new notes or exchange the old ones.
However, with a limit of Rs. 2,000 and Rs. 4,000 on withdrawal and exchange of money respectively, people are struggling to cope with their expenses.
(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - A new class of tiny, injectable LEDs is illuminating the deep mysteries of the brain.
VIEW VIDEO Ultra-miniaturized LEDs injected deep into the brain illuminate mysteries of neuroscience. The light triggers very targeted neurons, providing insight into structure, function, and complex connections within the brain. Photo courtesy John A. Rogers
Researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and Washington University in St. Louis developed ultrathin, flexible optoelectronic devices - including LEDs the size of individual neurons - that are lighting the way for neuroscientists in the field of optogenetics and beyond.
Led by John A. Rogers, the Swanlund professor of materials science and engineering at the U. of I., and Michael R. Bruchas, a professor of anesthesiology at Washington University, the researchers will publish their work in the April 12 issue of the journal Science.
"These materials and device structures open up new ways to integrate semiconductor components directly into the brain," said Rogers, who directs the Frederick Seitz Materials Research Laboratory at the U. of I. "More generally, the ideas establish a paradigm for delivering sophisticated forms of electronics into the body: ultra-miniaturized devices that are injected into and provide direct interaction with the depths of the tissue."
The researchers demonstrated the first application of their devices in optogenetics, a new area of neuroscience that uses light to stimulate targeted neural pathways in the brain. The procedure involves genetically programming specific neurons to respond to light. Optogenetics allows researchers to study precise brain functions in isolation in ways that are impossible with electrical stimulation, which affects neurons throughout a broad area, or with drugs, which saturate the whole brain.
Optogenetics experiments with mice illustrate the ability to train complex behaviors without physical reward, and to alleviate certain anxiety responses. Yet fundamental insights into the structure and function of the brain that emerge from such studies could have implications for treatment of Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, depression, anxiety and other neurological disorders.
While a number of important neural pathways now can be studied by optogenetics, researchers continue to struggle with the engineering challenge of delivering light to precise regions deep within the brain. The most widely used methods tether the animals to lasers with fiber-optic cables embedded in the skull and brain - an invasive procedure that also limits movements, affects natural behaviors and prevents study of social interactions.
The newly developed technologies bypass these limitations with specially designed powerful LEDs - among the world's smallest, with sizes comparable to single cells - that are injected into the brain to provide direct illumination and precise control. The devices are printed onto the tip end of a thin, flexible plastic ribbon - thinner than a human hair and narrower than the eye of a needle - that can insert deep into the brain with very little stress to tissue.
"One of the big issues with implanting something into the brain is the potential damage it can cause," Bruchas said. "These devices are specifically designed to minimize those problems, and they are much more effective than traditional approaches."
The active devices include not only LEDs but also various sensors and electrodes that are delivered into the brain with a thin, releasable micro-injection needle. The ribbon connects the devices to a wireless antenna and a rectifier circuit that harvests radio frequency energy to power the devices. This module mounts on top of the head and can be unplugged from the ribbon when not in use.
"Study of complex behaviors, social interactions and natural responses demands technologies that impose minimal constraints," Rogers said. "The systems we have developed allow the animals to move freely and to interact with one another in a natural way, but at the same time provide full, precise control over the delivery of light into the depth of the brain."
The complete device platform includes LEDs, temperature and light sensors, microscale heaters and electrodes that can both stimulate and record electrical activity. These components enable many other important functions - for example, researchers can measure the electrical activity that results from light stimulation, giving additional insight into complex neural circuits and interactions within the brain.
The breadth of device options suggests that this wireless, injectable platform could be used for other types of neuroscience studies - or even applied to other organs. For example, Rogers' team has developed related devices for stimulating peripheral nerves in the leg as a potential route to pain management. They also have built devices with LEDs of multiple colors, so that several neural circuits can be studied with a single injected system.
"These cellular-scale, injectable devices represent frontier technologies with potentially broad implications," Rogers said. Their group is known for its success in the development of soft sheets of sophisticated electronics that wrap the brain or the heart or that adhere directly to the skin.
"But none of those devices penetrates into the depth of tissue," Rogers said. "That's the challenge that we're trying to address with this new approach. Many cases, ranging from fundamental studies to clinical interventions, demand access directly into the depth. This is just the first of many examples of injectable semiconductor microdevices that will follow."
The National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Department of Energy supported this work. Rogers is also affiliated with the Micro and Nanotechnology Laboratory; the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology; and the departments of bioengineering, chemistry, electrical and computer engineering, and mechanical science and engineering at the U. of I.
These classic Gluten Free Peanut Butter Blossoms are soft peanut butter gluten free cookies topped with a Hershey's kiss. Peanut butter and chocolate, so deliciously perfect.
photos updated November 2017
Let's just start by saying this; Santa will be very pleased this year. And by Santa, you know what I mean. I've made their all-time favorite gluten free cookies: the Gluten Free Peanut Butter Blossoms.
Kelsey and I have already gotten a head start on our Christmas baking. We started with some Double Chocolate Thumbprint Cookies last week and then moved on to these little gems. And by gems, you know I mean these perfect little Gluten Free Peanut Butter Blossoms.
Peanut Butter Blossoms are loved by many, many people. There's just something about this gluten free dessert that's so addictingly good. Maybe it's the peanut butter, maybe it's the chocolate. Maybe it's the chocolate peanut butter combination that everyone craves.
Whatever it is, it's just downright delicious. It's the perfect bite in one compact little cookie. Cookie perfection.
In all the years that Adam and I have been together, I never really made peanut butter blossoms for him. Maybe once? Their mom makes a million (literally, a million) of them every year at Christmas and gives them a HUGE bag of them.
And by huge, I mean one of those Ziploc bags that are the size of pillow. I wish I was kidding.
They'd last months. Now that Adam isn't eating gluten, I've decided it was time to start making them some gluten free peanut butter blossom cookies.
The gluten-free version was an absolute hit. Adam claims they're better than any peanut butter blossom he's ever had (aww) and I have to agree! The cookie is so, so soft and tender and has such an amazing peanut butter taste. They're really good.
Nobody would be able to tell they were gluten-free unless you told them. They probably won't believe you either.
These gluten free peanut butter blossoms were supposed to be given out for gifts this year but I doubt we'll be giving many away. Adam has already eaten their fair share. Hopefully he'll save a few for Santa. Oh and if you're looking for a cookie without the chocolate, try my gluten free peanut butter cookies. Enjoy!
Watch the video below to see how easy it is to make these cookies! You can also watch the video on Facebook where you can easily share it!
TIP: Roll these in granulated sugar before baking!
be sure to follow me on instagram and hashtag #whattheforkfoodblog or tag @whattheforkfoodblog – i love seeing what you make!
if you love this gluten free peanut butter blossoms recipe, be sure to follow me on social media so you never miss a post:
sign up for my free newsletter subscription for new recipes and exclusive giveaways + my free ecookbook – recipes with chocolate
You can also get the full gluten free peanut butter blossom cookies recipe on Food Fanatic where I am a regular contributor.
"With the Cocktail Computer, imbibing just got even more fun." - mental_floss
"...while convenience is at its core, there's something quite magical about the device." - Cool Hunting
"Don Draper would be very pleased." - Visual News
As Seen On
Hi Kickstarter! Have you ever wanted to make the perfect cocktail? Be the hostess with the mostess? Give Don Draper's classiness a run for its money? If so, I think you're going to love the Cocktail Computer.
Is the Cocktail Computer Right For Me?
It's 5 p.m. and you have a fully stocked liquor cabinet but no idea what to make for cocktail hour. Eventually, you end up chugging a box of wine from frustration.
Enter the Cocktail Computer; the perfect computations for life's libations
The Cocktail Computer is a retro-chic, analog device that suggests cocktail recipes based on the ingredients you have in your home.
Not a cocktail drinker? Hosting a baby shower? Under 21? Not a problem. The Cocktail Computer's got some delicious mocktail recipes as well. Parties are about having a fun, social atmosphere where everyone can be involved, regardless of their libation inclinations.
How did the Cocktail Computer come to be?
I love making cocktails at home. I have countless cocktail books and a well stocked bar, but found I was getting overwhelmed with too many options. Conversely, my friends with little cocktail experience wanted to be able to make good at-home cocktails, but didn't know where to start.
I wanted a way for cocktail lovers of any experience level to be able to find reliable, curated cocktail recipes based on the ingredients they like and can easily keep in their home.
This is exactly what inspired the Cocktail Computer.
Cocktail books have reliable, curated recipes, but can't easily be searched based on the ingredients I have in stock.
The Internet has millions of recipes based on the ingredients I have, but they aren't reliably curated, and I don't want to spend my evenings glued to a screen sifting through millions of results for 'gin' and 'lemon' cocktails.
What I discovered from countless evenings scouring the Internet and studying my cocktail books, is that almost every popular or classic cocktail can be created with just 24 ingredients.
The Cocktail Computer reduces your shopping list, but the recipe cards can be swapped out with updated decks of recipes, so you'll never run out of ways to impress your friends.
After months of prototyping, researching, and vetting, I've created a device that will provide you with a curated, reliable, delicious list of cocktails that any cocktail lover with a home bar could enjoy. It'll also look pretty rad on that home bar of yours.
What is included in the Cocktail Computer kit?
The Cocktail Computer kit includes:
1. The Cocktail Computer! This has a comprehensive list of the 24 essential ingredients to keep stocked on your bar. From those, you can select what you've got, and see what we suggest you create.
The Cocktail Computer is made of Polypropylene, a sturdy, food-grade plastic that will stand up to your most sophisticated spills.
2. Curated recipe cards with over 100 cocktail recipes. We know that cocktail expertise varies greatly. This was the core building block for creating the recipe cards. The cards include a wide variety of drinks, that are not only delicious and hand-selected by experts, but can be made by almost anyone.
These can also be swapped out with updated decks of recipes in the future, so you never run out of tasty cocktail recipes.
The cards are made of a similar material to a laminated deck of playing cards. We know these will be in the splash zone of your bar and we made sure they could hold up to drips, pours, splashes, and sputters.
3. Stainless steel cocktail pickers that double as cocktail garnishes. These are the pickers to select the ingredients you have on the Cocktail Computer. Find your recipe, and then use those picks to hold your martini olives, or Luxardo cherries for your Manhattan.
Tasty and practical? Yes, please.
Manufacturing Plan
I have already reached out to several manufacturers to get quotes for the various parts that make up the Cocktail Computer. The designs of the Cocktail Computer, recipe cards, and cocktail pickers are all finalized.
Aside from the Cocktail Computer, the other parts and packaging will be made in the USA. If I can find a manufacturer in the US to do the Cocktail Computer for a reasonable price I would love to do that, but so far my research hasn't found anything that would be cost effective.
The order fulfillment aspect is already in place, as is the custom packaging.
Why I Need Your Help
As you can see, the Cocktail Computer kit has quite a few parts, which have sizable upfront manufacturing costs. That's why I'm here on Kickstarter. With your help, I'd love to make the Cocktail Computer a reality, and make the perfect computations for life's libations.
Thanks for checking out my project!
Newswise — In a study recently published in IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering, neurobiologists at the University of Chicago show how an organism can sense a tactile stimulus, in real time, through an artificial sensor in a prosthetic hand.
Scientists have made tremendous advances toward building lifelike prosthetic limbs that move and function like the real thing. These are amazing accomplishments, but an important element to creating a realistic replacement for a hand is the sense of touch. Without somatosensory feedback from the fingertips about how hard you're squeezing something or where it's positioned relative to the hand, grasping an object is about as accurate as using one of those skill cranes to grab a stuffed animal at an arcade. Sure, you can do it, but you have to concentrate intently while watching every movement. You're relying on your sense of vision to compensate for the lack of touch.
Sliman Bensmaia, assistant professor of organismal biology and anatomy at the University of Chicago, studies the neural basis of the sense of touch. Now, they and their colleagues are working with a robotic hand equipped with sensors that send electrical signals to electrodes implanted in the brain to recreate the same response to touch as a real hand.
Bensmaia spoke about how important the sense of touch is to creating a lifelike experience with a prosthetic limb.
“If you lose your somatosensory system it almost looks like your motor system is impaired,” they said. “If you really want to create an arm that can actually be used dexterously without the enormous amount of concentration it takes without sensory feedback, you need to restore the somatosensory feedback.”
The researchers performed a series of experiments with rhesus macaques that were trained to respond to stimulation of the hand. In one setting, they were gently poked on the hand with a physical probe at varying levels of pressure. In a second setting, some of the animals had electrodes implanted into the area of the brain that responds to touch. These animals were given electrical pulses to simulate the sensation of touch, and their hands were hidden so they wouldn't see that they weren't actually being touched.
Using data from the animals' responses to each type of stimulus, the researchers were able to create a function, or equation, that described the requisite electrical pulse to go with each physical poke of the hand. Then, they repeated the experiments with a prosthetic hand that was wired to the brain implants. They touched the prosthetic hand with the physical probe, which in turn sent electrical signals to the brain.
Bensmaia said that the animals performed identically whether poked on their own hand or on the prosthetic one.
“This is the first time as far as I know where an animal or organism actually perceives a tactile stimulus through an artificial transducer,” Bensmaia said. “It's an engineering milestone. But from a neuroengineering standpoint, this validates this function. You can use this function to have an animal perform this very precise task, precisely identically.”
The FDA is in the process of approving similar devices for human trials, and Bensmaia said they hope such a system is implemented within the next year. Producing a lifelike sense of touch would go a long way toward improving the dexterity and performance of prosthetic hands, but they said it would also help bridge a mental divide for amputees or people who have lost the use of a limb. Until now, prosthetics and robotic arms feel more like tools than real replacements because they don't produce the expected sensations.
“If every time you see your robotic arm touching something, you get a sensation that is projected to it, I think it's very possible that in fact, you will consider this new thing as being part of your body,” they said.
SEE ORIGINAL STUDY
The 81-year-old retired professor was expelled from Labour outright with no hearing. (TeleSUR)
A renowned Israeli anti-Zionist was expelled from Labour on Tuesday, as the party bureaucracy falsely accused them of anti-Semitism.
Retired philosophy professor Moshé Machover told The Electronic Intifada that the expulsion by the UK's main opposition party was a “clear violation of natural justice,” was “Stalinist” and “completely undemocratic.”
They said they would be taking legal advice and was considering whether to appeal the decision.
Machover is well known in scholarly and Palestine solidarity circles as an activist and a co-founder of Matzpen, a group of dissident Israeli socialists active in the 1960s and 1970s. They have lived in London since 1968.
A spokesperson for Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said they do not comment on disciplinary cases.
But The Electronic Intifada understands the leader's office is in fact looking into the expulsion.
In a letter from Labour's “Head of Disputes,” Machover was told that an article they had written “appears to meet the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance definition of anti-Semitism.”
Both the letter and the article can be read in full below.
The article, “Anti-Zionism does not equal anti-Semitism,” was published in a bulletin by the group Labour Party Marxists and handed out at the party's conference last week.
Machover said it “won a lot of response at conference” and “very positive and widespread agreement.” This put the right of the party on the defensive, and they are now lashing out, they said.
According to Labour Party Marxists, the Jewish Labour Movement's vice-chair Mike Katz accused Machover of being an “amoral historian,” although they did not contest the facts in Machover's article.
In the article, Machover argued that in Labour, a “campaign of equating opposition to Zionism with anti-Semitism has, in fact, been carefully orchestrated with the help of the Israeli government.”
Machover also critically quoted Reinhard Heydrich, one of Hitler's most notorious lieutenants, who they said in 1935 wrote that the Nazi “government finds itself in complete agreement with the great spiritual movement within Jewry itself, so-called Zionism.”
Sam Matthews, the Labour official who wrote expelling Machover, did not specify which part of the article they claimed was anti-Semitic.
Speaking to The Times last week, right-wing Labour lawmaker John Mann called for Labour Party Marxists to be “thrown out of the party, every single one of them.”
Mann, who has been a leading opponent of left-wing leader Jeremy Corbyn, claimed that the group's “scurrilous publication, which contains anti-Semitic material, is good only for the recycling bin.”
Misquoted
The Times report misquoted the bulletin, claiming it “discussed the ‘commonality between Zionists and Nazis' ” – the article in fact contains no such quote.
The report also failed to mention the fact that Machover is an Israeli Jew, and falsely implied that they had quoted the Nazi official approvingly.
Machover told The Electronic Intifada that they had quoted “the great monster Heydrich” to discuss the undisputed historical links between a Zionist minority of German Jews in the 1930s and the Nazi Party.
Machover was expelled rather than suspended because the Labour bureaucracy claims they have violated party rules by writing articles for the Weekly Worker, the newspaper of the Communist Party of Great Britain.
“Membership or support for another political party” is grounds for immediate expulsion, the letter states.
Speaking to The Electronic Intifada, Machover said they were not member of either the Communist Party of Great Britain or Labour Party Marxists.
The latter group asked to use their article and they agreed. The Weekly Worker is an “open forum” which is very democratic in its publication policy, they said. They have spoken at some of the Communist Party of Great Britain's meetings.
They told The Electronic Intifada that they also spoke at elite private school Eton College some years ago: “I went there. Am I associated with Eton? I don't know! If people invite me to talk about Israel/Palestine, I usually respond. That's what I do.”
Machover pointed out that Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn was for 10 years a columnist for the Morning Star, which is closely associated with the Communist Party of Britain – another left-wing group.
Since Corbyn – long a Palestine solidarity activist – was elected leader of the party, Labour has faced a mostly invented “anti-Semitism crisis.”
Mounting a tenacious but futile attempt to stay in control, the right wing of the party has teamed up with Israel lobby groups such as Labour Friends of Israel and the Jewish Labour Movement to smear supporters of Palestinian rights as anti-Semites.
The letter to Machover marks the first known time Labour Party officials have cited the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance's document containing a “working definition” of anti-Semitism as a justification for “formal notice of investigation.”
The controversial document has been promoted by Israel lobby groups, because it alleges that “claiming that the existence of a State of Israel is a racist endeavor” is an example of “anti-Semitism.”
Until now, Labour's leadership has only endorsed a two-sentence definition of anti-Semitism, contained in the controversial document, which does not mention Israel. This letter appears to contradict that distinction.
The document could also define advocating for a single, democratic state in historic Palestine, in which Jews, Muslims and Christians have full and equal rights, as anti-Semitism, because under the terms of the definition that could be construed as “denying the Jewish people their right to self-determination.”
Updated since initial publication.
https://electronicintifada.net/sites/default/files/2017-10/moshe-machover-letter-redact.pdf
Canada Post has only converted 860,000 addresses out of a planned 5 million to community mailboxes, so it will only bring annual savings of $80 million. The information is contained in the crown corporation's third-quarter financial statements related Friday.
Canada Post converted 860,000 out of a planned 5 million addresses to community mailboxes before calling a halt following the Liberal election win. ( Marcus Oleniuk/Toronto Star / Toronto Star )
The post office temporarily suspended the conversions in late October. That came a week after the Liberals won a majority government. They had campaigned to stop the conversions. Another 460,000 addresses that were to be switched over in November and December, and next year are now on hold. Just 17 per cent of the total planned have taken place. It is unclear what Public Services Works Minister Judy Foote will do regarding addresses that have already been changed to community-mailbox delivery in the halted project, but Canada Post spokesperson Jon Hamilton noted that the crown corporation will “support a review in any way we can.”
Article Continued Below
The review is referenced in a mandate letter from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to Foote, asking them to “undertake a review of Canada Post to make sure it provides the high-quality service that Canadians expect at a reasonable price.” In 2013, facing a steep drop in mail volumes, Canada Post launched a five-point action plan to cut costs. The plan included shifting about 5 million addresses from door-to-door home delivery to community mailboxes over five years. It said when completed, the switch would bring $400 million to $500 million in annual savings. Canada Post is not saying what costs have been incurred to convert to community mailboxes, or what it cost to halt the program. Hamilton would only say that much of the savings is from reduced staffing through attrition. The Canada Post segment of the crown corporation lost $13 million in the third quarter, but the losses would have been greater, if not for a jump in parcel deliveries and mailings related to the federal election.
Hamilton estimates that there were an additional 25 million pieces of mail related to the Oct. 19 election, so the drop in letter volumes was only 2.6 per cent, compared with the typical rate of 5.5 per cent. Even though parcel volumes are usually slow in the third quarter, Canada Post says the number of parcels were up by 4 million this year, or 16.1 per cent.
Article Continued Below
“For us, it was a milestone,” they said. “It meant a boost, largely in August, as the back-to-school rush and all the shopping that comes with back to school. We are seeing a lot of it shifting to online shopping.” Still the post office recorded a $13 million before-tax loss in the quarter, compared with $13 million in before-tax profit a year earlier. Pressures include pension payments and employee benefits – though the corporation received permission from Ottawa to delay making special back payments until 2017. Otherwise, it would have to make $1.4 billion in payments this year, not counting regular contributions. But the Canada Post group of companies – which includes the post office as well as Purolator courier and a logistics firm – turned in a before-tax profit of $10 million, compared to a $35 million profit in the same period a year earlier. The Canadian Union of Postal Workers argues the third quarter, which includes summer, is always a slow time of year. “There is every reason to expect that the Canada Post Group of Companies and the Canada Post segment will both see a much greater overall profit this year once the busy holiday season is factored into its last quarter,” said national president Mike Palecek in a news release. The union, which is scheduled to begin bargaining on a new contract, noted that in the first three quarters of the year, all the Canada Post companies earned $28 million before tax. Other changes Canada Post introduced to increase revenues included hiking domestic stamp prices in March 2014 to 85 cents each, if sold in a booklet, or $1 for a single stamp. Domestic stamps will rise to 90 cents on Jan. 11, if bought in a booklet, but individual stamps will stay at $1. Stamps to the United States will increase to $1.25 from $1.20, and international stamps will go from $2.60 from $2.50.
Read more about:
1 of 1 2 of 1
If you're from Vancouver, fireworks on Canada Day or any other occasion are a snooze fest. They're never big or long enough, and there's no way they're going to measure up.
Unless we're talking about the Celebration of Light, of course. For two decades, this fireworks competition, formerly known as the Symphony of Fire, has been spoiling Vancouverites with top-notch pyrotechnics at English Bay.
This year, the 21st annual Celebration of Light, billed as the “Battle of the Champions”, will take place over three nights, down from last year's four nights. That means one less night of braving the nasty washrooms at English Bay Beach, taking an hour to walk down Robson Street to get to the SkyTrain, or watching your fellow citizens turn the Kitsilano Beach shoreline into one big urinal.
Here's all the details to help make your fireworks experience a good one. Check back for updates.
When it's going down
Saturday, July 30
Time: 10 to 10:25 p.m.
Country: China
Theme: “China Storm”
Wednesday, August 3
Time: 10 to 10:25 p.m.
Country: Spain
Theme: “Odyssey”
Saturday, August 6
Time: 10 to 10:25 p.m.
Country: Canada
Theme: “Then and Now”
Where to watch
English Bay Beach and Kitsilano Beach are where the masses flock. These spots afford the best views, so they'll be packed like West Georgia Street during Game 7 of the Stanley Cup finals.
Kitsilano Point, Vanier Park, Sunset Beach, and parts of Stanley Park are also ideal viewing locations. As are any condos with a view of English Bay, for those of you with friends who've invested in Vancouver's vertical suburbs (housing bubble, anyone?).
My favourite spots to watch the fireworks are on the grass (no blowing sand) by the Vancouver Maritime Museum in Hadden Park and on the Burrard Bridge, if I'm taking photos. Years ago, I preferred to take in the show at the high-tide mark of English Bay Beach, right in front of the big slide in the water. (If you don't pay attention to the direction of the tide, you're liable to get wet.)
How to hear the soundtrack
In the popular viewing locations, come fireworks time, someone nearby will likely be playing the music that goes with the pyrotechnics. If none of your neighbours brought a ghetto blaster, however, Shore 104.3 FM will be broadcasting the soundtrack. For those of you too young to remember FM radio, the broadcast will be streamed on the station's website. Hopefully, this won't include several minutes of Prince and the Revolution's “Purple Rain” yet again.
What to bring
It gets pretty cold when the sun goes down, so beach towels and blankets are always a good idea. A supply of drinks and snacks too. You'll also want to bring along friends you actually like talking to, since most of the evening will involve sitting around waiting for the show to begin.
Marijuana and alcohol don't go over well with the cops, but you won't see a shortage of these on the beaches. Please take your trash with you when you leave. We don't need English Bay and Kitsilano beaches to look like landfills the morning after.
How to get there
First of all, if you're a polluter, leave the car at home or at the park and ride. The best ways to get down to the fireworks are walking, cycling, and public transit. You'll want to come down early to get a good spot, and then either be among the first to take off or take your time getting home.
Bike valet parking will be available near English Bay Beach, Kitsilano Beach, and the north end of the Burrard Bridge.
Wheelchair-accessible vehicle parking will be available prior to 6 p.m. on a first-come, first-served basis at Bidwell Street and Burnaby Street, Beach Avenue (across from lawn bowling), the park board administration office, and the parking lot at Arbutus Street and McNicoll Avenue.
What transit service will be available
TransLink will offer additional service to deal with the crowds. But you know it'll be a gong show anyways. Here's what's going to be different on fireworks nights:
”¢ Buses that normally head into the West End won't go past Burrard Street and Davie Street as of 7:30 p.m. The #5 Robson will travel as far as Robson Street and Denman Street and then come back via Denman and West Georgia Street. Eastbound service will use Georgia, rather than Robson.
”¢ Starting at 9 p.m., the #22 Macdonald/Knight will stop running on Burrard Bridge and Cornwall Avenue. It will travel on West 4th Avenue between Granville Bridge and Macdonald Street in both directions.
”¢ The SkyTrain Expo and Millennium lines will run at rush-hour service levels from late afternoon until crowds are cleared after the fireworks. The last Expo Line train is scheduled to leave Waterfront Station at 1:16 a.m. But trains will continue running so customers already in the station at that time can get home.
”¢ The SkyTrain Canada Line will offer rush-hour service until 10 p.m., then increase service until 1 a.m. Additional trains will be on standby.
”¢ At Granville Station, the Seymour and Granville street entrances will be closed at 9 p.m. Access will be only via the Dunsmuir Street entrance.
”¢ At Waterfront Station, the Cordova Street entrance will be shut, except for customers using mobility devices, families with strollers, and SeaBus customers (and West Coast Express on the final night). Expo and Millennium line riders will enter via the Howe Street entrance (by Canada Place). Canada Line riders will enter via the Granville Plaza entrance on the west side of the station.
”¢ Inbound Expo and Millennium line trains will not pick up passengers at Granville or Burrard stations, and all incoming passengers will have to leave the train at Waterfront Station, except for persons with disabilities and families with strollers. Inbound Canada Line trains will not pick up passengers between Yaletown-Roundhouse and Waterfront stations, and arriving passengers will be told to get off at Waterfront. These measures are meant to prevent “seat-camping”.
”¢ Bikes will not be allowed on the SkyTrain leaving downtown Vancouver from 10 p.m. until lineups have cleared, which could be as late at 1 a.m. Transit staff and police may restrict bikes at other times in any direction, if crowds are heavy.
”¢ In Richmond, additional buses will be at the Bridgeport SkyTrain station to deal with crowds coming off the Canada Line.
”¢ West Vancouver Transit will have about 15 extra buses along West Georgia Street near Denman Street, ready to be used as needed.
”¢ The SeaBus will have two boats running, providing 15-minute service until midnight, and then half-hourly departures until 1:22 a.m. from Waterfront Station. The 15-minute service may be extended later, if needed.
”¢ The West Coast Express will run a special train for the finale on August 6, leaving Mission City at 7 p.m. and arriving at Waterfront Station at 8:15 p.m. The return trip will depart from Waterfront at midnight.
What streets will be closed
The West End and Kits Point will be closed to vehicles, except those of drivers who can prove they reside there through car registration or a permit parking decal. In the West End, the closures—affecting the area bounded by Denman Street, Alberni Street, Burrard Street, and Beach Avenue—will begin at 7:30 p.m. on fireworks nights. The Kits Point closures—north of Cornwall Avenue—will start at 6 p.m.
The closures will end at 11:30 p.m. Of course, this won't stop silly drivers from trying to maneuver their cars through the crowds right after the fireworks end.
You can follow Stephen Hui on Twitter at twitter.com/stephenhui.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Finance Ministry said on Friday it may be forced to cancel plans to borrow abroad this year, admitting that sanctions imposed by the West are already stinging.
The United States imposed sanctions on Russian President Vladimir Putin's close allies over the annexation of Ukraine's Crimea and warned of more moves that would target major sectors of the Russian economy.
The European Union followed with similar measures against powerful individuals, including freezing assets they hold in the EU. [ID:nL6N0MI1V0]
Since Putin declared on March 3 that Russia had the right to invade Ukraine, Russian stocks have lost on average 10 percent, or more than $60 billion in market capitalization, and the central bank has spent $23 billion defending the rouble as foreign investors, spooked by uncertainty about where the crisis will lead, pull their money out of Russian stocks and bonds.
“Any sanctions, whatever they are, have a negative impact on bilateral trade, the forecast and the actual economic growth,” Siluanov told journalists.
“That's why the imposed sanctions will certainly contribute to the overall negative perception of our country's economy and that has already been reflected in ratings agencies' forecasts.”
On Thursday, both S&P and Fitch ratings agencies downgraded to negative from stable their long-term outlooks on Russia's debt.
“It's clear that prices of our bonds can change and the cost of our borrowing could rise,” Siluanov said. “If the situation remains as it is now, we will probably cancel our foreign borrowing and reduce domestic debt issuance.”
Russia's official plans envisaged around $7 billion worth of foreign borrowing this year, following a successful placement of the same amount last year.
Russia has a hefty $494 billion of foreign currency reserves and the finance ministry expects a budget deficit of only 0.5 percent of gross domestic product terms this year, enabling it to put off borrowing plans.
PRICE TO PAY
But the central bank has been battling to defend the rouble since Putin's declaration forced it to raise interest rates by 150 basis points to stem capital flight.
The bank said last week it would not introduce capital controls, despite broad expectations that some $50-$70 billion will flow out of Russia in the first quarter of the year, compared with $63 billion in the whole of last year.
But the bank had to halt its planned policy shift to inflation-targeting and fall back on its old role of guarding the rouble.
The rouble's falling value, down by 10 percent against the dollar this year, will boost tax revenues which are estimated using world market dollar prices for commodities, but the price Russia will pay for its economic isolation from the West is high.
“We estimate that every 10-percent fall in the rouble against the dollar raises revenues by 1 percent of GDP,” Neil Shearing, chief emerging market economist at Capital Economics said in a note on Friday.
“By contrast, consumers will lose out as they bear the brunt of higher import prices. We think that inflation could rise to 7 percent by the end of this year.”
The finance ministry asked the government on Friday to postpone a deadline for moving its surplus tax revenues into one of the country's sovereign wealth funds until October, fearing it could cause further tensions on the markets.
“In the current situation, the withdrawal of the rouble liquidity in the amount of 174.2 billion roubles ($4.81 billion) would serve as an additional factor for reducing the banking sector's liquidity and could contribute to increased volatility in the financial sector,” the ministry said in the document.
Yields on Russian Eurobonds have risen on average 80-100 basis points this month, with the benchmark bond maturing in 2030 trading at 5.2 percent.
“Sanctions may reduce investor confidence in Russian banks that complicate their access to debt and capital markets,” Alexandr Danilov, analyst at Fitch ratings agency in Moscow told Reuters on Friday.
“Besides, if investors in Russian stocks and bonds close their positions it can bring a decline in their value.”
Visa Inc V.N and MasterCard Inc MA.N have stopped providing services for payment transactions for clients at Bank Rossiya, blacklisted on Thursday by the United States and its subsidiary Sobinbank.
The services were also stopped for SMP bank, associated with two other Russians on the Washington list.
“It's all consequences of the sanctions,” Siluanov said. “Some say they will not affect the Russian financial system, and they are already affecting it.”
($1 = 36.2354 Russian Roubles)
While officers were busy investigating the earlier mentioned car/pedestrian collision on Aurora, a female driver and their passenger attempted to drive past the patrol cars and police line on Aurora, and ended up striking the rear of one of the patrol cars. The driver then continued to drive while their car was straddling the center median before they were stopped by detectives in the next block.
Despite the fact that there were patrol cars with flashing lights, police tape, flares, and traffic cones all put in place to direct traffic and protect the crime scene, the female driver and their passenger drove through the scene at approximately 25 mph, and struck the rear bumper of the patrol car. The driver was able to drive their car while straddling the median, before finally being stopped by Traffic Collision Investigation Squad (TCIS) detectives at N. 60th and Aurora. The driver was evaluated and processed for DUI. The female passenger in the car was arrested for obstructing and outstanding warrants. The officer who was seated in the struck patrol car was treated for minor injuries at a local hospital and released.
Image copyright PA
The Budget was "one of the greatest" and will make sure that "people who have actually tried hard will get rewarded", Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has said.
The government plans to allow people to spend their pension pots how they wish rather than having to buy an annuity, which guarantees an annual income.
Mr Duncan Smith told Sky News they would not "blow" their savings.
Labour has said it will support the coalition's plans.
But it has asked for more detail on what they will mean "in practice".
In Wednesday's Budget, Chancellor George Osborne said new rules were due to come in from April 2015, subject to consultation, with some existing regulations to be relaxed from next Thursday.
'Listening mode'
It is expected that anyone over the age of 55 who belongs to a defined contribution scheme, such as a private pension scheme (as opposed to a final-salary scheme) will be able to take out their savings as a lump sum to spend or invest as they wish.
Mr Duncan Smith told Sky News: "I think this Budget will go down as one of the greatest Budgets, signalling a new departure for Great Britain's economy and for people who have actually tried hard get rewarded."
In the week, Liberal Democrat pensions minister Steve Webb said it was people's "choice" how they spent their pension pot, when asked if the money could go on a Lamborghini sports car.
Mr Webb told BBC One's Sunday Politics they were "very much in listening mode" over the way in which the changes would be implemented.
Mr Duncan Smith agreed that those over 55 would get more financial freedom, but added: "What they will actually do is to go out and find some (investment) vehicle to give them better returns than their annuities."
Asked whether many of those affected would put their money into buy-to-let properties, possibly creating a price bubble, they replied: "I'm not going to speculate on what somebody approaching retirement and not earning much in annuities will do."
The state, rather than savers, had "historically been the most profligate" user of money, Mr Duncan Smith said.
'No blank sheet'
Speaking on BBC One's Andrew Marr Show, Liberal Democrat Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander said: "I think a lot of people will [still] want to buy annuities.
"There's still a very strong market there... This will also help to make the annuity market more competitive."
For Labour, shadow work and pensions secretary Rachel Reeves said on Friday that the annuities and pension market currently did "not work well for people who have saved all their lives".
They told BBC Radio 4's Any Questions: "I support reform and I support what has been announced this week, although we need to see a lot more detail about what that will mean in practice."
Speaking on the Andrew Marr Show, shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna said: "We need to see the bill and I'm not going to sign a blank sheet of paper."
Image caption The replacement statue was designed by John Sutton, who worked on the Game of Thrones TV show
A replacement for the sculpture of a Celtic sea god that was stolen from Binevenagh Mountain has been installed.
Manannán Mac Lir was taken from its spot on the mountain near Limavady, County Londonderry, last year.
Its disappearance was deemed a mystery, until it was found by a rambling group who then sought the help of soldiers on a training exercise.
However, it had been badly damaged, so Limavady Borough Council agreed to replace it.
Image copyright MOD Image caption The statue was found 300m from its original position, its head had been badly damaged
Image caption The sculpture cost £10,000 to replace
Manannán Mac Lir is a sea god from Irish mythology and the statue had become a popular tourist attraction in the area.
Thousands of people joined a Facebook page when the statue was stolen called 'Bring back Manannán Mac Lir the Sea God', and police launched a missing persons appeal.
Image caption The disappearance of Manannán Mac Lir sparked a missing persons appeal by police and thousands of people joined a social media campaign to bring it back
The cost of replacing the original sculpture, which was found about 300m from Gortmore viewpoint, was £10,000.
The statue and its replacement were created by John Sutton, who worked on the Game of Thrones TV show.
July 10-12, 2015
Maysville, Missouri, USA
Build Yourself. Build Your World.
This 3 day workshop – led by Marcin Jakubowski, founder of Open Source Ecology (OSE) – and Thomas Griffing, OSE Power Cube Lead Developer, shows how Extreme Manufacturing techniques are used to build a complete Power Cube – in One Day.
Workshop immersion involves concept and practice, and includes crash courses on key elements of fabrication, hydraulic power unit design, CAD, open source hardware documentation, and open enterprise models. As a participant, you will be helping us to test the OSE collaborative production model, which we see as the future of bringing production and skills back to communities.
The three day workshop includes a one day build of the structural Power Cube – a 28 horsepower, hydraulic power unit. The first day includes crash courses in welding, torching, and other tool use. The build will involve fabrication followed by assembly. The workshop features use of OSE's open source machines – including the open source 20-ton hole puncher and ironworker machine. OSE's open source CNC Torch Table will be used for the first time in a workshop setting. This workshop is intended for people interested in immersion, hands-on skills training and practical results. This immersion course may be especiallay useful to people who would like to build their own machines, such that they can maintain them for a lifetime.
We will use structural steel tubing which creates a structural frame around the Power Cube (note that the video above uses angle, not tubing, for the frame). This allows the Power Cube to be used standalone or as part of another machine. We will also be running a MicroTractor workshop right after the Power Cube workshop – where participants build a MicroTractor using the Power Cube as a core, structural component. See the MicroTractor announcement. Further, we will build a charcoal gasifier after the MicroTractor workshop – so that the Power Cube, or MicroTractor – can be run on locally-produced, carbon-negative biomass resources.
We are inviting those individuals who are interested in building their own Power Cube – or entrepreneurs interested in starting a business. OSE's goal is to create open, collaborative, ethical enterprise ecosystems that accelerate innovation towards a better world. We are also inviting dedicated documenters to participate in documenting the build.
The overall workshop is designed for people interested in transitioning from Zero to Maker – but is also full of learning for those with experience. Can't weld? We'll give you a crash course. This course assumes no prior skills outside of general body awareness. Some people will be given documentation tasks if appropriate.
This is the first OSE workshop where participants can purchase and build their own 28 hp Power Cube kits (limit of 8 kit builds).
As a bonus, we are also screening a pre-release of a documentary film on one of OSE's collaborations, Reversing the Mississippi.
If you can't attend the workshop because you need financial assistance, email us and we will put you on the waiting list. We will select you if a Sponsor provides funding.
Weekend Workshop (July 10-12): Design, Build, and Get Skills.
Design, Build, and Get Skills. Documentation Track (July 10-12): Document for replicability.
Have questions? Drop us an email: info at opensourceecology dot org
The New Hampshire Liberty Alliance does a Liberty Rating each year in which they analyze liberty-related roll-call votes of state representatives and senators and grade them. (The NHLA is a great government accountability organization, by the way, and well worth supporting; a lifetime membership is only $100.)
I used their roll-call votes for the 2014 N.H. House of Representatives but analyzed them differently (I also corrected three errors in their spreadsheet). The vast majority of roll-call votes are on economic issues, where conservative Republicans and libertarians line up. So the Liberty Rating might overstate how libertarian conservative House members really are, if those social issues that are voted on are disproportionately important. The Liberty Rating tries to assess how important each vote is, but the way they do it is arbitrary and subject to dispute (for instance, they rate a bill restricting the sharing of public school student information as highest-priority, on a level with legalizing marijuana and three times as important as a bill enacting occupational licensure of medical technicians). Furthermore, some of their bills are disputably freedom-related: they rated as negative a bill creating a new crime of “domestic violence.” Now, that bill might or might not have been a good idea, but it doesn't seem like a liberty-related issue, unless you're an anarchist who wants to legalize everything, including violence.
I used Item Response Theory in a Bayesian framework to estimate the ideal points of legislators in two dimensions. Let me unpack that statement for the layperson. I let the data speak for itself. If legislators who generally voted libertarian voted in favor of a bill, the data are telling me that that bill is liberty-enhancing. If legislators who generally vote libertarian split on a bill, then maybe it's not a liberty issue. Some votes might be “harder” or “easier” than others, like questions on a test. Even a pretty libertarian legislator might vote the wrong way on a hard vote, like a bill legalizing physician-assisted suicide (“Death with Dignity”, HB 1325 in 2014), which failed 219-66.
Using the R package “pscl,” I first hypothesized that all 93 roll-call votes in 2014 reflected a single ideological dimension: each legislator's degree of libertarian-ness. We could line up all legislators' ideal points in ideological space along a single line, and that line would be the best way to predict how all the legislators vote on any given issue.
That hypothesis ended up being wrong. On 84 roll-call votes, I couldn't reject that hypothesis, but on 9, I could. Those were votes on which those voters who tended to vote in a libertarian direction on the other 84 votes tended to vote in an anti-libertarian direction instead – and conversely, those voters who usually voted anti-libertarian actually tended to vote libertarian on those 9 votes.
What were those 9 votes?
HB1237, prohibiting local sex-offender residency restrictions (passed 231-97) HB1325, Death with Dignity (failed 66-219) HB1501, mandating licensing of outpatient abortion facilities (killed 211-86) (the NHLA generally stays out of abortion bills, but they believed, and I agree, that business licensing is the wrong way for pro-lifers to restrict abortion) HB1577, allowing alkaline hydrosis for the disposal of human remains (passed 209-116) HB1624, modernizing the juvenile justice system (passed 256-40) HB1625, decriminalizing small amounts of marijuana (passed 215-92) HB249, mandating employer use of E-Verify (killed 266-68) HB492, legalizing marijuana (passed 170-162) SB296, discriminating in favor of veterans in public employment (killed 210-128)
What do all these issues have in common? They're social issues on which libertarians make common cause with the left! And note that apart from Death with Dignity, libertarians won on every one of these bills. Part of that has to do with the fact that socially liberal Democrats were in the majority in 2014, and part of it has to do with the fact that libertarians are numerous enough in the House to swing some close votes, like the legalization of marijuana.
There were also a few votes without a clear libertarian position; in statistical jargon, they didn't “load” onto the first ideological dimension at all:
SB318, establishing the crime of domestic violence (passed 325-3) SB336, banning deer baiting on public land (killed 200-85) SB366, establishing two casinos in New Hampshire (killed 173-172)
Arguably these roll-calls shouldn't have been included in the Liberty Rating.
So I divided the roll-call votes into two groups: the 84 votes on which libertarians either voted with the right or lacked consensus and the 9 votes on which libertarians voted with the left. I ran separate Bayesian IRT analyses on these groups of roll-call votes, with the expected results. That procedure gave me two dimensions of ideology, allowing me to generate the scatter plot above.
When you click on the image to expand it, you'll see legislators' ideal points plotted in two dimensions: left-libertarian issues on the Y axis and right-libertarian issues on the X axis. The vast majority of legislators are found in two “clouds”: a conservative-Republican cloud in the bottom right and a progressive-Democrat cloud in the upper left. However, there is also a significant smattering of libertarians in the upper right quadrant. There is no corresponding set of communitarians in the bottom left, though there are a few legislators who are strikingly socially conservative given their modest economic conservatism (Democrat Roger Berube and Republican Regina Birdsell, for example).
The five legislators who are strongly libertarian on both dimensions are all Free State Project early movers. But if you draw an arc among points equidistant from the upper-right corner (an “iso-libertarian curve,” if you will) that just draws in John Burt, Richard Hinch, Todd Smith, Norman Major, Joel Winters, and Priscilla Lockwood, you enclose an envelope of legislators who really are strikingly socially libertarian given their degree of economic conservatism. Within that envelope, you'll find 35 legislators, as good an estimate as we're likely to have of the number of broadly libertarianish legislators in the 2014 House.
Now, left-libertarian issues all put together are probably not as important as right-libertarian issues all put together. Right-wingers are better, from a libertarian perspective, on the vast majority of economic issues and on about half of personal freedom issues (guns, tobacco, alcohol, and surprisingly, issues like privacy and police militarization). Indeed, the scatter plot above stretches the X axis to twice the length of the Y axis to accentuate this perspective. If all Republicans were like Priscilla Lockwood of Canterbury, the famed “New Hampshire Advantage” would not be long for this world.
Still, Priscilla Lockwood is the only Republican who can win in the highly Democratic town of Canterbury. Given that they are economically moderate and socially libertarian, they deserve support from groups like the NHLA. Heaven forfend they be replaced by an extreme economic leftist like Mary Gile of Concord.
Another question to consider: is there any other state legislative body in the country that would feature a pattern of roll-call votes similar to that found in New Hampshire, with a distinct, sizeable libertarian contingent? I'd venture not.
The idea of designing a row house as if it was in the background of a cartoon video game may have originated in Bushwick but now it has finally come to Queens, where it probably always really belonged. New York Shitty has christened 45-12 11th Street "The Lego House" while Queens Crap has awarded it the prestigious "Frank Lloyd Crap" designation, but we think it most closely resembles a pair of blue camouflage cargo shorts. (Unfortunately, "Blue Camo Cargo Shorts Building" doesn't have much of a ring to it.) The architect and owner, Thomas Paino, is calling it the "Climate Change Row House," which also doesn't have much of a ring to it, but does more accurately describe the building's function—it was built with Passive House standards in mind, including such features as a solar hot water system, rooftop greenhouse, LED lighting throughout, and more. While that's admirable, the facade is most definitely not.
As far as whether or not it's the ugliest house in Queens, though ... probably not as long as this little guy is still standing.
Changing the culture of policing, as well as improving training for officers, could help prevent the deaths of people dealing with mental illness during altercations with police in Canada, experts say.
"The whole culture is a bit of an issue," said Dorothy Cotton, a psychologist who co-authored a Mental Health Commission of Canada (MHCC) report in 2014 on interactions between police and people living with mental health problems.
Police officers tend to get recognition for work perceived as "action", Cotton said, such as saving "a drowning child, or for that matter if you wrestle a gang-banger to the ground."
"But ... how much reward does a police officer get ... for talking someone down?"
Psychologist Dorothy Cotton says strategies that may normally work for police trying to arrest someone 'often backfire' if that person has a mental health issue. (Dorothy Cotton)
The death of Somali-Canadian Abdirahman Abdi after witnesses said police officers beat them in front of their Ottawa apartment building on Sunday, as well as Thursday's sentencing of Toronto Const. James Forcillo for the streetcar shooting of 18-year-old Sammy Yatim, have focused public attention on police altercations that end in tragedy. The question of mental health has been raised in both cases.
Strategies that police normally use for stopping or arresting people — like repeatedly shouting or chasing them — "often backfire" if someone has a mental health issue, Cotton said.
"If you are so mixed up in your head that you're actually not even understanding what they're saying ... then saying it louder and repeating it over and over makes people more agitated."
Officers should 'slow down'
Terry Coleman, who worked as a police officer in Calgary for almost 25 years, then became chief of the police service in Moose Jaw, Sask., for another decade, said more emphasis on non-physical intervention and teaching a calmer approach is critical in police education and training.
Terry Coleman, who worked in policing for more than 35 years, says it's critical for police officers to practice de-escalation until it becomes a "habit," just as new recruits practice using a gun properly over and over again during firearms training. (Terry Coleman)
"Not every situation lends itself to having the opportunity to start some sort of conversation and try to de-escalate, but conversely, we shouldn't be doing anything that escalates the situation," said Coleman, who co-authored the mental health and policing report with Cotton.
WATCH | CBC FirstHand documentary Hold Your Fire
British Columbia's crisis intervention and de-escalation (CID) training should be viewed as a model for police academies and police services across the country, Coleman said, largely because it trains officers to "slow down" and establish rapport with the people they encounter.
The B.C. government made the program mandatory for all police officers working in the province as a result of the Braidwood inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski, who died after RCMP officers stunned them repeatedly with a Taser at Vancouver International Airport in 2007.
The course initially includes an online component, as well as an in-person session with people who have mental health issues and dealt with police, or their family members, said Steve Schnitzer, director of the police academy at the Justice Institute of British Columbia.
"It's basically having empathy ... treating people with respect," Schnitzer said
CID education is then "interwoven" into the next nine months of basic training for new recruits, including during firearms and use of force instruction, they added.
Practicing de-escalation until it becomes a "habit" is critical, Coleman said, so that police officers "can apply it when bad things happen" and they're in a "stressful situation."
Sammy Yatim died after being shot repeatedly by Toronto Const. James Forcillo in 2013. Forcillo was sentenced Thursday to six years in prison.
"The attitude of the police officer and even the first words out of the police officer's mouth sets the tone for how this [situation] might and might not go," they said.
And, although officers need to be cautious, Coleman recommends against pulling out a gun when approaching someone who might be agitated.
"I never suggest that we jeopardize officer safety. Never. But if you walk up carefully, I mean, your partner can cover your back ... and just start to talk calmly to this person, even though they might be shouting and screaming ... try and engage them," they said.
"We don't expect police officers to be able to say, 'well, this person is schizophrenic' or 'this person is bipolar' or whatever. We want ... police officers to understand that there is a problem."
Both Coleman and Cotton, the psychologist, said policing has changed over the years and they disagree with the notion that a police officer shouldn't have to play a role in people's mental well being.
"You hear this, sometimes from the public, but certainly from some police officers that 'we're not bloody social workers,'" Coleman said. "Well, get over it my friends. You are."
"If you've got a police officer with an attitude that we're not 'social workers,' then I'm afraid you don't belong in 21st century policing," they added.
Problem bigger than training
But some critics aren't buying the argument that insufficient training is to blame if police use force that results in death.
"I think that's nonsense," Desmond Cole, a Toronto activist and journalist who speaks out against racism in policing, told CBC Radio's Here and Now. "You don't need to train a police officer how to not beat someone almost to death."
"[You] don't need to train a police officer not to leave a man who has just been beaten lying face down in their own blood handcuffed," they added, referring to Abdi's death in Ottawa.
Although Coleman emphasized they can't comment on that specific case, they agreed with Cole that "you shouldn't have to teach anybody not to beat somebody up."
"But at the same time it doesn't mean you shouldn't work with [police] so that they can do a better job and communicate better and resolve situations without getting to the point where somebody gets beaten up."
A federal judge appointed by President Ronald Reagan argued in a recent post on Slate that less attention should be paid to the U.S. Constitution since much of it is not relevant to the 21st century."I see absolutely no value to a judge of spending decades, years, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes, or seconds studying the Constitution, the history of its enactment, its amendments, and its implementation (across the centuries — well, just a little more than two centuries, and of course less for many of the amendments)," writes 7th Circuit Judge Richard Posner."Eighteenth-century guys, however smart, could not foresee the culture, technology, etc., of the 21st century," they said. "Which means that the original Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and the post-Civil War amendments (including the 14th), do not speak to today."Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh on Monday called Posner's remarks "stunning.""It's only the official law of the land, and here's a Seventh Circuit judge saying it's worthless!" Limbaugh said. "The amendments? Its implementation? It's a waste of time even if you spend seconds studying it."The Constitution was the first document in history to limit the power of government and give it to the citizens, they noted. "And that is why the opponents want to get rid of it, because it limits the government. It does not empower government. It empowers citizens. It empowers individuals."Limbaugh argued that the Constitution does indeed speak to modern society, and has done so successfully.Posner, appointed by Reagan in 1981, "illustrates how people can lose their grounding," Limbaugh said. "This is the kind of thing, by the way, that's gonna be latched onto. There's a whole movement on the left that agrees with this."
This offseason's coaching carousel has almost come to a stop. There will continue to be some new position coach hires through the spring and maybe even a few coordinators changing jobs. But barring an off-the-field episode that embarrasses the university, no more head coaches will be fired. If things don't turn around soon, though, several coaches could find themselves in hot water, on hot seats, and in various other states of uncomfortable employment-related warmth in 2015.
Bob Stoops
After whooping Alabama in the Sugar Bowl, Oklahoma came into 2014 with expectations of competing for a national championship. Instead, the Sooners went 8-5, their worst record since Bob Stoops' first year as their coach, including a 40-6 annihilation in the Russell Athletic Bowl.
In a vacuum, a season such as this wouldn't be cause to put someone on the hot seat. But Bob Stoops doesn't coach in a vacuum; they coach in Norman, Okla., where fans are keenly aware that they haven't won a national championship since 2000. OU supporters aren't accustomed to waiting 15+ years for their next title.
Kirk Ferentz
During their 16 years in Iowa City, Kirk Ferentz has won 10 or more games just four times. The last time they did it was 2009. The Hawkeyes won 10 regular season games and the Orange Bowl. Since then, it's been all they can do to break even in conference play and in 2012 they couldn't even manage that, stumbling to a 4-8 record and missing out on a bowl appearance for the first time since 2000.
The 2014 iteration of the Iowa Hawkeyes wasn't especially talented, but an extremely favorable draw from the Big Ten East made a 4-4 record in conference play difficult to stomach.
So what's Ferentz's master plan for turning things around? Hoping C.J. Beathard and Jake Rudock become the next Aaron Rodgers.
Good luck, Kirk.
Steve Spurrier
If you'd asked South Carolina fans a year ago what they thought about Steve Spurrier, you would've been hard-pressed to unearth anything but obsequious adoration. But minds changed quickly when a top 10 preseason ranking ended in a disappointing 7-6 campaign, underscored by three blown fourth-quarter, two-touchdown leads.
After losing the Clemson for the first time in five years, Spurrier threw the Gamecocks' recruiting efforts into a tailspin by telling the press that they only planned to be around for 2-3 more years. And their reluctance to make badly needed staff changes while other SEC staffs made considerable upgrades has begun to make fans wonder if he's still the right man for the job.
Al Golden
Al Golden dresses like a 10-year-old trying on their dad's work clothes and, as it happens, that's a rather apt metaphor for the work he's done at Miami. With a 16-16 conference record in four seasons with the Hurricanes, Golden is out of their depth at a program that has won five national championships in the lifetime of today's 31-year-old.
Still, Golden seemed to have put all speculation about their job security to bed when the Hurricanes got out to a 6-2 start in 2014, with promising first-year student quarterback Brad Kaaya running the offense. But Miami lost its last five games, stumbling to a 6-7 finish that included a loss to Steve Spurrier's not especially good South Carolina Gamecocks.
Derek Mason
How in the world do you end up on the hot seat after your first year coaching Vanderbilt? Lose all of your conference games by double digits, almost losing to UMass and Charleston Southern, and firing both of your coordinators at the end of the season. That's how.
Mason doesn't need to restore the Commodores to Franklin era adequacy in 2015, but they do need to provide some ray of hope that the SEC isn't going to chew them up and spit them out.
Forget the website troubles, here's something that could throw a real wrench in President Obama's health-care overhaul plans.
A national poll from Harvard University's Institute of Politics of 18- to 29-year-olds finds that less than 30% of consumers in that age group who are currently uninsured plan to sign up for Obamacare. Further, a solid majority of these younger consumers, 56% to 57%, disapprove of the program and now are giving the president their lowest ratings to date.
Bloomberg
The finding is critical because these so-called “invincibles” — comprising roughly 17% of the overall U.S. population — are needed to help spread the risk for insurers. Younger, healthier people on the insurance rolls would help keep premiums lower for the risk pool, and without a significant portion of these consumers, the Affordable Care Act may run into a stall.
However, it should be noted that the poll doesn't include 30- to 35-year-olds, also considered part of the “invincibles” needed to help keep premiums down. And the percentage of 18- to 29-year-olds that don't already have health insurance is relatively small at roughly 22%, the survey says.
Still, of the uninsured in that 18-29 age group, only 13% said they definitely would enroll in Obamacare, while another 16% said they probably would enroll. Another 41% say they are mixed on whether to enroll, but the poll finds that roughly 38% approve of Obamacare.
A side note: A la the recent Jimmy Kimmel experiment asking consumers whether they preferred “Obamacare” or the “Affordable Care Act” — the same thing with different names — the results differed slightly depending on the moniker used. While the Kimmel gag seemed to find more people preferred the “Affordable Care Act,” this survey indicated a leaning toward “Obamacare.” Ten percent of those asked if they would sign up for the ACA and 15% said they probably would enroll.
Follow Russ Britt on Twitter @russbrittmktw
Follow Health Exchange on Twitter @MWHealthBlog
In a recent paper, they and their fellow researchers describe an algorithm they created that is meant to help determine whether an agency adjusted its final rule in reaction to public comments. The algorithm, they say, uncovers key word clusters to measure “regulatory sentiment” as pro-regulation, anti-regulation or neutral, on a scale from -1 to +1, with zero being neutral.
Image Credit Michael Waraksa
If the number assigned to a final rule is different from the proposed one and closer to the number assigned to all the public comments, then it can be inferred that the agency has taken the public's views into account, they say.
Using the algorithm, the researchers analyzed about 60,000 public comments involving 104 proposed and 67 final rules at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission from January 2010 to September 2013. That's when a raft of new rules was proposed in response to the financial crisis. The researchers found that the agency very often heeded the public's views when writing its final rules.
But wait — Professor Kirilenko happens to have been the chief economist for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission from December 2010 to December 2012. Could they perhaps have designed an algorithm that makes them and their former agency look good? They say that the algorithm runs on its own without human tinkering, and that they used the C.F.T.C. data because they were most familiar with it. The algorithm, called RegRank, is meant to serve as a prototype for evaluating the regulations of all federal government agencies, they say.
But a big problem exists with focusing broadly on public comments, says Dennis Kelleher, chief executive of the nonprofit Better Markets, which promotes the public interest in financial markets. An overwhelming majority of comments are “filed directly by the industry, its trade groups and its purchased mouthpieces,” they say. So if an algorithm indicates that regulators have listened to the public, they say, it really means that they are heeding an industry that wants to protect its profits and bonuses. And they say the wording of many financial regulations is so technical that average citizens may not have the ability to comment on them — even though the rules may affect them directly.
That's a fair point, Professor Kirilenko says. The algorithm might help clear the confusion, they say, by identifying and measuring the words that get to the heart of a regulation, thus enabling a wider range of people to offer their opinions. The goal, they say, is to make “the government more accountable using modern technology.”
Rachel Holdsworth
London Underground Vs Tokyo Metro
Photo by Antonio Tajuelo under a Creative Commons licence.
Occasionally, Londonist writers take a trip, and indulge in the excitement offered by cities other than London. And because we're magnificent nerds, that puts us in a grand position to do a subway-off between London and various other cities. Today: Tokyo.
Size
There are nine official Metro lines in Tokyo, but just about everyone would consider the network to include the overground rail lines — including the very popular and indispensable Yamanote line, which does a 21-mile circuit around the city. There are also lines run by private operators, and other lines run by the national operator. It is, in short, a mess (see navigation, below), but it also means the system is huge. Even adding in London's suburban rail services doesn't bring it close.
This is in part because Tokyo is all spread out, with various centres around the city instead of having a London-like compact zone 1 and spreading out in concentric circles. If you want to travel between, say, Shinjuku and the Tokyo Skytree, that's a distance of 11 miles by road and would take 40 minutes on the Metro (a combination of private rail and subway lines). An equivalent distance in London gets you from Finchley Central to Kew Gardens and takes over an hour.
And we haven't even started to comprehend the sheer number of people the Tokyo Metro moves around. The Yamanote line alone carries more passengers per day than the entire London Underground network. 3.5 million people use Shinjuku station every day. Take that, Waterloo, with your 89.4 million passengers a year.
Size result: Tokyo wins
Information and navigation
As we said above, the Tokyo Metro system is enormous. The official map includes the subway lines, Yamanote line, private subway lines and some Japan Rail lines. It makes us want to cry. And even then it doesn't include everything: there was a line we once needed to take to get out to some temple in the suburbs, and we had to find out where it connected by looking it up on Wikipedia because it wasn't mentioned on any English language map. Seriously.
We also find the Tokyo subway map confusing because of how it's attempted to be simple. Each line has a symbol (in English, more or less the letter the line starts with) and each station has a number as well as a name. Except this means that sometimes the same station can have different numbers. Hibiya station is number 09 on the Chiyoda line, 07 on the Hibiya line, 08 on the Toei Mita line and connects up with Yūrakuchō (18 on the Yūrakuchō line). Being used to the most elegant subway map in the world, this feels relentlessly unnecessary.
Once you've worked out where you need to go, however, the system is pretty straightforward. All the station signs are translated into English letters and there are announcements on the train in English. It all gets a bit more complicated when you're not on the actual train, though; Shinjuku station has 200 exits. Station platforms do have handy signs telling you what's at each exit, but still. 200 exits.
Info and navigation result: London wins
This tells you the carriage and door number (as well as spooky alien eyes). That'd be very handy in London, for users of the Station Master app.
Trains
Trains in Tokyo are more like metal tin cans than London's sleek white carriages, but they feel roomier inside (presumably without the constraints of our Victorian deep tube tunnels) and definitely have more standing room. Which is necessary: our friends at the excellent Tokyo Cheapo pointed us towards this document (run it through Chrome's translation widget) which shows how congested rush hour trains are. The Tozai subway line between Monzen-Nakacho and Kiba regularly runs at 199% of capacity. No wonder the stories of station staff pushing people into carriages are true.
But for all that, the experience of riding a Tokyo Metro train is good. You always know where you are, announcements tell you which side the doors open and those other stories of queue lines that the Japanese quietly obey? Absolutely true. No unseemly scrum to board in Tokyo. London commuters could learn a thing or two.
One other thing: the trains play little songs at each station. They appear to be unique to each station and/or line (have a listen to a few: here's one from the Marunouchi line, one from the Fukutoshin line and one from the Yamanote line). Ebisu station uses the theme to The Third Man, because the music was used in Japan on an advert for Ebisu beer. We think this is fricking brilliant — though not everyone agrees.
Trains result: Tokyo wins, for the jingles alone if nothing else.
Décor
Low ceilings, drab colours and, on some lines, waist level barriers that perform the same job as the glass doors on the newer sections of the Jubilee line but without the dignity. A weird preponderance of pillars.
It's fair to say the Tokyo Metro is built for functionality, not beauty. Signage is plain, as is probably only fair when you're trying to squeeze in various alphabets. Even the rather lovely blue Metro logo doesn't make many appearances once you're below street level. But you can always cheer yourself up with spotting the brilliant etiquette signs.
Décor Result: London wins
Tokyo Metro logo, by Cliffano Subagio under a Creative Commons licence.
Fares
Japan's tanking foreign exchange rate makes the Metro a lot cheaper for us Brits than it used to be.
That doesn't make it any less complicated, though. Single fares are calculated based on the distance travelled, between 170 yen (85p) and 310 yen (£1.60). So you're supposed to look at a board like this...
...and work out what to pay. We find it easier to use the equivalent of an Oyster card and let the money be deducted automatically (plus, the fare is ever so slightly cheaper). Even the travelcard system is complicated: there are versions for just the Metro, the Metro plus other private subway lines, those lines plus the JR lines... At this point, we don't even care that the most expensive day ticket only costs about £8. It simply makes our heads explode. Which means that Tokyo may be the only subway system in the world we can go up against and yield this result:
Fares: London wins
Final score
London 3, Tokyo 2. Despite being Londonist we're genuinely surprised at that result, even though we decided the rules ourselves. Disagree? The comments are a mere scroll away.
Marvel may be dragging their feet on a Black Widow solo movie, but Scarlett Johansson‘s already well on their way to sci-fi action stardom. After kicking ass in Luc Besson's Lucy, she's got another big genre film on their hands with Ghost in the Shell, Rupert Sanders‘ live-action adaptation of the iconic Japanese manga. Production on the long-simmering project is finally underway as of this week, and Paramount and DreamWorks have the photo to prove it. Get your Ghost in the Shell first look below.
It's tough to glean too much information from a single still photo of an actor gazing off into the distance, but it's an intriguing shot that suggests a gritty future (in contrast to the Apple Store aesthetic of many other sci-fi movies). And the black wig calls to mind Under the Skin, which is never a bad thing. Sanders knows how to craft striking imagery — for all its flaws, their directorial debut Snow White and the Huntsman at least looked really cool.
As announced by Paramount and DreamWorks, Ghost in the Shell is shooting now in New Zealand. Here's a brief description of the movie and Johansson's role in it.
Based on the internationally-acclaimed sci-fi property, “GHOST IN THE SHELL” follows the Major, a special op, one-of-a-kind human-cyborg hybrid, who leads the elite task force Section 9. Devoted to stopping the most dangerous criminals and extremists, Section 9 is faced with an enemy whose singular goal is to wipe out Hanka Robotic's advancements in cyber technology.
(The Major's full name is Motoko Kusanagi in the manga and anime series, but the filmmakers were probably eager to sidestep the awkwardness of having a white character with a clearly Japanese name.)
Starring with Johansson are Takeshi Kitano as Section 9 chief Daisuke Aramaki; Michael Pitt as Kuze (not the Laughing Man as we previously believed); Pilou Asbæk as the Major's second-in-command Batou; Juliette Binoche as Dr. Ouelet; Kaori Momoi in an unnamed role; and Chin Han, Danusia Samal, Yutaka Izumihara, and Tuwanda Manyimo as various members of Section 9.
Ghost in the Shell is based on the Japanese franchise of the same title, which started as a manga in the late 1980s. The comics gave rise to animated films (including Mamoru Oshii's 1995 movie, a classic in its own right), multiple anime TV series, and video games. DreamWorks' English-language live-action movie is reportedly based on the original manga, rather than the adaptations that followed. The film hits theaters March 31, 2017.
Cheese makes or breaks a pizza. If it's not juicy, gooey and melty then the results can be disastrous. Although there have been many attempts to improve on the original formula, mozzarella still reigns supreme as the perfect cheese for pizza. In fact, it has even been scientifically proven to out-perform cheddar, Colby, Edam, Emmental, Gruyere, and provolone, which are all fairly common alternatives.
So, as an ode to pizza's best friend (which you will find on our pizzas and in our cheesy balls), let's take a look at the story of mozzarella.
Mozzarella is every pizza's best friend. Perfectly gooey and golden every time, it's no wonder that no other cheese has surpassed it since pizza was invented back in 1889. Let's take a look at the story of mozzarella.
Buffalos in Italy
Mozzarella originated in southern Italy. A soft white cheese, it is traditionally made from Italian water buffalo milk using a specific cheese-making technique known as the pasta filata method. As with many ancient foods, there are many theories about how mozzarella first came to be. The story actually begins with how the water buffalo was introduced to Italy. Unsurprisingly, the exact details of this story are a little hazy too. However, there are a few theories.
Many believe that the water buffalo was introduced by the Goths towards the end of the Roman Empire rule. By the 16th century, the population of wild buffalo in southern Italy was booming – largely unspoiled by human intervention.
Around this time, domestication and subsequent farming of the buffalo in the Campania region of southern Italy began to thrive as people increasingly recognised its milk as a suitable alternative to ordinary cow's milk for making dairy products like cheese and butter.
Another popular theory recalls that mozzarella can be traced as far back as the third century when monks from San Lorenzo di Capua handed out bread and self-made cheese called “mozza” to the needy. However, this early variation was made from sheep's milk and so isn't considered traditional “mozzarella di bufala”.
Regardless of where it came from, by the 20th century mozzarella was cherished across Europe and beyond, with the Averso, Caserta region being home of the prized cheese. Back then, the production was, and still is, controlled by two major producers making three different types of mozzarella.
Mozzarella received a Traditional speciality Guaranteed certification from the EU in 1998, which restricts the making of the cheese to a traditional recipe. Interestingly, it doesn't specify what milk needs to be used, so mozzarella can be made from cow's milk too. If you want to go authentic, buffalo milk is the way to go. That being said, in the modern culinary world, a wide variety of mozzarella types are used on pizza. What's most important is how it is made.
Pasta Filata
Mozzarella gets its soft, fibrous texture from a very specific production technique known as pasta filata – which translated roughly to “spun paste” in Italian. This process creates what is known in English as a stretched-curd cheese.
The pasta filata process goes a little like this: the milk is first warmed, which makes it curdle. Then it is allowed to rest for an hour before the curds are cut into small pieces and the remaining liquid – known as whey – is drained off. The curds are then set aside to rest for a while.
After they have rested, the curds are steeped for hours in a bath of very hot whey or water. When making Mozzarella di Bufala Campana the temperature of the whey is 95 °C. When the curds begin to float the liquid is drained. They are then combined, ready to go through a vigorous kneading process until a soft, elastic texture is attained.
According to the Mozzarella di Bufala trade association, “The cheese-maker kneads it with their hands, like a baker making bread, until they obtain a smooth, shiny paste, a strand of which they pull out and lops off, forming the individual mozzarella.”
That's it. Simple and delicious.
Why Is It So Good For Making Pizza?
Back in 2014, an international team of scientists sets out to try and discern what the best cheese for pizza making is. The abstract of the paper said that the aim of the study was to “quantify the pizza baking properties and performance of different types of cheese”.
The study looked at each cheese type's elasticity, oiliness, moisture, water activity, galactose and baking temperature. A slew of different cheeses were analysed including mozzarella, cheddar, Colby, Edam, Emmental, Gruyere, and provolone.
What they found was that mozzarella was scientifically the best cheese for pizza making – the bubbliest, gooiest, meltiest of the lot. “Mozzarella has a lot of elasticity,” study co-author Dr. Bryony James said. “If you look at it under a microscope, you see it has these channels of fat surrounded by protein.”
Yum.
Here are Manoosh we use only the freshest, tastiest ingredients on our pizzas, including the best mozzarella we can get ours hands on (plus some delicious Daiya vegan cheese which is just a good).
If all this talk of delicious, gooey cheese is making you hungry drop by Manoosh or order from us online for some of the the best pizza in Sydney. We guarantee you won't be disappointed.
Share this article
Protests shake Algerian regime
By Alex Lantier
10 February 2011
A national strike by health workers continued yesterday against the military regime of Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika, as protests by unemployed youth and workers spread throughout the country.
The Bouteflika regime has been shaken by the wave of revolutionary workers' struggles taking place across North Africa and the Middle East, particularly in Egypt and Tunisia. According to a February 5 communiqué of the ruling National Liberation Front (FLN), Bouteflika announced that the conditions of emergency rule imposed 19 years ago—at the beginning of the Algerian civil war—would soon be suspended.
The Algerian regime was hit last month by a series of youth riots against high food costs linked to government subsidy cuts and rising world food prices.
Yesterday, nurses and paramedics continued an indefinite national strike begun the day before. The striking health care workers are providing only a minimum level of basic and emergency services. The regime has declined to negotiate with the smaller Algerian Paramedics Union (SAP), preferring to deal with the official UGTA (General Union of Algerian Workers).
The paramedics have little confidence in negotiations with state authorities, however. One sign at a demonstration outside the Burn Clinic in Algiers read, “Stop hemorrhaging promises.”
According to media reports, the overwhelming majority of the 100,000 workers in the health care sector are participating in the strike. They are demanding pay increases, the integration of their training program into the university system, and the reinstatement of union delegates who have been fired.
SAP spokesperson Lounes Ghachi explained: “Hospital directors have been told to stop the strike with threats and intimidation, but they have not managed to dent the determination of the paramedics.”
Yesterday, laid off temp workers at the state-run ENAD chemical plant in Sour-El-Ghozlane protested outside company headquarters, demanding their jobs back. The layoffs took place beginning last March. According to interviews in Liberté, the workers are threatening to commit suicide if their demands are not met.
The plant manager told Liberté that they refused to rehire the workers. “I never promised to take them back,” they said.
Unemployed youth are also blockading the National Route (RN) highways that connect a number of Algeria's cities. Youth in Naciria and Bordj-Menaïel (Boumerdès) blockaded RN 12 yesterday demanding jobs and payment of a monthly unemployment allowance of 12,000 DA, or roughly €120.
In previous days, there have been reports of violent police clashes with unemployed youth demanding jobs on RN12 near Naciria, on the RN3 between Skikda and Constantine, and with 200 youth on the Algiers-Tizi Ouzou road.
Workers at the “la Vallée” milk plant in Tazmalt have also closed the Bejaïa-Algiers road, demanding the reinstatement of 40 workers sacked when orders for powdered milk fell.
The entire political establishment is preparing for an upsurge of social struggle in Algeria. There are reports of large-scale shipments of tear gas and riot gear arriving in the port of Algiers. Meanwhile, seeking to channel the anger among workers and youth along the lines most harmless to the Algerian elite, the official “opposition” has belatedly called a protest rally.
The National Coordination for Change and Democracy (CNCD)—a coalition of human-rights, unions, and official “opposition” parties tolerated by the Bouteflika regime, like the Rally for Culture and Democracy (RCD)—has announced plans for a one-day march on February 12 in Algiers. Algiers district authorities have formally refused a permit for the march, but the CNCD said it will march anyway.
It appears that the authorities are using the march to help identify discontented youth and gauge opposition to the regime. According to Radio Kalima, local officials around Algiers are organizing meetings with youth and “associations or youth groups” that may participate in the rally, asking them not to attend.
“Reports on these discussions will be presented to the mayors of the Algiers district, who will transmit them immediately to the Interior Ministry who is coordinating the anti-rally operation on February 12,” the radio station explained.
The main fear of both the regime and the official opposition is the mass entry of the working class into revolutionary struggle against the regime, as has occurred in Egypt.
In an interview with the leading daily El Watan, lawyer and human rights activist Mokrane Aït Larbi wrote: “One does not have to be a great specialist to observe that the regime has no popular legitimacy and that the opposition is weak and compromised, that is to say nonexistent.”
Larbi added that “the change of the system by an insurrectional movement cannot be excluded,” warning that they wanted any change to be “pacific.”
These comments, reflecting fears in privileged middle-class layers of an independent movement by the working class, were echoed more explicitly in a pessimistic article by RCD leader Saïd Saidi in Causeur.
“In 2010 there were 9700 riots of various sizes in Algeria,” Saidi wrote. “If one adds that the middle classes that accompanied and channeled the revolution in Tunisia virtually do not exist in Algeria, the conclusion is clear. The stubbornness of the regime together with long-suppressed popular exasperation can produce an explosion that will have unprecedented national and regional consequences.”
Their article, titled “Algeria: the historic impasse,” ended with a remarkable summation of the dead end of Algerian petty-bourgeois nationalism—the political philosophy of the FLN in its war against French imperialism, and of Saidi as well.
“Algerian national consciousness, young and fragile, was born from the resistance to colonization [i.e. by the French] that pulverized social norms and communitarian values,” they explained. “The even more massive predation by the [current] regime—made possible by the greater available resources—has generated a fury that the exodus of managers and youth does not manage to dissolve. In truth, we are in a historic impasse.”
This is indeed the historic situation confronting the military regimes of North Africa, their official “opposition” parties, and their “human-rights” adjuncts, as the working class moves into revolutionary struggle across the region.
Could this be the new MacBook Pro? [img] Joshua Schnell | Thursday, July 14th, 2011
The above image, along with two more images popped up in our inbox just now, showing what appears to be the next unibody MacBook Pro. The tipster managed to allegedly track down these images on Apple's website using a script, and grab the files before they disappeared again. The differences are subtle, so pay super close attention to the arrow keys. The new “version” is clearly showing off Lion as well, and quite immaculately, should this turn out to be fake.
We can't vouch for the veracity of the images, but we do have to say that the images look mighty legitimate, especially when compared to the images currently on Apple's website. How can you tell the current MacBook Pro from the images attached above? Well, just above the arrow keys there are home and end buttons on the “new” version. Also, the buttons don't look like a quick copy and paste job. Instead the lighting and pixels are quite different from button to button.
Super Close-up
I have to say, one of the biggest things that annoyed me after making the switch a couple of years ago was the lack of Home and End keys on the keyboard, as well as the lack of a forward moving delete button. If this turns out to be true — and again that's a big if — it could solve a couple of immediate problems that switchers may notice. If Lion is about cashing in on the halo effect from iOS, then we may see some changes to the hardware that makes the switch just a little bit easier for those coming from the beige box world.
Again, speculation, but take it or what it's worth. We should also point out that you can use a keyboard shortcut to replicate the “home” and “end” buttons currently on the Mac. Hitting the CMD key and the left arrow at the same time acts like a home button; whereas the CMD key and the right arrow at the same time acts like the end key.
We'll let you know if we get a cease and desist from Apple …
Note: We don't normally do this kind of stuff, so we're treading lightly here, but we thought this image was interesting enough to pass on no matter what the legitimacy of the image may be, so take it for what it's worth.
Hat Tip to Jon Levi for sending this in
The Affordable Care Act and Part-Time Employment: A Family-Friendly Policy
For Immediate Release: September 11, 2014
Contact: Alan Barber, (202) 293-5380 x115
Washington DC - A new paper from the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) provides details on an interesting trend in part-time employment over the last year. In the months leading up to the opening of the ACA exchanges, some critics argued that the law would increase involuntary part-time employment. The rationale most often suggested was that employers would cut back workers' hours to less than 30 per week to avoid penalties associated with not providing insurance under the ACA. However, involuntary part-time employment been trending downward throughout the recovery.
Voluntary part-time employment, though, did increase in the first six months of 2014 compared to the first six months of 2013. The paper gives a breakdown of the distribution of part-time employment by age, gender, and whether or not the household has children. The data show that the biggest increase in voluntary part-time employment is for young people with children. This would be consistent with a story where many workers who previously needed to work full-time to get health care insurance at their job are taking the option of buying insurance on the exchanges and working part-time jobs in order to have more time to be with young children.
This ending of job lock was an important goal of the ACA . This evidence in this paper indicates that workers are beginning to take advantage of the freedom from not being dependent on a job for their family's health care insurance.
The full paper can be found here.
###
Beer drinkers accuse Anheuser-Busch of watering down brews
Former employees at the company's 13 breweries -- including some in high-level positions -- are cooperating with the plaintiffs, said San Rafael, Calif., lawyer Josh Boxer, the lead attorney in the case.
The lawsuits, filed in the last week in California, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, said the brewing giant cheated consumers by listing a higher alcohol content than the beers actually contained.
Beer drinkers in three U.S. states filed lawsuits accusing brewing giant Anheuser-Busch of watering down and mislabeling Budweiser, Michelob and other brands to cut costs.
“Our information comes from former employees at Anheuser-Busch, who have informed us that as a matter of corporate practice, all of their products [mentioned in the lawsuit] are watered down,” Boxer said, according to the Associated Press. “It's a simple cost-saving measure, and it's very significant.”
The excess water is added just before bottling and cuts the stated alcohol content by 3% to 8%, they said.
Anheuser-Busch InBev called the claims “groundless” and said its beers fully comply with labeling laws.
“Our beers are in full compliance with all alcohol labeling laws. We proudly adhere to the highest standards in brewing our beers, which have made them the best-selling in the U.S. and the world,” Peter Kraemer, vice president of brewing and supply, said in a statement.
Anheuser-Busch, based in St. Louis, Mo., merged with InBev in 2008 to form the world's largest alcohol producer, headquartered in Belgium. In 2011, the company produced 22 billion gallons of alcoholic beverages, 3 billion of them in the U.S., and reported $22 billion in profits, the lawsuit said.
According to the lawsuit, the company has sophisticated equipment that measures the alcohol content throughout the brewing process and is accurate to within one-hundredth of a percent. But after the merger, the company increasingly chose to dilute its popular brands of beer, the lawsuit alleged.
“Following the merger, AB vigorously accelerated the deceptive practices ... sacrificing the quality products once produced by Anheuser-Busch in order to reduce costs,” said the lead lawsuit, filed Friday in federal court in San Francisco.
Boxer told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that the plaintiffs did not independently test the alcohol content in the beers. That was a significant omission, said Eric Shepard, executive editor of Beer Marketer's Insights.
"Right now, I'm skeptical," Shepard told the Post-Dispatch. "Brewers and other large companies are often the targets of class-action lawsuits, and A-B wouldn't have had its vice president of brewing Peter Kraemer come out with their statement if they weren't confident in their standing."
ALSO:
Samuel Adams beer now in a can
Beer bars in Southern California feud about common name
Craft brewers say new glass makes their beer taste better
Follow Stuart Pfeifer on Twitter
One week after their startup's abrupt closure, Buttercoin CEO Cedric Dahl says the wider community should be careful to learn from their experience at the helm of the US bitcoin marketplace.
Despite accruing an impressive list of investors, including Google Ventures, Centralway Ventures and Y Combinator, Dahl suggested that it was Buttercoin‘s affiliation with larger investment firms that ultimately left it less able to adapt in a changing bitcoin ecosystem.
They told CoinDesk:
“The big lesson is that you cannot rely on venture. You have to make a product that is self sustaining.”
Founded in 2013, Buttercoin raised $1.3m in funding, capital that helped make the startup ‘one to watch' in a crowded market. However, in hindsight Dahl wouldn't have tried to raise venture funds at all, they said, calling the decision a “tactical mistake”.
“There's much more seed money out there. It's much easier to raise, whereas with venture, if you're not able to get it, the funding is over. With seed and angel money, you can keep going,” they continued.
Since the move, some of the company's more high-profile customers have already reported switching marketplace providers, with MegaBigPower‘s Dave Carlson entering a business relationship with Boost VC-backed startup Hedgy.
Buttercoin's last full day of operations was 10th April, with employees scheduled to depart at close of business on 15th April.
Supply and demand
In interview, Dahl talked at length about their regret that they didn't bootstrap the company, instead trying to raise “a significant amount” early on.
“What I should've done is really start with a fraction of what I would actually need and once you have enough demand, raise more,” Dahl said.
Still, Dahl warned that having traction in the marketplace isn't everything, as they believe Buttercoin was able to achieve an active user base despite opening to the public roughly five months ago.
“At the end of the day, we built a great product that had real growth that was growing between 10–25% per week,” Dahl said.
Dahl also suggested the decline in the price of bitcoin was a factor in funding, noting that their initial fundraising took place when the price of bitcoin was at or near $1,000, compared to its current value of $220 at press time.
Consolidation to continue
Dahl also discussed the need for bitcoin industry executives to strike a balance between “reality and perception,” noting that both are equally important when dealing with potential investors.
“Perception is important,” Dahl continued, adding that they expect companies to raise funds without introducing products because of this factor.
The most likely targets for this funding, they suggested, would be first-time bitcoin investors or firms looking to capitalize on the big opportunities in the space. Further, they said that investment is likely to be split between large venture rounds and smaller seed investments, though all in line with an overall trend of consolidation.
“If you look at the money this year, 50% has gone to two companies. That's a rough figure and I think you'll continue to see this distribution where fewer companies get more.”
Dahl went so far as to predict an environment where the number of bitcoin wallet providers is whittled down to a handful of well-capitalized winners.
“I think that you'll find there's going to be a really big consolidation in the space,” they added.
‘Moonshot' option on table
Despite the formal announcement, Dahl suggested that they aren't ruling out a last-minute bid to save the company or secure an exit for investors.
“We're trying to do the best we can by our team and our investors, we're pursuing every option possible to get compensation,” they said.
Overall, Dahl expressed their thanks to their team which they commended for handling both the scaling up, and subsequent winding down, of Buttercoin professionally. Going forward, Dahl indicated they would also seek to make themselves available as a resource to aspiring bitcoin entrepreneurs.
Dahl concluded:
“At the end of the day, I'm super proud of the team we put together and the product we've built.”
Caution tape image via Shutterstock
A woman walks out of the Hotel Nipton in Nipton, Calif., on Aug. 3. (John Locher/AP)
Roxanne Lang likes to joke that Nipton, Calif., the tiny town their late husband bought decades ago, is “conveniently located in the middle of nowhere.”
Indeed Nipton is isolated, situated on the northern edge of a vast national park with little but 60 miles of desert between itself and Las Vegas, the nearest major city. Its permanent residents number about 20, and the only businesses are a general store, an Old West-style hotel and a coffee shop.
But where some may see a ghost town, others see a blank slate.
Nipton went up for sale last year with a $5 million price tag, and last week, Lang found a buyer: American Green Inc., one of the country's leading makers of cannabis products.
The company, which announced the sale on Thursday, says it plans to convert Nipton into a weed lover's oasis in the desert, complete with marijuana retail outlets, cultivation facilities and even cannabis mineral baths. In American Green's words, it will be a “cannabis-friendly hospitality destination” and a “hub for the production of cannabis-based products.”
The sale is still in escrow and the final price was not disclosed. Negotiations took more than four months, according to American Green, which claims it's the first company to buy an entire town with an eye toward cashing in on cannabis tourism. The company said it took an interest in Nipton in part because of its position on a rail line and highway that run from Los Angeles to Las Vegas to Salt Lake City. The sale includes the town's businesses, a recreational vehicle park, a schoolhouse and two houses on 120 acres of land.
American Green executives said in a statement they intend to make Nipton energy-independent and tap into a nearby aquifer to produce bottled water infused with CBD, a non-psychoactive cannabis compound that has been shown to have some medical benefits. Makers of marijuana edibles and cannabis extracts have already expressed interest in setting up facilities, the statement said, and other attractions could include a bed-and-breakfast, artist-in-residency programs and culinary events.
The company's leaders envision the town at the forefront of a “green rush” in the cannabis industry. Hopefully, project manager Stephen Shearin told Bloomberg, the effort will inspire similar outposts elsewhere.
“We thought that showing that there was a viable means of having a cannabis-friendly municipality and further making it energy independent could be a way of really inspiring folks to say, ‘Why can't we do that here?'” they said.
If anything, American Green's plans fit a sort of tradition of experimentation that has been part of Nipton's history since its founding more than a century ago.
According to the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Nipton started as a camp for wagon trains and ranchers crossing the Ivanpah Valley in the early 1900s, then transformed into a railroad and mining outpost when train tracks connected it to Salt Lake City, 480 miles northeast, and Los Angeles, 230 miles southwest. The town was transferred to a homesteader in 1940 and passed through six different owners over the following four decades, according to the Review-Journal.
A woman leaves the Nipton Trading Post on Aug. 3. (John Locher/AP)
In 1985, a geologist named Gerald Freeman — husband of the current owner — purchased Nipton for a reported $200,000. At the time it was a ragtag crossroads with no inhabitants, but Freeman told the Los Angeles Times they saw “a little place to make a home.” They set out slowly developing the town, refurbishing its hotel and general store, building a park for RVs and campers and eventually installing solar panels for power. Over time, it became a popular oddity in that part of the desert, drawing bikers, hikers, campers and other curious travelers. The year-round population typically hovers around two dozen people.
Around 2010, Freeman embarked on a project to turn Nipton into a hamlet for clean energy, as the New York Times has reported. In addition to an 80-kilowatt solar array, Freeman planted eucalyptus trees for biomass energy and built a group of canvas “eco cabins” with wood-burning stoves and swamp coolers.
By 2016, Freeman was facing health problems that prevented them from working, so they and Lang, their wife, decided to sell the town.
“We don't have anybody to take it over,” Lang told the Review-Journal in January 2016. “It's been a passion and a love for him, but we have to let go. There's so much that can be done. Someone needs to come in with a lot of energy. It is such a special place.”
The couple added that they hoped to sell it to “someone who's committed to sustainability of the human race.”
Freeman didn't live to see the sale. They died in September 2016 at 83, according to the Review-Journal. Their obituary described Nipton as a “labor of love.”
After the town's sale was made public last week, some locals seemed to welcome the idea of a cannabis company taking it over. Carl Cavaness, a recent Nipton transplant, told the Desert Sun that they could see marijuana benefiting the town.
“I thought that would be a good idea for here. We get a lot of traffic through here that doesn't stop. … There's a ton of money in it,” Cavaness said. Their one concern, they added, was whether he'd be able to continue renting RV space from the current owner.
Lang told the Associated Press that their late husband wouldn't have objected to American Green's plans to build a cannabis-friendly outpost.
“I think they would find a lot of humor in that,” they said.
More from Morning Mix
Hackers post stolen HBO ‘Game of Thrones' scripts online, demand bitcoin ransom
Airbnb boots white nationalists headed to ‘Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville
A painting of Lady Liberty in hijab hangs in member of congress's office. Despite protests, they say it'll stay.
Residents of an exclusive San Francisco street didn't pay their taxes. So someone bought their street.
Unless you've already read them, you should check out part 1 and part 2 of this review which cover some other hop-tastic IPAs. And don't forget to recommend me some of your personal favorites in the comments; I'm always looking for face full of hops, and if you know of an IPA to rival the quality of either The Alchemist's ‘Heady Topper' or Dogfish Head's '90 Minute IPA', please be so kind as to inform me (maybe you'll get a mention if I ever review it!).
– – –
'90 MINUTE IPA' – DOGFISH HEAD – Imperial IPA -9.00% ABV (Eye Choir's Top Choice)
Appearance: Poured a rich, perfectly transparent orange brown with a two finger, eggshell head which is quite persistent. Small amount of carbonation is visible. 4.5/5
Smell: Aroma is a well-crafted bomb of hops: pine, grapfruit, orange, and apricot, supported by various mild fruit esters. This is along with a very strong backbone of cakey caramel malt. There are also notes of earthiness and spiciness that provide a incredibly deep aroma. 5/5
Taste: Because of the large amount of malt involved, quite sweet for an IPA. But there is also more than enough bitterness to balance it out. Perhaps a touch more sweet than I'd normally prefer, but it helps bring out nuts, carob, and toffee in malt flavors so it's not just another hop-monster. 4.5/5
Mouthfeel: Medium bodied, but full and impressively smooth. Has a juicy/oily mouthfeel that accentuate the fruitiness of the hops. Quite a bit of alcoholic heat is noticeable. The sweet and bitter qualities are balanced perfectly from the start to the long, intense finish. 5/5
Overall: Incredibly strong tasting, with a deep and mystifying yet well-balanced profile of flavors. Extremely drinkable, all the same. 5/5
– – –
‘RED'S RYE PA' – FOUNDERS – American IPA – 6.60% ABV
Appearance: Poured a dark red-brown with a light brown, one finger head. Moderate carbonation is visible but there is no haziness or sediment. 3.5/5
Smell: Immediate strong herbal, almost peppery hops and spicy rye, with a background of dank tobacco, resin, grapefruit, and some milder caramel malts. The hop profile is unusual compared to a lot of other IPAs and the rye notes certainly emphasizes these unusual aromas. 4/5
Taste: Fairly bitter with a surprisingly heavy malt flavor towards, though the rye flavor takes a back seat. A very faint sweetness is present throughout, evoking fresh bread notes, though the finish is quite dry. Reasonably balanced, though the flavors don't seem to bring much more out from the initial aroma. 3.5/5
Mouthfeel: Moderate to light bodied and moderately carbonated, with a light alcohol taste which gives the drink some weight. The finish is long and clean, though the hop flavors recede a bit too quickly to make use of this. 3.5/5
Overall: Well balanced flavors, though the rye flavor is weaker than expected. A little on the average side, especially for such an esteemed brewing company, but still very drinkable. 3.5/5
– – –
‘ODYSSEY' – SLY FOX – Imperial IPA – 8.40% ABV
Appearance: Poured a moderate amber with a two finger, light tan head. The body is quite light and clear, showing off a mild to moderate amount of carbonation. 3.5/5
Smell: Has an interesting hop aroma which is quite floral with overtones of orange zest and mild earthy herbs. This is balanced by a surprisingly strong backbone of caramel malt with notes of whole grain cracker which suit the strong but calm hop character. Pretty unique, though nothing totally unusual. 4/5
Taste: Only moderate bitterness contrasted against mild to moderate toffee sweetness, with a touch of tartness that brings out a number of fruits including peach and mango. The lack of ferocity in the hops go well with these qualities but are perhaps a bit mild for the designation of ‘Imperial IPA'. Balanced but at times even a little bit straightforward. 3.5/5
Mouthfeel: Medium body with a bit of sharp carbonation and alcohol heat that provide a bit of zest under the soft melange of fruit and mild hops. Slight oiliness that underscores the laid back nature of this brew. 4/5
Overall: Fairly interesting, if a little austere, along with a good sense of balance, though this unfortunately understates the hop character at times. Easy to drink, but could stand to be a little bolder. 3.5/5
– – –
‘CENTENNIAL IPA' – FOUNDERS – American IPA – 7.20% ABV
Appearance: Poured a transparent copper-brown with a one finger, light beige head. There is a very sparse amount of fine sediment as well as a little carbonation. 4/5
Smell: A fresh hop aroma dominates, with notes of grapefruit and spicy cedarwood needles. Underneath are some fainter fruit aromas including orange and guava, as well as a mild but distinctive biscuity caramel malt aroma. Very striking and enticing. 4.5/5
Taste: Moderate bitterness that starts on the strong side, with mild to moderate sweetness which shows off a little caramel malt in addition to a touch of tartness which unlocks a whole palette of citrus fruits. The overlap between dusty pine and fruity citrus, as well as between the citrus and sweet malts makes for a dynamic flavor. 4/5
Mouthfeel: Medium body with a smooth mouthfeel offset by a fair amount of prickly carbonation that helps balance the sweetness of the first few sips. There is also a very faint alcoholic heat that strikes a nice balance with the fruit flavors. 4/5
Overall: Not an overly intense or bitter IPA, but it has some very well-balanced and unique flavors that are presented very effectively. Surprisingly drinkable, though by no means a session beer. 4/5
Advertisements
WordPress has quickly become the go-to solution for creating web sites and blogs on the internet today. However, is this a massive trend that is getting out of control? Does every site you create need to have a full WordPress installation behind it, along with a custom theme and premium plugins?
For anyone that is currently running a number of WordPress sites, it's definitely something that you can relate with. This is especially true if you wanted to create a quick website with only a few pages or one that you aren't going to load up with a lot of content and update often. Web site hosting and site creation platforms like Duda are making it easy for businesses and brands to get online, without the need to learn and fidget around with WordPress. And this actually makes good sense, as many brands just want to ‘get online and make sales'.
I personally run a lot of WordPress sites and love how it's been able to transform my business for the better, but it might not always be the best solution for others out there. A perfect example of this is when I created a social media resource site that went on to generate over $800,000 profit in just four months. The crazy thing about that site is that it was 100% HTML! It was also actually the last site I created by hand before getting active with WordPress.
What I'm getting at, is that there are plenty of ways to create websites and WordPress might not always be the best solution. Here are a few reasons why.
WordPress Can Be Overwhelming
As simple as WordPress might be to existing bloggers and users of the platform, to someone brand new it can definitely be overwhelming. This is especially true if you don't have a web hosting provider that has one-click installations. The idea of downloading software, creating a database and just looking at the manual set up process is enough to quickly turn someone away.
Many local businesses and brands will hire a web developer to get their sites online. More often than not, WordPress is used as the platform of choice for getting that done. However, when it comes to the management and updating of the site, if this is something the business wants to do, they are going to need to learn WordPress.
Again, keep in mind — in this scenario, the business ‘simply wants to be online' and not ‘be a web designer'.
WordPress is Free, but Can Also Be Costly
As we all know, the WordPress CMS is free to download and used to create your site. However, who wants to just use WordPress and the bare bones it comes with? With this in mind, there might be quite a few hidden costs that arise as you continue to develop your site. This is especially true if you decide to go with a free web hosting service, which I never recommend! Not only would you have no ownership over your content, it would also just look extremely unprofessional in the process.
After going live with your hosted version of a WordPress site, many people will find they need a premium or custom theme to make sure they stand out from the crowd. They may also soon find that that need to hire a programmer or designer to make simple customizations, simply because they don't know how to use the platform orÂ do simple coding. Throw premium WordPress plugins into the mix and you can rack up these costs even more.
While these costs are usually quite minimal, they are often unexpected to site owners and bloggers who thought they were going to get by with a ‘free' site builder and CMS solution.
Better Options in Site Building for Professionals
Don't get more wrong, WordPress is great and it's completely changed the way content creation and websites are made on the internet today. However, it's not for everyone. This can easily be seen through all of the online advertisements and television commercials for competing hosting and site design solutions that offer simple drag-and-drop solutions. Most businesses and brands want to get online with a site of their own, then move into the focus of content promotion and growing their business. While there are some pages that every site should have, these are still quite easy to create and add to a site without the need of a full WordPress installation driving your site. That's where many of these other solutions are far superior to WordPress and trying to run everything on your own.
To back up this statement even more, we can take a look at a few case studies from Duda that show the many different ways a transition from a WordPress type of platform to a service-based site builder can improve not only on-site experience but also how fast a site ranks and can increase user engagement and conversions as well.
WebAct cut site development by 50% after switching from WordPress to Duda's responsive website builder.
Conscious Commerce brought down website costs from $3,000 to $300 per site and reduced development time by 75 percent.
The Gladly increased total number of Reserve a Table clicks by 70 percent between August and September 2014 with the simple addition of a Notification Bar personalization rule.
Each of the case studies and improvements made to the site was possible through the use of a solution that had everything in place, without the need to download software, and to purchase additional themes or plugins. While there are similar case studies and methods to improve a site's performance with WordPress, for most brands and professionals, the requirement for learning a new platform isn't possible.
Before creating your next website, be sure to consider your options outside of WordPress. As great as it may seem, it might not always be the best option around.
Click Here To Download John Chow's New eBook, The Ultimate Online Profit Model!
Baltimore City is again short on school teachers, less than a month before the first day of classes. For the second year in a row, Baltimore City is scrambling to hire new teachers. A job fair is scheduled Thursday to recruit more educators. The Office of Human Capital is preparing for what it hopes will be an influx of new applicants.
Advertisement Baltimore job fair seeks to fill teacher jobs Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Baltimore City is again short on school teachers, less than a month before the first day of classes.For the second year in a row, Baltimore City is scrambling to hire new teachers. A job fair is scheduled Thursday to recruit more educators.The Office of Human Capital is preparing for what it hopes will be an influx of new applicants."We are about 98 percent staffed," said DeRay Mckesson, interim head of human capital at Baltimore City Public Schools.It's the other 2 percent that has city school officials worried. Despite a big job fair held a year ago, the district still came up short."There will always be turnover in the district because people retire, people choose to work other places. Our goal is to make sure we are staffed for all those situations. So we'll always be hiring, and we'll always be recruiting to make sure every kid has a great teacher," Mckesson said.Baltimore City is looking to fill some its most-critical teaching positions for subject like mathematics, English, special education, foreign language and career technology education.Amanda Rice, principal at Waverly Elementary-Middle School, said she'll be looking beyond the resume for the right fit."I'm looking for people who are willing to sacrifice for our kids, who are willing to bring extra to our students. It's not about the nine-to-five day. It's what you are going to do after school and before school to really bond and make relationships with our kids," Rice said.The push for more teachers is one of the top priorities of the city's new school CEO, Sonja Santelises, who was hired in the spring.Jimmy Gittings, president of the Baltimore City Public School Administrators and Supervisors Association, said he's confident Santelises will deal with the staffing issues."A CEO has to come in and make changes, and I have to respect that, but those changes need to be beneficial to our students, teachers and our administrators," Gittings said.District officials said they are also in desperate need of substitute teachers.The job fair is scheduled for Thursday from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Excel Academy at the Francis M. Wood High School complex on West Saratoga Street. Tap here for more information about the job fair.Get the WBAL-TV News App
On May 21, 1917, the city of Atlanta was yet again ablaze, barely a half-century after it was burned to the ground by the Union Army.
The Great Atlanta Fire of 1917 started 99 years ago when a pile of mattresses ignited at the Skinner Storage Company warehouse on Decatur Street in the Old Fourth Ward, according to Creative Loafing. Before long, the blaze was being pushed north by winds, fueled by flammable materials inside other factories, WABE said.
Factor in a complete absence of sprinkler systems and homes with wooden shingles standing in the fire's path, and the situation had all the necessary ingredients for a full-blown disaster.
(More: SunTrust Park construction, May update)
“It really was a perfect storm,” urban historian Kit Sutherland told WABE.
Making matters even worse was the fact that the city's hydrants had low water pressure and the fire trucks were drawn by horses, WABE also said. The horses struggled to keep up with the demands of the job, and when the fire claimed the area's telephone lines, crews had no way to communicate, the report added.
“Babies rode atop huge delivery wagons with their mothers holding handfuls of quickly-snatched belongings,” said a New York Times article from the next day. “Men in their shirtsleeves, who had fought the fire on neighboring houses, believing that it would not reach their own homes, escaped with only the clothes they wore, and many finally were forced to seek a safety zone to hunt for hours for their families who had preceded them out of the burning area.”
Just hours after the fire began its march north from poor black neighborhoods, it threatened the affluent areas near Ponce de Leon Avenue. At that point, the city's leaders decided the blaze had to be stopped at all costs, and they employed a very interesting technique as they tried to halt the fire.
According to Atlanta Magazine, authorities decided to dynamite homes between Ponce and the fire's location at the time because they thought it would choke the fire out. Yes, it worked, but the damage was done.
(More: A YouTube channel all Atlantans should check out)
In the city of a little over 100,000, more than 10,000 were left homeless, according to Atlanta Magazine. The inferno destroyed 1,938 buildings and torched 300 acres of land, the report added.
Many of those left homeless camped in Piedmont Park for weeks following the fire, Atlanta Magazine also said.
Damage estimates were as high as $5 million from the fire, a very large total for the time, WABE reported. One woman died from shock, the only death in the disaster, the New York Times report also said. Although it took decades for some of the affected neighborhoods to recover, Atlanta's homes were never again constructed using wooden shingles thanks to stricter building codes.
All images via Wikimedia Commons
Back to home page
Advertisements
Labor unions are breaking with President Obama on ObamaCare.
Months after the president's reelection, a variety of unions are publicly balking at how the administration plans to implement the landmark law. They warn that unless there are changes, the results could be catastrophic.
ADVERTISEMENT
The United Food and Commercial Workers International Union (UFCW) — a 1.3 million-member labor group that twice endorsed Obama for president — is very worried about how the reform law will affect its members' healthcare plans.
Last month, the president of the United Union of Roofers, Waterproofers and Allied Workers released a statement calling “for repeal or complete reform of the Affordable Care Act.”
UNITE HERE, a prominent hotel workers' union, and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters are also pushing for changes.
In a new op-ed published in The Hill, UFCW President Joe Hansen homed in on the president's speech at the 2009 AFL-CIO convention. Obama at the time said union members could keep their insurance under the law, but Hansen writes “that the president's statement to labor in 2009 is simply not true for millions of workers.”
Republicans have long attacked Obama's promise that “nothing in this plan will require you to change your coverage or your doctor.” But the fact that unions are now noting it as well is a clear sign that supporters of the law are growing anxious about the law's implementation.
More from The Hill
• Senate Judiciary Committee advances immigration reform bill
• In tornado's wake, Capitol Hill lawmakers grapple with questions about aid
• IRS official to plead the Fifth before House Oversight panel
Many UFCW members have what are known as multi-employer or Taft-Hartley plans. According to the administration's analysis of the Affordable Care Act, the law does not provide tax subsidies for the roughly 20 million people covered by the plans. Union officials argue that interpretation could force their members to change their insurance and accept more expensive and perhaps worse coverage in the state-run exchanges.
Hansen, who is also the head of the Change to Win labor federation, told The Hill that their members often negotiate with their employers to receive better healthcare services instead of higher wages. Those bargaining gains could be wiped away because some employers won't have the incentive to keep their workers' multi-employer plans without tax subsidies.
“You can't have the same quality healthcare that you had before, despite what the president said,” Hansen said. “Now what's going to happen is everybody is going to have to go to private for-profit insurance companies. We just don't think that's right. ... We just want to keep what we already have and what we bought at tremendous cost.”
If the administration were to expand the subsidies to cover the Taft-Hartley plans, it's likely that the price tag for ObamaCare would rise, though it's unclear by how much.
Union angst over the healthcare law is being matched by some Democrats on Capitol Hill. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus Max Sieben BaucusOvernight Defense: McCain honored in Capitol ceremony | Mattis extends border deployment | Trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms Congress gives McCain the highest honor Judge boots Green Party from Montana ballot in boost to Tester MORE (D-Mont.) has said the law's implementation could be a “train wreck,” while other senior Democrats, including House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.), have expressed reservations.
Both parties agree that ObamaCare is going to be a major issue in the 2014 midterm elections, especially because the bulk of the law is scheduled to go into effect on Jan. 1 next year.
Labor recently shared its concerns with senior Democrats.
Earlier this month, the subject of how multi-employer health plans would be treated under ObamaCare was brought up at a private May 8 meeting between union leaders and the Senate Democratic Steering and Outreach Committee.
“A number of people were making this point at that meeting. People said that their members are upset about this and the more they learn about it, the more upset they are,” said one union official.
“I was pretty blunt about it,” said Hansen. “I told them it was a very serious issue. That it was wrong. Taft-Hartley plans should be deemed as qualified healthcare providers and I also said it's going to have political repercussions if we don't get this fixed.”
Hansen wants the Obama administration to use its regulatory powers to address the matter; a legislative remedy is all but impossible in the divided 113th Congress.
“When [the Obama administration] started writing the rules and regulations, we just assumed that Taft-Hartley plans — that workers covered by those plans, especially low-wage workers — would be eligible for the subsidies and stay in their plans and they're not,” Hansen said.
Union anger on multi-employer plans has been percolating for months. In January, The Wall Street Journal reported that UNITE HERE and the Teamsters were pressing the administration. UFCW was also mentioned in that report.
Asked why they decided to raise the volume on their worries about ObamaCare, Hansen said they needed to speak out in support of their members.
“I owe it to my members to do everything I can to see if we can make this law better,” Hansen said.
They added, “[Administration officials] have given us a lot of time and attention. We just don't agree and I still think that I have taken the correct position. They have been responsive as far as trying to get the meetings. It's just we can't get it across the finish line and we need to do that.”
Hansen, however, said they have no regrets about endorsing Obama or supporting the healthcare reform law. UFCW is a major Democratic donor, contributing to several of the party's candidates and giving to last year's convention in Charlotte, N.C., and this year's inauguration.
The union president said changes to their members' health insurance might lead to problems at the ballot box for candidates.
“What happens in 2014 could be at issue here. ... There is going to be a lot of disenchantment with how did this happen and who was in power when it happened. No matter what I say, that's going to be there,” Hansen said. “They are upset already and it hasn't even taken effect already.”
Sam Baker contributed to this report.
Apple's Very Different Approaches to VR and AR
Reading Time: 6 minutes
This week saw the culmination of what I think of as developer season, as Apple held the last of the big developer conferences of the year, following earlier events from Facebook, Microsoft, and Google. Augmented and virtual reality were themes at each of those earlier conferences, as I outlined for subscribers on Monday, but Apple had been silent on each of these two big areas until now at its public events. Monday's keynote, though, saw big announcements around both these areas, giving Apple a role in AR and VR, and yet its approach to these two markets is very different, and it's worth looking at how and why.
The State of the Market
As I wrote on Monday, VR and AR were big themes at the other three big developer conferences, with more time devoted to those than any other topic at F8 and I/O and significant time given over to them at Build too. These are hot topics, as is the whole question of whether AR and VR are even the right names, with Microsoft preferring to talk about Mixed Reality (and in the process arguably sending some mixed messages), and Google's VR lead talking about Immersive Computing, with both arguing that there's a spectrum here.
The reality is that AR and VR as terms are the only ones many mainstream consumers can relate to, so for all the hand wringing about terminology and the attempts to introduce new terms into the lexicon, those are the terms worth using. But even within each of those two overarching categories, there are at least two sub-categories each. On the VR side, the interface – a headset – is the same across the board, but there are significant differences in price and performance between the PC and console variants on the one hand and the mobile flavors on the other. On the AR side, meanwhile, the separation is the interface itself – headsets on the one hand, and smartphones on the other. The diagram below outlines how I think about these in terms of the short-to-medium term addressable markets (think 2-3 years out), and it's worth noting the chart is not to scale but rather shows relative differences only:
To summarize, AR sits at the two ends of the spectrum today, while VR sits in the middle. Headset-based AR is in its infancy today, with Microsoft's HoloLens one of the few commercial products launched into the market, but very much a niche proposition and far from being a consumer product, while Magic Leap's technology may well be the first significant consumer-grade product later this year. In the VR realm, console and PC-based VR provides the best and most powerful experiences today, but is tied to the relatively small installed bases of high-end gaming PCs and consoles. As such, Sony is the market leader with the one million sales it announced this week, but that's far fewer than the 5 million Gear VR headsets that had been sold back in January by Samsung, and which also incorporates Google's Cardboard and Daydream platforms and a number of others. But even these pale in comparison with smartphone-based AR, which even prior to this week was available on hundreds of millions of smartphones running Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, Pokémon Go, and a variety of other apps with AR features.
Smartphone-based AR is therefore the one mainstream value proposition among a set of mostly niche and small markets today, and that's therefore where you'd expect many of the major companies to be putting their money and placing product bets. And of course we saw some of that at Facebook's F8, with a big investment in its vision of AR, which is absolutely smartphone-centric in the short term but leaves room for a roadmap around eventual glasses-based AR down the line. Microsoft and Google, though, remain very focused on other aspects, with Google's biggest bets on Daydream VR in both mobile and standalone varieties, and only a side bet on Tango smartphone-based AR, which is available in so few phone models as to be basically irrelevant as a consumer value proposition, while Microsoft is exclusively focused on headset-based experiences across the board. (It's worth noting that the Daydream standalone VR experience doesn't have a slot on my chart above, but would form a third VR category, though it's uncertain where it will eventually fit around the other two in terms of size – much depends on the price/performance ratio we see in devices later this year).
Apple's Entries into VR and AR
Now, along comes Apple's entry into VR and AR, which are quite different not only from each other but from what we've seen from the other major companies already playing in each of these markets. For context, it's worth noting that despite the lack of official comment at Apple's own events, Tim Cook hasn't been shy about articulating a vision in which AR is far more appealing than VR, and that certainly seems to have informed its announcements this week.
VR – Creation and the Mac
First off, on the VR side, Apple is clearly committed to being a player here, but almost entirely on the content creation side. With the enhancements to Metal and other elements of macOS and some accompanying new hardware options, Apple is attempting to enable developers and other content creators to work on VR and other immersive experiences using Macs. It's explicitly supporting 360° video and 3D creation on new Macs running High Sierra, and has partnered with a number of both hardware and software companies to build a set of tools for creating and testing VR content.
But in all the announcements about VR this week, Apple stopped short of promising that Macs would become an important platform for consuming VR content, and it said nothing about VR on iPhones – there's no VRKit for third party headset manufacturers to work with or anything of that nature. This is almost entirely a Mac and creation-centric approach to VR from Apple. And that shouldn't surprise us given those remarks from Tim Cook, which have downplayed VR as a mainstream technology. Apple understands that many of its developers and users of apps like Final Cut Pro want to be able to create immersive content on Macs, but it isn't yet ready to commit to supporting the actual end user experiences in a big way across its platforms. That means it'll be able to hold onto some developers and creators that might otherwise have abandoned the Mac as a platform, but it's unlikely to do much to dispel the notion that Macs are poor devices for hardcore or VR gaming. And the entirety of Apple's announcements here were around the Mac, a platform that has an order of magnitude fewer users than iOS.
AR – Consumption and the iPhone
By contrast, Apple's AR announcements were all about its biggest platform and the end user. Given that the smartphone AR space today is dominated by photo and video filters and lenses, two possible entry points for Apple would have been logical: either adding its own lenses and filters to the Camera and Photos app in iOS, or opening up the ability for third party developers to create them instead (or both). Instead, what we have is a much more expansive vision for smartphone-based AR from Apple, opening up ARKit as a framework for AR in any conceivable context on the iPhone and iPad. So yes, I've no doubt we'll see photo and video lenses and filters that make use of the new AR tools, but we'll also see much more. Apple demoed several games at WWDC, but it goes even beyond that, as a tweet from just one day after the keynote demonstrated.
Apple isn't exaggerating when it says it's just created the largest AR platform out there – though Facebook's user base is about twice as big as Apple's, Apple's developer base is far larger and the monetization opportunities far clearer than around Facebook's AR platform, which has no monetization options at all today. And Apple's vision for AR today is far broader than anything we've seen from any other player, encompassing not just the very similar visions of Facebook and Snapchat, but also the Pokémon Go AR view and many as yet undiscovered implementations. And whereas Facebook only showed canned demos of much of its AR functionality on stage and released a more basic subset, Apple's ARKit does much the same stuff in production today.
So yes, Apple showed us its first forays into both VR and AR at WWDC, but those first steps into each market look very different. Apple's VR strategy is indicative of its desire to support creators and developers as they mostly build products for consumption on other platforms, while Apple's AR bet is very much about supporting its own users on its own platforms. The latter is a vastly bigger market today than the former, and much better aligned with Apple's existing strengths and its user base. That's going to make it a big player in AR by the end of the year even as it takes much slower more subtle steps into VR.
And of course none of these closes the door to an eventual entry by Apple into that other flavor of AR, the headset market, or as I think it will actually be by the time Apple enters: the glasses-based variety. Everything it and its developers are learning and building today will be applicable to that eventual more immersive version of AR too.
The UN secretary general says it is important to recognise China's ‘contribution and sacrifice' in the fight against fascism in second world war
The UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon, has rejected Japanese criticism of their decision to attend China's Victory Day parade later this week, saying it was important to recognise China's wartime sacrifice and learn the lessons of history.
Ban, who will be among about 30 world leaders attending a spectacular military parade in Beijing on Thursday, told Chinese media their presence would be in recognition of China's “contribution and sacrifice” in the fight against fascism during the second world war.
'Old-school tub-thumping': 12,000 Chinese troops prepare for WW2 parade Read more
Ban's office said they were aware of concern in Japan, which believes the UN should remain neutral on the commemoration of historical events and has voiced “strong displeasure” over their attendance in a message sent through it mission to the UN.
Ban, a former South Korean foreign minister, was quoted by China's Xinhua news agency as saying: “China's contribution and sacrifice during the second world war is very much recognised, [and China] is appreciated for all such sufferings, and sympathised [with] by the world's people.
“It is important to look to the past, what kinds of lessons we have been learning, and how we can move ahead to a brighter future based on the lessons learned. That is the main purpose.”
About 12,000 troops, 500 armoured vehicles, conventional and nuclear weapons and 200 aircraft are expected to take part in the parade in Tiananmen Square, the scene of the government's bloody suppression of pro-democracy protests in 1989.
Xinhua said about 1,000 foreign troops from 17 other countries would also appear.
Last week Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, abandoned efforts to arrange a bilateral summit with their Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, in Beijing just before or after the parade.
Officials in Tokyo said Abe was busy overseeing the passage of controversial security legislation, but they were reportedly concerned that their attendance could be interpreted as tacit acceptance of China's military build-up in disputed areas of the South China sea and its claims to the Senkakus, a group of uninhabited islands administered by Japan in the East China sea.
Most other Western leaders, including Barack Obama and David Cameron, have declined invitations to the parade, which many see as an attempt to showcase China's military might rather than to commemorate the end of the war.
Thursday will mark 70 years and a day since Japan formally announced its unconditional surrender to the allies, just over two weeks after its wartime defeat on 15 August 1945.
The South Korean president, Park Geun-hye, and the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, will attend, as will Choe Ryong-hae, a close aide to the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Although the parade is being touted as a celebration of China's victory in the “war of resistance against Japanese aggression” and fascism, Chinese officials insist the event will not be used to demonise Japan.
“I'd like to reaffirm that the commemorations do not target any specific country, neither today's Japan nor the Japanese people in general,” China's deputy foreign minister, Zhang Ming, said.
Japan's wartime conduct is still the cause of widespread resentment in China and on the Korean peninsula, where many believe it has failed to properly atone for atrocities it committed on the Asian mainland in the first half of the 20th century.
Japanese media seized on China's poor human rights record to accuse it of hypocrisy in urging Japan to learn from its past mistakes.
The Xi administration, the Asahi Shimbun said in an editorial, “continues to place top priority on sovereignty while putting little importance on human rights. Its approach to ruling the nation is reminiscent of the totalitarianism that raged in the world until the end of the war 70 years ago”.
Image copyright Ms Magazine Image caption Ms Magazine, a feminist publication, took its title from Ms Michael's campaign
Sheila Michaels, an American feminist who brought the honorific "Ms" into mainstream use, has died aged 78.
Ms Michaels did not invent the term, but is credited with rescuing it from obscurity after they saw it used in an address, thinking it was a typo.
"Ms" did not convey a woman's marital status, unlike the traditional options "Mrs" or "Miss".
"I had never seen it before: It was kind of arcane knowledge," they said.
Speaking to the New York Times in an interview last year for their own obituary, they said the honorific resonated with her, both as a feminist and as the child of unmarried parents.
"[I] was looking for a title for a woman who did not 'belong' to a man. There was no place for me," they told The Guardian newspaper in 2007.
"I didn't belong to my father and I didn't want to belong to a husband - someone who could tell me what to do."
Read more
Born in St Louis, Missouri, Ms Michaels spent some of their childhood in New York City. They were a lifelong feminist activist, biblical scholar, and collected oral histories of the civil rights movement later in life.
In their professional life, they worked as a ghostwriter, editor, and even ran a Japanese restaurant - but their obituary in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch notes their favourite job was being a New York City taxi driver.
What's in a name?
The term Ms dates back to at least 1901, but its obscurity meant that Ms Michaels first thought it was a typo, intended to be Mrs, on a housemate's delivery of a Marxist magazine in the early 1960s.
Years later, they brought it up casually, during a lull in conversation on broadcast radio - where it was heard by others, and began to attract attention.
That broadcast would lead the first editors of Ms Magazine to adopt the honorific as its title in 1972 "after prompting from Sheila Michaels, who had been pushing the women's movement to adopt its usage," the magazine wrote last month.
"'Ms' is how you address a woman as a whole person. In a culture where women were identified on the basis of their marital status... [it was a] way to define ourselves as individuals, not subordinates or partners."
And while the new honorific was in the public sphere and a subject of debate, it was not adopted by the New York Times until 1984 - seen as a landmark for its usage by a traditional stylistic conservative.
Now, the newspaper has published an extensive obituary based on interviews with Ms Michaels herself.
"Ms Michaels leaves a legacy both minute and momentous: two consonants and a small dot - three characters that forever changed English discourse," the Times wrote.
Advice from the BBC's style editors is simple: "Try to find out what the person themselves uses, and stick to that."
Hard-hitting research for you: Last year, after four days of the regular season, every National League team that would eventually make the postseason was over .500. Every team that was under .500 after three games missed the postseason. From this, we can infer that the undefeated Braves, Reds, and Rockies are going to the postseason.
This has been An April Baseball Analysis Moment. Thanks for reading, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Man, I hate writing baseball analysis in April, probably as much as you hate reading it. However, we've learned a few things already about the 2015 season:
If the Twins don't improve on their Pythagorean winning percentage of .003, they're going to have a tough year.
Adrian Beltre is still the greatest hero we have.
The Royals' bullpen has allowed four baserunners in eight innings, but they should pick it up and turn it around soon.
The Rockies just might be better than they were last year.
We're here to talk about that last one. The Rockies swept a series on the road against the Brewers to start the season. You might think, "Big deal," but you're the one who clicked on something with "Rockies" in the headline, dummy. And if you did that, you probably have an idea of what the Rockies did on the road last year. They were 21-60 on the road last year.
21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60 21-60
I mean, hold your computer or phone to your nose and just smell that number. Lick the screen and taste it. The Rockies played 81 games on the road last year and lost 60 of them. It's even worse than that, though. After sweeping the Giants in a three-game series at AT&T Park, the 2014 Rockies were 15-21 on the road -- bad, but a standard kind of bad. After that, they were 6-39. They didn't win another series on the road until this week.
Let's not pretend that this is a sign that everything is different. They still have to hit at Coors and then go on the road and face pitchers whose breaking balls actually move the way nature intended. The Coors hangover is the widely accepted theory of why the Rockies stink so much on the road, and it's definitely an easy theory to buy into. Coors Field messes everything up, humidor or no.
But this is a fantastic opportunity to point something out about the Rockies, something I wasn't giving them enough credit for in the offseason. When healthy, they just might have an exceptional lineup.
1. Charlie Blackmon - CF
2. Carlos Gonzalez - RF
3. Troy Tulowitzki - SS
4. Justin Morneau - 1B
5. Nolan Arenado - 3B
6. Corey Dickerson - LF
7. Nick Hundley - C
8. D.J. LeMahieu - 2B
It goes six deep before you get to anything close to a below-average hitter, and Hundley might even be average if he's healthy. Don't forget that Wilin Rosario is still supposed to hit 30 homers one of these years, defense aside.
When healthy, that's an outstanding group of hitters.
When healthy, they should be a bunch of up-and-comers, alright.
When healthy.
When pelicans yodel songs of unrequited love, it's hauntingly beautiful.
Yeah, it's sort of like that. When healthy, Mark Prior was one of the greatest pitchers in the world. When you affix that disclaimer to the start of a sentence, it's a good sign that the rest of the sentence is going to be something extraordinarily tough to buy into. The games played in 2014 for the folks up there:
1. Charlie Blackmon - 154
2. Carlos Gonzalez - 70
3. Troy Tulowitzki - 91
4. Justin Morneau - 135
5. Nolan Arenado - 111
6. Corey Dickerson - 131
7. Nick Hundley - 83
8. D.J. LeMahieu - 149
Arenado's injury was a broken finger on a slide, something that doesn't exactly suggest he's injury prone. Still, you can see the problem. Gonzalez has missed huge chunks of the last two seasons and Tulowitzki has missed chunks of the last three. It's a strong lineup until the good hitters are in the infirmary, at which point it's filled with hitters who are probably outclassed at Coors Field before they have to deal with the extra burden of going on the road with a Coors hangover. That's why the Rockies lost nearly 100 games last year. It's why they're not projected to finish higher than fourth place by almost anyone.
But of all the teams off to an unexpectedly fast start, this is the one that intrigues me. If Hundley and LeMahieu can hit -- even just a little below the league average -- this could be the best lineup in baseball. Yes, that needs a "when healthy" disclaimer, but pretend it doesn't. Pretend you're given a glimpse of a future where none of those players up there have to miss anything more than a week or two.
If the Rockies stay healthy, can they beat the Dodgers and the rest of the NL West?
Probably not. Not as currently constructed. We like to laugh at Kyle Kendrick being the Opening Day starter, but the laughing obscures a larger truth: No, seriously, Kyle Kendrick started Opening Day for the Rockies. And won! But we'll assume that 0.00 ERA will go up and they won't be a rotation revelation. The Rockies don't have the pitching to contend right now, not unless they have two or three young pitchers transform into rotation stalwarts. The Rockies have developed just a handful of pitchers in their franchise history, so it seems like it's asking a lot for them to develop two or three right now.
However, if the Rockies stay healthy, they can stay close to the top of the NL West. They can be annoying and hang around. They have the lineup to do that. And while we're here in April wondering what the Rockies could get for Tulowitzki, we might look up in July and wonder which pitchers would transform them into a legitimate threat at the trade deadline.
The Brewers have already figured this out, but the Rockies have the most underrated lineup in baseball. They were supposed to be also-rans, except they have half of the roster-building business down. It's a little too easy to sell the Rockies short because of the whole "pitching" thing. They're a team without balance right now, but at least there are weights on one side of the scale. That makes them a little more interesting than the typical team picked to finish in the bottom of their division. If they can stay healthy.
If they can stay healthy ...
★★★
SB Nation presents: Why the Dodgers are primed to destroy anything
Gov. Jindal declares state of emergency ahead of imminent Miss. River flooding
BATON ROUGE - Governor Bobby Jindal issued a state of emergency as the threat of flooding along the Mississippi River, Red River and other bodies of water in the state looms.
The National Weather Service has issued a flood warning along the length of the Mississippi River with predicted river crests well above flood stage in many locations. Recent weather conditions in the middle of the country are creating the potential for major flooding at several locations along the Mississippi River.
Similar warnings have been issued along the Red River and other Louisiana bodies of water.
Several parishes, including Concordia, East Carroll, Madison, Tensas and West Feliciana, have already declared states of emergency in order to assist residents in areas that are experiencing flooding. The release from the governor says additional parishes will declare states of emergency as the flooding threat develops.
Jindal's office says the state of emergency extends from Wednesday to Thursday, Jan. 28 unless it is terminated sooner.
Gov. Jindal is set to hold a meeting at the Govenor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness Wednesday afternoon. Governor-elect John Bel Edwards will be in attendance at this meeting to ensure their administration is prepared with the latest details on the flooding situation. We'll have updates here on WBRZ.com.
In the small Georgia town where I grew up, there is a blind hill that reaches its crest at the First Baptist Church where I spent most of my young life. It was a dangerous hill, because if anything, or anyone, was in the road when your car crested that hill, you wouldn't see it until you were right on it—or had already run over it. It was a small two-lane road, but people would routinely speed over that hill with little regard for pedestrians, or animals, unfortunate enough to be crossing at that moment.
This is exactly why I chose that spot to commit suicide.
I was fifteen years old and was struggling with a new word that I had learned: “lesbian.” I knew it was word that applied to me—and the more vernacular “dyke” that I had been called by some classmates. I didn't like either of them. “Lesbian” sounded like a horrible disease (no offense to natives of Lesbos), and “dyke” was not yet an epithet I had learned to love for its amazing power and strength.
After dark, when the downtown shops had closed and the streets were rolled up for the night, I took up a position in the middle of the oncoming lane, and sat down. It felt good. For the first time in a long time, I felt good—and a bit smug—knowing they'd find my body next to the church whose teachings had tormented me for so long. I began my death vigil, knowing that very soon a speeding car would take my life.
A selfish thing really—to ruin the life of whoever was unfortunate enough to be driving that car while taking my own. At fifteen, you don't really think through the consequences of any of your actions. All you know is, you want the pain to stop. You want the burden to be lifted.
At fifteen, all you want to do is fit in—desperately—to be part of the in-crowd with lots of friends who love and support you. When you look different, though; when you have a deep voice for a girl and prefer plaid to pleats and baseball to beauty pageants, you get left out. You get called names. You get marginalized, excluded, harassed, and hounded. In short, you get bullied—and you can't think of a way out except the ultimate way out.
As I sat in the road that night, I spotted a cat over near the steps to my home church. Contrary to lesbian lore I was not a cat fan at this stage in my life. I much preferred dogs and didn't learn to love cats until much later. This cat, however, would not leave. I shooed it away and it kept circling on the sidewalk—smart enough to stay away from the deadly hill.
I really wanted to die alone, without even a feline witness, so I stood up and approached the cat, intending to take it down the road and drop it off somewhere so I could be left alone. As I reached the sidewalk and bent down for the cat—whoosh!!—a car sped over the hill.
The reality of what I was trying to do instantly washed over me. That instinct to live kicked in and suddenly I was grateful that this annoying cat had lured me out of the path of the oncoming car. Depending on one's worldview, either God sent the cat, or it was an incredible stroke of luck. Either way, my life was spared, and in that moment, I was glad for it, and vowed to never try to take my life again. Whatever I was going through, it would get better. If not right now, sometime soon.
For at least six young gay people, there was no cat by the side of the road to save them from themselves. They each succeeded in taking their own lives after being bullied and humiliated by others who felt confident that society—and religion—approved of them berating another human being for being gay.
Albert Mohler, president of The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky, even wondered in an article on their Web site why there was “no one to step between (Rutgers student) Tyler Clementi and that bridge.”
The death of Clementi and five other kids, who were either gay or perceived as such, would be a wonderful opportunity for Mohler to show some real compassion, or perhaps even cop to Christianity's culpability in their deaths; but they make no such effort as they write about the suicides on their blog. Instead, they continue to bash gays and lesbians—calling them “sinners” who simply just can't accept the truth.
In other words, the believing church cannot surrender to the demand that we disobey and reject biblical truth. That much is clear. We cannot lie to persons about the sinfulness of their sin, nor comfort them with falsehood about their moral accountability before God. The rush of the liberal churches and denominations to normalize homosexuality is now a hallmark of their disobedience to the Bible.
Instead of telling gays and lesbians that they are valuable children of God, Mohler counsels their readers to simply tell the “truth” louder, more forcefully—to not waver from their dedication to a serving a book over saving the lives of real people.
The reason I sat at the top of that hill that one lonely night was because I bought all the lies Mohler and their cohorts continue to sell. I bought the lie that I was a sinner who deserved death—why else would I want to die? I bought the lie that I was the one who was messed up while the rest of the world—that mean, bullying, hateful world—was normal. I bought the lie that God could not love me unless I changed and became one of those mean, bullying, hateful “normal” bigots.
I did what most gay kids who live through these desperate teen years do—I abandoned God. The only way I could survive as a young teen dealing with homosexuality was to stop caring about what people said God said about me. This is why so many gay and lesbian people abandon Christianity or religion all together. To survive in this world, we simply have to walk away from religions that tell us we are “sinful” and undeserving of God's love.
Through the Metropolitan Community Church, and their message of God's unconditional love and acceptance, I found my way back to God in my early twenties; but, for me, leaving God was an act of self-preservation in high school. Some kids are not as lucky. Some have parents who force them to attend church, who force them to go through “ex-gay” treatments, and force them to remain confused and ashamed of who they are. Some escape through suicide, others through drugs, others through running away, others never escape—taught to repress their true selves for eternity. What Mohler counsels Christian followers to do is to continue bullying gays and lesbians, only more gently.
As Christians, we just have to wonder. Was there no believer to befriend Tyler and, without loving their homosexuality, love him? The homosexual community insists that to love someone is to love their sexual orientation. We know this to be a lie.
The sad truth is, Mohler's advice will only create more suicides, because it is the hatred of that intrinsic part of a gay or lesbian person—their God-given sexual orientation—that drives us to commit suicide. If you “love the sinner and hate the sin” it is not the love of the person but the hatred of their sin that causes you to preach the “truth” to them. No one wants to be treated that way.
In the end, Mohler asks their readers: “What if Tyler Clementi had been in your church? Would they have heard biblical truth presented in a context of humble truth-telling and gospel urgency, or would they have heard irresponsible slander, sarcastic jabs, and moralistic self-congratulation?”
At my church, they would have heard that God loves him, no matter what. They would have heard that God calls us to be just like that cat who saved me from myself so long ago. Mr. Mohler, that cat by the side of the road had no theological agenda, no venerated holy book—it merely persisted in remaining with me until I was out of harm's way. That's the only way any of us should treat someone in pain—not with preaching, or “truth,” but pure, unconditional, persistent, love.
A complaint filed with the Federal Trade Commission accuses wireless phone carriers of leaving millions of Android phone users vulnerable to attack from hackers by failing to distribute fixes for known security flaws in a timely manner.
The American Civil Liberties Union asked the FTC on Wednesday to investigate AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile for unfair and deceptive business practices stemming from their failure to provide available security patches for the Android operating system running on phones and for failing to inform consumers that their systems are unpatched and vulnerable to attack.
"A significant number of consumers are using smartphones running a version of the Android operating system with known, exploitable security vulnerabilities for which fixes have been published by Google, but have not been distributed to consumers' smartphones by the wireless carriers and their handset manufacturer partners," the ACLU writes in its 16-page complaint (.pdf). "There are millions of vulnerable Android phones in the hands of consumers today because wireless phone carriers and phone hardware makers refuse to transmit existing software security fixes to phones in a timely manner, according to a security researcher."
Unlike phones made by Apple, which controls the distribution of software updates to its phones, Android users can't get an update to their phones without a carrier's intervention. Instead, they have to obtain updates from servers operated by the carriers. But the wireless carriers and hardware makers can take a year or longer to distribute new firmware updates containing security fixes for phones.
“When Apple decides that it's going to give a security update to consumers or a feature update, every consumer who plugs their phone into their computer gets the update whether or not their respective regional carrier likes it,” Chris Soghoian principal technologist and senior policy analyst with the ACLU, told an audience at the Kaspersky Security Analyst Summit earlier this year. But with Android, “you get updates when the carrier wants it and when the hardware manufacturer wants it, and usually that's not very often.”
Although Google is quick to fix vulnerabilities in its software when it finds out about them, there is a dangerous lag in getting those fixes to Android users, they noted.
Research released by DuoSecurity last September found that half of sampled Android devices had unfixed vulnerabilities, even though there were patches from Google that were available for them. There are over 100 million Android devices deployed worldwide.
Hardware makers are slow to provide fixes to vulnerabilities because it's not cost-effective. When Google updates Android, engineers have to modify it for each phone or chip that relies on the operating system, which is time-intensive.
"The market has unfortunately failed to deliver regular security updates to millions of consumers using Android devices. As such, we believe that Federal regulators should step in and protect consumers," Soghoian wrote in a blog post about the complaint to the FTC. "As we stated in our complaint, if the mobile carriers are not going to provide important security updates, the FTC should at a minimum force them to provide device refunds to consumers and allow consumers to terminate their contracts without penalty so that they can switch to a provider who will."
Today's Microsoft is all about cross-platform and they have proven it yet again by updating their Skype for Linux app. The new update brings several improvements over the last version and is a welcome change.
Skype for Linux got updated to version 1.5 Alpha and includes the changes below:
Voice messaging audio now works.
Mojis now work with audio.
You can now silence notification sounds and turn off messaging notifications completely in ‘Settings'.
We've disabled the ability to drag & drop a URL into Skype which opens the browser in the application.
Presence status icon sizes in the Tray have been improved on some distributions.
We've seen regular updates for the Linux client, which is nice, and can't be said for the old Linux app that Microsoft developed. The app is in an alpha stage, but is rather stable and works pretty well. Some issues may come up but those will eventually be addressed in a coming update. The team even says that they are accepting feedback and you should leave yours too:
Please keep the feedback coming. We're listening!
If you have any feedback, you can reach out via the Skype Community and they will surely listen.
Download Skype for Linux here.
Share This
Further reading: Linux
NSA Spying
Did the National Security Agency spy on elected officials? What should the legal consequences be for Edward Snowden for leaking classified documents that exposed the NSA's massive surveillance of Americans' telephone, email and Internet records?
The NSA has not yet directly responded to a letter from Sen. Bernie Sanders asking if members of Congress were part of its dragnet. The agency, however, did not rule it out in a statement to journalists. Sanders discussed the surveillance in interviews on Monday with CNN and WPTZ-TV. “Are we a quote unquote free society, which we tout ourselves to be, we claim to be, if the United States government knows every phone call you've made, knows where you are, has the capability of intercepting your emails and knows the websites that you've visited. Is that what a free society is about?” Sanders said.
The senator also was asked about the legal fate of Snowden, the former NSA contractor now living in Russia to avoid criminal prosecution in the United States. Said Sanders, “The information disclosed by Edward Snowden has been extremely important in allowing Congress and the American people to understand the degree to which the NSA has abused its authority and violated our constitutional rights. On the other hand, there is no debate that Mr. Snowden violated an oath and committed a crime. In my view, the interests of justice would be best served if our government granted them some form of clemency or a plea agreement that would spare them a long prison sentence or permanent exile from the country whose freedoms they cared enough about to risk their own freedom.”
Watch CNN
Watch WPTZ-TV
Tabs revolutionized web browsers many years ago and today they're as essential when getting things done online. But having too many open tabs at a given time can be counter-productive. Besides cluttering your screen, having multiple tabs open makes it hard to find the right tab when you need it, forcing you jump from one to the next and hoarding your RAM in the process.
Google Chrome doesn't have especially extensive tab management options, but there are many handy extensions available from third party developers that can help you get things under control.
Claim tab bankruptcy: OneTab
When the top bar of your browser is so squished that you can barely see the favicon of every open tab, maybe it's time to declare tab bankruptcy and start over with a clean slate. OneTab lets you close every open tab with a click and converts them into a list instead. Whenever you need to access the tabs again, you can either restore them all at once or individually by clicking on the respective link.
You can also easily export and import your tabs as a list of URLs. Depending on the number of tabs and what they're running, moving open tabs to OneTab can significantly improve performance.
It's all about focus and context: Toby
This Chrome extension bills itself as part tab manager, part productivity tool. If you are the type of person that has 50 browser tabs open all the time Toby may be a little too much work to put into tab management, but it's worth a look if you've been waiting for a more visual way to organize the clutter.
Toby is often referred to as the "Trello for browser tab management" due to its card-based interface. You can group saved tabs into different categories or lists, drag-and-drop items between them and add tags to offer more context. Entire sessions can be saved in one click, closing all tabs and saving them to a list instead, allowing you to reopen tabs individually or all at once later. The use of different lists and the ability to save sessions is meant to facilitate context switching and improve your workflow.
There's also a search function which presents results clean and fast but it only searches through tab titles — nothing that the Chrome search function couldn't do already. Toby can sync your saved tabs between multiple devices, and if you'd prefer Toby not total over your New Tab page you can also opt for the Toby Mini version which offers much of the same session saving and tab organizing functionality without taking up as much real estate, using the extension icon and context menus instead.
Avoid distractions and stay productive: Tab Snooze
Tab Snooze takes a concept that grew very popular with email and brings it to tab management. Essentially, this extension lets you put off tabs and automatically brings them back when you need them. The idea is to get distractions out of the way with a snooze button so you can focus on the work at hand, and still be reminded about something in particular that you need to deal with later — read an interesting article, place an online order, stay on top of your to-do list, and so on.
It's not a conventional tab manager but rather a complementary tool for unfinished tasks that you want to be reminded of later, instead of adding a bookmark and forgetting about it altogether. If you have a focus on productivity, treating certain tabs as to-dos will bring in some new perspective to your workflow.
Snooze options are similar to those popularized by the now defunct Mailbox email client — later today, this evening, tomorrow, this weekend, next week, in a month, and more.
Tame resource usage: The Great Suspender
The Great Suspender is another popular tab management extension that focuses on fixing Chrome's high RAM usage. It works by automatically suspending tabs that have not been used for a while, freeing up memory and CPU that the tab was consuming.
Tabs retain their favicon and title text and can be restored by clicking anywhere on the page when needed. You can configure how long to wait before a tab is suspended and whitelist sites.
It's important to note that Google has come a long way in throttling resource usage by background tabs. The browser now has a similar feature built-in called “Automatic Card Discarding” to suspend tabs that haven't seen any activity in a while, and is working on a background tab throttling mechanism for version 57 that will reportedly limit inactive tabs to an average CPU load of just 1%.
Kill problematic tabs: Chrome's Task Manager
Chrome's has its own task manager which provides an overview of the resources each app or page is consuming. This should be your first line of defense when Chrome starts to feel sluggish. To see a list of running processes simply head to the Task Manager by pressing Shift + Esc on Windows or from the Window menu if you are on a Mac. Sort processes by memory usage and kill anything you don't need.
5 days, 5 killer tech tips is a TechSpot monthly feature
On the third week of every month, we'll publish 5 killer tech tips, one for each day of the week for a given app, service, or platform.
This week we are covering great tips and tricks for the Google Chrome browser.
A new study, not published but to be presented at a meeting, purports to show that after the infamous Andrew Wakefield 1998 Lancet article alleging a connection between the MMR vaccine and autism, vaccination rates in the US declined by about two percent. This may seem like a small amount but has an effect on public health, and vaccine refusal typically occurs in pockets that bring vaccination rates below the level needed for “herd” immunity, allowing for outbreaks.
This, however, is all old news. There are two other pieces of information in the study that are interesting. The first is that the decrease in vaccination rates did not rebound after Wakefield and their Lancet study were thoroughly refuted. That genie was out of the bottle, and correcting the misinformation did not have the desired effect of putting it back in. This too is in line with other research and experience. It is easier to spread fear than reassurance. Once rumors are spread the damage cannot be undone.
The study also purports to find that the there was an inverse relationship between education level and vaccine use – college-educated mothers were less likely to vaccinate their children. Further, in the 8 years after the Lancet study this gap increased. This education-gap is also in line with previous research, but needs some explanation. We need to distinguish unvaccinated from undervaccinated, and vaccine non-compliance from vaccine refusal. When looking at the undervaccinated, and specifically those who missed scheduled vaccines, this correlates with lower socioeconomic status and less education. This is in line with a more general pattern – the fewer resources a family has the less likely they are to avail themselves of available health care.
However, if you look at those who refuse or delay vaccines as a deliberate choice, there is a positive correlation with the education level of the parents, especially the mother. This may seem paradoxical at first – higher education leading to bad health care decision making, but actually it makes perfect sense. First, let me say that I am taking as a premise that refusing vaccines is a bad decision. For reference just plug in “vaccine” into the search box on this blog and you can read dozens of articles explaining my position. In short, the evidence overwhelmingly supports the conclusion that vaccines are safe and effective and a net health benefit for the vaccinated. Fears over vaccines causing autism or other neurological damage are based upon soundly refuted pseudoscience. So why, then, the reverse correlation with education?
The typical hypothesis, which is plausible but untested (as far as I know), is that higher education levels leads to greater access to information, specifically on the internet, where vaccine fears have largely been spread. If you are not exposed to misinformation about vaccines then you cannot act on that misinformation.
I also think, however, that this is part of a larger phenomenon – a direct relationship between education level and general acceptance of pseudoscience. Prior surveys have found a correlation between higher levels of education and belief in ghosts, ESP, and alien visitations. Education superficially seems to make us more gullible. However, the interpretation of this result, in light of other psychological research, is different than just gullibility. Access to information is likely part of the reason for the correlation between education and belief. Another factor is likely that as we get smarter we get better at justifying our own beliefs. Having an education can make someone more confident in defending their offbeat beliefs, and better able to defend those beliefs from the skeptics.
This is a sobering realization. It is partly the result of human psychology, but also partly an indictment of our educational system. We cannot change human nature, but we can transcend it by understanding that nature and developing methods to compensate for it. We would call these methods critical thinking, or perhaps metacognition. We need to teach students not only how to access information, but how to think about it critically, and how to examine their own thought processes for flaws and pitfalls.
The relationship between education and paranormal belief is more complex than the study I linked to above would suggest. A Finnish study found that the areas of study made a difference. University students and those studying psychology and medicine had less belief in the paranormal while vocational students and those studying education and theology had higher beliefs. The authors interpreted this as those having a more analytical style of thinking had less belief in the paranormal than those with an more intuitive style of thinking.
This all goes along with one of the major premises of the skeptical movement – that education alone is not enough, you have to teach students how to think critically and be more skeptical. This is increasingly true in the internet age. We are exposed to all sorts of information, which appears to be counterproductive and lead to greater misinformation than accurate information, unless we also have the scientific literacy, critical thinking and metacognitive tools to properly assess that information.
Patreon
Livestream
Youtube
Twitter
New addition for my Season 6 Episode Art! Season 6, Episode 20: Viva Las PegasusFor more info on my episode art: MLP:FIM Season 5 Episode Art Streams Not the most interesting scene, although the episode was plenty interesting. It did contain a lot of Applejack... so I might be biased. Either way, it's fun seeing new locations! And while we've heard/seen about this place before here and there, we never visited it before now... and it's even worse!!! As Applejack and Fluttershy said. Haha.All that glam and everything. Even the slightly toned down version in the show, I'm not sure if I'd feel at home in places like thatI don't know, though, maybe I'll like it for the right reasons.They did have fun arcade games to play. With plushies to win, which referenced the first season! (Oh the nostalgia) The Parasprite, ursa and phoenix plushies. They even had a Jackrabbit, with antlers and all! (I still prefer Applejackrabbit, but ok...)In the end, I did decide on the statue, because I thought it'd be interesting to make a statue again. Haven't done that in a while, and especially one that''s golden. But.. it's also a reminder I really need to practice my materials on this scale and complexity some more.In the end I guess the ponies did bring the statue down like they have just overthrown a tyrant dictatorship or something hehe. Which well, Gladmane was quite a sinister character. Making Flim & Flam look like the lesser evil. Applejack still doesn't like em, though haha.Anywho, it was quite the episode. All that glitter and show. New and old folks.Hope y'all enjoy a bit more of a passive scene interpretation, not the most interesting.
Analysis Last week Daniel Cuthbert was convicted of breaking the Computer Misuse Act, fined £400, and ordered to pay £600 in costs. As an IT security consultant, it will be a long time before Cuthbert's reputation is restored and it is possible they will never work in the industry again.
But it is going to take just as long for the police to recover their reputation amongst much of the IT security community. The decision to prosecute Cuthbert might be "good PR", as one officer told the Register last week, but it could make it harder for police to chase computer criminals in the future. Some observers believe it will damage the relationship between the police and the security professionals they rely on for information and advice.
Cuthbert, a 28 year old from Whitechapel, London, was a security consultant at ABN Amro, a job they lost as a result of their arrest. They also lectured at Westminster and Royal Holloway universities - ironically they taught some members of the Computer Crime Unit.
On December 31, 2004, Cuthbert, using an Apple laptop and Safari browser, became concerned that a website collecting credit card details for donations to the Tsunami appeal could be a phishing site. After making a donation, and not seeing a final confirmation or thank-you page, Cuthbert put ../../../ into the address line. If the site had been unprotected this would have allowed them to move up three directories.
After running the two tests, at between 15.12 and 15.15 on New Year's Eve, Cuthbert took no further action.
In fact their action set off an Intrusion Detection System at BT's offices in Edinburgh and the telco called the police. A witness for BT confirmed that the attack would have had no effect on its server, running Unix Solaris, even if it had not been detected by the IDS. The Crown also accepted that there was no malicious motive in Cuthbert's actions.
The police were able to track Cuthbert down because of the donation they made just before running the tests. They were arrested, brought in for questioning and subsequently charged with breaking the Computer Misuse Act.
Feedback to our story on Cuthbert's conviction last week was mostly sympathetic to Cuthbert though some felt they had overstepped the boundaries.
One reader said: "There are occasions where criminal damage charges could be used under this act, but it seems this wasn't one of them. The damage this will have done to the relationship between the police and information security specialists is absolutely immeasurable."
Some have questioned the Met's claim that the verdict, "sends a reassuring message to the general public". One reader said, "the message it sends to the public is that the Met are inhumane and without compassion. They should have exercised discretion and better judgement."
Peter Sommer, a security expert who gave expert evidence for the defence last week, said: "Mr Cuthbert has a lot of friends in the security community - friends the police need contact with - they will certainly feel more wary after this verdict."
But not everyone agreed - Dr Neil Barrett, a computer crime expert recently appointed to advise the EC on Microsoft issues, said: "...the access was unauthorised. They came to a site for which they did not have permission to exceed the normal user levels of access and attempted to elevate that access. Now, it's true that security professionals do such things - on penetration tests - but that's where permission has been given." Barrett does not believe the verdict will have much impact on the security community.
Dr Helg Janicke at De Montfort University said that in the past feedback from users and security professionals had been welcomed by webmasters but that might change.
"We are moving from an informal world to a more formal and regulated one," said Janicke. "It is dangerous for individuals to play with this kind of things." ®
Press Release
I Know First Analyst Featured on Leader Board of SeekingAlpha
Press Release: SeekingAlpha Opinion Leaders, December 6th, 2016 – Motek Moyen, a senior analyst at I Know First featured on SeekingAlpha's leader board for Most Read Authors in the Last 90 Days.
Motek Moyen Research Seeking Alpha's number 1 Writer on Long Ideas is currently number 4 on the leader board for Most Read Authors in the Last 90 Days in Technology. Motek Moyen is a retired art director (but still active graphic artist) residing in the Philippines.  They are learning options trading based on algorithmic forecasts. Motek Moyen is also a senior analyst for www.iknowfirst.com. They love Adobe Photoshop and Premiere.  They are currently self-learning Adobe Illustrator CC for mobile game assets creation and UI/UX design. Motek Moyen still has their 1994-era signed one-dollar bill given to them by Warren Buffett. Motek's college years were spent on B.S. Mathematics, Commercial Advertising, and B.S. Computer Science. Motek Moyen is only 42 and still has a lingering political ambition (Retrieved from SeekingAlpha).
Motek's articles can be found in our Research and Development tab, or you can click here to be taken directly to the R&D directory.
Motek's recent articles are:
Nintendo Stock Prediction: New Mobile Games Could Boost Nintendo's Stock
AMD Stock Prediction: Getting 10% of x86 Server Processor Market Will Greatly Boost AMD's Revenue
Adobe Stock Prediction: Expect More Android Users To Become Potential Adobe Creative Cloud Subscribers
I Know First, Ltd. is a financial technology company that provides daily investment forecasts based on an advanced, self-learning algorithm. The Algorithm was developed by Dr. Lipa Roitman, a scientist with over 35 years of experience in the field, and who now leads our Research & Development team to further develop and enhance the algorithm. Dr. Lipa Roitman is an R&D Chemist with a long record in computer modeling of processes, product development and process development. The concept of the current algorithm has crystallized following years of prior research into the nature of chaotic systems.
For more information contact us at: [email protected]
Once recruiting is done in the college basketball offseason, there's not a ton going on. It's a bit too far to make serious predictions as well. So what I'm going to do is starting profiling certain Big East players who I believe are primed for a breakout season and will make big contributions for their respective teams. Today, I start with Syracuse‘s Rakeem Christmas.
Christmas will be a 6'9″ sophomore this year. They were highly touted as a first-year student, but didn't get a lot of minutes due to the frontcourt depth of Fab Melo, Kris Joseph, and James Southerland. Christmas wound up averaging 2.5 points and 2.6 rebounds per game.
The Philadelphia native is an interesting big man. Christmas has a versatile offensive game in the sense that they can hit mid range jumpers and also attack the basket off the dribble. Those are special tools for a man of their size. They also have great athleticism and length with a wingspan of 7'2″. Physical attributes like that will allow them to dominate the boards and block shots in the Big East.
However, like nearly every basketball player, Christmas has their flaws. They lack the ability to play in the post, both on offense and defense. They need to polish their game down low. They also have a questionable motor and often plays without motivation, similar to Perry Jones. That characteristic is something that can be fixed on a young player, but if Jim Boheim and company can't help him, Christmas could be a burden at times.
This upcoming season, the Orange will likely start Christmas next to Southerland at center. They have the talent to be a double double machine, we'll just see if they truly want to be that.
Syracuse looks to have another stellar season ahead of them and will try to contend for a Big East title before they leave for the ACC. Christmas is a key in that process.
For more about the Big East, follow Chris on Twitter.
Blackwing Lair Heroic Boss Guides - Razorgore, Vaelastrasz, Chromaggus, Lord Nefarius
Hero Rotation Update, Heroes of the Dorm: Grand Finals this Sunday
Warcraft Movie Delayed to June 2016, Kilrogg Deadeye Preview, Blue Tweets, Followers
DatModz Updated zDPS Monk
DatModz recently updated their zDPS Monk for Patch 2.2 and Season 3, along with a video guide. It's a build that's focused on controlling mobs, take a lot of damage and maximize experience gains. A notable difference is the presence of In-Geom, along with some skill choices. They say the build can achieve 50+ billion experience per hour ratios in GR experience runs!
RoS Problems and Future
Patch 2.2 has been out for some time now and Season 3 started 2 weeks ago. With this being one of the biggest content patches to date, players are left wondering what is next for Reaper of Souls. An interesting way of measuring that is by checking what players perceive as problems in the game.
Aside from the numerous threads on the official forums, Alkaizer and AOD have both uploaded videos discussing what they personally see as issues that need to be addressed in the future, with some suggestions on how to do that. Do you agree with their points? What do you think are the main issues that need to be tackled in future patches? Chime in - leave your two cents!
Bitcoin Technology to Fuel P2P Solar Revolution?
A solar firm in Australia is testing bitcoin technology – blockchain – for allowing homeowners with solar to sell their excess energy to their neighbors, rather than back to the utility.
The technology driving the system is blockchain, the same technology that drives the digital currency Bitcoin.
What is a blockchain?
A blockchain is a distributed database of all records that have ever been made in a system, which is then stored across every computer within the network. Because each network member has a constantly updating copy of the blockchain ledger, this prevents the need for a central control authority. Instead, the computers in the network continually monitor each other and each transaction is verified by consensus of the majority of the network participants.
Once information has been entered onto the blockchain, it can never be erased. As such, the blockchain maintains an auditable and verifiable record of each and every transaction that has ever been made.
While there has been much controversy about the emergence of Bitcoin as a decentralized currency, the blockchain technology driving it has been proven to work flawlessly and to be completely safe from fraud.
According to Michael Crosby of Google, Nachiappan of Yahoo, Pradan Pattanayak of Yahoo, Sanjeev Verma of Samsung Research America & Vignesh Kalyanaraman of Fairchild Semiconductor in their paper BlockChain Technology: Beyond Bitcoin, “[Blockchain] opens the door for developing a democratic open and scalable digital economy from a centralized one. There are tremendous opportunities in this disruptive technology, and the revolution in this space has just begun.”
P2P Solar Revolution
In Western Australia, this revolution is taking shape in the form of peer-to-peer trading of excess energy generated from domestic solar panels.
Power Ledger, a solar energy start-up has teamed with Ledger Assets, Australia's largest blockchain software company “to enable producers and consumers to trade their energy directly – saving money, hassle and maximizing the use of clean, green, solar energy,” says Jemma Green, Research Fellow at Curtin University's Sustainability Policy Institute and Chairwoman of Power Ledger.
Their pilot project is currently underway at the retirement community, Busselton Lifestyle Village, near Perth. It involves 10 households and approximately 20 people. The Busselton site was chosen as a perfect location to trial the technology due to having a good mix of consumers with and without solar panels. The selection of a retirement village was no coincidence either: “We want to show that this tech is so simple that anyone could use it,” says Green.
During the two-month trial, which started on 11th August, residents with solar panels installed in their homes will be able to see how much they would be able to sell their excess energy for if they were to sell it to other homes within the community rather than back to the energy provider, Synergy.
Steve McGill, sustainability manager for National Lifestyle Villages says that “National Lifestyle Villages is excited to work with Power Ledger in the trial of their energy trading software at our Busselton Lifestyle Village. The Power Ledger trial will help to demonstrate the value opportunity created through solar energy, and we look forward to better understanding how solar, battery storage, and smart energy technology can deliver positive outcomes for NLV, our clients, and the environment.”
Low feed-in tariffs
Currently, when a solar panel owner produces more energy than they are consuming at that moment in time, they have two options: store it in a battery, or more commonly, sell it back to the grid.
The problem is that the energy provider has full control to set the rates for the price of both the sale and purchase of energy. And those rates are highly stacked in favor of the energy company.
The residents of Bussleton Lifestyle Village receive seven cents per kWh of energy that they sell back to the grid due to over production, but when they need to purchase additional units from Synergy, the purchase price is 26 cents per kWh; a difference of 19 cents per unit.
P2P Solar: The Peer-To-Peer Solution
Power Ledger's peer-to-peer network would allow participants to sell their excess energy directly to their neighbors, for a price somewhere between those two figures. This would make it more valuable for the energy producer (the neighbor with the excess solar power), and also more affordable for the energy consumer.
Power Ledger uses their proprietary blockchain-based technology to identify the ownership of energy as it is generated and then to manage multiple trading agreements between consumers who buy the excess energy directly from the original producer. This is all without the addition of market costs and commercial margins, which keeps the rates low.
“The owners of excess energy can sell their surplus to their neighbors for less than the uniform tariff but more than they would get from selling it to their retailer,” says Green. “Effectively, we're cutting out the middle-man to save [money for] consumers, and to maximize returns for producers.”
In this pilot project, no money will actually exchange hands and no energy will be traded. However, if it proves successful, then Power Ledger are planning a real world roll out for 80 homes in the Perth metropolitan area, scheduled for the first half of 2017. Green says that a project of this scale would be the “first of its kind.”
Eco-friendly Blockchain: Ecochain
Unlike Bitcoin, which utilizes a proof-of-work blockchain, Power Ledger's system is based on a proof-of-stake blockchain. This private blockchain was developed by Ledger Assets, and is known as Ecochain.
According to a company press statement, “Power Ledger will be the first application to store its energy readings on Ecochain, the world's first low energy, eco-friendly blockchain. Powered mainly by solar energy, Ecochain uses the latest proof-of-stake mining which by design uses a fraction of the energy consumed by other proof-of-work blockchains.”
Ecochain confirms transactions every minute, which is 10x faster than the Bitcoin blockchain. The customized solution allows for other benefits as well. “It was also designed to allow power meters to communicate directly with the blockchain, removing many hardware trust issues,” Green says.
Environmental Benefits of Ecochain
The centralized power networks that power the majority of the world's homes and businesses are surprisingly inefficient, and can be heavy polluters. With a centralized power station, transport and distribution losses account for between 6-8% of total power generated.
In contrast, with a microgrid peer-to-peer network such as that designed by Power Ledger, the excess energy is likely to pass between two very closely connected properties, allowing for much greater network efficiency.
Green also believes the Power Ledger platform could boost interest in solar panels, and result in new installations that might not have been built before, or an increase in solar capacity in existing installations.
"A local government might have demand in one area but no roof space, and lower energy use down the road in a place that can have panels installed. They could then use the blockchain to provide for more of their own energy needs.” Green says.
But what will utilities make of it?
In Spain, when solar auto-consumers started reducing their reliance on the grid, the energy providers lobbied the government to reduce the feed-in tariffs and charge the auto-consumer a “network usage fee”, familiarly known in Spain as the “Sun tax”. This has caused plummeting sales of photovoltaic solar panels in the country and made the payback time for existing installations increase exponentially.
However, in this trial at least, the network operators in Western Australia and Victoria have been receptive to trialing the blockchain technology and the energy provider Synergy is “supportively involved” in discussions for the 2017 trial in the Perth metropolitan area.
Green believes that their blockchain application isn't a threat to the energy providers, but an opportunity for needed adaptation in a time of rapid diversification of the energy market, especially with the increase in affordability and efficiency of domestic batteries.
"This presents an enormous opportunity for traditional providers whose current model is in decline," Green says. "Over the next few years, battery storage will become cost competitive and will compete with grid electricity. All this will reduce the utilization of the grid even more.
"But if you relate to the grid as a trading platform and enable peer-to-peer technology consumers to use it and pay fees you ensure its ongoing relevance." “There need to be new commercial models given the use of centralized energy is declining – and battery storage is likely to exacerbate that.”
With similar projects currently running in Brooklyn and Vienna, there is a feeling in the blockchain energy industry that there will be an explosion of decentralized energy networks in the coming years.
There's also a great potential to apply this technology to developing countries to help distribute solar power, where the centralized energy infrastructure is less expansive and stable.
Might decentralize energy networks one day surpass Bitcoin as the most famous product to come from blockchain technology? We'll be watching attentively to find out…
Article by Lindsey Hall
Photo by the author.
Whether you're talking about Nobu-esque fusion or a New Orleans gumbo, plenty of the more significant culinary achievements of the last couple hundred years have come to us thanks to culinary cross-pollination. Long after the confluence of events that led to the creation of the bánh mì and the gin and tonic, the Ivan Orkins and Rick Baylesses of the world are continuing this trend.
And now there are the Fortgang brothers. Graham and Max Fortgang, New Yorkers through and through, are peering into the looking glass to tell their own unique story, and it's all about New York-style matcha. The twenty-something brothers are the owners of Matcha Bar, a rapidly growing business with two cafés in the New York City area. In June, their three-day pop-up matcha bar in Tokyo was a hit, with long lines of Tokyites waiting to see how Brooklyn does Japanese green tea. As the wunderkind brothers are gearing up to release their own line of bottled matcha drinks, MUNCHIES sat down for a chat with them to figure out not only how in the hell two native New Yorkers ended up as matcha ambassadors, but also how their own backgrounds color their teas.
Graham & Max Fortgang. Photo by author.
MUNCHIES: So, you guys obviously know a lot about matcha. Growing up here in New York City, how did you end up with this fascination? Graham Fortgang: Well, it really grew out of necessity. I was going to school and working in music and Max was working in the art world, going to school, and working in cafes to make money. It's that typical New York hustle. We started to look into alternative energy sources because I have a lot of issues with espresso and coffee. Max decided to make it into a project to find me an alternative to drink.
Max Fortgang: We'd meet in the morning to do our daily routine and try different alternatives and at night, we'd compare notes on how it made us feel. We immediately liked the effects of matcha and started experimenting with different ways to drink it. It got to the point where we were known by people as the guys who were always drinking that weird, green liquid.
Graham: From there, the idea was to open a small space and, worst comes to worst, we'll sell espresso and sandwiches. We know a lot of people in New York, so we'll be able to get by and fall back on that. A year later, we're selling around 80 percent matcha. And like eight percent espresso sales. We think the unique way we found and continue to look at matcha primarily as an energy source is what really sets us apart.
When you decided to open up your first shop in Williamsburg, how did you go about finding a matcha supplier? That must have been pretty crazy to try and work with a farm in Japan with no knowledge or experience. Graham: Yeah, we were pretty lucky we had the idea for Matcha Bar when we did, because this wouldn't have been possible in the past. We started by just researching Japanese matcha farms online and those who could connect us to said farms.
Max: We had a lot of concerns initially as to how to communicate with the farmers and how to actually test the product ourselves.
Graham: Before we even reached out to any farmers, we just ordered every grade and type of matcha we could find online and started making charts to map our progress. We spent a lot of time looking at things like smoothness, the umami finish, the color, and how it made us feel.
Max: Obviously, the most critical thing for me was the flavor of the matcha. The matcha had to work well when iced, because that's the easiest way to get new customers to enjoy matcha.
Graham: After that, we found a translator on Craigslist and just started calling these different farms and asking for samples. We had to think about the matcha we were going to sell, because some of the matcha we were looking at would have to be sold for $8 a cup. That doesn't work with our plan of matcha being for the people and being an alternative energy source. We ended up going with a more subtle matcha grown in Nishio that we think works best for Western palates.
Max: So while I was still building out the store here in Brooklyn, Graham flew to Japan with a friend of ours who speaks Japanese to visit the farm we decided on.
Graham: The farm we went with was very forward with the fact that they thought we were crazy, but they were pretty excited with the prospect. A year later—when we went back and did the pop-up in Tokyo—that was the point they really understood how serious we were.
I think your non-traditional mindset is really a service to you, because you were never going to be the go-to for traditional matcha. Your approach seems to be a more feasible way to bring matcha to the masses. Max: Totally. It frees us up to be creative and not be pigeonholed into working on variations of the classics. One of the first matcha drinks I made was a cucumber matcha drink. Most people in the tea world probably wouldn't think of that. But because I'm not really a part of that world, I can say, "Cucumbers are vegetal. Matcha is vegetal. Why not combine the two?" We clearly aren't Japanese people who have been studying the art of matcha since we were kids. We got into it for purely functional reasons.
Graham: Like the electric beverage mixer [we use.] That originally came out of a dream I had and we decided to try it. We're clearly skipping the ceremony, but hopefully we are able to deliver a better product that's more evenly mixed and frothier.
Workers at Matcha Bar's supplier in Nishio. Courtesy of Matcha Bar.
You're now planning to get into the bottled matcha tea business. What makes your new bottled matcha teas so much different from others? Graham: As far as we know, this is the first ceremonial-grade matcha to be bottled. The thing is, there isn't really a strict ceremonial-grade certification. Some ceremonial-grade matcha has 40 grams of caffeine and some can have as much as 80 grams. The main commonality between most ceremonial grades is just that they are all higher-end matcha that's meant to be used in tea ceremonies. Even in Japan, most matcha is sold as an ingredient for food, so they aren't using that high-grade ceremonial matcha in bottled beverages.
Really? I'd have thought that Japan would have loads of high-end bottled matcha. Graham: From our experiences in Japan, matcha consumption seems to exist on two separate planes. On the low end, you see a matcha latte or a Starbucks matcha drink in every vending machine and on every street corner for 150 yen. And then it exists [not bottled] on the high end if you are at a tea ceremony or you're at a teahouse. There just really isn't a middle ground between the two at all.
Do you think this current American matcha surge will have an effect on Japan's matcha consumption? Graham: One hundred percent.
Max: That was probably the most exciting part of doing our pop-up store in Toyko. It was really interesting to hear how shocked and amazed some of these larger matcha companies were at our ability to make matcha hip for younger people.
Thanks for speaking with us, guys.
Almost a century ago, a monthly journal, Country Queries and Notes, was first published.
In it, it was asked if oak and fir trees were far more likely to be struck by lightning than pines, and if beech is the tree least likely to attract a lightning strike.
This question attracted an enormous amount of interest from readers. Their responses were still arriving a year later.
Replies were compiled from many different sources and showed the following number of lightning strikes: oak, 484; poplar, 284; willow, 87; elm, 66; pine, 54; yew, 50; beech, 39; ash, 33; pear, 30; walnut, 22; lime, 16; cherry, 12; chestnut, 11; larch, 11; maple, 11; birch, 9; apple, 7; alder, 6; mountain ash, 2; and hawthorn, 1.
Only after further prompting from the editor did one reader admit to seeing a stricken sycamore. There were assertions that holly was never seen to be hit.
With no indication of the relative proportions of the trees present the list may appear meaningless, but it does look as if height has more relevance than species.
Arguments grew a little wearisome but there was some support for the view that trees with corrugated bark, and therefore traces of moisture, attracted more strikes than those with smooth bark.
It seems fairly clear, though, that it is best to assume what we all know already, lightning can strike anywhere.
The Forestry Commission's most recent research paper on the subject states that oak, poplar, and Scots pine are the tree species most frequently damaged, with beech least likely to be damaged.
However, this is based on two surveys, each with relatively few records. The first was carried out between 1932 and 1935 and the second between 1967 and 1985, and there are some discrepancies, partly because the earlier survey included only obviously lightning-damaged trees, while the later one includes non-catastrophic damage, which is quite common and sometimes barely detectable.
North American publications also show beech, birch, and horse chestnut as relatively unlikely to be struck, compared with oaks, pines, and spruces, among others.
North America gets much more lightning than Britain and it is not uncommon for particularly valuable specimens to be fitted with lightning conductors in order to preserve them. To our knowledge a conductor has only once been fitted to a British tree, a particularly large cedar that was considered especially at risk.
Various theories have been advanced as to why some species are apparently struck more often, including the possibility that some conduct electricity better, either through the sap or because their rough bark retains more rainwater.
This would explain why beech, with its smooth bark, is less susceptible to strikes.
J1749 is the first accreting millisecond pulsar to undergo eclipses. The pulsar and its companion star are separated by 1.22 million miles, or about five times the distance between Earth and the moon.
In a strangecosmic first, astronomers have discovered a pulsing X-ray neutron star? the ultra-denseleftovers from a supernova explosion ? being eclipsed by anothercompanion starin deep space.
The uniquestar pair sits 22,000 light-years from Earth and was discovered usingNASA'sRossi X-ray Timing Explorer satellite. It offers astronomers a rarechance tostudy the inner workings of neutron star systems.
In thisbinary star system, known as Swift J1749, a normal star is eclipsing a pulsar? a fast-spinning neutron star that emits rotating beams of light likealighthouse. Scientists can only see this light when the beams arepointingtoward Earth, so its light appearsto pulse ? hence the name.
Swift J1749'spulsar is only 12 miles (20 km) across, but 60,000 times denser thanour sun. Itspins 518 times per second ? as fast as the blades of a kitchenblender. Thebeams the pulsar emits are in the X-ray range of theelectromagnetic-radiationspectrum.
In April, theRossi satellite observed three eclipses in the Swift J1749 system overthecourse of one weel, as the pulsar passed behind the normal star. Eacheventlasted 36 minutes. [Graphic: Swift J1749 in a Nutshell]
X-raypulsar first
The eclipsesmark the first time a fast X-ray pulsar has been observed beingeclipsed by itscompanion star.
But theeclipses had more than mere gee-whiz appeal for astronomers. Trackingthepulsar's motion revealed a great deal about Swift J1749 ? and couldshed lighton other neutron-star systems like it.
"Usingthis information, we now know the size and mass of the companion starwithunprecedented accuracy," said researcher Craig Markwardt of NASA'sGoddardSpace Flight Center in a statement.
The normalstar is about 70 percent as massive as the sun, but it's about 20percentlarger than its mass and apparent age suggest it should be. Markwardtthinks heknows why.
"Webelieve that the star's surface is 'puffed up' by radiation from thepulsar,which is only about a million miles away from it," Markwardt said."This additional heating probably also makes the star's surfaceespeciallydisturbed and stormy."
Moreobservations needed
The nextstep for astronomers may be to keep their eyes on Swift J1749, but tofocus on the normal star this time.
"Weneed to detect the normal star with optical or infrared telescopes,"saidTod Strohmayer, Rossi satellite project scientist at Goddard. "Then wecanmeasure its motion and extract the same information about the pulsarthat thepulsar's motion told us about the star."
Doing thiswould help nail down the mass of the pulsar, which is estimated to bebetween1.4 and 2.2 times that of the sun.
Markwardtand Strohmayer describe their results in the July 10 issue of TheAstrophysicalJournal Letters.
Story highlights Journalist says they were told they would be arrested if they didn't surrender passport
Japan says it has a duty to ensure the safety of its citizens abroad
ISIS has "warned it will try to kill more Japanese," government official says
Tokyo (CNN) After the deaths of two Japanese citizens at the hands of ISIS, Tokyo has stopped a journalist from traveling to Syria by confiscating their passport.
It's the first time the Japanese government has taken such a step. But the journalist, Yuichi Sugimoto, has suggested it's a breach of their rights.
"Ministry officials and police officers told me that unless I returned my passport, I would be arrested," they told Japanese television.
Sugimoto, a 58-year-old freelance photo journalist, said they challenged the officials over whether the confiscation conflicted with freedoms of expression, movement and the press.
The Japanese Foreign Ministry said its officials, accompanied by police officers, visited Sugimoto's home in the city of Niigata on Saturday night. They asked them to surrender their passport, citing a provision in the passport law that refers to the protection of citizens' lives in emergencies.
Read More
Ahead of International Women's Day on 8 March 2015, we spoke to the Imperial War Museum‘s Lives of the First World War Life story co-ordinator Charlotte Czyzyk about the role of women in the First World War, to discover how the conflict left a lasting impression on gender roles from the home front to the Serbian front…
How is the Imperial War Museum celebrating International Women's Day on the 8 March 2015?
We have women's stories featured throughout all our displays in the museum. In our special exhibition, From Street to Trench: A World War That Shaped a Region, we have incredible stories of ladies from the northwest of England. We also have an online project called Lives of the First World War where we remember everyone that contributed to the war effort.
What roles did women have in World War I?
Women took on a variety of different roles from traditional nursing to jobs in industry and agriculture. They had jobs in all walks of life like office work, driving and transportation. Women would do things that were then considered out of the ordinary. For example there's a lady called Flora Sands who became a soldier in the Serbian Army, as they aren't allowed to join the British Army.
Can you tell us more about Edith Cavell who smuggled soldiers out of Belgium?
Edith Cavell was a British nurse who served in a hospital in Brussels, Belgium before the war started. During the war they took the opportunity to not only care for the soldiers but also smuggle some out over the border to Holland as Belgium was occupied by Germany at the time. They did this for over 200 British, French and Belgian soldiers. They would also organise their papers and give them clothing, money and everything they'd need to smuggle through the border. Unfortunately they were caught and arrested by the German authorities, imprisoned and sentenced to death.
What was like back in Britain when high amounts of the population were on the Western Front?
People did notice a real shift in society. Women were more visible when they were driving trams, moving coal and taking on the men's work. As well as that, they were also earning money and could socialise more. They were juggling many different things and showed they were capable of doing it.
How did Mairi Chisholm, Elsie Knocker and Elsie Inglis contribute on the frontline?
The first two were part of an ambulance unit in Belgium, Elsie was a trained nurse and Mairi was a very good driver. They would collect wounded soldiers and take them back to the medical stations. In the course of this journey, that could take quite a while, they found that injuries became worse or people died en route. So what they decided to do was cut out the middle section and treat people as close to the frontline as possible. Putting themselves at risk they set up their own first aid post, just 50 yards from the frontline. Now more lives could be saved.
Elsie Inglis was a medic and a trained surgeon. At the start of the war they offered their services to the Royal Army Medical Corps but was told to go home. Undeterred they set up their own organisation, The Scottish Women's Hospitals and went to treat the wounded in Serbia. Sadly, they died when they returned home to England from cancer. They were so dedicated to helping others and their own health was put at risk. They were an amazing, very determined lady.
What was the role of the Suffragettes movement in World War I?
The Suffragette movement was divided over the war. Some realised that if women proved themselves and helped the war effort that it may stand in their favour when trying to get the vote. They did things like nursing and admin work. However there were some, including Sylvia Pankhurst who was a pacifist and against helping in the war effort. The war fractured the movement but its argued that what women did during the war helped them gain the vote. All women over 21 had the vote by 1928.
What happened when the men returned home? Had the role of women changed?
I think so. People had kind of got used to the men not being around. Many were relieved that their loved ones had come home but some relationships got quite strained not just because of the separation but also because of the experiences that people had been through. For instance, if a soldier came back wounded, physically or psychologically, then that would have an impact.
Equally, it's important to remember that for thousands of women their loved ones wouldn't be coming home so they had to try and cope with the grief and also thinking about their next steps and the future, how they were going to support their family. There was a lot of upheaval, anxiety and emotion.
For more amazing stories from World War I, pick up the new issue of History of War or subscribe now and save 30% off the cover price.
Commenting recently on the Elliot Rodger killings, arch-leftist Michael Moore wrote that while “other countries have more violent pasts…more guns per capita in their homes…and the kids in most other countries watch the same violent movies and play the same violent video games that our kids play, no one even comes close to killing as many of its own citizens on a daily basis as we do….” From a man who used to take the simple-minded gun-control position “fewer guns = less homicide,” it was surprising evidence of growth. After making their point, however, Moore made a mistake in following up with, “and yet we don't seem to want to ask ourselves this simple question: "Why us? What is it about US?” It's not, however, that we don't want to ask the question.
We can begin seeking it by asking another question: Why is it that Vermont, with approximately the same rate of gun ownership as Louisiana, has less than one-eighth the murder rate? Even more strikingly, why does New Hampshire have both a far higher gun ownership rate and a lower murder rate than England, Piers Morgan's favorite poster-boy nation for gun control?
Professor Thomas Sowell provided more of these seeming contradictions in 2012, writing:
When it comes to the rate of gun ownership, that is higher in rural areas than in urban areas, but the murder rate is higher in urban areas. The rate of gun ownership is higher among whites than among blacks, but the murder rate is higher among blacks. … [There are also] countries with stronger gun control laws than the United States, such as Russia, Brazil and Mexico. All of these countries have higher murder rates than the United States. You could compare other sets of countries and get similar results. Gun ownership has been three times as high in Switzerland as in Germany, but the Swiss have had lower murder rates. Other countries with high rates of gun ownership and low murder rates include Israel, New Zealand, and Finland.
So what's the answer we don't want to hear? The critical difference among these regions and nations is explained right in Sowell's title: it's “not guns.”
“It's people.”
What “people” differences are relevant? Let's start with race and ethnicity. In the cases of homicide in 2012 in which the races of the perpetrators were known, 55 percent were committed by blacks, 62 percent of whom were under 30 years of age. Black youths are 16 percent of the youth population, but constitute 52 percent of those arrested for juvenile violent crime.
The statistics for Hispanics are more difficult to ferret out because, unbeknownst to many, law enforcement agencies tend to lump them in with whites in crime statistics (the FBI has announced that it will finally categorize Hispanic crime — in its report on 2013). However, there is some information available. Examiner's Ken LaRive tells us that “Hispanics commit three times more violent crimes than whites,” but that the disparity could be even greater because of their often being classified as white.
The National Youth Gang Survey Analysis reports that gang members are approximately 49 percent Hispanic, 35 percent black and 10 percent white. And while whites are 35 percent of NYC's population, blacks and Hispanics commit 96 percent of all crime in the Big Apple and 98 percent of all gun crime.
Another good indicator is international crime statistics. Hispanic countries dominate the homicide-rate rankings, with Honduras topping the list with a rate eight times as high as that of our worst state, Louisiana. Also note that there are no European/European descent nations in the top 20 and not one Western-tradition nation in the top 30 (Russia and Moldova are 24 and 28, respectively).
And what can we say about these “people” differences? It's much as with the question of why men are more likely to be drunkards than women. You could explore whether the differences were attributable to nature, nurture or both. But it would be silly to wonder if the answer lay in men having greater access to bars, alcohol or shot glasses.
This brings us to why covering up minority criminality encourages gun control:
Americans won't understand that the critical factor is people differences if they aren't told about the people differences.
They will then — especially since most citizens aren't even aware that there are nations with more firearms but less murder — be much more likely to blame guns. Of course, this is precisely what you want if you're a left-wing media propagandist.
There is a question that could now be posed by the other side: if the main difference in criminality is demographics, why not outlaw guns? After all, it won't make a difference one way or the other, right? I'll offer a couple of answers to this question.
First, for a people to maintain just liberties, a freedom must always be considered innocent until proven guilty; the burden of proof is not on those who would retain it, but on those who would take it away.
Second, while private gun ownership and just law enforcement can't turn barbarians into civilized people any more than excellent schools can transform dunces into geniuses, they can act as mitigating factors that minimize criminality as much as possible given the “raw material” with which the particular society has to work. It's much as how you can maximize your personal safety: you may be safer in a great neighborhood with no martial arts training than in a terrible one with that training. Nonetheless, it allows you to be safer than you would be otherwise whatever neighborhood you choose.
And what do the stats show in our fair to middling USA neighborhood? Florida State University criminologist Gary Kleck reported that guns are used by good citizens 2.2 to 2.5 million times per year to deter crime. That likely saves many more innocent lives than are lost in massacres every year, but these unseen non-victims don't make headlines the way Sandy Hook tragedies do. That's why I like to say, using a twist on a Frédéric Bastiat line, a bad social analyst observes only what can be seen. A good social analyst observes what can be seen — and what must be foreseen.
Lastly, one more truth becomes evident upon recognizing that demographics are the main factor in criminality: even if you do believe in gun control, imposing it federally and applying a one-size fits all standard is ridiculous. In terms of people and crime, there's a world of difference between towns in New Hampshire or Vermont, with their England-level murder rates, and cities such as East St. Louis, IL, or Detroit, which rival El Salvador in citizen lethality. You can make gun control the same everywhere, but you can't change the fact that people will be very, very different.
Contact Selwyn Duke, follow them on Twitter or log on to SelwynDuke.com
With their top two off season priorities now on the back burner, the Detroit Red Wings have started to focus on signing their second tier of free agents. By signing Nicklas Lidstrom and Tomas Holmstrom to deals last week, the Wings are now turning their attention to another veteran: Todd Bertuzzi.
Bertuzzi has stirred debate amongst Wings fans ever since they first arrived here back in 2006. Back then, Bertuzzi was fresh off the Steve Moore incident and many wondered if having them on the roster put the integrity of the team at risk. Bert's first stint in Motown was a short one, lasting a combined 24 games (8 regular seasons, 16 playoffs), tallying a combined five goals and six assists.
After an early playoff exit, Bertuzzi was unsurprisingly let go. He's bounced around the league ever since, which have included stints in Anaheim and Calgary. Now after a semi-successful return to the Wings, Bertuzzi is once again a free agent with an uncertain future. Detroit wants them back, but only has a certain amount of cap space available for him.
Bertuzzi has said they will re-sign with Detroit or retire. The question has become how badly they want to keep playing.
Much like their previous time here, many Detroit fans were split when the Wings signed Bertuzzi last off season to a $1.5 million, one-year deal. After contributing 44 points in the regular season and 11 in the playoffs, it seems that opinion about Bertuzzi has shifted in their favor. He's won over many fans with their hard work ethic, and willingness to be a secondary "Holmstrom" in front of the opposing goaltender. In an injury plagued season, they were just one of three Red Wings to play all 82 games.
They still have their detractors, however. Bertuzzi has a bad habit of taking untimely penalties, one of which cost the Red Wings a game back when they were fighting for playoff position. Even worse, it seems half the penalties they have taken have been reputation calls. He'll make blind passes to no one at times, and isn't exactly the best skater on the team.
But then again, every once in awhile, he'll do this:
There's no doubt that Bertuzzi can contribute to this team. When put on one of the top two lines, he's definitely one of the Wings' better producers. But Bertuzzi's stats may suffer next season with the return of Jiri Hudler, who is certainly going to garner a spot on one of the top two lines. That could mean Bertuzzi would be pushed down to the third line, a spot where they have struggled to produce.
General Manager Ken Holland finds themselves in a tough spot here. Holland wants them back, but with Bertuzzi pondering retirement they may talk them into it if they go too low with their offer. Then again, they can't spend too much or else they won't have enough money to re-sign other free agents like Darren Helm, Justin Abdelkader, Drew Miller and Patrick Eaves.
The best option for Detroit is to offer a contract in the same neighborhood of the $1.5 million range that Bertuzzi made this year, likely a little less than that. At 35, the biggest thing Bertuzzi wants is stability, so if the Wings offer them a two-year, $2.5-$2.8 million deal they might be inclined to take it. It's a slight paycut, but he'll be hard-pressed to find better offers on the open market.
No matter what happens, it will most likely start another debate amongst Wings fans about Bertuzzi's role on this team. Some will argue they don't fit the system, others will say that they bring a much-needed physical presence. The only thing we can hope for at this point is that this eventually works out---for Bertuzzi and the Red Wings.
UPDATE: There is now a poll attached to voice your opinion.
Hawaii Marijuana Legalization Bill Dies In House
HONOLULU, HI — A bill that would have legalized marijuana in Hawaii for adults 21 and over died at the State House on Tuesday when the chair of the House Judiciary Committee pulled the plug.
House Bill 699, The Personal Use of Marijuana Act, would have legalized the possession of up to an ounce or less of marijuana and the private cultivation of a limited number of cannabis plants for adults 21 years of age and older.
HB 699 would have also allowed for the commercial cultivation and sale of marijuana, regulating marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol by amending Chapter 329 of the Hawaii Revised Statutes.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Karl Rhoads said they decided to defer the bill after learning from House leadership that the initiative may not have had enough votes to pass the House, although key lawmakers in the Democratic-controlled House, including the House Speaker Joseph Souki and majority leader Scott Saiki, supported the measure.
Rep. Derek Kawakami, one of the 11 cosponsors of the bill, said they were looking forward to having an open discussion on taxing and regulating marijuana in Hawaii until Rep. Karl Rhoads' decision to defer the bill, even tough it had enough votes to pass the committee, effectively killed it for this session.
“I'm somewhat disappointed we weren't able to have further discussion,” said Kawakami, adding that it's still early in this year's legislative session.
In the state Legislature, chairpersons of committees have a “tremendous amount of latitude” as far as what bills they decide to hear and what decisions are being made as far as deferring or amending bills, Kawakami said.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
“We are dealing with almost 3,000 bills,” they added. “The chairs have to practice discretion as to what bills they want to hear; and if they do hear them, what bills they decide to move forward.”
Had the bill advanced beyond the House Judiciary Committee, it would have progressed to the Finance Committee for further study before advancing to the full House for a vote.
Recent polls suggest that Hawaii residents are increasingly in favor of ending cannabis prohibition, the most recent found that 57% of Hawaii voters believe marijuana should be regulated, taxed, and legal for adults.
Pamela Lichty, head of the Hawaii Drug Policy Action Group, says the organization is disappointed with the outcome but the fact that there were more than 20 marijuana-related bills were introduced this year is a sign of public support for the initiative.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
A similar measure, House Bill 150, has not yet been acted on, but has also been assigned to the House Judiciary Committee and is likely to suffer the same fate. The primary difference between the two measures was the inclusion of a cannabis tax in HB 699.
Eyes now turn to New Hampshire, where hearings on marijuana legalization bills will be heard at the State House on Thursday.
Tags: Hawaii
I don't condemn Randy Wittman for speaking their mind in their post-game presser following yesterday's shellacking in Detroit (embedded above), in fact, I encourage it. I like this side of them better. The side that isn't always resorting to coach-speak when attempting to decipher what went wrong in a 48 minute game of basketball. Instead of hearing about a lack of toughness or heart, I like when when a coach dives into the X's and O's or when they simply explain a critical juncture where they think ultimately lost them the game.
To Wittman's assessment, that juncture was right before halftime. To that point, Washington had owned the paint that quarter by punishing Detroit for going small with Anthony Tolliver at the four. They got productive minutes out of Ramon Sessions, allowed Wall to run off missed shots, and slowly enough, built an 11-point lead.
Then, with two minutes to go, everything would go south according to Randy:
"Awful. It's the same thing we talk about closing out quarters. We took three of the God-awful-est shots you could take. All threes, like we're smoking hot from the three - we made one last game and 6 tonight - and it [the lead] goes quickly from 11 to 5. That's huge. We play the last couple of minutes of quarters like it's a pickup game and it's the same thing. We talk about it, we work on it and we keep doing the same thing."
Here are those attempts:
While I agree on the sheer lunacy of those shots in a vacuum, it should be worth mentioning that the Pistons didn't convert on their end following any of those possessions either. And it's not as if they were simply gunning for threes. They had a plan in place to attack early against Drummond -- which had found plenty of success earlier in that quarter -- but the execution was lacking.
Had Rasual gotten the ball from John earlier, he's getting to the rim. Instead, the pass is a beat late; Butler doesn't reset and takes the ill-advised shot with 20 seconds left on the shot clock.
Or the Wall three, which is the classic two-for-one that they hunt for on a regular basis. He's been bagging extra possessions for Wittman for years, but now it's a problem? My guess is that it has something to do with CSN Washington's report last week:
End-of-quarter situations will change. It's alarming with the way the Wizards are failing to execute here and the coaching staff has to show more imagination, and that's a discussion that has been talked about, including here in a blog from owner Ted Leonsis.
All told, this particular critique seems off-base. I have more of a problem with DeJuan Blair -- not Kris Humphries -- coming in for Marcin Gortat at the 1:18 mark. Here's what followed:
Is completely out of position on a high screen and roll against Reggie Jackson and commits a silly reach-in foul that sends Jackson to the line.
Turns it over after attempting to finish through two Pistons defenders. If they were quick enough to react, they would've made Cartier Martin pay for digging too far down by passing it off to Butler in the corner.
But the dagger was Wall understandably going under a Jackson screen with 15 seconds remaining, which netted an open three. Not everything works out as planned, and while Washington would've been better served using those three possessions that they wasted on three-point attempts, it was far from their most damming slip-up. I don't expect Wittman to admit they made a mistake subbing in Blair, but don't sound-off on your players every presser as if to say you coached a perfect game.
"We don't have guys that will put the ball on the floor and attack the rim, get cheap fouls, get to the free throw line," Wittman said. "We continually take contested shots. That hurt us."
Is that a shot at the front office, who may have taken part in criticizing their offensive game-plan over the Star break, or their players? If it's the former, that's a problem. They may not have built this team from the ground-up, but they played a role in jettisoning young talent in favor of veterans, who, to no one's surprise, are struggling in an 82-game season.
Or is it the players, who are under an inside-out offensive approach that they implemented, and a system that largely dictates playing two traditional big men that inevitably comes at the cost of good floor spacing? I'm not absolving the players for not attacking more off the dribble, but it would help if their best player didn't constantly see this every time down the floor:
If you want your players to attack more, you don't encourage them to take the first open jumper they see. It's become comical at this point: team's are running efficient, modernized offenses while the Wizards continue to play through the post or chuck away from midrange. Yesterday, the Pistons put up 106 points, 102 of them came from either the three, the rim, or the FT line. It's a symbiotic relationship. Spread the floor out, and you get more driving lanes. Wittman hasn't grasped this yet.
I want to see legitimacy to these claims, and that's where Wittman has fallen short of in the past. Two years ago it was their reproach to the team's lack of post touches on offense against Memphis that sparked our curiosity, and last year against the Spurs, when they vehemently denied switching being a tenet in their defensively philosophy despite all signs pointing to the contrary.
We know not to take everything they say verbatim. They hardly have a chance to process what goes down on most nights during those post-game scrums, especially if their team falls just short of a win. But in a blowout that more or less mirrored their undoing against Cleveland? That's unacceptable and it's time they start taking responsibility.
In the wake of growing criticism over conditions at Rikers Island, Mayor Bill de Blasio enacted legislation on Thursday to boost oversight of the use of solitary confinement at the jail.
The law, which was passed by the City Council last week, will require the Department of Correction to publish quarterly reports detailing the number of inmates in solitary confinement, their length of stay and whether they were injured or assaulted. But it does not include any provisions that would directly curtail guard brutality or, as inmate advocates have long hoped, the use of isolation as punishment.
Mr. de Blasio said the law would “help us to manage the jails more effectively and address the problems that were left to us.” The first report is due in January.
At Rikers, solitary confinement, also known as punitive segregation, is used to discipline inmates who violate jail rules. Inmates are locked in small cells for 23 hours a day and have almost no human contact besides short interactions with the jail staff. Inmates are given an hour of recreation time per day, which they are allowed to spend outside shackled and in small cages. Some inmates spend months locked away.
Why I am an Independent
Alaska's Economy
Campaign Finance Reform
Medicare
Medicaid Expansion and the Affordable Care Act
National Defense
Supreme Court Nomination
Standing Up for Alaska Native Communities
Veteran Issues
Taxes
Immigration
LGBT Rights
Reproductive Rights
Second Amendment Rights
I was a Republican most of my adult life. But I have become disillusioned with the role that the special interests, big corporations, and the powerful elites play in Washington. The resulting dysfunction harms our country, damages our economy – including here in Alaska – and erodes confidence in our democratic institutions. People don't trust Washington because Washington no longer works for them.
These concerns have motivated me to run as an Independent. We want our government to work as the Framers of our Constitution intended. We must restore a national sense of purpose and create a strong economy while always protecting our civil and political liberties. A functional Congress is essential to achieving these goals. As an Independent, I will not be beholden to corporations or the political parties. I will advance reasonable, rational, pragmatic solutions to the systemic problems that are threatening our State and our country. I will seek out and advocate for the best ideas – regardless of where they come from – to help solve this nation's pressing problems. With independent leadership, we can again make Washington work for Alaska and the country.
Top
Alaska faces major economic threats, but there are steps we can take at the federal level to help the situation. We must continue to promote responsible resource development while protecting the environment. Resource development will be a central part of Alaska's economy for the foreseeable future, but at the same time, we can't afford to ruin the environment that provides sustenance to our people.
Alaska is ground zero for the ongoing effects of climate change. We should be a national and world leader in climate change research and global warming mitigation efforts. Our state university system should lead the way in this area.
We must continue to protect and help market our Alaska seafood resources and promote Alaska tourism. I'm dedicated to helping manage these industries responsibly for the benefit of all Alaskans.
Finally, we must encourage additional federal investment and development in Alaska. We must be vigilant to protect Alaska's legitimate interests from federal encroachment, but at the same time, we need strong, constructive working relationships with the federal government wherever possible.
Top
Money is at the heart of the problems in Washington. Political spending is out of control. Our legislators answer to the moneyed special interests. In 2015, for example, Lisa Murkowski only raised $31,517 from donations of $200 or less. In the same period, they raised $1.26 million from more than 500 separate leadership and corporate Political Action Committees (PACs).
Who is going to have Lisa Murkowski's ear? They will listen to powerful corporations and wealthy individuals but not to ordinary Alaskans.
I have decided not to accept corporate PAC money. Refusing corporate PAC money is an important step in placing the people's interests front and center as my only focus in Washington. I also support a reversal of the Citizens United decision, a federal rule to ban contributions from lobbyists and PACs while Congress is in session, a complete disclosure of political spending, and a ban on Congressional leadership PACs.
Top
Today, Medicare covers 55 million Americans, and 98 percent of those age 65 and older are insured. Medicare has successfully provided access to healthcare for millions of older adults while protecting them from ruinous healthcare costs. No doubt, Medicare faces continuing challenges, but there are changes we can make to strengthen it, including eliminating the exemption from “best price” rebates that drug companies are already required to provide state Medicaid programs and the VA.
Rather than improving Medicare, Lisa Murkowski has repeatedly voted for the “Ryan Budget,” which will convert Medicare into a complicated voucher system. Depending on the mix of prices, beneficiaries may have to use their own funds in addition to their vouchers to remain in Medicare. Growth in Medicare spending would be limited by a formula that is below the typical annual increase in healthcare costs and vouchers would purchase less and less coverage every year. People would lose coverage and pay more under this complex, unworkable formula.
Most Alaskans are dependent on Medicare or they are counting on it. These benefits must be 100 percent protected, and that is why I am against converting Medicare into a voucher system.
Top
Like most Alaskans, I support the federally-funded expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). The ACA must be improved, but I do not support repealing the ACA and replacing it with nothing. Medicaid expansion is bringing millions of federal dollars into the state, supporting hundreds of jobs, and providing needed medical services to thousands of Alaskans. Medicaid expansion was supported by Alaska Faith in Action Together, the Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium, the Anchorage and State Chambers of Commerce, and numerous other groups. The ACA also allows parents to keep their children on their health insurance policies until age 26, allows individuals with pre-existing conditions to get insurance, and expands coverage for mental health and drug addiction issues – problems for which we have critical health care service needs. Lisa Murkowski once said that repealing the ACA was not the answer because repealing it without replacing it would not address needed health care reform. They have again flip-flopped on this issue, most recently voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement and voting to pull hundreds of millions of federal dollars out of Alaska.
Top
I spent 28 years in the Army Reserve. I graduated from the Army War College and have taught at the United States Military Academy at West Point. I support a strong national defense. At the same time, we must not send our troops into harm's way without conducting a thorough and dispassionate analysis of the need, feasibility and cost (both human and economic) of any proposed operation. If we do send our troops to fight, we must be committed to caring for the injured and wounded and to assisting their families and the families of those who have made the ultimate sacrifice. Once we decide to act, we should also provide every resource necessary to bring a decisive end to the conflict.
Although I support a strong national defense, I do not support rubber-stamping military spending requests. Runaway military spending, particularly on questionable weapons systems, ultimately results in less national defense and a less robust economy. As an Independent who will not accept corporate PAC money, I will make defense budget decisions based on the best available evidence and solely in the interests of Alaskans and the citizens of our country.
Top
Congress' refusal to hold hearings and vote on the recent Supreme Court nominee is only the most recent example of the extreme partisan obstruction that has taken hold of the “world's greatest deliberative body.” As we know, the Constitution directs the President to submit a nominee to the Senate for consideration. While the Senate may approve or disapprove of the nominee, the process of publicly vetting and voting on the nominee acts as a restraint on unbridled partisan politics. With the Senate's failure to act on this nomination, the current leadership in that chamber has thrown aside even that limited check on Congressional intransigence and gridlock. Both parties are to blame for scorched earth tactics that have tied Congress and our federal government in knots. But Congressional obstruction is not limited to the recent Supreme Court nomination. In addition to Congress' failure to vote on dozens of additional judicial nominees, more than 140 individuals seeking to fill important non-judicial federal jobs have found their nominations stalled in the Senate.
Top
I will listen closely to our Alaska Native communities and collaborate with them to encourage self-determination and economic development. Lisa Murkowski has failed to do that and has flip-flopped on issues of critical importance to Alaska Natives, including the Violence Against Women Act. I will work closely with Native groups and the federal government to address pressing issues such as subsistence rights, environmental remediation, funding for water and sewer systems, ways to address the increasing adverse effects of climate change, and the need for law enforcement resources in remote communities. I will work closely with Alaska Native communities on social issues, since those communities often have solutions to vexing problems that are best developed organically at the local level.
Top
I began my active duty military service at Fort Richardson in 1986. After serving 28 years as a Reserve officer who performed multiple active duty tours, I appreciate and understand veteran's issues. It goes without saying that the VA must provide prompt and effective assistance to veterans who have honorably served their country. Many veterans still face lengthy bureaucratic obstacles in confirming their eligibility for VA services and endure lengthy wait times to schedule appointments and receive treatment. As your U.S. senator, I will push hard for additional funding to improve the treatment of Alaska veterans and provide the necessary oversight to make sure that happens.
Top
Due to partisan gridlock, our federal tax code has not been overhauled in 30 years, and as a result the complexity of the tax code has mushroomed. While some deductions and credits make sense, U.S. senators and House members have also added a mountain of tax loopholes for wealthy special interests. For example, yearly fees paid to hedge fund managers are inexplicably taxed at the lower capital gains tax rate rather than at the ordinary income tax rates paid by regular wage-earning Americans. That has to change. Also, while we have a relatively high 35 percent statutory corporate tax rate on the books, the effective tax rate (the rate actually paid by corporations) is far lower due to numerous exemptions, deductions, and credits. Large multinational corporations have learned to offshore income to foreign tax havens just as they have learned to offshore manufacturing jobs to low-wage foreign countries. Small and medium-size corporations without foreign operations and teams of sophisticated tax lawyers are stuck paying the higher statutory rate and find it all the more difficult to compete against giant multi-national companies. Overall, the percentage of federal revenue from corporate taxes has steadily decreased from approximately 30 percent in the mid-1950s to 10 percent or less today. Although our federal tax code has become an antiquated mess, Congress has failed to do anything to fix it.
Top
The United States has a unique immigration history, starting with George Washington who gave their orders at Valley Forge in English and German. Our native communities – here in Alaska and elsewhere – are the only original Americans. We need a rational immigration system worthy of our successful immigrant heritage. Today, everyone agrees that the legal immigration system is broken. And yet Congress has failed to act time and time again. We cannot afford to wait any longer, and as your U.S. senator, I will make immigration reform a priority.
Top
I believe in equal rights for our fellow LGBT citizens and am opposed to the current efforts to legislate discrimination against LGBT individuals. I support the right of gay and lesbian military service members to serve openly in our Armed Forces. Equal rights for every individual should not be a partisan issue.
Top
Reproductive health decisions should continue to be individual decisions based on one's own values and principles. Government should not be making these decisions for women. As a member of the U.S. Senate, I will support a woman's right to make their own reproductive decisions. No one wants to see more abortions, and the best way to reduce the number of abortions is through effective family planning and education. I am opposed to efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and am troubled by the recent efforts of many in my former party to demonize this organization. As your U.S. senator, I will fight to support the reproductive rights of every woman and the freedom to make our own health decisions.
Top
I am a strong supporter of the Second Amendment. I am familiar with guns from my career in the Army, and my husband and I have owned guns for many decades. I've also been an NRA member for many years. My guiding principle will be to do what is best for the State of Alaska, which tragically is ranked first in the country for gun deaths. Suicide is the leading cause of gun deaths in Alaska and elsewhere, and we need to look at a range of steps to reduce this unacceptable death rate, including better mental health outreach and treatment and improved gun safety training.
• Initial plan is for third bout with Evander Holyfield • Both appeared together recently on Oprah Winfrey show
Mike Tyson is reportedly considering a comeback to the ring later this year, possibly against Evander Holyfield.
The boxing website, Ringsidereport.com, quoting a source close to Tyson, reports that his, "former promoter Don King has a tentative deal for Tyson to return to the ring in late 2010. The initial plan is to have Tyson-Holyfield III, but there is rumoured hesitation on the part of Iron Mike, and there is a plan B''.
The former world heavyweight champion, 43, retired in June 2005 after refusing to come out for round seven against the Irish journeyman Kevin McBride. The British heavyweights Danny Williams and Lennox Lewis had also knocked out Tyson in the closing stages of their turbulent career.
The 47-year-old Holyfield is due to fight the South African Frans Botha, 41, in Las Vegas on 17 April. They fought and beat Tyson twice, losing bits of their ear in the second bout. They spoke amicably when guests on Oprah Winfrey's TV show recently.
Alternative opponents named for Tyson include the former world cruiserweight champion Jean Mormeck, who lost their title to David Haye, and obscure heavyweights Tony Grano, Vinny Maddalone and Derric Rossy.
Tyson looked to have lost up to 40lbs for a recent walk-on appearance on the Italian TV programme, "Dancing With Stars", according to Boxing News, which would put them near their fighting weight of 15st 10lb.
Interest in Tyson historically has fluctuated according to their behaviour away from boxing, but their profile in the past couple of years has been largely sympathetic. They were moving and articulate in an eponymous documentary that won several awards, and had a small part in the hit Hollywood comedy, The Hangover.
In addition, Google's developer dashboard gives a breakdown of active Android devices by screen size: in the first week of July they accounted for 12.6%, not including phablets. And since Google also, for the first time, told us the active base, 'over 1bn', we can calculate an active tablet base of at least 126m devices, rising to 138m if we take 'over 1bn' as 1.1bn.
So.
Apple, almost uniquely in the market, reports tablet sales and shipments. In the last 12m (which I presume that "62% in 2014" bubble refers to) iPad shipment were 69.7m and sales were 73m. If Android tablets indeed had 62% of sales (the chart isn't clear if it refers to sales or shipments) then that would equate to a market of 192m units and 119m Android tablets sold in the last 12 months.
This would imply that Android tablets have an average active life of a little under a year. Or, that they have a life of more like two years (say) but half of them are inactive.
Conversely, it's pretty clear that the active life of an iPad is if anything too long, from Apple's point of view - at least two years and probably longer. Apple has sold 143m iPads in the last two years and 196m in the last three.
That, in turn, implies that each iPad unit sale is worth 2x more active devices over time than an Android tablet sale - before looking at actual usage.
There are, though, two problems with this data. The first is that it's not clear if that 'Android tablets market share' includes AOSP tablets in China, where the vast majority Android devices have no Google services and hence do not show up in Google's active user figure or the developer dashboard screen size breakdown. Sundar did say that this doesn't include Kindle and other Android variants, which would add 'a few percentage points'. So it probably doesn't attempt to include China.
The second is that it appears that a very large number of cheap Android tablets are used mostly or entirely offline, consuming video via SD card and playing games. So those might not be in Google's MAU data either.
A year ago, Google gave a more explicit set of numbers for Android tablet sales, in the chart below. If you eyeball the numbers, that equates to 50m tablet activations (i.e. not AOSP) in the 12m to July 2013.
The first thing that struck me after my recent move to Bangalore was the proliferation of startups. The tech entrepreneurs and startups continue to receive a lot of media attention: Business sections of newspapers devote considerable bandwidth to feature startups, especially those focused on digital technologies. While many startups benefit from the much-needed media spotlight, a few like Flipkart and Ola also find themselves at the receiving end. (Ref "Why Do We Love To Hate Flipkart")
Years ago, I visited an old western mining town, a couple of hour's drive from Silicon Valley that had been the epicenter of the California Gold Rush. The tour guide regaled us with stories of the gold rush, and the wild west. Wikipedia:
While most of the newly arrived were Americans, the Gold Rush attracted tens of thousands from Latin America, Europe, Australia, and China. At first, the prospectors retrieved the gold from streams and riverbeds using simple techniques, such as panning. More sophisticated methods of gold recovery were developed and later adopted around the world. At its peak, technological advances reached a point where significant financing was required, increasing the proportion of gold companies to individual miners. Gold worth tens of billions of today's dollars was recovered, which led to great wealth for a few. However, many returned home with little more than they had started with ......
The effects of the Gold Rush were substantial. San Francisco grew from a small settlement of about 200 residents in 1846 to a boomtown of about 36,000 by 1852. Roads, churches, schools and other towns were built throughout California.
The much talked about startup ecosystem in Bengaluru is vibrant and has become the Launchpad for tech entrepreneurs that aspire to go global. This was evident during my recent tour of NASSCOM sponsored startup accelerators in Bangalore. (link: my notes from the visit). However, during and after the tour, I couldn't shake off the image of the gold rush, mining and prospecting.
Almost every techie has an opinion on startups. Not surprisingly, many of my friends and peers have caught the entrepreneurial bug, which is infectious. Some proudly don the CIO / CTO /co-founder titles, and are willing to learn the business of managing and selling technology solutions. Others have ventured into venture capital, angel investing and running incubators; and academics and consultants have discovered the (lucrative) business of advising startups.
Viewed from one angle, the similarities between the California gold rush and the startup boom are distinct.
How this digital gold rush ends is anyone's guess. Unlike the earlier offshoring IT services boom that took off despite government apathy, this time around industry bodies like NASSCOM, academic institution and governments agencies are trying to actively engage entrepreneurs by enabling incubators and “startup warehouses.” Corporations and businesses are also actively engaging with entrepreneurs.
But if history is any indicator, “technological advances reached a point where significant financing was required, increasing the proportion of gold tech companies to individual miners entrepreneur. The effects of the Gold Rush were will be substantial. ….. Roads, churches, temples, schools and other towns were will continue to be built throughout Karnataka California .
================================
Thanks for reading! Please click on Like, Share, Tweet or Comment below to continue this conversation (updated title)
Peace accord signed between Ukrainian president and opposition leaders English translation:
Agreement on the Settlement of Crisis in Ukraine Concerned with the tragic loss of life in Ukraine, seeking an immediate end of bloodshed and determined to pave the way for a political resolution of the crisis, We, the signing parties, have agreed upon the following: 1. Within 48 hours of the signing of this agreement, a special law will be adopted, signed and promulgated, which will restore the Constitution of 2004 including amendments passed until now. Signatories declare their intention to create a coalition and form a national unity government within 10 days thereafter. 2. Constitutional reform, balancing the powers of the President, the government and parliament, will start immediately and be completed in September 2014. 3. Presidential elections will be held as soon as the new Constitution is adopted but no later than December 2014. New electoral laws will be passed and a new Central Election Commission will be formed on the basis of proportionality and in accordance with the OSCE & Venice commission rules. 4. Investigation into recent acts of violence will be conducted under joint monitoring from the authorities, the opposition and the Council of Europe. 5. The authorities will not impose a state of emergency. The authorities and the opposition will refrain from the use of violence. The Parliament will adopt the 3 rd amnesty, covering the same range of illegal actions as the 17 th February 2014 law. Both parties will undertake serious efforts for the normalisation of life in the cities and villages by withdrawing from administrative and public buildings and unblocking streets, city parks and squares. Illegal weapons should be handed over to the Ministry of Interior bodies within 24 hours of the special law, referred to in point 1 hereof, coming into force. After the asupervisorstioned period, all cases of illegal carrying and storage of weapons will fall under the law of Ukraine. The forces of authorities and of the opposition will step back from confrontational posture. The Government will use law enforcement forces exclusively for the physical protection of public buildings. 6. The Foreign Ministers of France, Germany, Poland and the Special Representative of the President of the Russian Federation call for an immediate end to all violence and confrontation. Kyiv, 21 February 2014 Signatories: President of Ukraine: For the Opposition: Vitaliy Klichko, UDAR Oleh Tyahnibok, Svoboda Arse ni Yat sen iuk , Bat kiv shch na
BOSTON, MA - Boston Bruins General Manager Don Sweeney announced today, September 24, that Frank Vatrano tore ligaments in their left foot while training. They will undergo a surgical repair by Dr. George Theodore at Massachusetts General Hospital on Monday, September 26, 2016. The expected recovery time is three months.
Vatrano, 22, appeared in 39 games with the Bruins in 2015-16, recording eight goals and three assists for 11 points with 14 penalty minutes.
Vatrano led the American Hockey League (AHL) in goals in 2015-16, averaging one goal per contest with 36 tallies in 36 games. The 5'9", 201-pound forward had three hat tricks and six multi-goal games on the year at the AHL level, earning First-Team All-Star honors. Vatrano also added 19 assists for 55 total points with 22 penalty minutes and a plus-21 rating.
The East Longmeadow, Massachusetts native was originally signed by the Bruins as a free agent out of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst on March 13, 2015.
Ritchie's winner puts Newcastle two points ahead of second-placed Brighton
Matt Ritchie's first-half strike took Newcastle back to the top of the Championship as former boss Steve McClaren's return to St James' Park ended in defeat.
Ritchie's winner deflected off midfielder Bradley Johnson as the Magpies leapfrogged Brighton.
Aleksandar Mitrovic and Mohamed Diame both had chances to double the lead.
But Tom Ince should have levelled for Derby after the break when they fired wide with the goal at theirs mercy.
McClaren, who left Derby for Tyneside in June 2015, was sacked as Magpies boss 11 months ago. Despite bringing an in-form Rams team, who are on the cusp of the play-off places, to their old club, they will be left to rue Ince's chance that should have seen their side claim a point.
Newcastle dominated the first half but it took a moment of fortune for them to take the lead as Ritchie's shot hit Johnson before looping over Rams keeper Scott Carson.
Diame then went close to doubling the lead when they fired at goal to force a great save from Carson and the Magpies should have been 2-0 up after the break when Mitrovic fired wide when only 10 yards from goal.
But Ince then wasted a very clear opportunity to level matters when they managed to steer an Abdoul Camara cross wide with the goal gaping.
And deep into injury time, Darren Bent was unfortunate to see their header cleared off the line by DeAndre Yedlin as the hosts held on to go two points clear at the top.
Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez told BBC Radio Newcastle:
"We had chances in the first half and chances at the beginning of the second half but we didn't take them and we were made to suffer a little bit, but it was important to get three points.
"When we got the goal we were in control but we were playing against a good team so in the second half we had to keep working hard and they had more control.
"The fans were really good from the beginning, you could feel the atmosphere and the fans appreciate that. The connection between players and fans is crucial if we want to go up."
Derby head coach Steve McClaren told BBC Radio Derby:
"I'm disappointed to lose points but we came here, had a go and got them nervous at the end.
"We were disappointed with our first-half performance and the goal, but in the second half we were fantastic and should not have lost that game."
Well, Microsoft kicked off its big E3 media briefing today with a big middle finger to rival console player Sony. Starting on July 1, XBOX Live Gold members who still have XBOX 360s will get two free game downloads per month to keep — according to Microsoft SVP Yusuf Mehdi, Assassin's Creed 2 and Halo 3 will be among the first titles to be available for Gold subscribers.
The big message? The Xbox 360 isn't dead yet, even with the One on the horizon. Microsoft has made no bones about its ambitions to conquer people's living rooms, and positioning the 360 as a platform with plenty of value should help the company move cheaper 360s even after its newfangled console has already launched.
Of course, this way of adding value will sound very familiar to a certain subset of gamers. Long time Sony fans already know about with the company's PlayStation Plus service, which allows its subscribers to download a handful of recent and prominent games provided they shell out money on a continuous basis. So far the service has been well-received (disclosure: I'm a PlayStation Plus subscriber myself), but it comes with one prominent caveat: games you download for free while a Plus member can't be played down the road if you let your subscription lapse. Microsoft's Mehdi blasted through this little segment of the show (fair enough, considering all the XBOX One demos to plow through), but it appears that the company will take a similar path. Mehdi did use the phrase “for keeps” though, so it almost seems as though users will be able to hang on to them indefinitely — I've reached out for clarification and will update this post once I hear back.
This is a developing story, please refresh for updates…
A few weeks after Apple Inc. (AAPL) fumbled the issue of using criminal background checks in hiring processes, Koch Industries has banned job application questions about candidates' criminal pasts.
The private corporation with subsidiaries in manufacturing, refining, trading, and investment made the move in March, joining other U.S. companies and a national movement trying to make it easier for ex-offenders to find work. “As a large United States-based manufacturing company that employs 60,000 American workers we shouldn't be rejecting people at the very start of the hiring process who may otherwise be capable and qualified, and want an opportunity to work hard,” Mark Holden, general counsel of the company, said in a statement to Fortune.
Based in Wichita, Kansas, Koch Industries is run by billionaire CEO Charles Koch, who—along with their brother David, an executive vice president and board member at the company—is known for supporting Republican political candidates and for holding staunch libertarian views. Charles Koch is also a vocal advocate for reforming the country's criminal justice system. In an op-ed in January, Koch and Holden wrote that overcriminalization “affects us all but most profoundly harms our disadvantaged citizens.” Their op-ed asked, “If ex-offenders can't get a job, education or housing, how can we possibly expect them to have a productive life?”
That question has been at the heart of the growing so-called ban the box movement, which prohibits employers from immediately asking jobseekers to disclose their criminal histories. One hundred cities and counties have adopted a ban the box policy, as have 16 states, with the governors of Vermont and Virginia signing executive orders to implement such rules this year. Six of those states have hiring laws that apply to private companies, in addition to public employers.
Individual corporations—like Koch Industries—have also acted independent of government regulations to remove criminal background checks from their own job application processes. In 2014, Bed Bath & Beyond stopped automatically rejecting job applicants with criminal histories. That same year, Target (TGT) rolled out a nationwide campaign to eliminate an application question that asked jobseekers about their criminal past. Wal-Mart (WMT) and Home Depot (HD) have done the same.
Apple came under fire earlier this month for a policy that banned workers with a felony conviction in the past seven years from working on the construction of the tech giant's new spaceship-like headquarters in Cupertino, California. The company later stopped the practice. “We recognize that this may have excluded some people who deserve a second chance,” the company said in a statement at the time.
Job application questions about criminal histories are thought to discriminate against the 70 million American adults with criminal records and to have a disproportionately negative effect on persons of color, who make up more than 60% of the country's incarcerated population. The majority of employers rely on criminal background checks despite their potentially harmful effects: almost 7 out of 10 companies use them.
VANCOUVER -- Justin Trudeau called on progressive cities to help form the next Liberal agenda during remarks at the annual convention of Canadian municipalities.
Their speech Sunday followed the release of the Federation of Canadian Municipalities' report criticizing how the federal government interacts with cities, which are under provincial jurisdiction.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW IMAGES
Ottawa has too often had “minimal response” to challenges facing cities, such as transportation, waste management and aging infrastructure, they told the crowd. Over 2,000 city officials were expected to attend the four-day conference at Canada Place.
“I hope each and every one of you will take this as an open invitation, whatever your political affiliation, to help shape our platform for 2015 and for the future of this great country,” Trudeau said.
Cities receive eight cents of every tax dollar, while the federal government takes 50 cents and the province takes 42 cents, while the vast majority of Canadians now live in urban areas.
“How do we ensure Canadians all have access to affordable housing? How do we make our communities, from the smallest outpost to the biggest city, the safest in the world? How can we ensure Canadians in our most rural communities can build strong futures for their families so their kids don't have to leave?” Trudeau asked.
“How do we ensure all levels of government have the revenue and the revenue sources we need to fulfil our responsibilities to Canadians?”
They said they believe the recent scandals in Ottawa and economic insecurity are adding to a sense of anxiety among Canadians that prevents them from addressing complex issues in society.
“For me, the biggest problem is that middle class Canadians have not had a decent raise in a generation. Over the past 30 years, the Canadian economy has more than doubled in size ... but middle class incomes, median family income has risen only 13 per cent. Because of that, anxiety is growing. Middle class Canadians are worried that progress, that core Canadian ideal, is under very real threat.”
Outgoing federation president Karen Leibovici said governments need to “put aside whatever the constitutional issues might be” and work together to “ensure we're providing the services that our citizens are looking for, that Canadians are looking for, as well as ensure we're competitive on the global stage.”
It was “encouraging” to hear Trudeau discuss making improvements to the federal-municipal relationship, said Vision Vancouver city councillor Raymond Louie.
“It's good to have Mr. Trudeau in our camp,” Louie said. “He believes he's part of that solution, that formula to remake the outdated intergovernmental arrangements that have been a barrier to making important decisions,” they said, pointing to upgrades for Vancouver's waste water infrastructure and transportation grid as spending requiring federal investment.
In a speech that had federal implications as well as municipal ones, Trudeau also sent up the Senate.
“Nobody, including myself, who has watched the goings-on in the Senate over the past year could possibly support the status quo,” said Trudeau, who said they want to see Senate reform without reopening the constitution.
A Florida woman is suing the state after it accidentally labeled them a "sexual predator" on their driver's license.
Tammy Lemasters visited Disney World with their three kids, but was immediately detained upon entering after employees saw what was printed on their driver's license, reports Mad World News.
"Lemasters started noticing people were treating them the wrong way,” said attorney John Phillips, who is representing them “A hotel wouldn't let them stay. [She] went to Disney World, the ‘Happiest Place on Earth,' and they said, ‘We can't let you in the park,'” they told the Orlando Sentinel.
Lemasters, who had recently moved from West Virginia to Florida, got a new driver's license and didn't notice what was printed in the corner.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"They asked me to check my name and address, and that's what I checked," Lemasters said. "The sexual-predator box is in the lower corner, and they had their finger there. I just took it and put it in my wallet. No one checks for 'sexual predator' on your license."
"The DMV simply clicked 'sexual predator' instead of 'organ donor,'" said Phillips. "There aren't any warning screens once an employee clicks 'sexual predator,' and there should be."
Phillips says the notation of "sexual predator" on Lemasters' ID comes from a "Scarlet Letter" law introduced by former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist, which requires all sexual offenders to be labeled as such on their identification.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
John Lucas, a DMV spokesperson in Tallahassee, said the agency has plans to update its driver's license systems, but in the meantime people need to make sure everything is OK before they leave the DMV.
Phillips points out that this isn't the first time such a mistake has been made. They claim to have been contacted by three individuals over the past few years who have been accidentally labeled sexual predators, including one blind man.
Lemasters has since gotten the "sexual predator" label removed from their ID, but is going forward with a lawsuit against the state.
Sources: Mad World News, Orlando Sentinel / Photo credit: Mad World News
Bitcoin and the underlying blockchain technology are already creating waves in the financial sector with many people considering it as the next big thing since the internet.
The blockchain technology is nothing but a decentralized public ledger that no one person or company owns or controls; users control it directly. This means it allows anyone to follow the movement of a bitcoin, from where it originated to where it currently resides. The technology is not just limited to bitcoin but has much broader applications.
Imogen Heap is the latest admirer of the blockchain technology and believes it could potentially provide a solution to music industry's woes. An article on The Guardian sheds light on the problems faced by artists in the music business and how Heap is trying to fix the problems with blockchain.
Heap is an award-winning songwriter and performer and has released four solo albums that have enjoyed commercial success in the UK and the US. She's also the only female artist to have won a Grammy for engineering.
As digital files can be reproduced and shared infinitely, it results in more consumption and lower average returns; the question arises about how the "creators", such as the writers, artists and musicians will get paid for it.
Some efforts have been made in this regard as Spotify, iTunes and YouTube have come with ways of monetising music and have been paying royalties to artists. Spotify charges premium users a monthly fee to listen to everything on its catalogue. YouTube came up with something called Content ID and the copyright owner gets to decide what happens to the content: whether to remove the material, "monetise" it or leave it and collect data about usage.
Heap started brainstorming ideas on releasing future music, after the release of last year's album, Sparks. It was then that they were introduced to blockchain technology by their musician friend, Zoë Keating.
"I started researching the tech," says Heap, "as I realised that the building blocks for a sustainable, useful ecosystem for music was coming into view. So I decided to release my new song in the way I think things should go, and help build the place I want my music to be a part of."
Mycelia, as they call it, would completely transform the music industry. Instead of supplying songs to multiple locations, it would enable uploading the single authenticated version of a song or album that everyone could draw from in one place.  They are inviting techies and hackers to collectively build Mycelia, or something similar, using Tiny Human, their next song, as the test case.
"One day, I hope a Mycelia-like place will exist: huge, beautiful, rich, colourful, loved, tended for; holding all music-related information ever recorded anywhere; connecting artists and fans and enabling the artist to be the best at their job, with incredible feedback loops, connecting dots that exist in ways we can't even imagine today."
Microsoft is trying to improve some of the existent technologies with those of its own if they prove to be better. The so-called Hyperlapse project was announced last year by Microsoft Research and was meant to remove camera shakes while capturing a video with a smartphone.
Basically, Hyperlapse researches some sort of advanced optical optimization that applies not only to Microsoft's Lumia smartphones, but it can be implemented to any smartphone camera from any brand.
Not many smartphones have cameras that benefit from the OIS (optical image stabilization) function and not even those can offer a smooth video recording experience when the person that handles the smartphone is on the move (like jogging or hiking).
However, with Hyperlapse Microsoft Research hopes to be able to reconstruct the camera movement in these otherwise shaky videos, as well as the distance and angle in relation to what is happening in each frame.
The project has initially started as a way to stabilize screenshots taken with GoPro cameras while on the move, but since Microsoft has found out that it can be applied to any smartphone cameras the project has become a major one for the Redmond-based company.
Hyperlapse Mobile Beta is only available to select Windows Phone users
The application that provides access to this software has just been spotted in Windows Phone Store by the folks over at MicrosoftInsider.es.
Before trying to get into the beta testing, you might want to know a little bit more about Microsoft Research's Hyperlapse project:
“Our method is fundamentally different from previous approaches. It reconstructs a full 3D camera path and world model. This enables smoothing the camera path in space-time and generating an output video with a constant-speed camera, skipping over 'slow' parts of the input video, such as waiting times in front of red lights.
“Just as importantly, our method can fill the missing regions in the video above by stitching together pixels from multiple input frames. Thanks to these two innovations we can handle much 'wilder' input videos, such as climbing or riding.”
Another day, another controversy in the Kardashian bubble.
This time, it is Kim Kardashian who has come under fire for their latest eBay Giving Works auction in which a “percentage of the proceeds” will aid victims of the Philippines typhoon disaster. But it's the key word “percentage” that has many crying fouls, as just 10 percent, while fully disclosed, will go to the International Medical Corps relief efforts.
“The proceeds will go directly to the communities they're serving in the Philippines and will help typhoon survivors get access to medical care and ultimately save lives,” Kardashian wrote on their auction page. “My prayers and thoughts are with those affected by the typhoon.”
However, crisis communications expert Glenn Selig is just one of many disturbed by the slim donation percentage and told FOX411 that typically most bidders assume the majority goes to the stated cause.
“When you say something is for the charity, the assumption is much more than 10 percent goes to charity. And when the charity angle is leveraged to boost bidding or to drum up news coverage, when only 10 percent goes to charity people likely will be taken,” they said. “It is wrong to mislead the public.”
More On This... The lovely and talented Kim Kardashian
Sources tell Fox411 that Kardashian does make a profit from the auction – which ended on Sunday – but contrary to multiple reports, it isn't 90 percent. EBay takes roughly 9 percent for eBay fees on fashion items, as well as 2.9 percent for domestic and 3.9 percent for international payments received. The auction promoters also take an undisclosed cut from the final sales.
But across the Twitterverse, many are up in arms that the prominent personality and fiancée of Kanye West, who is worth an estimated $40 million, isn't shelling out a little more.
“Kim Kardashian being selfish selling things for ‘charity' on eBay and only giving away 10%. Come on 50% at least,” wrote one. Another tweeted: “How dare you use these people's misery to make money? Don't you and boyfriend have enough money without using these poor wretched souls in their hour of desperation. Shame on you!”
Yet the E! reality star has been opening up their personal wardrobe to fans via the eBay Giving Works auction umbrella for several years, even long before they were a hugely known name in the entertainment industry, as FOX411 revealed last year. It has always been the case with their auctions that a disclosed 10 percent -- the minimal amount required by the eBay charitable arm -- would be donated to their designated philanthropic cause. And, according to their rep, Kardashian donates 10 percent of absolutely everything they earn – from public appearances to endorsements to their television salary – to charity, which would make them one of the most generous of the Hollywood types.
“Nobody has to give anything, and yet Kim gives 10 percent of everything and now they are being judged for it,” a rep for the star insisted.
Others also asserted that every little bit counts, and that Kardashian should be praised – not condemned – for their contributions in helping others, irrespective if they make a profit from it.
“People like to bash Kim all the time no matter what they do, and it simply isn't fair. This is the quintessential example of no good deed going unpunished. Kim Kardashian did the right thing – and it's simply not fair to bash them for this,” said Ronn Torossian, CEO of 5WPR, a leading NY PR Agency.
A rep for the International Medical Corps also stood by the star amid the ongoing backlash, stating that they are nothing but grateful for the reality star's support of their Philippines Typhoon Emergency Response.
“As International Medical Corps' emergency response teams are reaching the hardest-hit areas, it is critical that we're able to immediately deliver medical care and vital medicines,” the rep stated. “The generous support of all of our donors allows our first responders to rapidly deliver lifesaving health services to affected families, alleviate suffering and restore hope in the communities that need it most.”
And while eBay didn't comment directly on the Kardashian case, a rep for the company assured us that eBay Inc. is committed to building a future that enables and inspires charitable giving at a scale never seen before and, to-date, more than $350 million has been raised on eBay Giving Works, with more than 30,000 organizations benefiting from the auctions..
Hyderabad, Nov. 9: Andhra Pradesh chief minister Chandrababu Naidu has finally ended speculation on the jurisdiction and borders of the proposed capital city in Guntur district on the other side of the Krishna river.
The river divides Guntur and Krishna districts.
“The new capital region will be just 18km from the Krishna riverfront and the farmers who part with their fertile land in this region will benefit immensely,” Naidu said, trying to allay their fears.
Their declaration came in the backdrop of farmers of five villages, including the riverfront villages of Venkatayapalem and Rayapudi, both in Guntur district, protesting against a land-pooling exercise by the government.
Farmers of these villages protested against the “forcible acquisition of their fertile lands”.
Among their demands are 1,200 square yards of residential plots and employment for one eligible person for every acre of land acquired by the government. They also want legal sanctity for the transfer documents, alternative sources of revenue for temples, in case of acquisition of endowment lands, higher price for lands near highways and village-wise meetings before any final decision is taken.
The sub-committee of the Andhra cabinet on forming the capital had already announced land pooling and acquisition of 30,000 acres in 17 villages of Guntur district.
The new capital will extend 10.5km from Guntur Autonagar, an industrial hub, to Prakasam barrage, on the Krishna river, in the east; from Borupalem village in the west to the barrage, and from Autonagar Y Junction to the Ring road, covering almost 16km, in the south.
As part of the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act, 2014, the NDA government has already sanctioned Rs 5,000 crore for the new capital. The Naidu government is also raising funds through public and corporate contributions and also Social Impact Bonds.
“We will need a minimum of four to six years to build the capital city with an Assembly, secretariat, high court, quarters for staff and other government offices,” said P. Narayana, a minister and the key person in the proposed State Capital Region Development Authority.
The Gist: With 17 years worth of experience poured into an 8 hour title, Hellblade takes aim at heady themes, offering a rally cry for the industry and socially conscious gamers everywhere.
With their previous 3 games; Heavenly Sword, Enslaved: Odyssey to the West, and DmC: Devil May Cry developer Ninja Theory has made itself known for 3 things: Combat, Story, and Visual Presentation. All of which are my 3 favourite things as a gamer. Taking all they learned and betting it on what they call a AAA-indie which seems more like “AA” to me for its mix of breadth and depth of gameplay, Ninja Theory has garnered a reputation for critically producing good not great games. Hellblade is their best game yet and deserves a nomination alongside ‘Horizon Zero Dawn', and ‘Zelda: Breath of the Wild' for Game of the Year. At times its graphics are stellar and there are key points where the excellent acting lines up with the simple and masterful gameplay, but there are a few technical hitches.
The game perhaps fittingly in its depiction of mental illness pushes itself to the edge performance wise. Only available on PC & PS4, the digital-only title is taxing on the latter's lesser hardware. At times there are graphical hiccups and gameplay errors that have been fixed since its August 8th launch. Although these glitches did bring out something for me in the game. At the climax of the tale I turned off the power to my PlayStation because the visual presentation was glitchy and I wanted to experience the ending for the first time as the game makers would've wanted. In this way, to do something I've never done before unaware where I would start off, the game had earned my respect.
The end product result also mirrors the developer's usual troubled protagonists. Though I was willing to pause due to the intensity of the game, often I found elements of the gameplay too repetitive. The camera locks in annoyingly at times but also serves as manufacturing of tension. However getting hit from behind when you should be able to see it seems a bit unfair. The acting and voice goes a little over the top but at least stays in character. Tons of work were put into these performances and its reflected in the intensity of the game. The setting of the game in Celtic mythos does allow leeway in terms of grounding itself. The combat is simple yet offers depth, and the artwork occasionally inspires awe with the music bringing these elements together most notably one hellish landscape late in the game offers a unique quality unmatched by anything else I've played this year.
With a bargain price, the trip is definitely worth it, and I hope Ninja Theory inspires other AAA experiments in the future. For what I can say, it was time well spent.
Continuum: +2
-3 -2 -1 0 +1 +2 +3
Oculus founder Palmer Luckey has secretly been spending some of their Facebook millions on funding an unofficial Donald Trump supporters group that "shitposts" anti-Hillary Clinton memes and images.
In a report tonight on The Daily Beast, 24-year-old Luckey is revealed as a financial backer for Nimble America, an organization that promotes Trump in the forthcoming presidential election through online and real-world advertising and viral posts. Nimble America's front page features a story about rapists operating in "criminal gangs" along the Mexico border, echoing some of Trump's most controversial claims.
Its founders and vice presidents are listed on the group's website under pseudonyms, including "NimbleRichMan," Luckey's alter ego, according to The Daily Beast.  They are described as "a near billionaire and staunch supporter of the Common Sense Conservative movement." One-time Twitter harasser and right-wing extremist Milo Yiannopoulos is named as a "silent partner."
Nimble America boasts that it posted a billboard ad in Pittsburgh featuring a caricature of Democrat presidential candidate Hillary Clinton alongside the line, "Too big to jail."
Nimble America and Luckey (posting as "NimbleRichMan") have been active on Reddit pages dedicated to Donald Trump's bid for the presidency and other right-wing causes.
"We conquered Reddit and drive narrative on social media, conquered the [mainstream media], now it's time to get our most delicious memes in front of Americans whether they like it or not," a representative for the group wrote in a Reddit post.
"We've proven that shitposting is powerful and meme magic is real," stated another Reddit post from Nimble America. "We've worked with lawyers and RNC consultants to advise us on how to establish the proper entities to do this right."
NimbleRichMan also posted on Reddit that they have "supported Donald's presidential ambitions for years" and has "donated significant funds to Nimble America."
Luckey confirmed to The Daily Beast that they are NimbleRichMan adding: "I've got plenty of money. Money is not my issue. I thought it sounded like a real jolly good time." Luckey invented the Oculus Rift before selling their company to Facebook for $2 billion. Last year, Forbes estimated their net worth at $700 million."
Polygon contacted Oculus for a response to this story. A spokesperson emailed back: "Checking into it. First I have heard of it." Tonight, Palmer Luckey is trending on Twitter. We'll have more on this story as it develops. In the meantime, here's a selection of the many tweets on this subject tonight.
My HTC Vive review:
1. Good immersion
2. Comfortable headset
3. Not invented by an obscenely rich pissbaby edgelord — Chris Person (@Papapishu) September 23, 2016
Hey....I found a way to make that Time magazine cover look even dumber. pic.twitter.com/w4ahEKmovC — Tommy Refenes (@TommyRefenes) September 23, 2016
remember how we looked forward to the old conservative billionaires dying off and being replaced with compassionate millennial billionaires — Bennett (@bfod) September 23, 2016
Guess Palmer Luckey isn't so smart after all, doesn't even know that the internet will make memes for free. — Andrew Dovichi (@ADovichi) September 23, 2016
Turkey to expand anti-PKK operations, ‘warns' through SMS
Uğur Ergan - ANKARA
AA photo
Turkish security forces are expected to expand the scope of ongoing anti-terror operations in Southeastern Anatolian by including the İdil district of Şırnak, Nusaybin district of Mardin and Yüksekova district of Hakkari, according to information daily Hürriyet has gathered from security officials.Jointly carried out by the military and police, the operations were first been launched in the Sur district of Diyarbakır and the Cizre and Silopi districts of Şırnak in mid-December as the fight against the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) turned urban.Security officials and government members have said the operations in Silopi and Sur were to conclude soon while efforts to “clear Cizre of terrorists” will continue.Security officials told Hürriyet that İdil to be the first venue in its continuing anti-PKK campaign, to be followed by Nusaybin and Yüksekova. If need be, the Southeastern Anatolian town of Şırnak would also be included in the zone of operations, they said.The first sign that İdil would be the next district to be “cleared” was given when the Education Ministry invited the district's 1,200 teachers to come to a seminar in Istanbul via a text message, the same as was done in Silopi, Sur and Cizre before curfews were announced and operations launched.For better coordination and cooperation, some commando units of the army and special forces' teams of the police have been receiving urban warfare training, the army said in a statement posted on its website over the weekend, another indication that operations will continue.Security officials reported 10 PKK militants were killed in clashes in Cizre over the weekend and a sizeable amount of weapons and ammunitions seized in operations.Turkish government has announced a 10-article action plan in the fight against terror, as Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu repeated that security operations will continue until “public order is fully restored” in the region.
Apple's support for ad blockers on the new version of its mobile operating system, iOS 9, launching Wednesday, is poised to change how consumers interact with the web on mobile devices. Following the release, the Apple App Store will distribute applications that allow iPhone and iPad owners to install apps offering extensions for Apple's Safari web browser that will prevent the browser from loading not just online ads and pop-ups, but also other content that slows down browsing and consumes resources. This includes tracking scripts, cookies, images, auto-play videos and more.
Trying to beat the newcomers to launch, ad-blocking giant AdBlock Plus recently released an ad-blocking web browser of its own. But, to be clear, this is a browser, not one of the new blockers. However, AdBlock will introduce an ad-blocking extension following iOS 9's debut.
Meanwhile, ahead of iOS 9's release, a number of companies and indie developers have been building content blockers of their own and testing them out with iOS 9's sizable group of beta testers.
While many consumers will likely gravitate toward AdBlock Plus because of their familiarity with the brand's name and reputation, there will be a good handful of new apps on the horizon as well, which are also worth a look.
Here are a few we've tried:
1Blocker
Like many of the content blockers in development, 1Blocker isn't only focused on blocking ads. Instead, this app ships with 7,000 pre-installed blockers, including those affecting ads, tracking scripts and other items that run in the background on web pages, from ad networks and analytics providers.
The company claims that using 1Blocker decreased page loading times and total data downloaded by 50 percent, which means the app can help save battery life as well as cut down on your mobile data traffic (and therefore, your cell phone monthly bill).
To use the app, you first enable 1Blocker in Settings –> Safari –> Content Blockers on your device. This is the same area where all content blocking extensions have to be enabled.
[gallery ids="1208771,1208775,1208774,1208773,1208772,1208767,1208766"]
Afterwards, you can return to the app to customize your configurations even further. While there's a big toggle switch to turn on or off 1Blocker using its default settings, what's nice about this app is the ability to personalize the content it blocks – something not all the content blockers will do out of the gate.
In 1Blocker, you can toggle on and off switches for things like blocking Facebook widgets, Twitter widgets, Share Widgets, Custom web fonts, Disqus comments, ads, trackers, cookies and more. You can even block adult sites, or specify specific URLs or cookies using rules you create.
For those who understand things on a more technical level, you can create very narrowly targeted rules. For example, you can choose to block either first-party or third-party cookies on all domains, specific domains or only outside particular domains. And you can create URL filters using quantifying expressions (e.g. with *, ?, and +).
The app doesn't just stop there, either. It also integrates with a web editor at my.1blocker.com which allows you to work on your own customizations via your desktop or laptop computer that you can then send to your phone. This allows for even deeper customizations and rule editing, as you're able to take advantage of a more advanced editor to create rules and workflows that let you block content or cookies while turning off or on various resource types like documents, images, StyleSheets, fonts, SVG files, pop-ups and more.
You'll also be able to open rule packages created and saved by yourself or others from a file on your computer and then import them to your iOS device by selecting 1Blocker from the “Open In” menu.
This allows you to personalize what's being blocked very specifically, explains indie developer Salavat Khanov who built the 1Blocker app. “Using 1Blocker you could create a custom blocker to block all GIFs on Tumblr,” they offer as an example. “It lets you block any resources on the web, hide particular elements on pages – like comments on Hacker News – or block 1st or 3rd party cookies on all or specific list of domains.”
In tests, across of a number of news sites including The WSJ, Wired, Mashable, The Verge, NYT, Ars Technica, Slashdot, Vice (Motherboard), ZDNet and several others, 1Blocker saved 49.85 percent data from being loaded. At the top of the list, Business Insider (UK) saw 84.53 percent of data saved, PCGamer saw 82.78 percent saved, and iMore saw 82.28 percent data saved, to give you an idea.
Best For: More technical users who want a customized content blocking experience and want to create their own rules.
Pricing: Free version will allow one group of blockers (e.g. “Block Ads” or “Block Trackers”). To unlock other groups of blockers, there will be an in-app purchase of $2.99.
Blockr
Another new content blocking extension, Blockr, has also been in testing ahead of the iOS 9 launch. Similar to 1Blocker, you are able to customize what's being blocked to some extent, though this app has far less detail to it.
Instead of being presented with a longer list of content types to turn on or off, or creating your own advanced rules, Blockr takes a more simplified approach to customizations. On the app's main screen, you can choose only to turn on or off a handful of settings, including ads, media, tracking mechanisms and cookie policy warnings.
For more novice users, this type of interface offers some level of control over your browsing experience without becoming too technical. Each option briefly explains why you may want to enable this setting. For example, the Media Blocker setting says that by blocking media you can “save on data or improve speed on slow networks,” while the privacy blocker notes that this helps you avoid “several tracking mechanisms from websites.”
However, while you're able to turn off or on these various settings by flipping a switch, you can't drill down to specify things like which types of media to block (e.g. images vs. auto-play videos), or which ad networks to block (1Blocker offers toggles for each one supported), nor can you configure blocking for specific things like social share widgets.
The customization in Blockr is limited to allowing you to whitelist certain websites from having their content blocked. It's not a universal whitelist, though – you have to whitelist the site on each setting.
Blockr was built by German developers Tim Poller and Arno Appenzeller, who tell us their app will offer more types of blockers in the future, as they plan to support the app long-term.
Best For: Those who want some level of customization in terms of toggling ads, content, or tracking script blocking on or off, but don't need to create highly customized rules.
Pricing: The app will be a paid download for $0.99 at launch. Following the promotion, the price will increase to $1.99.
Crystal
Crystal is an upcoming content blocker that's seen a bit of pre-launch press thanks to creator Dean Murphy's blog which has been sharing the results of various tests of its effectiveness during beta trials. For example, after testing Crystal against 10 popular websites, Murphy found that pages loaded 3.9x faster on average, and used 53 percent less data.
However, unlike the above two blockers, Crystal doesn't offer any customizations.
According to Murphy, that choice is by design, they say. “[Crystal is] designed to be simple and unobtrusive,” Murphy explains. “You just turn it on and all ads and tracking is blocked by default. The app is kind of just a shell, as its secondary features – auto-update and report site features – work in the background or via the Safari Action Extension menu.”
“Report site,” to clarify, is a feature that will tap Crystal's own user base to help the app get better at blocking. If you come across a website that's still showing ads (or has stopped working because of the blocking, perhaps), you can submit the URL directly to the app's developer. You won't have to turn Crystal off to get around a broken site, of course – in iOS 9, you can hold down the refresh button in Safari and choose “reload without content blockers” whenever you run into trouble with any of these extensions.
While Crystal's focus will be on offering users a sort of “set-it-and-forget-it” experience, Murphy says that they will introduce a whitelist feature to allow users to specify domains they don't want blocked. They note he's also exploring a couple of other features, too, but declined to share what those are for the time being.
Best For: Novice users who just want to turn on content blocking without having to worry with the details.
Pricing: TBD, but Crystal will be a premium app.
Four days into their honeymoon on Mexico's Pacific coast, Kevin and Aimee Bartley heard a weak tropical storm was headed their way.
The newlyweds were out watching a hockey game between the Washington Capitals and Vancouver Canucks on Thursday when Kevin Bartley looked at their phone and noticed Hurricane Patricia had become a Category 4 storm -- and was still strengthening.
With only one small road leading out of their resort in Punta Mita, about 10 miles north of Puerto Vallarta, the Bartleys were left to ride out Hurricane Patricia in their hotel room. By Friday, the storm was the strongest hurricane on record, and Punta Mita was under a hurricane warning.
"Our hotel room happened to be in the safest part of the resort so the hotel asked if we could house other guests in our room overnight," Kevin Bartley said in an e-mail. "We made some friends here earlier in the week so we invited them to stay with us in our room."
It wasn't a typical honeymoon scene for Kevin, a 33-year-old project manager at a Baltimore software firm, and Aimee, a 28-year-old Johns Hopkins employee.
"The guys tried to keep calm so the ladies wouldn't get scared but as the wind started to pick up everyone was nervous," Kevin Bartley wrote.
But they remained safe, and by about 11 p.m. Friday, they were able to pick up a Wi-Fi signal.
"We saw the storm had passed us mostly to the south we were all relieved and had some celebratory beers," they said.
For the Bartleys, the honeymoon is over on Monday, as they head back to Baltimore.
But elsewhere, damage is still being surveyed.
While Mexico for the most part was relieved that the storm caused no fatalities and only marginal damage in the resort of Puerto Vallarta and the principle port of Manzanillo, the sparsely populated zone of Pacific coast where Patricia delivered its fury was only beginning to assess the full damage Sunday.
President Enrique Pena Nieto said Saturday that 3,000 to 3,500 homes were damaged and about 8,650 acres of farmland were hurt.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Walking away: Mike Nesbitt is to stand down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party
The DUP has marginally held on to its position as the largest party in Northern Ireland with a total of 28 seats in the assembly election.
Sinn Féin has increased its vote in the poll and has 27 seats.
Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt announced they are to resign after poor results for their party.
Four former Stormont ministers - two from the DUP, one from the SDLP and one from the Ulster Unionist Party - lost their seats.
All 90 seats have now been confirmed.
Image copyright Stephen Hamilton Image caption The Mid-Ulster count gets underway in Ballymena
The turnout for the election is the highest since the vote which followed the 1998 Good Friday Agreement.
A total of 64.8% of the electorate voted - up 10 points on last year - beating the 2003 figure by 0.8%.
Mr Nesbitt said the electorate had rejected their message and they had to take responsibility for what happened.
End of the night analysis - BBC News NI's Political Correspondent Gareth Gordon
This election has produced more than its fair share of storylines. Having lost a number of prominent figures including former deputy leader Danny Kennedy and Jo-Anne Dobson, UUP leader Mike Nesbitt said it would be the height of hypocrisy if they did not take full responsibility. They leaf their party facing an uncertain future.
It has also been a difficult election for the DUP. Party Chairman Lord Morrow and former minister Nelson McCausland are among those who lost their posts.
But it has been a great election for Sinn Féin. Their vote is up almost 4% and they are breathing down the DUP's neck.
Alliance looks like coming back with its eight seats. For the SDLP, the high points include the come back of its former deputy leader Dolores Kelly in Upper Bann and the surprise success of Pat Catney in Lagan Valley thanks to Ulster Unionist transfers.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: Mike Nesbitt announces they are resigning as UUP leader
The Ulster Unionist leader is among seven party leaders to be returned.
The others are First Minister and DUP leader Arlene Foster; Sinn Féin's northern leader Michelle O'Neill; Alliance Party leader Naomi Long; SDLP leader Colum Eastwood; TUV leader Jim Allister and Green Party leader Steven Agnew.
Image copyright Niall Carson Image caption Michelle O'Neill, Sinn Féin's Northern leader, celebrates winning their seat
DUP leader Arlene Foster declined several interview requests from the BBC. However, in their acceptance speech, they said the run-up to the election had been "challenging", but the focus was the future.
"Let us move forward with hope that the common good will be able to prevail over narrow divides of interest; hope that civility can return to our politics; hope that a functioning assembly can be restored and hope that a Northern Ireland with so many overlapping cultural identities can be home to all of us," they said.
Image copyright PA Image caption DUP leader Arlene Foster is re-elected in Fermanagh and South Tyrone
Four former ministers - two from the DUP, one from the SDLP and one from the Ulster Unionist party - lost their seats.
The first big shock of the day came when Alex Attwood, SDLP, lost their seat in Belfast West. The second was when Danny Kennedy, UUP, was eliminated in Newry & Armagh - they had been an assembly member since 1998.
Image copyright PAcemaker Image caption Alliance leader Naomi Long celebrates their success
Later, DUP stalwart Nelson McCausland lost their seat in Belfast North and their party chairperson Lord Morrow lost their seat in Fermanagh and South Tyrone.
The SDLP suffered a body blow in Foyle - the traditional heartland of the party and former seat of its founder John Hume.
Sinn Féin came home first and second in the count, leaving the SDLP leader Colum Eastwood and Mark H Durkan trailing in their wake.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Former MLA Alex Atwood was eliminated in the 2017 count
The party, which once held sway in west Belfast, no longer has a presence there after Mr Attwood's defeat.
The election - the second in 10 months - was called after the collapse of a coalition led by Arlene Foster's DUP and Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness.
Image caption Long-standing SDLP assembly member Alex Attwood failed to secure their seat in west Belfast
Mr McGuinness resigned over Mrs Foster's refusal to step aside as first minister pending an inquiry into the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, which could cost the Northern Ireland tax payer £490m.
SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said Sinn Féin were the "net beneficiaries" of a huge nationalist turnout intent on punishing Mrs Foster.
Image copyright Tony Hendron Image caption Danny Kennedy, UUP, prepares to speak to the media following their defeat
Former DUP Minister Jonathan Bell who was suspended from the party for allegedly speaking to the press without permission over the RHI scandal, has also lost their seat.
Under Northern Ireland's power-sharing agreement, the government must be run by Irish nationalists and unionists together.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Take a look at how BBC News NI has covered elections over the past 20 years
A total of 1,254,709 people were eligible to vote for 228 candidates competing for 90 seats in 18 constituencies. The turnout was up across the board.
Among the smaller parties, Gerry Carroll, People Before Profit Alliance, kept their Belfast West seat. However, their running mate Michael Collins was eliminated on the first count.
The largest unionist and nationalist parties after the election will have three weeks to form a power-sharing government to avoid devolved power returning to the British parliament at Westminster for the first time in a decade.
Image copyright Liam McBurney Image caption Sinn Féin's Niall O Donnghaile, DUP candidate Christopher Stalford and Alliance candidate Emmet McDonough-Brown at the Titanic Belfast count centre
The BBC News NI website will carry the latest election results and analysis on Friday and throughout the weekend.
There's a chronic organ shortage in the United States, with demand wildly outstripping supply despite every attempt to increase the number of donors. The disturbing result, says bioethicist Sigrid Fry-Revere, is that people waiting for kidneys account for 84 percent of the waiting list and "20 to 30 people die every day" while waiting for a new kidney.
The Kidney Sellers: A Journey of Discovery in Iran is Fry-Revere's riveting account of a market for organs that works far better than the broken one we have in the United States. After the Islamic revolution of 1979, Iran was cut off from Western organ-transplant networks and out of necessity began allowing donors to receive compensation. Now, despite political repression and economic malaise, Iran is essentially the only country in the world where there is a waiting list to give kidneys - and no waiting list to receive one. Although the donors receive payment, they also see themselves as acting charitably. Explains Fry-Revere: "Every single kidney seller I interviewed said, 'The money is important, it's what allows me to be altruistic.'" The Kidney Sellers is at once a deeply researched policy manifesto, a geo-political thriller, and an intense personal account. "Her subject matter may be somewhat controversial," notes Kirkus, "but their analysis is undeniably worth reading."
Fry-Revere is founder and president of the The Center for Ethical Solutions, a nonprofit dedicated to "developing tools for patient empowerment." Reason TV's Nick Gillespie talked with them about their time in Iran and the continuing legal, philosophical, and cultural obstacles to developing effective solutions to America's kidney shortage.
About 6:45 minutes.
Camera by Amanda Winkler and Joshua Swain; edited by Swain.
Scroll down for downloadable versions, and subscribe to Reason TV's YouTube Channel to receive automatic notification when new material goes live.
Coffee Maker Cooking: Brew Up Your Next Dinner
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Walker/ NPR Morgan Walker/ NPR
A few months ago, we introduced you to the wild world of dishwasher cooking. Poach salmon while cleaning dirty plates? No problem.
But some of you expressed concerns about having your sockeye sit so close to soapy water and the high energy cost of running a dishwasher.
Well, we've stumbled upon another wacky cooking method that may overcome these issues: using your coffee maker.
From steamed broccoli and couscous to scrambled eggs and poached salmon, the possibilities appear endless.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Walker/ NPR Morgan Walker/ NPR
The chefs at Chowhound have brewed up entire breakfasts and lunches in the coffee maker. And the kitchen wizards at the blog Kaffekokarkokboken developed recipes for pumpkin soup, chutney, even cinnamon buns, all made in the humble appliance.
So why in the heck would anyone not living in a first-year student dorm ever want to do this? Well, if you're a soldier deployed in a war zone, a coffee maker might be your only option for a home-cooked meal.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Walker/ NPR Morgan Walker/ NPR
"My nephew came home from Afghanistan complaining about the food in the mess hall," says Jody Anderson, a retired photographer in southern Oregon. "But the soldiers were allowed only to have coffee makers in their rooms."
So Anderson started developing recipes for the coffee maker, including ones for mac 'n' cheese, short ribs and chicken soup.
"I put all my recipes in a little book and sent it over to the boys in Afghanistan," they tell The Salt. "I also sent split peas and canned ham so my nephew could make split pea soup." Anderson also posted some of the recipes on Facebook with a few tips.
As Anderson describes it, the design of a traditional coffee maker gives you three basic cooking techniques:
Steam: The basket at the top is a great place to steam vegetables. You can throw in broccoli, cauliflower or any vegetable that cooks in about the same time as those. Poach: The carafe at the bottom serves as a simple vessel for poaching fish and chicken. You can also use it to hard-boil eggs or make couscous and oatmeal. Grill: This technique is a bit more advanced — and time-consuming. But if you're really itching for a grilled cheese sandwich or a cinnamon bun in a motel room, the coffee maker's burner can serve as a miniature grill.
Here at NPR's Science Desk, we tried making the classic coffee maker meal: poached salmon with steamed broccoli and couscous. The veggies steam up in the basket while the couscous and salmon take turns in the carafe.
The salmon looked a little scary while it was poaching. But the whole meal actually turned out pretty tasty.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Morgan Walker/ NPR Morgan Walker/ NPR
Was it gourmet? No. But it was healthful and quick to prepare — about 20 minutes total. And the cleanup was superfast.
Overall, we thought the salmon poached in the coffee maker was slightly better than the one we cooked up in the dishwasher. And coffee maker cooking is clearly more energy efficient than running a dishwasher cycle or heating up an entire oven.
What about compared to frying the fish in a pan? Well, that's probably more of a tossup.
Coffee makers run at about 1,000 watts, while the stove puts out about 1,500 watts, depending on the type or brand. So the coffee maker might be slightly more efficient, but both cooking methods contribute such a small amount to a home's electrical bill that the difference is just splitting hairs.
Besides, for Anderson it's not about efficiency but about the joy of cooking with a Mr. Coffee. "It's just so darn fun," they say. "I tell you this: I will never be hungry in a hotel room again."
Recipe: Coffee Maker Dinner With Poached Salmon, Couscous And Steamed Vegetables
Add chopped broccoli and cauliflower into the basket until it is halfway full. Add the maximum amount of water into the coffee maker's reservoir. Run the coffeemaker until the reservoir has just enough water left in it to cook the couscous. Stop the appliance. Dump out the water in the carafe. Add the couscous to the carafe. With a fork, mix up the vegetables in the basket to ensure even steaming. Then restart the coffee maker until the cycle finishes. Let couscous sit for 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Keep the vegetables in the basket (it takes two cycles to steam-cook them). Place the salmon in the carafe. Add some soy sauce, ginger, garlic or whatever seasoning you'd like. Fill the reservoir with about 3 cups of water and run the cycle. Let the salmon sit in the hot water until it's opaque and flaky (for us it took only 7 minutes). Remove salmon and vegetables. Plate.
Note: We had a hard time getting the cooked salmon out of the carafe. So we used our hands. But if you have any other ideas, let us know in the comments.
The results are in, and the Cleveland Orchestra is the world's favorite orchestra.
So, at least, says the London-based website Bachtrack.com, an international concert finder that ran a poll to learn which group the world loves best.
After a month of online voting, Cleveland emerged Tuesday in the top spot, earning 20.3 percent of 11,895 votes from 97 countries. Its closest competitors were Ireland's RTE Concert Orchestra and the Berlin Philharmonic, which garnered 12.4 and 8.5 percent, respectively.
Fans of the Cleveland Orchestra probably aren't surprised. After all, it was they who pushed the organization into the lead and joined the more than 5,200 Americans, or 44 percent of the total, in voting since Sept. 6.
“We have 60,000 social media followers whom we invited to vote, and they clearly were engaged,” said Ross Binnie, the Cleveland Orchestra's chief marketing officer, in a written statement. “We want to thank our fans for voting for the Cleveland Orchestra.”
Music-lovers from Ireland and the U.K. comprised about 21 percent of voters. Most of the rest, according to a press release from Bachtrack, came from Germany, the Czech Republic, Italy, the Netherlands, Russia, Sweden, France, and Canada.
Behind the winners in the top 10 were the London Symphony Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra, the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, the Buffalo and Czech Philharmonic Orchestras, the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra, and the Gewandhaus Orchestra Leipzig.
Cleveland's traditional rivals, the Vienna Philharmonic and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, finished in 13th and 14th places, respectively. Also in the top 20 were the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the European Union Youth Orchestra, the Ulster Orchestra, the Oregon Symphony Orchestra, and the Video Game Orchestra.
Beethoven's 9th symphony, a new flag - the Berlin wall connotations are no accident. The residents of this town want a new allegiance. On the border with Poland, Rava-Ruska is where Ukraine meets Europe. And it now wants to be part of it, hundreds putting their name to a plan to join the EU. (SOUNDBITE) (Ukrainian) RAVA-RUSKA MAYOR, IRINA VERESCHUK, SAYING: "If every city, and every citizen, signs this, do you really think Europe will not pay attention? Today we have different calls, different demands - like for the resignation of the government, the resignation of the president. But the main thing is Europe. We have to join it! This is our chance!" Town Mayor Irina Vereschuk contacted the Council of Europe with their proposal after Ukraine's government abandoned plans for closer ties with the bloc. She's also appealed to member states, asking them to accept their town into their Union, without the rest of the country. Geographically, there's not much in it - the Polish border is just 2 kilometres away. Politically though, residents who back the plan say they're worlds apart. (SOUNDBITE) (Ukrainian) RAVA-RUSKA RESIDENT, ROMAN YURCHYK, SAYING: "There is law there, law that works! And one law for everyone. And this is the first and the main thing!" The pro-Europe protests began in Kiev, where they're now in their fifth day. Hundreds gathered outside the building where the government meets, angry at the country's decision to ditch the deal with the EU in favour of one with Russia. Among them opposition leader Oleh Tyahnibok. (SOUNDBITE) (Ukrainian) SVOBODA PARTY LEADER, OLEH TYAHNIBOK, SAYING: "We're demonstrating that we are ready to take the necessary radical action, and we understand clearly that the only way out of this situation for Ukraine is a change of power. We need different people in power, because this government is leading the country to nowhere." The protests have been met by increased security, which Ukraine's prime minister says he's not afraid to use if demonstrations turn violent. But despite the warning, the demonstrations look set to continue for some time yet.
Egyptian prosecutors have referred a writer to a criminal trial on charges of showing contempt for Islam in a tweet allegedly criticising ritual slaughtering, state-run newspaper al-Ahram reported online Saturday.
The referral comes in response to a lawsuit filed by a lawyer against Fatima Naoot, accusing them of defaming Islam in a tweet in October commenting on Muslims' annual slaughtering of animals to mark Eid al-Adha, according to al-Ahram.
"A happy massacre," read the tweet.
No specific date has been set for the trial.
Naoot, a poet and a columnist in independent newspaper al-Masry al-Youm, denied on Saturday they had meant to lampoon Islam.
"I respect all religions," they said on their Facebook page.
"This is the bill footed by those who carry torches of enlightenment," they added, commenting on their trial.
Naoot could be jailed for up to five years if convicted.
In June, an Egyptian court upheld a five-year prison sentence handed down to another writer on charges of showing contempt for religion in a collection of short stories.
While taking the train from Hong Kong to Shenzhen last night, I started chatting with Ruiting Lian about seasteading, and before long I came up with what may possibly be the wackiest workable business model ever: a seastead focused on creating and experimenting with psychedelics, with a dual business model of psychedelic tourism, and patenting of newly discovered psychedelic-related psychotherapeutics.
I'm too busy trying to beat the Hong Kong stock market, create AGI and understand human aging to actually build such a seastead, so I'm hoping that one of you readers will take up the idea—and then invite me to build a cabana on the outskirts of the psychedelic sea village) ...
A BIT OF A PRELUDE…
I've been chatting online recently with various folks about relatively inexpensive ways to make seasteads—offshore living/working facilities, in international waters, beyond the rules of any national government.
For instance, Steve Rolland pointed out to me that there are many places in the world where, just a few dozen miles offshore, the ocean is only 20-30 feet deep. In a place like that, it wouldn't be such a big trick to put some platforms on the ocean floor and build atop them. I started thinking about the potential for concrete monolithic domes in this sort of setting, and found some cool musings online about floating concrete spheres. Then I found that Shaun Waterford has a fully fleshed out design for a fully undersea concrete dome home, which they would like to build as part of an undersea tourist attraction for divers, and use to beat the world record for number of consecutive days spent undersea.
So on the train from Hong Kong to Shenzhen last night, I was musing on the following question: Barring the advent of some suitably-enthusiastic rich person, how might one get $$ to build such a seastead? What might be a reasonable business model corresponding to such an endeavor?
The idea of a novelty dive park, or a mid-sea resort, makes lots of sense. Yet it's a lot cheaper to do that stuff right offshore, and it's not clear how much benefit one gets from putting that sort of thing further out in the ocean. So maybe an underwater dome as part of a dive park is a good idea, but not necessarily as part of a seasteading venture.
The idea of doing out-there medical and biological research on a seastead, away from the laws of any nation, seems cost of appealing. Yet the cost of doing research mid-sea instead of on land seems potentially high—and again, for almost any weird research you want to do, there's probably some country that will allow it….
So I scratched my head for a while… and then inspiration hit!
A PSYCHEDELIC RESORT/LAB SEASTEAD
OK, so imagine this:
* An offshore village of concrete dome homes, on platforms interconnected by walkways, a dozen miles off the coast of Mexico (where the ocean's only 20-30 feet deep) ... * Some of the domes are private residences, some are cabanas for visitors; some are labs for brewing psychedelics like LSD and DMT, some are mushroom farms; a couple are psychopharmacology research labs; one holds some sensory deprivation tanks * No psychedelics are sold for use outside the village (to avoid conflict with governments of conventional land-bound countries) * The first-phase business model is psychedelic tourism: Folks will pay to come hang out in the resort, soak up the sun, swim in the beautiful ocean, and take the locally-created psychedelics in a safe & lovely environment. This “psychedelic tourism” will generate enough revenue to keep the village operating *The second-phase business model is patenting of novel psychedelic psychotherapies—that have been found in the village's research labs to have therapeutic value. Note that research on psychedelics has basically halted worldwide, due to legal issues. So there is a huge amount of research into psychedelic-related psychotherapeutic substances, that is begging to be done but remains unexplored for legal reasons. Getting the patents ensuing from this research properly tested and approved for use in major nations will take some time, but once the approval comes, this could be a multibillion dollar moneymaker, as well as a beautiful thing for humanity.
Beautiful, right? Clearly this would be for the good of the world! It sounds incredibly wacky, yet the business model actually makes sense. And different countries have all sorts of different drug laws, so I don't think any of the conventional nations is really going to worry too much about a few freaks out in the ocean brewing psychedelics for consumption on their own premises.
The only catch I can think of is, piracy might be an issue—so you'd probably need a few thugs in gunboats out there alongside all the psychedelic freaks and psychopharmacologists…
How much would it cost? Based on a bit of preliminary investigation, I'd roughly estimate the cost of putting a 750 square foot dome home on a platform in shallow ocean water, at roughly US$500K (assuming many are being built at once). So for an initial village of, say, 30 domes, we'd be looking at US$15M total. That's a lot more money than I currently have, yet I also know a number of individuals who could spare that amount without missing it at all.
And, hey—if nobody actually does it, maybe I'll use it as a premise for a novel one day, if I ever get time for fiction writing again!
The city of Hillsboro voted late Tuesday night 4-3 to become a sanctuary city, saying none of its employees will help ICE deport people who are in the United States illegally.
The City Council vote came after hours of impassioned public debate at a hearing.
Council chambers were packed and the crowd spilled into the lobby, and a few dozen people rallied in front of the Hillsboro Civic Center for an hour in support of the city becoming a sanctuary city.
"Kids every second are getting separated. This is something we're living every day," one man told the crowd. "We have to get together, and we have to fix this."
But Ben Henson stood above the rally in silent opposition, holding a sign that said, "I have been a victim of sanctuary policies."
At 79, it was their first political event he's ever attended.
"Oregon wants to manipulate these laws. The way I understand it, federal law is federal law," they said.
Oregon has declared itself a sanctuary state, and many cities in Washington County neighboring Hillsboro have as well.
People who urged the councilors to become a sanctuary city said without the move, undocumented immigrants in the city would live in fear.
The three city councilors who voted against the measure said this is just symbolic and it doesn't change anything or make the city safer. They added that they worry the city may now have a target on it from ICE.
China Takes The Great Firewall Up A Notch By Blocking An Entire Content Delivery Network
from the collateral-damage dept
It is hardly news that China is blocking Web sites -- it's so common these days that it has become almost proverbial. But hitherto, it has done it in a very targeted manner so as to minimize collateral damage that might hamper its citizens' access to other key parts of the Internet. The Greatfire.org blog is reporting that, for the first time, China has started blocking one of the Internet's biggest content delivery networks (CDN) -- EdgeCast -- with major knock-on effects: The Chinese censorship authorities have DNS poisoned *edgecastcdn.net, which means all subdomains of edgecastcdn.net are blocked in China. EdgeCast is one of the largest Content Delivery Networks (CDN) in the world and provides its cloud services to thousands of websites and apps in China. According to the blog post, this is being done specifically to block Greatfire.org's mirrors of sites censored in China, which are hosted in the cloud: We have acknowledged all along that our method of unblocking websites using "collateral freedom" hinges on the gamble that the Chinese authorities will not block access to global CDNs because they understand the value of China being integrated with the global internet. However, we can now reveal publicly that the authorities are doing just that -- attempting to cut China off from the global internet. In other words, if the Greatfire.org analysis is correct, the Chinese authorities have decided that it is more important to block these cloud-based mirrors than it is to maintain access to key sites. The blog post lists Drupal.org, Mozilla's addons.cdn.mozilla.net and Gravatar, which is used by many websites to show images, as among the important Web sites that have been affected. As Greatfire.org points out, this is not a particularly good moment to increase censorship in this way: If the authorities did not anticipate what damage the blocking of EdgeCast would inflict, they have likely been alerted by the many companies that use EdgeCast in China. This action comes at a bad time for the Chinese authorities. This week, they are hosting the World Internet Conference and the blocking of EdgeCast will likely be a hot topic of discussion. That might mean we will see EdgeCast being unblocked during the World Internet Conference, so as to avoid embarrassing questions being asked. But even if that does happen, we can probably expect to see the DNS poisoning to resume as soon as the delegates have packed their bags and left China.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: china, content delivery network, free speech, great firewall
Companies: edgecast
US President Barack Obama at a meeting with Ebola Response Coordinator Ron Klain and members of their team coordinating the government's Ebola response in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Wednesday. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Politico Magazine editor Michael Hirsh asked on Monday whether the Obama administration was full of a "team of bumblers" on the foreign policy and national security sides.
At the heart of the criticism is the charge that the Obama White House is too insular and often doesn't have a strategy.
According to House Armed Services Committee staffers who spoke to Hirsh, there is often a lack of coordination among the White House, Capitol Hill, and the Pentagon. And the general feeling is that the administration's National Security Council, which has beefed up to 300 members from 50, is reacting to a series of crises, rather than being proactive with a coherent strategy.
"There is a sense that the NSC is run a little like beehive ball soccer, where everyone storms to wherever the ball is moving around the field," one former administration official said.
The criticism — from a variety of sources — that the administration has settled on "reacting" rather than "acting" is one that has gained steady traction since President Barack Obama told reporters in August that the administration did not "have a strategy yet" toward combating the Islamic State extremist group (also called ISIS or ISIL).
One senior Armed Services Committee staffer told Hirsh the Department of Defense "and Capitol Hill are often taken by surprise at same time and on same issues" by the White House.
Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona), a frequent critic of the administration on national security and foreign policy issues, said in August the administration was constantly "flailing" from one issue to another. After the murder of James Foley by ISIS, McCain said they were amazed Obama still did not commit to the "comprehensive strategy necessary to defeat ISIS."
REUTERS
Rep. Paul Ryan, the Republican chair of the House Budget Committee and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's running mate in 2012, also blasted the administration's reactionary nature in an interview with Business Insider earlier this year.
"The problem is, they're reacting always. They're reacting on a day-by-day basis and making decisions without an overall fundamental policy, strategy, or philosophy," Ryan said. "That is dangerous."
Others have pointed to the limitations of the Obama administration's current strategy and also suggest that the administration had a hand in creating the conditions that led to those limitations.
"If you're asking is [the] present Obama strategy going to defeat ISIS — the answer is no," geopolitical expert Ian Bremmer, the president of Eurasia Group, recently told Business Insider. "If you're asking is there realistically a better, more workable strategy out there — the answer is also no."
The Politico story details one particularly stunning example of a lack of communication between the White House and Defense Department. It came on the day Obama laid out their strategy to "degrade and ultimately destroy" ISIS during a primetime address from the White House, which included a request for Congress to grant their administration the authority to vet, arm, and train moderate Syrian rebels.
A senior defense official told Politico the DoD didn't know "the policy was going to be in the speech." The White House also did not have Pentagon lawyers review the legislative language it sent to Capitol Hill, which Republican staffers on the House Armed Services Committee said was "so sloppy that it failed to mention adequate protections against so-called 'green-on-blue' attacks by trainees on American troops."
Fred Hof, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council's Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East and a former special adviser for transition in Syria at the US Department of State, recently told Business Insider the administration's policy on ISIS and Syria was like "squaring the circle."
USC offensive coordinator Tee Martin is being mentioned among the assistant coaches who could be next in line for a head coaching job.
Not one, but two major publications named USC's Tee Martin as an up-and-coming assistant coach who could land a head coaching job in the near future.
On Thursday, Yahoo! Sports' Pete Thamel and Sports Illustrated's Bruce Feldman released their listings of the hottest coaching candidates for the coming carousel. Martin made the cut on both.
That is no great surprise since Martin has been a rising star in the profession for a number of years.
Recently USC head coach Clay Helton called them “one of the most complete coaches I've ever been around” and their continued success with the Trojans should have more than a few suitors calling in the future.
Here's what Yahoo! had to say about Martin:
13. Tee Martin, USC offensive coordinator – With Sam Darnold at the forefront of the Heisman race and a favorite to be a top-10 NFL pick, Martin is positioned to run their own program sometime soon. They have a playing pedigree at Tennessee with a national championship, a great recruiting reputation and should be at the helm of one of college football's most successful offenses in 2017.
Sports Illustrated offered a similar message, but tossed quarterbacks coach Tyson Helton into the mix as well:
11. Tee Martin, USC offensive coordinator: The former NFL QB who led Tennessee to a national title two decades ago has played a key role in the Trojans' return to the Top 10. Martin has long been regarded as one of the better recruiters in college football and has developed a bunch of playmakers in their stints at Kentucky and USC. If the Trojans have as good a year as many are expecting, both Martin and QB coach Tyson Helton are likely to get some consideration for head coaching jobs this winter.
The consideration may not have to wait too long for Martin. They could emerge as a dark horse candidate to replace Hugh Freeze at Ole Miss –assuming USC's offense lives up to expectations in 2017.
Still, the most intriguing prospect for Martin will always be Tennessee, where they won a national championship as a quarterback.
Vols' head coach Butch Jones is entering their fifth year at the program and he's produced two consecutive nine-win seasons. However, Tennessee has not been competitive in the relatively weak SEC East, conceding the division title to Florida in 2016 and 2015.
Moreover, the program has a new athletic director who may look to install their own man if Jones doesn't take a step forward in 2017.
If Tennessee underachieves and AD John Currie decides to make a move, Martin would be an obvious option to consider.
TRENDING STORY: Predicting USC's wins and losses in 2017
USC fans, of course, will hope that Martin sticks around awhile longer, but rumors of their potential departure should only get stronger after the coming season.
Useful calc links:
If are interested in algorithms for finding very large primes:
The tutorial on how to find a new largest known prime goes into detail about the above mentioned Amdahl 6 lucas.cal method.
If are interested the product of curious primes:
Calc is free
Calc is open software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation version 2.1 of the License.
Many people have expressed their thanks the many people who wrote calc, tested calc, contributed code to calc, patched calc, and helped to improve it since it started back in 1984.
We, the authors of calc wrote calc because they wanted to write it, because it was fun writing it, and because we wanted you to use and enjoy it.
If you use and enjoy calc, and you want to show your appreciation for calc, you might consider doing some of the following:
Stay in the right lane, and do not ride across middle line on the road into opposite travel lane
Yield to emergency vehicles.
Leave left lane open for other riders to pass safely. Pass on the left.
No Headphones! While riding a bicycle it is illegal to wear a headset, headphone or other listening device, other than a hearing aid or instrument for the improvement of defective human hearing.
Safety Lights: Front & rear lights are required by law in the State of Florida.
Kids under 16 years of age must wear helmets.
Do not ride on the sidewalk.
Passing: A passing cyclist is responsible for the safety of the cyclist that is being passed. When passing ring a bell and/or say "on your left".
Yield to pedestrians and buses.
No consumption of alcoholic beverages or illegal activity during ride.
Do not filter forward past stopped cars at a red light.
Skateboarders, inline skaters and recumbent bikes are welcomed, exercise caution.
Do not litter or vandalize any property.
Stopping: If you must stop to check your bike, phone, gear etc please move over to the sidewalk when it's clear. Do not stop abruptly in the middle of the street with the mass behind you. You will more than likely cause a cyclist to hit you and/or swerve and hit someone else.
Always perform an "ABC Quick" Bike Check to ensure that your bike is in safe working order.
*Road Construction*
*Clear the street outside of Omni Park, do not block the road*
Cyclists ride at their own risk and assume responsibility for their own safety!
Friday, May 26, 20176:30pm (ride starts at 7:15pm)Government CenterDowntown MiamiThe ride will be going through East Little Havana, Coral Gables, Coral Way, Shenandoah, Grapeland Heights, Allapattah, Wynwood, Overtown, and Downtown Miami. Total distance is approximately. Make sure you come prepared and do an "ABC Quick" Bike Check to ensure that your bike is in safe working order before the ride. If you need air in your tires, stop by The Miami Bike Shop on Biscayne Blvd and 18th St, they have a bike pump out front for FREE air."Join hundreds of local cyclists after the ride at the new Omni Park (located less than 1 mile from Government Center). Enjoy food ( Ms. Cheezious Chilean Street Food + more), drinks, music, skate ramps, and more. Admission is FREE . Come inside the park or ride back to Government Center, do not linger on the road outside the park. The Superior Bike Shop will be hosting 'Superior Sprints' ( see video ) at Omni Park too!First (6) females to race win a free drink!The Magic City Bicycle Collective will be in their brand-new space (a modified shipping container) set up at Omni Park with all their bike repair tools, they will demonstrate simple bike care and do minor bike repairs and maintenance. Come to them if you need air in your tires or help with your bicycle. Please make a donation if you use their services, they are a non-profit!Please Note:Bring your bike lock! The park is not responsible for lost or stolen items. Don't lose your bike by being careless. Do not leave your bike unattended if you do not have a good lock."Rent a bike from: Bike Nerds Start at Government Center 7:15pmProceed west to W Flagler StLEFT - Beacom BlvdRIGHT - SW 8th StLEFT - Ponce de Leon BlvdLEFT - Andalusia AveLEFT - Douglas RdRIGHT - Coral WayLEFT - SW 22nd AveRIGHT - NW 28th StLEFT - NW 17th AveRIGHT - NW 29th StRIGHT - NW 6th AveLEFT - NW 21st TerRIGHT - NW 5th PlLEFT - NW 20th StRIGHT - NW 1st AveLEFT - NW 14th StRIGHT - NW Miami CtLEFT - NW 13th StEnd at Omni Park (located less than 1 mile from Government Center)
Emily Yoffe Photo by Teresa Castracane.
Emily Yoffe, aka Dear Prudence, is online weekly to chat live with readers. An edited transcript of the chat is below. (Sign up here to get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week. Read Prudie's Slate columns here. Send questions to Prudence at prudence@slate.com.)
Emily Yoffe: Good afternoon. I look forward to your questions.
Q. Post-Baby Sex Life: I have an 11-month-old I'm still nursing but would like to put more effort into getting my sex life back on track. My husband has been very patient but he's anxious to ramp things back up to where they were before (one to two times a week). The problem is that I think the nursing hormones are killing my sex drive. I'm like a nun here. Any advice?
A: Search around for “breast-feeding and libido” and you will see that you may indeed have identified a reason for your plunging sex drive. You're likely heading toward weaning in the next few months, so the biological aspect of this should start taking care of itself. In the meantime, just do it. Start by having appointment sex once a week. Does that sound sexy? No. But you will discover having sex is sexy, even if you enter it in your calendar first. Lots of women who experience a generalized loss of desire find that once they are in the middle of making love they start thinking, “Oh, yeah, this is why I used to like doing this.” Doing it will be its own reward for you, your husband, and your marriage.
Q. Furious Fiancé: My state is finally allowing me to marry my boyfriend, and we are tying the knot this summer. Everything looks wonderful except one thing—my fiancé is demanding that I cut off ties with my best friend. I've known them since high school, and they have always been there for me. Them family took me in when my parents kicked me out. They stayed by my bedside after my suicide attempt. No matter what, I knew I could count on them But they won't come to our wedding because of their Christian faith. I understand where my fiancé is coming from. From their point of view, if someone disapproves of our love, why should we be friends with them? But I do care for her, and I want them in my life. What should I do?
A: Your letter is an example of how paradoxical, complicated, and yes, hypocritical people can be. I understand why your fiancé would want to ban your friend. But as torn as you might feel about your relationship with her, I don't think you should give into your fiancé's ban. This person literally was a life-saver for you. I find the religious prohibition on recognition of same-sex relationships to be benighted. But this country has undergone a rapid and remarkable revolution in attitudes about same-sex marriages. That's been accomplished lots of ways, and one is through these kinds of one-on-one friendships. Explain to your fiancé that you understand their ire, but you think the way to ultimately continue positive change is not by rejecting someone you love (and also disagree with) but by continuing your embrace. Ask them to understand the totality of your relationship and your hope that ultimately they and your dear friend will come to be friends, too.
Q. Cult Recruiting Our Daughter: Some cultists came to our door, and unfortunately our teenage daughter answered. They talked to her, and now they keep coming back. I try to head them off, but sometimes they answer first, and talks to them. They gave them a book, which I have seen them reading. I'm very worried that they might decide to join their cult. How can I stop this?
A: First, stop freaking out. Reading some insane cult literature is not tantamount to packing their bags and taking off. You talk to your daughter about this—calmly and factually. Explain what cults are, and how they target young people, because teenagers by definition are chafing at their normal life. Say she's certainly entitled to read their literature, but you ask that they look at some articles about what happens to people in the cult. Then you keep your eye on things, but also let it go. If you're home when these jerks come, tell them to buzz off and that you'll call the police if they don't—and maybe your neighborhood has rules about door-to-door solicitation. Remember: The harder you press your daughter, the more attractive the cult becomes.
Q. Re: Nursing Mom: Following up on the nursing mother's question, why recommend that they make themselves “just do it” instead of asking the father to continue to be patient and create conditions that promote the return of their desire? Why is it the woman's responsibility to meet the man's “needs”?
A:  They are frustrated with their own lack of desire, and there is nothing unreasonable about a husband wanting in a patient way to resume having regular sex almost a year after the baby is born. I also have a letter from a husband who said that once their wife weaned the baby, their libido came roaring back, much to the pleasure of both of them. It can be a shock for someone used to feeling free-floating desire to have it disappear. So I'm suggesting accepting that biological reality and dealing with it in a positive way. I hope in any marriage both partners want to meet each other's reasonable, and expected, needs—and I don't think quotation marks are necessary when discussing the need for sexual relations.
Q. Lost After Loss: My mother passed away suddenly about a month ago at the age of 60, leaving my family devastated. I live on the East Coast and have a great job, a husband, and love the area. That being said, I am now very torn about not being close to my father, brother, and the rest of my family who all live on the West Coast. My husband is willing to do whatever I need to do, but I don't know if I should uproot our life (temporarily or permanently). Or should we just increase the number of visits? I feel huge regret for not being closer while my mom was alive, and I don't want to feel the same way if I were to suddenly lose someone else.
A: I'm sorry for your loss—your mother was young and a sudden death like this understandably is leaving you unmoored and wanting to reconnect with all you've lost. I've heard from many people who have suffered such losses and a frequent piece of advice is to not do anything drastic for a year. You are in shock and grief, and that is not a good place to make major life decisions from. If you can, go to see the rest of your family as frequently as possible. Invite them out to see you—a change of scene will be good for them. Be kind to yourself. You are only a month out and your world has been turned upside down. Then, a year from now, take stock of how you feel and see if you still have a desire to—in a methodical way—relocate to be closer to your family.
Q. Re: Back on Track: Just one caveat: Make a deal with your husband that if you don't get into it halfway through you can pull the plug and try again next week. My husband not giving me any guilt about this at all has worked wonders for our sex life. I'll give it a go every time I'm tired, and 9 out of 10 times I enjoy it. The 10th time, no harm no foul. The two times I pressured myself to go along with it despite the mood not kicking in I couldn't stand the thought of sex for at least a week afterward.
A: Of course appointment sex is not a legally binding document! It sounds as if you and your husband have excellent communication and a desire to please each other.
Q. Too Much Touching: I have been dating a really nice guy for about six months. He's smart, driven, and we have fun together. There's one thing that irks me, though. When we're some place like the movies, a concert, walking down the street, they always have to be holding my hand. I enjoy a good cuddle on the couch while watching a movie, but sometimes I need my physical space and sometimes it's just not comfortable. I can tell they dislike it when I say, “I'd rather not right now.” Should I suck it up and deal with it? What's the polite way to broach this?
A: A basic rule of any relationship is respecting each other's physical needs. I've heard from people on both ends of this spectrum—it's particularly acute regarding those who want to spend the night entwined with their lover and those who feel a touch of someone's else toe prevents them from sleeping. What's most difficult is when one party has high touch needs or another party is touch averse. But it doesn't sound as if you abhor a cuddle or a hand hold; you just need to be more occasional. Once you make that clear, that means your partner has to back off. If they mope and sulks, you two have a communication problem. So at a neutral time, bring this up. Explain as you have here that while you two are compatible on many fronts, this is a source of tension, and you'd like to be able to talk about it. Let's hope they are able to let this—and your hand—go.
Q. How to Tell Housekeeper to “Retire”: My grandfather has a housekeeper of almost 25 years. She's a wonderful woman who treats them very well, and takes care of many of their needs, and whom they also take care of through proper pay and good companionship and stories of my late grandmother. It has come to my attention that they have no plans beyond their passing, and expects me, their heir and owner of their home, to continue to employ them I do love what this woman has provided for my family patriarch, but I won't need or be able to afford their services. How can I gently, and without offending them into leaving while Grandpa is still alive, make sure that they understand that they need to be prepared to secure their own financial future once their time does come?
A: I think you need to do more than say, when the time comes, “Hazel, we're selling my grandfather's house and I use Maids to Go. You're not needed anymore.” If your grandfather has been able to afford a full-time housekeeper for 25 years, it sounds as if they are a man of means who will be leaving a substantial estate behind. That means they have an obligation to this long-time employee. You need to talk to your grandfather about this and someone from the family, preferably their executor, should go with them to their estate lawyer and discuss making a provision for this loyal professional.
Q. Dating Payment Etiquette: I started going out with a new guy about two months ago, and with the exception of maybe our first two dates—just coffee—he has paid for everything for me. Movies, zoo, concerts, etc. For background, I'm a recent college grad about to get my teaching license, and I'm currently unemployed, living with my mom and dad, and looking for a part-time job. He's gainfully employed and has standard financial responsibilities for a single guy in their mid-20s. The thing is, I'm starting to feel guilty about theirs constantly footing the bill, and I'm not sure how to broach the topic. I realistically can't pay for expensive dates right now, and I'm careful to always suggest relatively low-cost outings that I could pay for myself, but they take it upon themselves to pay for me. I don't mind (!), but I don't want them to think I expect it either, when I'm very happy with free local, low-key events. Should I just keep quiet and let them keep paying? Should I say something?
A: Tell them you appreciate their footing the bill, but you need to reciprocate. You can either invite them over for dinner at your place (you can decide whether it's with your parents there or whether you encourage them to go on a date night) or you offer to bring the food (spaghetti) and make dinner for them at his. It's fine that he's able to underwrite your more expensive outings, but you can tell them that until you get a job and can pick up a tab yourself, you want to be able to do things that don't always require them opening their wallet.
Q. Re: About That Cult: I have a feeling the letter writer in the cult case is a Christian and the “cult” they are referring to are Mormons. This may just be a case of someone not being open-minded to other denominations of Christianity.
A: Interesting, thanks. However, the daughter is a minor and I can understand anyone not wanting their minor child to be evangelized. Whatever the organization, the mother needs to stay cool and keep the communication open.
Click here to read Part 2 of this week's chat.
Discuss this column with Emily Yoffe on their Facebook page.
Ever tried Marijuana French toast for breakfast? If smoke up is the first thing you do in the morning then don't. Hold on till this delicious breakfast is ready and then you'll be able to have breakfast and get stoned at the same time. This is the best way to begin the morning that combines into a good treat for the body and which blows your mind too.
Equipment:
Directions
Lightly butter the baking dish. Cut the baguette crosswise at an angle to make 8 pieces. Each slice should be at least ¾ inches thick. Keep aside. In a small bowl cream the two kinds of butters till they are thoroughly combined. Now spread this butter on one side of each of the 8 slices. Now arrange these 8 slices, butter side up, into the greased baking dish.
In a separate mixing bowl add the eggs, milk, maple syrup, sugar, vanilla and salt. Whisk the ingredients till they blend. Pour this mixture over the bread and allow the slices to soak it up by pressing it down on it with a spoon. Cover the dish and refrigerate for 8 hours.
When you wish to have your Baked Marijuana French Toast, preheat the oven to 350°F. Once heated uncover the dish and place the baking tray in the oven and bake for 45 minutes or until the tops turn golden brown. Dust them with powdered sugar and enjoy the power. The potent baked marijuana toast is a great way to begin a morning as it gives you just the right fillip.
Despite sensationally leading McLaren to victory in the Bathurst 12 Hour, Shane van Gisbergen remains without a confirmed deal to return to Europe with the manufacturer this season.
The 26-year-old Kiwi joined McLaren's factory driver roster last year, running four of the five-round Blancpain Endurance Series events between their V8 Supercars commitments.
Driving for Von Ryan Racing alongside Rob Bell and the now Porsche-contracted Kevin Estre, Van Gisbergen played a key role in race wins at both Silverstone and the Nurburgring.
The Von Ryan Racing team has been shutdown over the off-season amid Kiwi owner Dave Ryan's move back to Formula 1 with Manor.
McLaren late last week announced its roster of 2016 factory drivers without mention of the V8 Supercars star.
A statement confirmed the retention of Bell and Bathurst winner Alvaro Parente, as well as the signing of former French Carrera Cup champion Côme Ledogar.
Bell and Ledogar will both compete in the BES, while Parente is being sent to the United States to race in the K-Pax Pirelli World Challenge team, which is also set to include Erebus' Bathurst 12 Hour young gun Austin Cindric.
When asked by Speedcafe.com where Van Gisbergen fits into the manufacturer's plans, McLaren GT director Andrew Kirkaldy said that the Kiwi's role remains a work in progress.
“We don't know that at the moment,” they said.
“We are discussing it but it is not decided. We would like to have them again.
“Obviously they are with a new team (Red Bull Racing Australia) and we have got to discuss that (his availability), but there are no decisions yet.”
Kirkaldy added that there remains “a possibility” of seeing Van Gisbergen return to the BES, of which four out of five rounds again avoid direct date clashes with the V8 Supercars Championship.
“We've got programs in several different series and what we have announced is only a bit of it,” they said.
Kirkaldy, who drove alongside Van Gisbergen in Tony Quinn's McLaren at Bathurst two years ago, is full of praise for the V8 star's efforts with the Von Ryan squad last year.
“Shane is fantastic, really good,” they said.
“We had a good run. At Silverstone we made a brave call and Shane had to go out there drive and save a lot of fuel and they did an amazing job at that.
“At the Nurburgring we made a good call. We weren't struggling but we didn't have a good qualifying but again they drive a really good race and went on to victory.”
After taking McLaren's biggest GT3 victory to date on Sunday, Van Gisbergen reiterated their hope to again dovetail their V8 Supercars commitments with more GT outings.
“We've been speaking to Andrew to try and lock it down and go back to Europe again this year,” they smiled. “Maybe now is a good time to ask again.”
Van Gisbergen scored pole position for the Bathurst 12 Hour with a new qualifying lap record on Saturday before going on to secure the race lap record and victory double.
Conservative leadership contests traditionally favour the most europhobic candidate (mere scepticism was long abandoned). In 1997 and 2001, William Hague and Iain Duncan Smith triumphed over a superior politician (Ken Clarke) on these grounds. In 2005, David Cameron won on a modernising platform but outflanked their rivals by vowing to withdraw the Tories from the federalist European People's Party. By appeasing, rather than confronting europhobia, Cameron set in train the events that led to the Brexit vote.
In the next Tory leadership contest, the signs are that Brussels-bashing will once again pay. ConservativeHome's latest party members' survey gives the three Brexiteers positive approval ratings. David Davis (the favourite to succeed Theresa May) is on +72.5, Liam Fox +48.9 and Boris Johnson +39.9. Conversely, after championing a three-year Brexit transition period, Philip Hammond's approval rating has fallen to a record low of -25.4 (from -11.5). Only Conservative chairperson Patrick McLoughlin, still bearing the blame for the Tories' election failure, fares worse.
Other Remainers are also punished (80 per cent of Tory activists backed Leave). Amber Rudd, another supporter of a lengthy transition period, sees their approval rating fall from 45.8 to just 22.4. Rudd's Brexit stance, combined with their micro-majority of 346, represents the greatest obstacle to their leadership ambitions. The Home Secretary is, however, hopeful of winning the endorsement of the Tories' highest-rated politician: Ruth Davidson. Though the Tory grassroots like Brexiteers, it appears they like winners even more (Davidson's rating is +81.9). Were it not for the 12 seats gained by the Scottish Conservatives, the Tories would not be in government at all. But Davidson's support for a soft Brexit could yet taint them in activists' eyes.
Should the next leadership contest take place after Brexit, the Remainers may hope to neutralise the subject. But the risk for them is that, as in the past, Tory members reward those who stood with them in the trenches. The political incentive for cabinet ministers to back a "hard Brexit", or to resign in protest at the negotiations, is therefore significant. On Europe, party and country are once again in conflict.
Commuters wait for a train at the Red Line's Bryn Mawr stop in Edgewater. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Benjamin Woodard (file)
ROGERS PARK — Northbound Red Line trains won't stop in Rogers Park and will bypass all but one station in Edgewater as work continues on an electrical substation.
Residents living near the substation at Farwell and Glenwood avenues can also expect street closures and loud construction noise until early Monday, Ald. Joe Moore (49th) said in an email to constituents.
Howard-bound trains will not stop at Bryn Mawr, Thorndale, Granville, Loyola, Morse or Jarvis stations from Saturday to 2 a.m. Monday, according to the Chicago Transit Authority.
To travel north from these stations, the CTA says to take a 95th-bound train to Berwyn and transfer to a northbound train.
For service to these stations from the south, take a northbound train to Howard and transfer to a 95th-bound train.
Moore said the work was taking place this weekend to limit disruptions to rush-hour commuters and drivers.
When completed, the electrical substation will boost power to passing trains, Moore said.
A Florida teacher has angered parents after having their fourth-grade class write a statement about giving up constitutional rights, Fox 30 News reports.
Cheryl Sabb, who teaches at Cedar Hills Elementary in Jacksonville, apparently asked their fourth-grade class to write down what they were saying, including the statement: “I am willing to give up some of my constitutional rights in order to be safer and more secure,” according to Fox 30.
[pullquote]
Aaron and Amy Harvey, the parents of one of the students, found the note with that statement, written in crayon, in their son's backpack.
"I don't believe that any American or American child should be asked to write this," Aaron Harvey told the First Coast News.
Nikolai Vitti, the Duval County public schools superintendent, said in a written statement: "The Justice Teaching activity on constitutional rights that was conducted at Cedar Hills Elementary School is consistent with our efforts to broaden civics-based education and develop critical thinking skills among our students. The lesson builds awareness of First Amendment rights through a partnership with an association of local attorneys. Our possible concern rests with a follow-up activity that may have been conducted after the lesson."
Aaron Harvey will meet this week with Sabb and a counselor, Fox 30 reported. They have invited other parents to attend.
Click for more from Fox 30 Action News.
After the worst mass shooting in U.S. history, Congress still hasn't acted on gun control.
The U.S. Senate today failed to advance four bills — two sponsored by Democrats, two by Republicans — aimed at limiting access to firearms. They had been offered in the wake of the June 12 attack at the Pulse LGBT nightclub in Orlando, in which gunman Omar Mateen killed 49 people and wounded 53.
The bills were all offered as amendments to a spending bill for Departments of Justice and Commerce, and each needed 60 yes votes to be included in that legislation. None of them won enough votes, so they will not advance in the Senate or to the House of Representatives.
“Instead of getting help from their elected officials, our constituents see a disturbing pattern of inaction,” Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid told reporters after the votes were taken. “It's always the same. After each tragedy we try, we Democrats try to pass sensible gun safety measures. Sadly, our efforts are blocked by the Republicans in Congress who take their marching orders from the National Rifle Association.”
Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy of Connecticut put forth an amendment to expand background checks for gun sales, assuring that those buying guns online an at gun shows would be subject to such checks, which usually happen only during sales by a licensed gun dealer. The other Democratic proposal came from Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, to prevent gun sales to people on the federal government's watch list of suspected terrorists. Feinstein's legislation had the backing of the Justice Department.
On the Republican side, Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa proposed to increase funding for the background check system but change some of the language regarding mental health issues that would result in denial of a gun purchase; opponents said this language would actually allow more people to buy guns. And Sen. John Cornyn of Texas offered an alternative to Feinstein's amendment, letting the federal government delay a gun sale to a suspected terrorist for 72 hours but requiring court action to block the sale permanently. The National Rifle Association endorsed Cornyn's bill.
Murphy, who led a filibuster last week in order to get the Republican majority to agree to even a vote on the amendments, condemned Grassley's and Cornyn's bills during debate today, saying they “aren't even half-measures.” Murphy also spoke of the mass shooting in their state in 2012, at Sandy Hook Elementary School, which took the lives of 20 children and six adults, along with the Orlando massacre.
Vermont Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy spoke of several mass shootings of recently years, saying, “Whether the victims are members of the LBGT community, the African-American church parishioners, first-graders — first-graders! — in elementary school of college students or military service members or others in our community, we are called as Americans to come together in solidarity. Let's enact real solutions that might prevent further acts of senseless violence.”
Supporters of the various amendments acknowledged that they would not stop all acts of gun violence but emphasized that they would prevent some. Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California noted that the problem of gun violence isn't mass shootings alone; in total, 30,000 Americans a year die by gunfire. They presented studies indicating that strict gun laws result in fewer deaths. Grassley, however, contended there is no correlation.
Cornyn asserted that Feinstein's bill would not have kept Mateen from buying a gun, because they were not on a terrorist watch list at the time. Democrats responded that it would, as it provided for FBI checks on gun purchases by anyone who had ever been on a watch list. Feinstein also pointed out that while their legislation was sometimes called “no fly, no buy,” it actually applied to a larger terrorist watch list than just the list of people prevented from boarding airplanes. Some Republicans criticized the watch list as flawed and said using it to deny gun sales would violate constitutional rights. Feinstein said their bill would allow for due process, for people to learn why they were prevented from buying a gun.
None of the measures were really expected to pass, The Washington Post notes, “because the Senate took almost the exact same votes in December after the San Bernardino, Calif., attacks. Those votes largely fell — and failed — along party lines, with Republicans supporting looser versions of gun control proposals and Democrats supporting stricter versions.”
Today's failure nevertheless outraged gun control proponents. “We are deeply disappointed in each and every Senator who failed to stand up today for commonsense gun violence prevention legislation,” said a statement from Human Rights Campaign government affairs director David Stacy. “For decades, LGBTQ people have been a target for bias-motivated violence, and easy access to deadly weapons has compounded this threat. The volatile combination of animosity towards the LGBTQ community and easy access to deadly weapons exacerbates the climate of fear and the dangers faced by LGBTQ people. Reasonable gun violence prevention measures are part of the solution to bias-motivated violence, and it's critical that Congress pass commonsense legislation.”
The gun control group Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America likewise condemned the Senate's inaction and warned that it will cost politicians at the ballot box. Said founder Shannon Watts: “We are making gun safety a litmus test for political leaders, and we will only support candidates willing to stand up to the dangerous agenda of an extremist gun lobby: guns for anyone, anywhere, anytime – no questions asked. Even for terrorists. This is a marathon — not a sprint — but rest assured that we are winning.”
A similar warning came from John Feinblatt, president of Everytown for Gun Safety: “Tonight, far too many senators once again fell for the NRA's games instead of standing up for public safety and national security. Congress has an obligation to get its work done and help protect Americans from gun violence — rather than try to protect gun lobby politicians in an election year. This week, we saw gun sense champions change the political calculus and force a vote in the Senate. That calculus is changing across the country as well — and together, the American people will be voting on this issue in November.”
Update, 5:30 p.m. The Berkeley Police Department has announced it believes this most recent sexual assault is linked to several sexual assaults around campus in February.
Scroll down for video of the man police believe to be responsible.
According to a statement from BPD on Saturday evening, the victim in this most recent incident was a 21-year-old woman who fought back against their assailant. Unlike the victims in the prior incidents, they were not Asian.
The man was described as Hispanic, in their mid-20s to early 30s, unshaven and wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt and dark pants. Police said that, though this description differed slightly from prior descriptions, they believe the suspect could be the same person.
“We believe that the incident relates to previous assaults in the South Campus area,” police said in Saturday's statement. “Detectives are seeking the community's help in identifying the suspect.”
Scroll to the bottom of this story to learn how to contact police. Read more about the prior incidents.
Original story, 2:28 p.m. Police are looking for a man who sexually assaulted a UC Berkeley student early Saturday, authorities have announced. The incident took place at 12:09 a.m. in the 2500 block of Etna Street, near Dwight Way.
The female victim, whose age was not released, was “approached from behind by the male suspect who dragged them off of the sidewalk and sexually assaulted her.” Police released no further details about the nature of the attack.
Video from a prior incident, released previously, appears below. The top video is in real time, and the lower video has been slowed down.
The man was last seen fleeing northbound on Etna. They were described as Hispanic, in their mid-20s to early 30s, and was wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt “with a scruffy face.”
The campus community has been on alert recently, since authorities reported that several Asian women had been targeted near campus in sexual assaults.
The University of California Police Department said it released the statement Saturday afternoon “with the joint cooperation of BPD and UCPD.”
The statement continued: “In the interest of the follow-up investigation, these are all the very important community safety Crime Alert details that UCPD and BPD are offering at this time.”
UCPD included the following safety tips in its announcement Saturday:
If you feel you are being followed, cross the street, yell, run and look for a well-lit area or occupied building.
Utilize the free Night Safety Services
If you are the victim of a sexual assault and wish to file a police report do not shower or wash clothing worn during the assault.
The following resources are available to crime survivors, though some are specifically linked to the university and require UC affiliation:
Bay Area Women Against Rape (BAWAR): 24-hour line, 510-845-RAPE (7273)
Confidential Care Advocate: 510-642-1988
Tang Social Services: 510-642-6074
The Survivor Support Website – http://survivorsupport.berkeley.edu/
Gender Equity Resource Center: 510-643-5727
CARE Services for Faculty and Staff: 510-643-7754
Police ask anyone with information about the crime to call the Berkeley Police Department Special Victims Unit at 510-981-5735. Callers who wish to remain anonymous can call Bay Area Crime Stoppers at 800-222-8477.
Related:
Asian women targeted in 3 sexual assaults near Cal; police release video, ask public for help (02.18.16)
2 sexual assaults near People's Park in Berkeley in 6 days (02.17.16)
Get the latest Berkeley news in your inbox with Berkeleyside's free Daily Briefing. And make sure to bookmark Berkeleyside's pages on Facebook and Twitter. You don't need an account on those sites to view important information.
My rematch santa is for sure the best. First of all they delivered with express so I get it rly fast :o (only 1 day, wow!). Also they mailed me so so cool zombie themed :D
But lets talk about the gifts I got :3
I got a Michonne & Darly Figure :D (my favo characters of TWD). In addition my rematch santa told me that there are still 2 other gifts coming :o
I dont know when they will arrive but when they do I will update this post.
But omg, thank you so much. Thank you soooooooo much, IDK what to say now. Just thank you. I hope you also get so cool gifts!
Edit: 3rd gift arrived, secrent santa - you are so amazing :*
Edit 2: Last gift arrived _Thank you so much again rematch santa! Thank you for giving me all this awesome stuff. And ofc, I will continue killing zombies! :D
'States Rights' Republicans to Ban Localities From Protecting LGBT People
GOP Governor Pat McCrory (photo, left, with Charlotte resident Franklin Graham) wants state lawmakers to act quickly to repeal, revoke, or rescind the City Of Charlotte's recently-passed law that will protect LGBT people. The ordinance would also allow transgender citizens the right to use the public restroom that most closely conforms to their gender identity.
The North Carolina governor has insisted even before the legislation passed that they would find a way to invalidate it, and has asked state lawmakers to do just that.
The law goes into effect April 1, and the state legislature's short session does not begin until April 25. GOP lawmakers are weighing an early special session just to act on Charlotte's nondiscrimination ordinance, but Gov. McCrory would like them to wait, as that would cost taxpayers $42,000 per day.
But McCrory will be satisfied either way.
"This is local government overreach" and "new regulation on business," they said of the nondiscrimination ordinance, which about 250 other cities across the nation also have in various forms.
By passing the law, the Charlotte City Council was "trying to solve a problem that I don't think existed except in very rare case," they said, according to the Charlotte Business Journal.
WATCH: Benham Brothers: Passage Of Charlotte LGBT Protections Bill Will Allow Us To Become WNBA Stars
McCrory called the ordinance a "safety issue."
"To me it's a privacy issue and a perception of a problem with public safety," they said at a meeting Friday.
GOP House Speaker Tim Moore has said Charlotte's ordinance "poses an imminent threat to public safety."
Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger stunningly asked: "How many fathers are now going to be forced to go to the ladies' room to make sure their little girls aren't molested?"
Discrimination is never right. Shocked #ncga is still considering hurting job growth and tourism in NC. Hope cooler heads will prevail. â€” Mayor of Charlotte (@CLTMayor) March 3, 2016
EARLIER:
North Carolina GOP Speaker Vows To Nullify Charlotte's 'Radical' New LGBT Nondiscrimination Bill
Franklin Graham Just Went Berserk Over Tonight's Charlotte LGBT Nondiscrimination Vote
NC Gov. Warns Charlotte Protecting LGBT People Will Bring 'Immediate' State Consequences
Image via Facebook
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Marshawn Lynch was ruled out of the NFC wild-card game against Minnesota late Friday, but the Seattle Seahawks running back may have actually ruled themselves out.
Lynch reportedly told the Seahawks they aren't ready to go against the Vikings on Sunday in the frigid temperatures in Minnesota.
"Hard for #SEA fans to hear but I commend #Lynch for saying I'm too banged up to play & I cannot go. I respect them for that." @alexmarvez Article continues below ... — FOX Sports Radio (@FoxSportsRadio) January 9, 2016
Marshawn Lynch told the team right before they got on the plane they didn't feel they could play this week. — Mike Garafolo (@MikeGarafolo) January 9, 2016
Lynch was listed as a full participant in practice all three days this week after not playing since Week 10 against Arizona. Lynch had abdominal surgery Nov. 25 and rejoined the team this week after spending most of their recovery in the Bay Area working out with personal trainers.
With Lynch out the Seahawks are likely to rely on the combo of Christine Michael and Bryce Brown, who shared the rushing load the final three weeks of the regular season. Michael is coming off a career-high 102 yards rushing in the season finale against the Arizona Cardinals.
Celebrities sometimes live luxurious, high-flying, starry lives. As a result, it can be quite the challenge for them to name everyday objects. On Tuesday night's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live, host Jimmy Kimmel pitted The Walking Dead actor Lauren Cohan and Kung Fu Panda 3-star Jack Black in a game of “Name That Thing.” As it turns out, both stars are not very good at identifying household objects: they could recognize a sitar, but not a sickle.
As the game went on, Kimmel ending up having to relax their rubric a bit. Neither of them correctly guessed “guava,” but the host gave Cohan some points for at least calling it a “small fruit.”
WANT MORE? Keep up with all the latest late-night coverage by subscribing to our newsletter. Head here for more details.
Watch the full clip below.
Hello Summoners! Welcome to the Rift Raid Guide. This is a three part series that will help summoners at any stage understand the basics of Rift Raiding and how to increase your chances of defeating Rift Raid Level 5 (R5). While this is not an exhausted guide, I am hoping that this content will help many people decide how to create or enhance their current Raid Teams. Please leave comments below with any additional comments or suggestions. Thanks for visiting!
Raid Basics
Introduction
This guide is based on my own progression in Raids. Hopefully this will help players at all stages of the game to understand the basics of Rift Raids and how to improve your team. While this guide is primarily focused on R5, the overall strategies provided in this three part guide will also apply to lower Rift Raid Levels. The meta is changing every few months with balance patches, so please share any suggestions, feedback or comments below and I will try to keep this post as up-to-date as possible.
Before we get started, I wanted to give a shout out to Syntac for a guide they put together several months ago. While some of the strategies and such are outdated, it provides a great overview of the basic Raid mechanics. Please take a look at this guide as it provides a lot of great insight on Rift Raids that are not explained here in detailed.
What is the Rift Raid?
The Rift Raid is unique content in Summoners War that allows three players to simultaneously fight the boss together. This battle is set to auto, so you are unable to do the fight manually. Because of this, the best way to increase your chances of successfully beating the Rift Raid Boss is by working together with the other teams to create a party that has the necessary damage and support.
Getting Started
Unit Selection
When you first start a Rift Raid, the first screen you will see is the unit selection page. There is a total of 8 slots available for you to place your units, 4 in the “Front Line” and 4 in the “Back Line”. The placement of your units changes how much damage your team will absorb from each of the bosses attacks. When you are ready to select units for your team, you will notice that you are only able to select 6 units, so you need to decide what formation you want to do. Having more units you have on the front line reduces the overall hp / def requirements needed on each unit. This is due to damage being mitigated over 4 units instead of 2.
When you are first starting out, you may need to do a 2 Front /4 Back lineups, as you may not have the necessary stats to have four units on the front line. However as your runes become stronger and you are able to grind and convert stats, you will be able to slowly change to a 4 man front line. Below are the recommended stats needed for R5. Please note that these stats assume you are running Darion or Dias. If you are not, i'd try to increase the stats by 10-20%.
Recommended Stats For R5:
Please note that these stats do not include leader skills or towers. Also when building front line tanks, having a few units well over the recommended stats minimums can really be helpful when RNG takes place.
2 Man Front Units: At least 25k hp and 1.6k def
4 Man Front Line Units: At least 22k hp and 1.3k def
Backline Units: Aim for at least 18k hp and 800 def… however I personally like 20k
Speed Requirements: The only recommended speed stats required are for Healers and Cleansers which is ~200 speed. You will find that having lower speed will make it more difficult to sustain damage over the entire battle.
Leader Skills
Once you select your 6 units for your raid team, you will need to select a Leader Skill. Each team in the raid is allowed to select a leader skill, which is shared among all of your raid teammates units. For example, if the raid party selects “Defense”, “Critical Chance” and “Resistance”, your team will receive all three leader skills. This leader skill however do not stack, so bringing two “Defense” leaders does not provide you double the defense.
In the Rift Raid, only leader-skills without any area conditions will apply. Using area specific leader skills will have no effect. Elemental leader skills also work, but they are not recommended. The recommended leader skills for Rift Raid are shown below:
Critical Chance – This allows you to build your team with 76/81% CR to ensure all of your damage deals can obtain max CR. Hwa is pretty much the staple CR leader unit.
Defense – This leader skill is typically favored over HP, as it makes keeping your team healed easier. Fire Panda is pretty much the staple Def leader unit. Other popular ones include Bastet and Fire Monkey.
Resistance – This is the most important leader skill. It is essential that all of your healers / cleansers have 100% Resistance once you include the Resistance Leader Skill. A poorly timed stun due to the lack of resistance could result in the death of your party. Dias is the best Resistance Leader unit, however Praha and Tesarion are both solid choices as well.
Why Raid?
This content is generally for more Mid to Late players, but anyone is welcome to experience the content as it provides a great way to be more social within the game. There becomes a certain point in every summoners wars career, where farming for runes becomes less and less rewarding. This is when you should switch to Rift Raids to enhance your runes! Otherwise you will spend a tremendous amount of time, energy and resources powering up runes that you know are replaceable.
The rune requirement for the Rift Raids is quite high, so you need to make sure you have the essential stats to survive both R4. For newer players, once you are a stable R4 team, this is when I would suggest farming Raids. There is no shame in doing R4, especially when you are first getting into raids. Farm as many grindstones and gems to power up your runes. Eventually you will be able to move onto R5 once you have the necessary stats to survive.
Raid Boss Overview
Now that you understand some of the basic set up to starting Rift Raids, let's take a look at the Raid Boss skills. It is important to understand the mechanics behind each move so that you can properly create a Rift Team to battle the Raid Boss.
Breath of Doom
Attacks all enemies and decreases their Attack Power and Attack Speed for 2 turns. Puts them in an oblivious state for 2 turns after the attack. The harmful effect activation rate will increase as the level of the Raid increases.
Crush of Doom (Front Line Only Attack)
Targets the front line of the enemy and unleashes an attack that ignores all beneficial effects. The damage increases substantially as the target's Defense decreases. This attack will target the backline if there are no Monsters left in the frontline.
Rageful Roar
Becomes enraged whenever an enemy gets a turn and the skill will activate automatically when enraged 16 times. Attacks all enemies, removes all beneficial effects and recovers the HP in proportion to the number of removed beneficial effects. This attack will also stun all enemies and permanently increase the Boss's attack power.
Total Annihilation
Attacks all party members whenever the boss loses 25% of the HP. All harmful effects will be removed and the boss's stats will substantially increase when this skill is activated. Crush of Doom and Breath of Doom will gain an additional hit whenever Total Annihilation is activated.
Carnage
When the boss eliminates an entire team of Monsters, the boss's attack speed will increase and will start attacking all of the nearby enemies.
Destroyer's Revenge (Passive)
The damage of the next attack will increase in proportion to the number of the enemy's turn. The damage will reset after the attack.
Ruler of Chaos (Passive)
The 3 heads of the boss will share the attack gauge at the start of the battle using its chaotic strength. Also, the boss will mitigate HP proportionate damage it receives by sharing a single HP among the 3 heads
Raid of Worlds: Rift Raid Guide Series
Rift Raid Guide Part 1 – Overview
Rift Raid Guide Part 2 – Unit Review
Rift Raid Guide Part 3 – Team Suggestions
This article was written by Imintrouble
On Sunday's (Oct. 16) episode of HBO's Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, host John Oliver quickly skipped over the usual objection to third-party candidates such as US presidential hopefuls Jill Stein and Gary Johnson—that they are spoiler candidates who could siphon off votes from the major-party nominees.
Instead, the late-night show host evaluated the third-party candidates as if they were “legitimate potential presidents.” After all, nearly a third of young voters in the US said they were considering voting for either Stein or Johnson, Oliver said, citing a New York Times/CBS News poll taken last month.
“It's hardly surprising that some are seeking an alternative,” Oliver said. “When your main two options are depressing, any third option seems good.” Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump are among the most disliked presidential candidates in US history, Oliver pointed out, citing a recent Gallup poll.
But upon closer inspection, the alternative candidates' platforms appeared to be as flawed as the campaigns from their major party counterparts, Oliver pointed out.
They compared Green Party nominee Jill Stein's flagship student-debt forgiveness proposal to Trump's plan to build a wall between the US and Mexico. Stein's proposal suggests a basic lack of understanding of how monetary policy works. For starters, Oliver points out that it is controlled by the US's central bank, the Federal Reserve, not by the president, as Stein has suggested. As for their student debt proposal, Oliver explained, a president cannot fund a new law by printing money.
“When I said their student debt proposal was their version of Donald Trump's border wall I meant it,” Oliver said, “because the only way that it could be any more unlikely is if they claimed Mexico was somehow going to pay for it.”
Oliver also dredged up jarring audio clips of Jill Stein's 1990s folk-rock band Somebody's Sister, which included a terrible rap about the virtues of bicycling. “I feel like we just found out who or what killed Biggie and Tupac,” Oliver deadpanned.
Libertarian Gary Johnson, who has been polling around 6%—the highest of any third-party candidate in the election, is similarly “prone to overly simple solutions that could have disastrous consequences,” Oliver said, brushing past recent blunders in which Johnson was caught in TV interviews not recognizing the name of the Syrian city of Aleppo and being stumped when asked to name a single living foreign leader.
Instead, Oliver focused on less widely reported displays of naiveté about government, including a CNN interview in which Johnson said they would eliminate income and corporation taxes and replace them with a federal consumption tax—a plan experts found would unfairly burden the middle class and cut the government's revenue.
They also played a clip of Johnson being asked on MSNBC to name three federal departments or agencies they would eliminate, in which Johnson named the Department of Education, the Department of Commerce, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development—while displaying only a vague understanding of what those agencies do.
The late-night host summed up with descriptions of the candidates: Donald Trump as a “lying, handsy, narcissistic sociopath”; Hillary Clinton as a “hawkish, Wall Street friendly embodiment of everything that some people can't stand about politics”; Gary Johnson as an “ill-tempered mountain molester with a radically dangerous tax plan that even they can't defend”; and Jill Stein as a “conspiracy-pandering political neophyte with no clear understanding of how government operates.”
“Look, I would love for there to be a perfect third-party candidate,” Oliver said. “But it is hard to make the case that that is what's happening here. There is no perfect candidate in this race.”
Here's Oliver's full monologue:
John F. Kennedy is not the only Massachusetts Democrat with an anniversary worth marking this fall. Nor is November 22nd the only occasion for sombre reflection, for rueful meditation on what might have been. You might have missed this amid the endless rerunning of the Zapruder reel, but it was twenty-five years ago this September that Governor Michael Dukakis, on a campaign visit to Sterling Heights, Michigan, strapped on a helmet, climbed into an Abrams tank, and effectively ceded the Presidential election to Vice-President George Bush.
As Josh King, a former Dukakis advance man, recently recalled in Politico Magazine, the photo-op-gone-predictably-awry was a case of the Governor “pretending to be something they aren't.” But the larger problem for Dukakis was being something they actually are: a technocrat. No less damaging than the tank photo was Dukakis's bloodless pronouncement at the 1988 Democratic National Convention that “this election isn't about ideology; it's about competence.” The G.O.P. made merciless hay of this. “Competence,” Bush said in their acceptance speech a few weeks later, “is a narrow ideal. Competence makes the trains run on time but doesn't know where they're going.” More commonly it is fascists (namely, Mussolini), not technocrats, who are said to make trains run on time, but nonetheless: advantage, Bush. And soon, election, Bush.
Competence, indeed, is a narrow ideal. It does not send a thrill up one's leg, and we will never write country music about it. That said, we Americans do like our trains to run on time—just as we like our Web pages to load quickly and our hold time on toll-free calls to be brief. If we are forgiving of sin, we are intolerant of incompetence. One of the unkindest cuts President Obama has received in recent weeks was the finding in yesterday's Washington Post-ABC poll that a majority of Americans, fifty-six per cent, think he's not “a good manager.”
It's easy to forget how central that quality was to Obama's appeal in 2008. The placards said “hope,” but Obama's equanimity—especially in contrast to the bumbling George W. Bush Administration and the flailing, flipped-out campaign of John McCain and Sarah Palin—said “competence.” At long last, twenty years after the Dukakis debacle, the C-word itself could again be uttered in polite company: in the final days of the campaign, Obama pledged “a better government—a more competent government.” Newspaper endorsements picked up this line. “For all the excitement of their … candidacy,” the Los Angeles Times observed, “Obama has offered more competence than drama.” The Financial Times wrote that “the steady competence of the Obama operation commands respect.”
For Obama, the focus on good, effective governance predated their campaign. It was on their mind from their first months on Capitol Hill, despite the fact that, as a first-year student senator, they had little line authority over anything beyond the dress code of their staff. I met with them around this time, in the fall of 2005, to solicit their views on a policy agenda for a new think tank. Hurricane Katrina, Obama said, had raised doubts that the government could act effectively—a matter of special concern for progressives, they added, because progressives, unlike conservatives, actually want government to do something other than recede.
“Unlike the Republican agenda,” Bill Galston, of the Brookings Institution, recently told Politico, “the Democratic agenda does not work unless people have a certain level of trust in the competence of the government to act on their behalf.” And when the President of the United States has to stand in the briefing room, apologize for “fumbling” the rollout of the most significant piece of reform legislation in nearly half a century, promise “patches” to their “glitches,” and ruminate about the “systematic problem” of federal “information technology procurement,” that level of trust, chronically thin, simply dissolves.
The efficacy of government, now the lonely responsibility of Democrats, used to be the province of both parties. (So did liberalism, for that matter, but good luck selling that one outside the faculty lounge.) The Progressive movement of the early twentieth century, with its enthusiasm for “scientific” administration and the emerging field of business management, influenced the approach of Theodore Roosevelt as well as Woodrow Wilson. William H. Taft, Herbert Hoover, and Franklin D. Roosevelt all sought to reorganize the executive branch to better manage the administrative state. In 1936, 1940, and again in 1944, F.D.R. faced Republican challengers who pledged not to repeal or roll back the New Deal, but to be better flight attendants of it—to run it more proficiently, more economically, with greater flexibility in its operation. Dwight D. Eisenhower, the first Republican President since Hoover, took precisely that position toward the welfare state, to the mounting fury of their party's conservative wing.
Over time, the Republican abhorrence of government per se eclipsed the Republican interest in efficiency in government. It is hard to maintain, with a straight face, a promise to run a tight ship when you've been boring holes in its hull. Republican negligence gave centrist Democrats like Bill Clinton an opportunity to reclaim the mantle of sound management after the failures of the Great Society. Clinton pledged a government that was “more active, more effective, [and] less expensive,” and launched an ambitious effort to “reinvent government”—which may be best remembered not by the amount of red tape it cut but by the image of Vice-President Al Gore in safety goggles, smashing a glass ashtray with a hammer on the “Late Show with David Letterman” to demonstrate the foolishness of certain governmental regulations.
But, as Obama is finding, it's hard for one party to make government work when the other party is determined to make government fail. Yes, the healthcare.gov debacle is manifestly “on us,” as Obama had to concede last week. But it happened in the face of a relentless campaign by the G.O.P. to do everything possible to prevent the law from taking effect, or from working if it did. Congressional oversight, particularly as practiced by Representative Darrell Issa, is just another theatre in the war on efficacy. On occasion, we hear of Republican reforms to the Affordable Care Act, but these are offered in the spirit of the vandal who blithely assures you that your car will run better with two wheels rather than four, so would you please hold their jacket while they remove your rear axle.
If there is any ambiguity left to the G.O.P. reform agenda, let it be put to rest by Michael F. Cannon, the director of health-policy studies at the Cato Institute and a former Republican Hill staffer: “The only way to eliminate waste, fraud and abuse in a governmental activity,” they testified before a House subcommittee in 2011, “is to eliminate that activity.” When you see virtually every governmental function, a priori, as wasteful, fraudulent, and abusive, from disaster relief to early-childhood education, the only way to save the village, to paraphrase a U.S. military officer in Vietnam, is to destroy it. This, one fears, they can do quite competently.
Jeff Shesol, a former speechwriter for President Clinton, is the author of “Supreme Power: Franklin Roosevelt vs. the Supreme Court” and is a partner at West Wing Writers. Follow them on Twitter at @JeffShesol.
Illustration by Ed Nacional.
President Donald Trump is imposing a lifetime ban on administration officials lobbying for foreign governments, and a five-year ban for other lobbying.
Trump used their executive authority Saturday to put in place the bans - fulfilling part of their campaign pledge to "drain the swamp" in Washington.
Trump has said that those who want to work for them should focus on the job they'll be doing for the American people, and not on future income earned by peddling their influence after serving in government.
Administration officials describe the bans as historic in scope. But it's not immediately clear how they'd be enforced.
Trump also took a separate action to restructure the National Security Council ask military advisers to prepare a plan to defeat the Islamic State group.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close
Email This Story Sends email to this address Enter Your Name Add a comment here Verification Send Email Cancel
Every other Friday during the academic year, the University of Massachusetts pays its employees. This year, the first payday was Sept. 25.
For some employees, however, Sept. 25 came and went without a deposit in their account.
“I had no idea at all (I wasn't going to be paid),” said Candice Travis, a graduate student-worker in the political science department. “I woke up on Friday, and I was prepping for class and stuff, and I checked my bank account, and was like, ‘Why is this still so low?'”
According to Anais Surkin, union organizer and representative for the Graduate Employee Organization, approximately 400 graduate student-workers did not get paid on the first payday of the year, and not just first-year students. However, the union isn't sure of the exact number because the University is not releasing the information, despite filing an information request.
Surkin said UMass told them they would receive the data on Nov. 20, correlating with an agreement signed between the University and the union last year about late salary payments. Surkin asserts that graduate students “have a legal right to request information related to our contracts.”
Though some graduate students got paid on Oct. 9, the second payday of the semester, Adam Garfield, a graduate student in the labor studies department, said they know of some students who still haven't been paid after two pay cycles. Garfield was paid in full on the second payday, but not the first.
In a statement to the Daily Collegian, UMass spokesperson Patrick Callahan said there are a variety of reasons why graduate student-workers may not be paid on time, including departments not submitting paperwork on time, complications of grant funding or teaching assistant assignments, or graduate students not submitting their required documentation “in a timely and accurate fashion.”
Surkin said while there are students who didn't submit their paperwork on time, and it is the fault of those students in that situation, the majority of graduate students and departments submitted their paperwork on time and people are still not getting paid.
“It's a university and HR processing issue,” Surkin said, and the GEO plans to take action.
Getting better, but still not there
Two years ago, Surkin said about 530 graduate student-workers were paid over a month late, which sparked the University and GEO to sit down and come to an agreement in the hope of avoiding an issue in the future.
The agreement, signed in September 2014, set up a process for emergency salary payments in the event that graduate students aren't paid. Graduate student-workers can receive up to 80 percent of their paycheck if they aren't paid on time, which leaves room for any deductions the government or UMass has to make.
Surkin, who was a key proponent for the agreement, said signing the agreement last year has helped in a number of ways, but obviously hasn't solved the problem. For example, the day before the missed payday, a lot of students were notified they wouldn't receive a paycheck and were told to go to their department to apply for an ESP. In the past, there was no notification and no ESP.
However, Surkin said that “ESP is not a paycheck.”
“Yes, it's gotten better, but it's not as good as a paycheck,” they added.
Additionally, some students, including Travis and Sid Issar, also a political science graduate student, never received a notification. And getting an ESP is a process – the student's department has to apply for it on behalf of them, and the student, if approved, has to go to the bursar's office to pick up a physical check, a process that took Travis over an hour to complete.
A traditional payday is completed via direct deposit, so picking up a physical check could pose problems for a graduate student. Issar, who moved to the area from Brooklyn, has a Citibank account. However there is not a Citibank location to deposit a check at for over 50 miles, so they had to use alternative means.
“My girlfriend was visiting me that weekend,” Issar said, “and they have a Bank of America, so I deposited it into their account, but it's not yet cleared in their account because that takes some time. Then she's going to have to PayPal it to me, and PayPal takes three or four days.”
Issar said overall, the process was very stressful, a sentiment that Garfield and Travis both echoed.
Travis and Issar said they did get paid on Oct. 9.
Wage increase
Surkin said another issue is that the University has not given student-workers a pay increase that was agreed to in May. GEO agreed with the University to a 3.5 percent wage increase in May 2015, then another 3.5 percent increase in September 2015, and another in September 2016.
However, the University processes wage increases by waiting for every department to send in all the paperwork related to the increase, Surkin said. The departments are instructed to write each contract at the old wage, and UMass then applies the wage increase across the board. People don't see the increase until “who knows when,” Surkin said, estimating it wouldn't be until November that raises would kick in.
“The minimum wage is higher than what people are getting paid,” Surkin said, adding that it relates to the idea the University seems to have that graduate students don't really deserve or need to be respected or paid for their work.
“It's just another way the University is taking money from us,” they said, and they said it happens every time graduate student-workers get a raise.
‘A broader idea'
The late pay issue comes less than a month after Chancellor Kumble Subbaswamy made a joke at the graduate student convocation referencing an “oath of poverty” that graduate students take when they enroll.
Travis said they were “shocked” when Subbaswamy made the comment.
“It seems like they don't take seriously the fact that we work to educate undergraduate students, which is part of the major mission of UMass as a university,” they said.
Travis added, “You want to come to an institution and make an impact on the students and on the instuition itself, and that's a big thing to not get the same respect from administrators. It's upsetting.”
Issar said the biggest problem with the chancellor's comment is that it assumes students come from a middle class background and have money or family to fall back on.
“It sort of has this very specific idea of where students are coming from into higher education, and it sort of takes lightly this struggle that a graduate student has … (and) that's a dangerous assumption to make in the first place because there are a lot of students from working class backgrounds or international students (with) exchange rates,” they said.
“It's just unfortunate that that was the wording they used, but this issue cannot be fixed by the students,” Garfield said. “It has to be fixed by the administration, and there are people that could be better at fixing this problem than (students).”
Issar said the issue was “a broader idea” about how bureaucracies and financial institutions operate. If a person misses a payment, there are repercussions for the individual, such as fees or a lower credit rating. Institutions, however, are never penalized for it – “they brush it under the rug.”
“I feel like it's only fair that there should be some sort of reciprocity, or institutions should be penalized or liable when they make late payments because it affects an individual's ability to actually make payments to credit cards or loans or whatever it is,” Issar said.
Patrick Hoff can be reached at [email protected] and followed on Twitter @Hoff_Patrick16.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PARKER, Colo. -- Presidential candidate Gary Johnson visited the Denver metro area to speak at a rally Monday night.
The event was held at the University of Colorado South Denver in Parker. The nominee for the Libertarian party has 7 percent support in Colorado, according to the latest polling.
“When somebody says to you that you are wasting your vote, how is there not a more wasted vote than voting for somebody you don't believe in?” Johnson said.
About 1,200 supporters attended the rally during which Johnson spoke on several issues and themes of their campaign, including balancing the budget, curbing health care costs and support of the Second Amendment.
They gave a detailed description of the U.S. role in the Syria conflict, and a reference to Aleppo, a response after they recently had a gaffe during a TV interview when they failed to recognize the city, saying, "What is Aleppo?"
Libertarian vice presidential nominee Bill Weld said Monday they believe Johnson "would be the best president because of the policies" that they have proposed, as the former Republican governor sought to redirect focus from their recent comment that he's "not sure anybody is more qualified than Hillary Clinton."
Weld said they meant he's "not sure there is anybody more qualified on paper" than Clinton, clarifying that they think Johnson would be the best person for the job once in office because of their ideas.
"Well, I said I'm not sure there is anybody more qualified than they are on paper. I mean, she's got quite a resume. Six or eight years as a senator. They were known for mastering their brief in the Senate and four years as secretary of state. On paper, that is a pretty good resume," Weld said.
"I went on to say that I think Gary Johnson would be the best president because of the policies, fiscal and military and otherwise, that they would implement."
Weld also pushed back on criticism of Johnson's recent high-profile foreign policy gaffes, such as when they failed to identify the Syrian city of Aleppo during an interview and couldn't name a world leader they respected when asked during an MSNBC town hall event.
"You know, pop quizzes on TV are just not Gary's long suit. But I think having the right policies is more important than doing well on a pop quiz," the former Massachusetts governor said.
Weld articulated Johnson's argument against military interventionism, adding, "Gary Johnson has said that, and that's more important than the place names."
Weld was also asked if they are concerned about the Libertarian ticket's potential role as presidential spoiler, as recent polls have shown Johnson and Weld cutting into Clinton's support among younger voters.
But Weld dismissed concerns that their ticket could hand Donald Trump the presidency.
"On the technical question of who we're taking votes from, I'm quite sure at the end of the day we will end up with a lot more moderate Republican voters than we will vote coming from Mrs. Clinton. That's just my view, but I do think that's all right," they said.
Mrs. Doubtkelly preparing to gentrify something. Photo illstration by Slate. Images via Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images, 20th Century Fox.
John Kelly is the new White House chief of staff. They have reportedly imposed an orderly, hierarchical management system on a West Wing that was previously characterized by disorder and confusion.
Mrs. Doubtfire is a ‘90s Robin Williams comedy about a man who impersonates a British nanny in order to spend time with their children after they become estranged from their mother.
Tara Palmeri is a Politico reporter. Here's what they just tweeted about how John Kelly and Mrs. Doubtfire are apparently related:
Former WH official just described Gen Kelly as "the Mrs. Doubtfire of the White House -- General Doubtfire" bc he's "gentrified everything" — Tara Palmeri (@tarapalmeri) September 5, 2017
After a great deal of consultation with fellow Slate staffers and Twitter users, the best theory I have heard is that this anonymous ex-official thinks gentrification has something to do with gender (i.e., genderification). This would track with both the plot of Mrs. Doubtfire and previous reports that John Kelly is also nicknamed “the Church Lady” because they are strict and morally condescending. (The “Church Lady” also happens to be another reference to a ‘90s-era female character portrayed by a male comedian.) In other words, it appears that some Trump advisers believe that not operating in a state of incompetent chaos is the kind of annoying thing a lady would do. Which would actually explain a lot!
The bond between hockey players and their equipment has always run deeper for goaltenders, so it was no surprise some of the best to play the position reached out immediately to share their thoughts and memories after the passing of long-time mask maker Gary Warwick Sr. on Wednesday.
The devastating news broke on a Facebook post from Gary's son, Gary Warwick Jr, that their father has passed away after a battle with heart and kidney problems at the age of 73:
By the time news of Warwick Sr. passing reached the InGoal offices, it was already early evening but that didn't prevent an immediate late-night outpouring from the goalie community, starting with an email from the Hall of Fame goalie pictured in the Facebook post, Ed Belfour, and their son, Dayn, who is also a goalie.
“Dayn and I are so sad to hear the news,” Belfour wrote. “Gary was always so happy and passionate about goaltending and making us the most innovative protective masks in the world. They had a way with their mannerisms and sound effects that always left us smiling and happy to be working with him. We'll always remember him! God bless a wonderful person!”Warwick, who is from Port Huron, Michigan, had been making masks since 1967. In the early years, they would hand lay-up mask and hand cut and file each shell. They broke into the NHL eight years later through goalies like Eddie Johnston and Yves Belanger of the St Louis Blues, Doug Grant and Bill Olichuck of the Colorado Rockies, Mike Liut, and Rogie Vachon. (You can hear Warwick Sr. talk about their history making masks in this early InGoal Magazine interview with founder David Hutchison from 2009
After the change from moulded masks to caged combos in the late 1970s, Warwick began making theirs using a mixture of carbon fibre, Kevlar and epoxy resin, building custom masks for since-retired goalies like Belfour, Marty Turco, Evgeni Nabokov, as well as a unique custom helmet-and-cage combo for Dominik Hasek while they were with the Detroit Red Wings that allowed for custom paint.
“It was always made perfect for you,” Nabokov said over the phone from San Jose late Wednesday night.
“Every time anybody asks me, I always recommend that mask, it was the best I ever had. It was light and I felt protected and I tried a lot of different masks. Theirs was the best.”
For Michigan native and new Anaheim Ducks goalie Ryan Miller, the relationship with Warwick was a long and special one.
“Gary started making me masks when I was 17,” Miller wrote in an email. “Being from Michigan it was a lot of fun to visit their basement workshop and have your mask fitted just like the pros. I have worked closely with them and their family over the years on my mask as it evolved and improved. Gary went out of their way for their goalies. I'm going to miss their stories on the phone when I order my masks.”
There are a lot of goalies that purchased their first Warwick mask from their basement. It was that interaction, along with the quality of their masks, that is most remembered. On social media, the reaction was unanimous and balanced between the quality of masks and the quality of person.
Whether you were played youth hockey, beer leagues, were on your way to the Hall of Fame, or just running a blog and had some questions about the industry, Gary Warwick Sr. took the time to really talk to you and left you feeling special after the exchange.
“What makes goalies unique is in large part due to those that suit us up and those that understand us,” Turco wrote. “Gary Warwick did both with passion and grace. A man of conviction, Gary made me feel like could conquer the world. A true gentleman that will be sorely missed. I hope my gargoyles that donned my mask take care of them up there.”
Along with Miller, Mike McKenna is one of many pro goalies who still wears a Warwick mask.
“Nineteen seasons and not one injury wearing their mask,” said McKenna. “He was truly one of the last craftsman in the mask trade. I will miss him.”
Gary Warwick Sr. is survived by their wife, Shelley, who was always an equally friendly voice and vale source of information when they picked up the phone at their shop, and their two sons, Chad, who runs Defender Masks out of Colorado, and Gary Warwick Jr., who continues to build Warwick masks in the same Michigan shop.
“Gary shared their mask making skills with both their sons when they were young,” Shelley said. “He would take them from ice rink to ice rink to make head molds of the goalies. So great they passed on the mask making to the next generation.”
A member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir is quitting the group to avoid performing at President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's inauguration, calling it a "hugely moral issue."
Jan Chamberlin this week sent a resignation letter to the choir president, saying they "could never look [herself] in the mirror again with self-respect" had they performed for Trump.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Since the announcement, I have spent several sleepless nights and days in turmoil and agony. I have reflected carefully on both sides of the issue, prayed a lot, talked with family and friends, and searched my soul," they wrote in the letter.
"I've tried to tell myself that by not going to the inauguration, that I would be able to stay in choir for all the other good reasons. I've tried to tell myself that it will be all right and that I can continue in good conscience before God and man," they added.
"I only know I could never ‘throw roses to Hitler.' And I certainly could never sing for him."
Chamberlin added to their letter in a Facebook post, writing:
"History is repeating itself; the same tactics are being used by Hitler (identify a problem, finding a scapegoat target to blame, and stirring up people with a combination of fanaticism, false promises, and fear, and gathering the funding). I plead with everyone to go back and read the books we all know on these topics and review the films produced to help us learn from these gargantuan crimes so that we will not allow them to be repeated. Evil people prosper when good people stand by and do nothing."
A church spokesperson told The Salt Lake Tribune that participation in the choir and the performance at the inauguration was voluntary and that only a limited number of members could have participated at the event.
The Boy Scouts of America will now allow girls to join their well-known Cub Scout program, which will enable them to advance to the highest rank of Eagle Scout, according to a statement released Wednesday.
The organization's board of directors voted unanimously to make the historic change to the group that has been for boys since its founding over 100 years ago.
“Today, the Boy Scouts of America Board of Directors unanimously approved to [sic] welcome girls into its iconic Cub Scout program and to deliver a Scouting program for older girls that will enable them to advance and earn the highest rank of Eagle Scout,” the group said in a statement Wednesday.
The BSA expands programs to welcome girls from Cub Scouts to the highest rank of Eagle Scout https://t.co/WbFQxCXZBN — Boy Scouts – BSA (@boyscouts) October 11, 2017
“This decision is true to the BSA's mission and core values outlined in the Scout Oath and Law. The values of Scouting—trustworthy, loyal, helpful, kind, brave and reverent, for example—are important for both young men and women,” said Michael Surbaugh, the Boy Scouts of America's chief scout executive.
“We believe it is critical to evolve how our programs meet the needs of families interested in positive and lifelong experiences for their children. We strive to bring what our organization does best—developing character and leadership for young people—to as many families and youth as possible as we help shape the next generation of leaders,” they continued.
Starting in 2018, young girls will be able to join Cub Scout units. The historic decision reportedly comes after years of receiving requests from families and girls.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities for this original content, email [email protected].
Scientists move one step closer to producing blood-forming stem cells
September 27, 2013 at 10:00 am Canadian Biotechnologist
Stem cell scientists have moved one step closer to producing blood-forming stem cells in a Petri dish by identifying a key regulator controlling their formation in the early embryo, shows research published online today in Cell.
The work was reported by Dr. Gordon Keller, Director of the McEwen Centre for Regenerative Medicine, and Senior Scientist at Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, both at University Health Network. Dr. Keller is also Professor in the Department of Medical Biophysics at the University of Toronto and holds a Canada Research Chair in stem cell biology.
Using mouse models to study the process of blood cell development, Dr. Keller and their team demonstrated that the retinoic acid signalling pathway is required for formation of blood-forming stem cells. Retinoic acid is produced from vitamin A and is essential for many areas of human growth and development.
Read more…
Share this: Reddit
Print
Facebook
Twitter
More
Email
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Entry filed under: Biotechnology News and Info from Canadian Universities. Tags: stem cell research.
The majority of these players will join the Admirals for the start of their training camp at Ford Ice Center in Antioch, Tennessee, tomorrow at 1:30 p.m. They'll also skate Tuesday (11 a.m.) and conduct an off-ice workout on Wednesday before departing for Milwaukee.
Nashville's roster is now at 28 players – 17 forwards, nine defensemen and two goaltenders.
Forwards (17): Taylor Beck, Gabriel Bourque, Rich Clune, Matt Cullen (currently injured), Kevin Fiala, Mike Fisher (currently injured), Filip Forsberg, Paul Gaustad, Calle Jarnkrok, Olli Jokinen, James Neal, Eric Nystrom, Mike Ribeiro, Derek Roy, Craig Smith, Viktor Stalberg (currently injured) and Colin Wilson.
Defensemen (9): Johan Alm, Victor Bartley, Mattias Ekholm, Ryan Ellis, Seth Jones, Roman Josi, Joe Piskula, Anton Volchenkov and Shea Weber.
Goaltenders (2): Carter Hutton and Pekka Rinne.
The Nashville Predators finish out their preseason slate with two games against a former Central Division foe, the Columbus Blue Jackets. The Preds first see the Blue Jackets at home on Monday, Sept. 29 (7 p.m. CT) and then travel to Columbus on Saturday, Oct. 4 (6 p.m.).
The Preds begin the 2014-15 regular season on Bridgestone Arena ice for just the second time in the last seven seasons, hosting the Ottawa Senators on Thursday, Oct. 9 at 7 p.m. CT (FOX Sports Tennessee, 102.5 The Game). Season tickets are still available and start as low as $15 per game. Half season-ticket packages start at just $25 per game and 13 Game Flex Plans allow fans to customize their ticket packages while enjoying season-ticket holder benefits. For more information on purchasing season-ticket or flex packages, preseason or regular season tickets, visit nashvillepredators.com or call 615-770-7800.
Hamas is cracking down on jihadists--again.
The Islamist party, which rules the Gaza Strip, has reportedly locked up at least six Salafist-jihadists in recent days, according to security analyst Michael Horovitz.
Two suspected Salafist-jihadists were nabbed on Sunday and Monday by Hamas authorities, and another four were arrested on Tuesday, said Horowitz, who works for The Levantine Group, a United Kingdom-based research and risk consulting company.
A commander of the al-Quds Brigades, which is the military wing of Islamic Jihad, was also detained, Horovitz tweeted, although it appears they were arrested simply for "being the brother of one of suspects," Horovitz said.
Horovitz obtained their information from Arabic-language Salfist-jihadist accounts.
In the past days #Hamas arrested at least six suspected Salafi-jihadists, four yesterday night and two on May 15-16 — Michael Horowitz (@michaelh992) May 18, 2016
Earlier, 2 other suspected jihadists were arrested in central #Gaza, and the day after a commander in the al-Quds brigade was also detained — Michael Horowitz (@michaelh992) May 18, 2016
Salafism is a radical brand of Sunni Islam that emphasizes literal adherence to the Koran. It is the basis of the ideology of Daesh, the militant group that seized large swathes of territory in Iraq and Syria in 2014.
A source told the Agence France Presse news agency last week that Salafist forces in Gaza numbered about 3,000, although Hamas has shown little tolerance for them in the past, having been accused of imprisoning them without cause and even allegedly torturing some of them while they were detained.
--HS
Download Test Client
12/3 The next iteration of 9.13 Public test is now live!
It's time again for a new World of Tanks Public Test! We're gearing up for the next update by letting everyone sample what we've been working on just before it's wrapped up and ready to go. Not to mention you can help us gather data and feedback in the days leading up to the final update release!
All World of Tanks players are eligible to take part in this Public Test as long as they were registered within the past two weeks. You don't need to be an experienced tester to join in, you just need to be willing to try out as many of the new features as you can, and send us your feedback!
Any new or changed content for the Public Test should be considered not final and subject to change upon final update release.
Featured Changes
Brand-new Czech medium tank line
New Czech map: Pilson
Tank rebalancing
...And more! For the full list of changes, please see the Notes section below.
They just need to remember there are only 45 more days until a new commander-in-chief is sworn in.
President Obama received tepid applause from troops in Tampa, Florida during their last nation security speech as president.
Obama made the eyebrow-raising declaration that, “We should take great pride in the progress we've made over the last eight years. No foreign terrorist organization has successfully planned and executed an attack on our homeland.”
As mild applause broke out, the cameras cut to the audience.
Of the roughly 20 service members shown at MacDill Air Force Base, only three were clapping.
Most sat with their hands folded or motionless. One man rubbed their eyes.
Most didn't applaud likely because they remembered attacks being carried out in San Bernardino, California, and Orlando, Florida by jihadis vowing allegiance to ISIS.
And they likely remembered, too, ISIS claiming credit for the attack on Ohio State University by a Somali “refugee.”
Here is a full list of terrorist attacks in the world since Obama became president in 2009, courtesy of the Daily Wire.
Biden visits Ottawa to promote Canada-US alliance
By Roger Jordan and Keith Jones
10 December 2016
Outgoing US Vice President Joe Biden visited Ottawa Thursday evening and most yesterday. There they met with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and, in what is no doubt a first for a US VP, the heads of all thirteen of Canada's provincial and territorial governments.
Biden's hastily organized trip was aimed at promoting the longstanding economic and military-strategic partnership between the US and Canadian bourgeoisie, and, above all, at addressing concerns within Canada's political elite about the impact Donald Trump's impending presidency will have on that partnership.
The election victory of the billionaire demagogue and strident economic nationalist has rattled Canada's ruling elite This is especially true of Trudeau and their Liberals, who in the six months preceding the Nov. 8 US election did little to conceal their eager anticipation of working with a Hillary Clinton administration.
Publicly both Biden and Trudeau sought to portray the US vice-president's trip as nothing out of the ordinary. But when asked if Biden had visited Canada had Clinton, not Trump won the election, Wayne Easter, the Liberal chair of the parliamentary committee on Canada-US relations, conceded, “Quite honestly, I'd be very doubtful they would have.”
Canada's ruling elite is deeply troubled by Trump's threats to tear up NAFTA and their championing of America First protectionist policies. Although Mexico and China have been the principal targets of Trump's claims of “unfair” trade practices, Canadian big business fears it will be sideswiped if and when Trump begins to implement protectionist measures.
Three-quarters of all Canadian exports go to the US, making Canadian big business highly dependent on the privileged access to the US market that NAFTA provides.
The Canadian ruling elite is also apprehensive about Trump's suggestions they could back away from NATO and pursue rapprochement with Russia. The Canadian bourgeoisie is heavily invested in the NATO build-up against Russia, which it views as a competitor in the Arctic and world energy markets. And for decades it has viewed its military-security partnership with the US and participation in NATO and other US led alliances as critical for pursuing its own predatory interests on the world stage.
In remarks at a dinner Thursday evening, Biden stressed the importance of the US-Canada partnership, then urged Trudeau to promote the US-led alliances through which Washington has asserted its global predominance and suppressed challenges to the world capitalist order since World War II.
In making this plea, the U.S. Vice President warned that there are more threats to the “liberal international order” today than at any time since 1945 and that Europe is in disarray.
Expressing the concerns of sections of the US ruling elite that fear Trump's America First policies will trigger a trade war that will damage world capitalism as a whole and destabilize, if not destroy, the US-led alliances, Biden said that the world now looked to Trudeau and German Chancellor Angela Merkel to champion “a liberal economic order, liberal international order, where there are basic rules of the road.”
In fact, both Merkel and Trudeau are pursuing ever-more aggressive policies on behalf of their respective capitalist masters at home and abroad.
Not only has Merkel spearheaded the imposition of brutal austerity measures across the European Union, they have overseen a policy of rearmament and participation in foreign wars aimed at reviving Germany as a world power. This week, in a speech at their party's congress, they openly embraced reaction, calling for the banning of the burka and the mass deportation of refugees.
Trudeau similarly heads a government of austerity and war. While employing different rhetoric, the Liberals have taken up, in all essentials, where the Conservatives left off. This has included launching a vast infrastructure privatization program, pressing forward with environmentally and socially destructive pipeline projects, and expanding Canada's participation in Washington's major military-strategic offensives—in the Middle East and against Russia and China.
Biden made mention of the last point in their remarks. They lauded Canada's contribution to the war in Syria and Iraq, where the Trudeau government tripled the number of Special Forces soldiers earlier this year. The US VP also cited Canada's role in NATO's military mobilization on Russia's borders, making specific mention of Canada's newly-accepted commitment to lead and maintain a NATO “advanced force” in Latvia.
Trudeau and Biden studiously avoided mentioning Trump directly in their public remarks.
But since the very day of Trump's election, the Liberal government has made clear that it is ready and willing to work with what will be the most right-wing US administration in history.
Indeed, under conditions where Trump has signaled that they intend to pursue confrontation not just with states like Russia and China that the US has long identified as adversaries, but even ostensible allies, Trudeau is seeking to position Canada as the billionaire president's most faithful friend. In so doing, the Liberals will implicate Canada still more deeply in ruinous economic and geopolitical conflicts, militarism and war.
The only note of caution during Biden's visit was sounded by Conservative MP and former Trade Minister Ed Fast, who expressed concern that the meetings with the outgoing Vice President might jeopardize future relations with the Trump administration. “The only thing I would be worried about,” Fast told the Globe and Mail, “is that no steps are taken to somehow sabotage the Canada-U.S. relationship.”
Large sections of Canada's ruling establishment are seeking to use Trump's victory to press the big business Liberal government to move even further to the right. Commenting on Trump's proposal to massively cut corporate taxes, former Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge urged the Liberal government to follow suit so as to ensure Canada remains “competitive.” “It's an enormous problem when you get effective tax rates which are wildly out of line,” claimed Dodge, even though Canada's corporate tax rates are at historic lows. “And that's what's going to happen to a much greater extent in the spring if Mr. Trump and the Republican Congress proposals … go forward.”
In the wake of Trump's victory, the corporate media has also stepped its long-running campaign for Canada to double its military spending from the current level of 1 percent of GDP to NATO's 2 percent target, or more than $40 billion per year.
Former Progressive Conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney commented this week that Trump's presidency offers Ottawa an opportunity to strengthen its relationship with Washington so as to better pursue Canada's—that is Canadian imperialism's—interests. Mulroney fully embraced Trump and their ultra-right-wing campaign, describing the know-nothing, who repeatedly made racist appeals, as a “gentleman.” Arguing that Trump's attacks on NAFTA and pledge to build a “wall” had all been directed at Mexico, they continued, “I don't think Mr. Trump or the administration views Canada with any hostility at all. On the contrary. My impression is that they view Canada with favour.”
The idea of renegotiating NAFTA is also finding growing support. Colin Robertson, an analyst at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, wrote in the Globe and Mail that with the abandonment by Trump of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), reopening NAFTA “makes sense.” Saying that Canada should aim for more freedom of movement for people and services throughout North America, Robertson went on, “Let's be bold. Let's put our costly dairy supply-management, a perennial U.S. target, on the table in return for better procurement access, including shipbuilding.”
The reference to procurement reflects hopes in ruling circles that Canadian big business can profit from Trump's proposed $1 trillion infrastructure investment program, which will in reality be nothing more than a corporate boondoggle. Such hopes could be dashed, however. Only after strenuous lobbying did the Obama administration amend the rules of its post-2008 stimulus package to allow Canadian companies to bid on some contracts. Speaking at a rally Thursday Trump declared, “My administration will follow two simple rules — buy American and hire American.”
The Canadian bourgeoisie intends to accommodate itself to this reactionary nationalist agenda by, as the Globe and Mail put it last month, making sure that Canada gets inside Trump's “walls.” This amounts to an appeal for a fortress North American—an economic bloc and military-strategic alliance led by a Trump administration, which would strive to advance US and Canadian imperialist interests at the expense of their rivals. Robertson referred to this in their piece as the “North American advantage.” A second Globe comment, this one co-authored by Derek Burney, a top Mulroney aide when they were prime minister, urged Trump to support a “stronger, more deeply integrated North America to serve as a bulwark against China.”
This author also recommends:
Canada must be inside Trump's “walls,” declares voice of financial elite
[25 November 2016]
Rattled by Trump victory, Canada offers to renegotiate NAFTA
[11 November 2016]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Josh Richardson #0 of the Miami Heat handles the ball against the Cleveland Cavaliers on March 19, 2016 at AmericanAirlines Arena in Miami, Florida. (Source: Issac Baldizon/NBAE via Getty Images)
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – The Miami Heat have gotten excellent play from the team's two rookies this season, and one of them is getting some recognition for an excellent March.
Guard Josh Richardson has been named the NBA's Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month for games played in March, the league announced on Tuesday.
Richardson averaged 12.0 points, 2.7 rebounds and 2.1 assists while making over half of their three-point attempts.
They led all NBA rookies in plus-minus (+66), three-point field goals made (33), three-point field goal percentage (.589), field goal percentage (.532) and steals per game (1.13).
Their impressive three-point percentage was the second-highest for a single month in NBA history with at least 50 attempts.
The Heat went 10-5 during March, the team's most victories in a single month since winning 10 games in March of 2014.
I don't believe there is anything that can't be improved by adding a laser to it. And now a group of intrepid engineers has proven me right by making an oscilloscope. An oscilloscope with lasers.
Of course, not everyone shares my obsession with lasers—such people are strange and have sad little lives, but we forgive them. But it's a fair question to ask why we should bother adding lasers to oscilloscopes given that they are pretty well-established tech. The answer is speed. An oscilloscope is designed to display changes in voltage or current with respect to time. To do this, the oscilloscope needs to sample the voltage faster than it changes, which is problematic for today's modern, high-frequency electronics, where it's often easier to generate fast changes than it is to measure them.
This is where a laser may have some benefit. In principle, a light field can be modulated at a rate that is a large fraction of its base frequency (~600THz). Provided we can measure that modulation, we can measure time-varying voltages much faster than we could using any electronic method. But therein lies a conundrum: how do we measure the modulation of a light field? Using electrons. And what is the problem with electrons? They are too damn slow.
To overcome this problem, the researchers used a very clever trick. First, the voltage is sampled using a probe that connects to a very sharp tip in a vacuum. When a laser pulse hits the tip, it pops some electrons from the tip into the vacuum. The energy of the electrons depends on the voltage applied to the tip at the time of the laser pulse. The electron energy is then measured and used to calculate the voltage at the tip.
To be able to sample the voltage at very short intervals, the researchers used a laser that emits light pulses that are less than 10 femtoseconds (a femtosecond is 10-15 seconds) long, and are spaced by about 7 nanoseconds. By scanning this laser across a mirror, the light pulses are shifted slightly so that they arrive earlier or later. This samples the voltage at slightly different relative times. Given sufficient samples, a complete picture of the time-varying voltage is assembled—provided, of course, that the voltage variations repeat regularly.
To demonstrate that this process actually works, the researchers tested a 9GHz voltage signal with their oscilloscope. They showed that they could sample at intervals of about 20 femtoseconds, which means that they can accurately measure waveforms that have frequency components up to 125THz. To put this in perspective, the fastest commercial oscilloscopes can manage up to about 80GHz (1,500 times slower).
There is, of course, a downside to all of this. It takes about 200 seconds to measure a single point. One of the graphs in the researchers' paper took about four hours to obtain. That's probably too slow for the average soldering iron driver, but it's not too difficult to imagine it being very useful in extremely high-end applications. It does, however, have another consequence: the signal that you are trying to measure must be steady for many hours. Any transient behavior will be missed completely.
Don't take the 200 second number too seriously, though. This is the sort of number that is never going to get worse, only better. My bet is that within a year, it will be down to 1 second per sample.
You might also be thinking that such an oscilloscope will never get out of the lab because it's just too expensive and complicated. But high-end oscilloscopes are quite expensive already, and the sort of laser used here is about the same price. One alternative laser source, which is already commercially available, is about a factor of ten cheaper—though you might only get 10THz of bandwidth. The probes, which involve vacuum tubes, will be expensive and hard to manufacture with the right properties for sampling super-fast electronics. Still, I think it's all doable.
We can bet on which commercial oscilloscope supplier will pick up the technology first in the comments.
Optics Letters, 2015, DOI: 10.1364/OL.40.000260
A CBC Marketplace investigation has found that some alternative health practitioners are offering unproven vaccine "alternatives" to parents, which is adding to many parents' confusion about vaccines. These treatments are not approved by Health Canada as alternatives to immunization.
Marketplace visited homeopathic practitioners in Toronto and Vancouver to investigate what advice and other options parents were being given about vaccines.
Watch the complete Marketplace investigation, Shot of Confusion, Friday Nov. 28 at 8 p.m. (8:30 p.m. NT) on CBC Television.
Many myths about vaccines are perpetuated by celebrities and websites that continue to promote discredited and inaccurate research.
Some of the homeopathic practitioners that Marketplace visited offered treatments, called "nosodes," as vaccine alternatives, telling parents that the treatment is as effective as vaccines against diseases such as measles, polio and pertussis (whooping cough), which is highly contagious and can be fatal for infants.
Nosodes are made when diseased tissue or excretions are diluted to the point where any trace of the original substance may not be present. Homeopathic practitioners argue that the memory of the original substance is enough to create immunity. Public health groups have been critical of this approach.
Some homeopathic practitioners also downplayed the severity of communicable diseases like measles, which are preventable by vaccination. Measles can result, in severe cases, in brain damage and death, and kill approximately one in 1,000 children worldwide who contract the disease.
Several said the likelihood of contracting these diseases was slim.
But while vaccine-preventable diseases like measles remain uncommon in Canada, a warning by the Public Health Agency of Canada from earlier this year warned of an unusually high number of cases, with outbreaks reported in five provinces.
"I think it's frightening," Shannon MacDonald, a registered nurse and adjunct assistant professor at the University of Alberta who researches vaccine trends, told Marketplace co-host Erica Johnson.
"If the herd immunity level drops and these diseases are introduced into the community, those children are not protected," MacDonald says. "You have well-meaning parents who've been provided an option, which they've been told that it's going to protect their children. And it's a lie."
Vaccine alternatives unproven
The homeopathic practitioners in the Marketplace investigation were selling alternative vaccine treatments for between $16 for a single bottle and $200 for a complete course of treatment covering multiple diseases.
In consultations documented on hidden camera, some said the efficacy of nosodes was equivalent to vaccines, with several telling parents that the treatments were more than 90 per cent effective.
None of the homeopathic practitioners in the Marketplace investigation agreed to be interviewed for the story. Some said they are simply providing information, and it is up to parents to decide whether or not to vaccinate their children.
While no regulations prohibit homeopathic practitioners from offering health advice or alternative remedies, nosodes are not approved by Health Canada as vaccine alternatives, and medical experts say that there is no scientific proof that they are effective.
In a letter to the Toronto Star from 2013, Adam Gibson, Director General of Health Canada's Natural Health Products Directorate, wrote that nosodes are not authorized replacements for vaccines. "Both Health Canada and the Public Health Agency of Canada continue to promote and actively support vaccination of Canadians to protect them from vaccine-preventable illness."
Health Canada now requires that manufactured homeopathic products contain a warning label that makes it clear that nosodes are not considered alternatives to vaccination.
But Marketplace discovered that Health Canada doesn't require homeopaths to make a similar disclosure when the product is prepared specifically for a patient.
‘Terribly irresponsible'
While Canada does not have a tracking system that gives an accurate picture of vaccination rates across the country, local and provincial statistics suggest that in some parts of Canada the number of children who are not up to date on their shots is rising.
In some communities, more than 40 per cent of seven-year-old children do not have all their shots.
Part of the reason seems to be that common myths about vaccine safety persist, and many parents remain fearful.
"It's very concerning. People are turning to these alternative health-care practitioners for advice, and if the practitioners are not actually trained to know the science behind vaccines, they shouldn't be providing any advice to parents on it. It's not their area of specialty," says MacDonald.
"It's terribly irresponsible."
Part of the issue, they say, is that vaccines have been effective at preventing serious diseases such as polio, and many Canadians don't have firsthand knowledge of the dangers the diseases pose.
"I have worked overseas and in intensive care with children so I have a very real image of what the outcomes of these diseases can be," says MacDonald.
"These diseases are the thing to be afraid of, and the vaccines are just by and far the safest option."
UPDATE: Activision's Deadpool game launches on 28th June in the UK, Activision has announced.
That's for PC, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
As you'd expect, there are pre-order incentives. Promise to buy from GAME or, in Ireland, Gamestop, and you'll get the Merc with a Map Pack, which contains two new maps for use in Deadpool's Challenge mode and the D-Pooly and Uncanny X-Force bonus costumes for use in the unlockable Infinite mode.
ORIGINAL STORY: High Moon Studios' upcoming Deadpool game has been dated for 25th June on Xbox 360, PS3 and PC, publisher Activision has announced.
That's a Tuesday, so it must be referring to the North American release date. Ostensibly it will come out the following Friday, 28th June here, but this has yet to be confirmed. Rest assured, we're looking into it.
Curiously, Deadpool will retail at a reduced price of $49.99 (about £33) on consoles and $39.99 (about £26) on PC, suggesting that it will launch cheaper in Europe as well.
North Americans can pre-order Deadpool at GameStop to receive two bonus Challenge Mode stages - GRT Plaza and Inside the Tower - and Amazon pre-orders come with a $5 gift voucher to be used on select comics.
In our next interview before DreamHack Masters Malmö, we sit down with Vincent "Happy" Schopenhauer to discuss EnVyUs' recent run of outstanding form and their preparation for the Swedish event.
Envy travel to Malmö boosted by their recent online results, having qualified for ESG Mykonos, ESL One New York and ELEAGUE Premier in the space of just 10 days.
Prior to the Summer break, the French team also had a successful outing, winning DreamHack Atlanta to claim their first title since revamping their lineup, in February. That success gave the French team some breathing room after they had missed out on a spot at the PGL Major Krakow Main Qualifier.
EnVyUs have put in a lot of work recently, says Happy
In this interview, Vincent "Happy" Schopenhauer discusses Envy' current run of form, the improvements they have made since the European Minor, DreamHack's recent coaching changes, and more.
Your team has recently qualified for ESG Mykonos, ESL One New York and ELEAGUE Premier. Do you think this is a turning moment for your team and that things will start to improve? I am a cautious guy, so I will just say that we reached a peak in our level of play during this week. We played as a team and everyone was understanding exactly, at any point during the matches, what we had to do to win. It is good to see that because it gives you a taste of what you can do further down the road if you keep working. But as we have seen recently, we can still be very shaky and not deliver. At least we will get a lot of chances to prove our worth in the next weeks. What is the recipe for this recent success? Are you taking a new approach or have you put in more work in the post-break than the other teams? We have actually been playing a lot, doing what we can call an online bootcamp, in which we play for at least 8 to 10 hours a day, doing a lot of strategies and tactics, talking about the game and the sort of edge we can get. It was much needed because we had just gone back from vacation and we needed an update on our playbook and on how to play the game. Your first match in Malmö will be against G2, a team you have faced many times in recent months. Having beaten them in the ESL One NY qualifier, are you confident heading into the match? When we played them, I knew we were not facing the best G2 team. I think both teams made a lot of mistakes and that we were just better at capitalizing on that. It was a really important win, they had been beating us for a long time, and it is good to finally take your revenge on your nemesis, especially with so much at stake. It gives you that little mental edge that allows players to say, "OK, we have done this before."
What do you think about DreamHack's decision to give coaches the ability to speak to players during freeze time? Will this have an impact on your game plan? It will definitely help us when done properly. There is a really good synergy between the coach and me, and the team can feel it. So I can only salute that decision from DreamHack. This seems to be the fairest option between having a totally useless coach and having one that gives certain teams too big of an advantage. At the most recent Minor, your team finished just outside of the Major qualifier spots. How did the team react to that? Were you surprised with the results? It was a shock, I think, for certain players, but, in the end, it did us more good than harm. We have switched a lot of things, we have upped our standard of play and improved what we can ask of players and everyone else in the team. It is a shame that we had to lose a Major qualifier spot for it, but you can never go back in time, you can only improve and cut out mistakes one by one until you manage to find consistency and success.
Happy says they have a great synergy with coach maLeK
LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - The Dutch government on Monday asked the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea to order Russia to release 30 people detained last month during an environmental protest in the Arctic Sea.
The Netherlands hopes for a ruling within a month from the Hamburg-based tribunal that will secure the provisional release of the 28 activists and two freelance journalists who were aboard the Arctic Sunrise when it was detained.
The passengers and crew of the Dutch-registered ship face piracy charges and jail terms of up to 15 years for their protest near a Gazprom oil platform against oil drilling in Arctic waters.
Provisional release would mean the activists could be let out of jail while they await their day in court on the piracy charges. Judges in the far northern port city of Murmansk have so far denied bail to all of them.
The Dutch government, which first asked for arbitration in the case two weeks ago, said it had already nominated its chosen arbiter in the case. It said Russia had until November 3 to choose its arbiter. If Russia had not done so by then, the tribunal's president could choose one instead.
Dutch Foreign Minister Frans Timmermans said there was no question of an escalation of the dispute between the Netherlands and Russia.
“It (the case) will come as no surprise to the Russian Federation,” they said at an EU foreign ministers' meeting in Luxembourg.
The Hamburg-based International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea was set up to adjudicate maritime disputes under the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which both countries have signed up to. The body has heard 21 cases since its first in 1997.
You know...I've never done this trail, for some reason I've just never bothered but now I kinda need to do it to see what kind of challenge it really is. I realize that, like all slickrock trails, there are many ways to do it and some will be much harder than others, I also realize that traction is 100% not a problem on “slickrock” (unless it's wet or muddy) but even still I know it's not a pushover trail.
It rates a 6 on the cruise Moab scale, which is a fairly accurate scale in my experience. What's a 6 mean?
“Roads are difficult with considerable erosion damage repaired just enough to be passable. Water in excess of 12" is possible with mud conditions. Steps not exceeding 24". Tall tires (33" plus) and traction aid devices (lockers, limited slips, A-TRAC) are recommended. A winch would be a plus. Enhanced suspension travel and ground clearance are helpful. Excellent driving skills are recommended.”
*Warning* the music starts out kinda bad and moves into horid about halfway in.
The Oculus Rift is going to come with its own Apple-like app store—with its own Apple-like restrictions limiting what can be on there. Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe revealed to TechCrunch that software will need to be reviewed and pre-approved before it's allowed on their store, and that approved titles will then be rated for 'comfort'. (Note that you will be able to release games/software outside of the Oculus Store, without suffering any of these restrictions.)
In Iribe's words:
“We are going to monitor the content and make sure that it fits the policy we put up which is this safe and clean environment that everyone can know, and love, and trust just like other popular app stores…You're going to need to be approved first.”
'Comfort' is obviously a bit of an open term, but it appears that games that will make you feel dizzy, scared or otherwise stressed will receive low comfort ratings. Here's a seemingly mocked-up image of how that will look:
“Something can be comfortable from a disorientation standpoint," Iribe explains, "where it doesn't make me feel bad…it doesn't have crazy locomotion like a roller coaster. But if it is really, really super intense, we do want to give people warnings about that.”
“Having bullets fly at you in VR is actually really, really intense and the more real it gets, the more it's going to feel like real life, and you don't really want to be shot at in real life.”
“We've gotten really used to it on the 2D monitor because our brain is saying ‘don't worry, don't worry, it's safe.' As soon as you put on VR and your brain's not saying that anymore, it's not necessarily the comfortable experience that it is on a monitor, and we'll have warnings around that.”
Ta, VG247.
VOL. 132 | NO. 224 | Friday, November 10, 2017
Peroxychem LLC, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania manufacturer of hydrogen peroxide, peracetic acid and persulfates, is looking to expand into the Memphis market.
The chemical manufacturer is seeking a seven-year Jobs PILOT that would enable it to construct a 108,000-square-foot facility at 335 Stiles Drive.
According to the company's application with the Economic Development Growth Engine for Memphis and Shelby County, Peroxychem will invest a total of $9.6 million into the Memphis facility that includes $2.7 million in construction costs and $4.3 million to purchase manufacturing equipment and other personal property. The remaining $2.4 million in soft costs are not eligible for the tax abatement.
As a result of the new facility, Peroxychem will create 15 net new jobs with an average annual salary of $56,667 excluding benefits.
If approved, the Memphis facility would produce peracetic acid, a disinfectant used in many bacterial control applications from food and beverage to wastewater treatment.
EDGE staff estimates the project will generate $788,868 in local tax revenues the city and county currently do not get during the term of the PILOT, while saving the applicant $692,253 for a 1.14 cost-to-benefit ratio.
Currently, Peroxychem employs more than 500 people worldwide and has facilities in North America, Europe and Asia that produce chemical solutions used on energy, environmental, food safety, paper and polymer products.
The EDGE board will review Peroxychem's application during its Wednesday, Nov. 15, meeting.
Richard Dawkins – author of The God Delusion and theorist of the selfish gene – could claim to be the most famous scientist in Briton. Lord Martin Rees – astronomer royal, former president of the Royal Society, master of Trinity College, Cambridge – is arguably the most distinguished.
Last year, Dawkins published an ugly outburst against the softly spoken astronomer, calling them a "compliant Quisling" because of their views on religion. And now, Rees has seemingly hit back. They have accepted the 2011 Templeton prize, awarded for making an exceptional contribution to investigating life's spiritual dimension. It is worth an incongruous $1m.
Dawkins is no stranger to pungent rhetoric when it comes to religion. But "Quisling" is strong even by their standards. It was originally hurled against fascist collaborators during the second world war. Rees, a collaborator? What was the crime that warranted such approbation? The Royal Society lent its prestige to the Templeton Foundation by hosting events sponsored by the fund, which supports a variety of projects investigating the science of wellbeing and faith.
Dawkins and Rees differ markedly on the tone with which the debate between science and religion should be conducted. Dawkins devotes their talents and resources to challenging, questioning and mocking faith. Rees, on the other hand, though an atheist, values the legacy sustained by the church and other faith traditions. They confess a liking for choral evensong in the chapel of Trinity College. It seems a modest indulgence. The ethereal voices of rehearsing choristers can literally be heard from their front door. But for Dawkins this makes the man a "fervent believer in belief". And that is a foul betrayal of science.
I should declare an interest here, as I too would be what Dawkins calls an "accommodationist", (when they are being polite). I often write about the relationship between science and religion, and have been a Templeton-Cambridge Journalism Fellow, the beneficiary of a first-rate seminar programme organised by Cambridge academics, funded by the Templeton Foundation. But then I love the big questions.
Rees pursues them, too, through cosmology, a subject that clearly fascinates many for similar reasons. Is there life like ours on other planets? What is the nature of our connectedness with the stars? It is partly for their insights on such matters that they have won the prize. But if they are modest about what can be achieved for religious belief by science, they insist that scientists should not stray into theological territory that they don't understand.
Last year, when their fellow cosmologist, Stephen Hawking, declared in a new book that philosophy is dead, because physics is triumphant, Rees advised readers not to take too much notice. "I know Stephen Hawking well enough to know that they have read very little philosophy and even less theology," they said.
Other winners of the prize express similar intellectual caution, individuals including Paul Davies, John Barrow and John Polkinghorne. Interestingly, past winners display very different attitudes towards faith, too. If Rees is an atheist, Polkinghorne is a Christian and an Anglican priest. Davies is not, though they believe it is perfectly valid to pursue questions of meaning in the context of what is being discovered about the cosmos. After all, is it not remarkable that our universe has produced entities within it that ask such questions – namely ourselves?
But with Rees's acceptance, the substantial resources of the Templeton Foundation have, in effect, been welcomed at the heart of the British scientific establishment. That such a highly regarded figure has received its premier prize will make it that little bit harder for Dawkins to sustain respect amongst their peers for their crusade against religion.
When the cultural history of our times comes to be written, Templeton 2011 could be mentioned, at least in a footnote, as marking a turning point in the "God wars". The power of voices like that of Dawkins and Sam Harris – who will be on the British stage next week – may actually have peaked, and now be on the wane. Science could be said, in effect, to have rejected their advocacy. Rees brings a preferable attitude to the debate.
TORONTO — It was vintage Ricky Ray.
After struggling for three-plus quarters, Ray rallied Toronto to a wild 25-21 East Division victory over Saskatchewan on Sunday afternoon. With the Argonauts trailing 21-18 and going against a stiff 54 kilometre-an-hour wind, Ray marched their offence 67 yards to the Roughriders' one-yard line, setting up Cody Fajardo's winning one-yard TD run with 23 seconds left.
"To be put in that situation and see the guys go out and execute really well . . . and go down and score, it feels awesome right now," Ray said. "It feels really awesome.
"They (game-winning drives) are all special but just being in this moment right now, man, with everything that was on the line, this one feels pretty good."
Ray kept the drive alive with a clutch 22-yard completion to running back James Wilder Jr. on a third-and-five gamble. That put Toronto at the Saskatchewan 18 with 1:08 remaining.
"We got great coverage, they ran a great route and made a big catch to keep that drive going," Ray said.
Saskatchewan's defence had done well to that point containing Ray, who finished 28-of-39 passing for 266 yards with a TD and interception. Christion Jones put the Riders ahead 19-18 with 2:45 remaining with a 79-yard punt return touchdown before Canadian Brandon Bridge hit Duron Carter on the two-point convert.
"It's tough when you lose a ballgame of this magnitude but on top of that when you play good defence all day and it's right there when you need it and you just can't get a stop," Saskatchewan head coach/GM Chris Jones said. "We got some shots on (Ray) but he's a tough guy, they got right back up and made the play when they needed to.
"Yeah, they made a perfect throw there to Wilder when they had to have it. That's vintage Ricky Ray."
Christion Jones, despite registering the game's biggest play to that point, admitted they didn't feel comfortable when Toronto took possession.
"You get a guy like Ricky Ray and those great receivers and that great running back (Wilder) and they'll make you sweat," they said. "They executed and did what they needed to do.
"We didn't."
Toronto cemented the win when Akwasi Owusu-Ansah recovered Carter's attempted lateral. The Argos return to the Grey Cup for the first time since winning in 2012 and will face the Calgary Stampeders on Sunday at Ottawa's TD Place.
Both offences struggled, committing a combined seven turnovers (four interceptions, two fumbles, once on downs). But Toronto was opportunistic, scoring 17 points off the Riders' miscues, delighting the enthusiastic gathering of 24,929, the Argos' largest crowd ever at BMO Field.
Among those attending were Toronto Maple Leafs forwards Auston Matthews and Mitch Marner and head coach Mike Babcock, who donned their Riders' apparel sitting next to Argos owner Larry Tanenbaum, who's also the chairperson of Maple Leafs Sports & Entertainment, which owns the Leafs.
"We didn't do much offensively until the last drive of the game," Toronto head coach Marc Trestman said. "We did enough to win.
"We've had a number of end-the-game drives whether we've won or lost. Vintage Ricky Ray. You can put quotes around anything you want. He's the guy who's driven this whole thing through the whole year."
It's certainly been a turnaround year for Toronto after missing the playoffs in 2016 with a 5-13 mark. GM Jim Barker was fired before head coach Scott Milanovich resigned to join the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars.
On Feb. 28, Toronto hired Jim Popp as GM and Trestman as head coach. The two had worked together in Montreal, leading the Alouettes to three Grey Cup appearances (two wins) from 2007-12 before Trestman left to became head coach of the NFL's Chicago Bears.
Ray's future in Toronto was also in question after injuries had limited them to 12 regular-season appearances over the previous two years. When Trestman was hired, they boldly named Ray theirs starter.
Ray certainly fulfilled that confidence. They started 17 regular-season games and surpassed the 5,000-yard passing mark for the first time since '08 and fourth time overall, joining Hall of Famers Anthony Calvillo and Doug Flutie as the only players to do so.
That earned Ray their third nomination as a finalist for the CFL's outstanding player award against Edmonton's Mike Reilly. It's one of the few awards Ray, a three-time Grey Cup champion, hasn't won over their illustrious 15-year career in Canada.
Saskatchewan was attempting to become the first crossover team to reach the Grey Cup since the rule was adopted in 1996. The Riders were 2-0 versus Toronto this year and defeated the defending-champion Ottawa Redblacks 31-20 in last weekend's East Division semifinal.
Saskatchewan won the toss and deferred, opting to have the wind in the fourth. And it almost paid off as when the Riders got the ball with 12 minutes left at their 17-yard line, they trailed 18-3.
Bridge of Mississauga, Ont., cut the deficit to 18-10, finding Carter on an 11-yard TD pass at 5:57, the first playoff touchdown pass by a Canadian since Ottawa's Russ Jackson did so in the '69 Grey Cup game. Saskatchewan pulled to within 18-13 on Tyler Crapigna's 28-yard field goal with 4:44 remaining before going ahead on Jones' TD. Bridge then hit Naaman Roosevelt for the two-point convert and three-point lead.
It was a disappointing end to the season for Saskatchewan starter Kevin Glenn, a 17-year veteran still in search of their first Grey Cup victory. Glenn threw three first-half interceptions — one that was returned for a TD — before being replaced for good to start the second half by Bridge.
Terrance Plummer, on a 39-yard interception return, and DeVier Posey had Toronto's other touchdowns. Lirim Hajrullahu added the converts and two field goals.
Crapigna booted two field goals and a convert.
In an interview with MSNBC's Morning Joe, billionaire Charles Koch went after Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid for their nonstop and occasionally personal attacks on them and their brother.
“I want to ask you something personal… about how surprised you seemed a few years back at the level of vitriol leveled against you [and] your family,” host Joe Scarborough began.
“Even Harry Reid called you un-American, something that we talked about on our showtime and time again,” they continued, before playing the soundbite of Reid's comments. “What kind of personal impact did that have on you and your families, and were you shocked by the level of vitriol?”
“If you get in this business, you've got to realize that Harry Truman was right; if you can't stand the heat, don't go in the kitchen,” Koch said.
“But it's frightening for the future of this country to have these public officials try to hurt and destroy private citizens who oppose what they're doing, rather than have a conversation and maybe find, as we've done with the White House, find areas we can work together on, things we agree to make the country better,” they said. “Instead of this vitriol and these dishonest attacks.”
“How did you feel the night of the election results came in after Harry Reid, the Democrat that was running against you and your brother all year ends up. You guys won most of the races that you got involved in,” Scarborough pointed out.
Koch said that the candidates they backed actually didn't do as well as it may seem, but did say, “anytime ad hominem attacks and lack of civility, lack of tolerance, is shown to not work, to be anathema to the American people, that's a step forward for a free and progressive society.”
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[Image via screengrab]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Toshiba Corp. unveiled on Thursday a submersible robot to take live video of reactor 3 at the Fukushima No. 1 power plant to confirm whether fuel debris is sitting at the bottom of a pool of radioactive water inside.
The location and condition of the fuel in the three reactors hit by core meltdowns is critical information for Tokyo Electric Power Company Holdings Inc., which runs the plant. Removing the fuel debris is considered the most difficult part of decommissioning the complex.
Unit 3 has the highest level of water inside at 6 meters. The fuel debris inside is presumed to have melted through its pressure vessel and settled at the bottom of its primary containment vessel.
“Until today, no one has seen the situation inside reactor 3,” said Tsutomu Takeuchi, senior manager at Toshiba's Fukushima Restoration and Fuel Cycle Project Engineering Department.
“If we can observe the situation inside the reactor, that would be a huge leap in our ongoing effort to extract the debris” and eventually shut down the wrecked plant, they said during a demonstration of the robot at the Port and Airport Research Institute in Yokosuka, Kanagawa Prefecture.
Co-developed with the International Research Institute for Nuclear Decommissioning, the cylindrical 30-cm robot, dubbed the “mini manbo” (miniature sunfish), has a camera that can move 180 degrees vertically on its front and a fixed camera on its rear, allowing it to crawl through the water while capturing images.
Tepco plans to send the remotely controlled robot into the reactor as early as mid-July. A camera inserted into the reactor in October 2015 was unable to reach the bottom of the containment vessel.
No probe has been able to confirm the location or condition of the nuclear debris in any of the three crippled reactors.
Tepco sent a scorpion-shaped robot developed by Toshiba and the institute into reactor 2 in February, but it broke down before reaching its target under the pressure vessel after a tire got stuck.
In March, Tepco's five-day robot-based investigation failed to capture an image of what was thought to be fuel debris in reactor 1.
A separate Tepco probe in January found black lumps in reactor 2's pressure vessel but couldn't immediately confirm they were fuel.
In December, the government estimated that the total cost of the Fukushima disaster would reach ¥21.5 trillion, including ¥8 trillion for decommissioning. That was almost doubled the initial estimate of ¥11 trillion.
Takeuchi of Toshiba did not reveal how much it cost to develop mini manbo.
Matt Mawson/Getty
SHIPS spewing soot into the pristine ocean air are causing extra lightning strikes along busy maritime routes. It is a bizarre example of how human activities can change the weather.
When Joel Thornton at the University of Washington in Seattle and their colleagues looked at records of lightning strikes between 2005 and 2016 from the World Wide Lightning Location Network, they noticed there were significantly more strikes in certain regions of the east Indian Ocean and the South China Sea, compared with the surrounding areas. Unusually, they occurred along two straight lines in the open ocean, which coincided with two of the busiest shipping lanes in the world. Along these paths there were twice as many lightning strikes as in nearby areas.
“We were quite sure the ships had to be involved,” says Thornton. But they still had to eliminate other factors that influence storm intensity, such as wind speeds and temperatures.
Advertisement
Once these had been ruled out, the team concluded that aerosols from the ships' engine exhausts were the culprit. Aerosol particles act as seeds, around which water vapour condenses into cloud droplets. In clean air there aren't many seeds, so the cloud drops quickly grow and fall as rain.
But when there are a lot of seeds, like over busy shipping routes, a greater number of small cloud drops form. Since these are light, they rise up high into the atmosphere and freeze, creating clouds rich in ice.
It is this that leads to more intense thunderstorms: lightning only occurs if clouds are electrically charged, and this only happens if there are lots of ice crystals.
A key giveaway that aerosols were behind the effect was that the lightning was most pronounced at times of the year when powerful atmospheric convection currents form that can carry the aerosol particles high into the sky (Geophysical Research Letters, doi.org/cc7b).
Although lightning activity is higher over the shipping lanes, the amount of rainfall is no different to nearby regions.
While the study provides clear evidence that aerosol particles affect the development and intensity of storms, Thornton says it cannot be directly generalised to the air above land because there are other factors that need to be taken into account.
“Understanding this anthropogenic effect can help us predict future climate,” says Orit Altaratz Stollar of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel.
The study shows how the changes we make to the atmosphere affect clouds and even the development of stormy weather. Thornton also suggests that the pollution we have released over the last few hundred years may have affected storms and lightning in many places, creating lightning where there was none.
This article appeared in print under the headline “Cargo ships trigger lightning storms”
The Canadian military is closing the book on the investigation into a training accident that came close to leaving a former army combat medic paralyzed and ended their military career.
Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Jonathan Vance has elected not to conduct a follow-up inquiry into the case of retired master corporal Denise Hepburn, who fractured vertebrae in their neck while jumping from a helicopter into Lake Ontario, near Canadian Forces Base Trenton, during a multinational exercise.
Hepburn filed an internal grievance over the July 21, 2010, accident.
Vance's decision comes despite an acknowledgment that the accident was "preventable" and that the military's investigation into the mishap had "a reasonable apprehension of bias."
Hepburn was informed of Vance's decision just before Christmas in a letter from the chief of defence staff, which has been obtained by CBC News.
It is disheartening. I lost my career because of this. - Denise Hepburn , retired master corporal, Canadian Armed Forces
"I cannot articulate how dumbfounded I am," said the 13-year veteran of the army, who did a tour in Afghanistan. "It is disheartening. I lost my career because of this."
Fractured vertebrae, head injury
Hepburn, who was recently married and went by the last name Gallagher at the time of the accident, was assigned to the exercise as a medic to treat other soldiers should they be injured. They had not been given any specific training for the risky jump.
"It was an opportunity for everyone to just get wet because it was a really hot day, " they said. "It was a morale-booster, and they wanted to include everyone in this manoeuvre. Originally, I declined."
Everyone else took part, and when it came to their turn, Hepburn said, they "received a lot of razzing" and decided it would be fine to jump because they had been a competitive diver years before.
The jump was supposed to take place when the helicopter was 3.5 metres above the surface of the water in light winds.
It didn't turn out that way.
The investigation into the accident estimated the helicopter was flying at more than 12 metres. The wind, which the investigation report said was stronger than anticipated, caused Hepburn to drift sideways before hitting the water.
"I just remember being in the water, opening my eyes and seeing stars," said Hepburn.
They said they were hauled from the lake by the loop of their life vest and initially couldn't speak. In addition to the fractured vertebrae, they suffered a traumatic brain injury.
'It was a specialized manoeuvre for special ops'
After weeks of hospitalization and months of recovery, they were released from the military on medical grounds in November 2014.
An investigation was ordered into the decisions that led to their participation in the exercise and, ultimately, to their injuries, but it was conducted by a subordinate of the officer in charge of the exercise — contrary to military conflict of interest regulations.
When it was completed, the army refused to share the findings with Hepburn, and they ended up filling access to information request to get a copy of the investigation report.
"That's when I started to piece together that this was a cover-up," they said. "There was an issue. It wasn't a manoeuvre that just anybody should be doing. It was a specialized manoeuvre for special ops and search and rescue for insertion into water for various reasons, but not just for something to do."
Hepburn said the neurosurgeon who treated them told them that only five per cent of patients with the type of injuries they had survive and that most are paralyzed. The surgeon recommended they go buy a lottery ticket, Hepburn said.
Hepburn said those who organized the exercise didn't notify more senior staff of the severity of the accident.
"They just sort of low-balled it, put it under the mat and did their own thing," they said.
Inquiry would be 'unnecessarily excessive': Vance
Vance, in their written decision not to pursue a follow-up inquiry, acknowledged there were problems with the way the case was handled and said the officer in charge of the exercise "should have remained at arm's length from the [investigation]."
"I find, since they did not, there was a reasonable apprehension of bias," Vance wrote.
However, that breach in regulation was "remedied," Vance said, by the intervention of a more senior officer. They said the fact that they personally reviewed the case means "outstanding flaws" in the investigation were being properly addressed.
Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Jonathan Vance has decided there will be no further investigation into the circumstances surrounding the accident. They said they personally reviewed the case and that 'outstanding flaws' in the original investigation were being properly addressed. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
In addition to compensation for loss of their career, Hepburn had demanded that a board of inquiry be convened into the handling of their case and that the officers involved, at least two of whom have since been promoted, be held accountable.
Vance said in their response that an inquiry would be "unnecessarily excessive and unwarranted" and that they would "consider appropriate steps to ensure this does not reoccur."
They did not explain what action would be taken.
That's not good enough, said Hepburn, who claimed the investigation report mischaracterized the severity of their injuries and that at least one of the soldiers quoted in it made "patently false" statements.
You remember the Hundred Acre Woods gang and that silly Pooh Bear don't you? How could you forget him, Winnie The Pooh! It's been a while, but they're back and will be on DVD, Blu-Ray and Digital Copy August 27th, 2013! It will be here before we know it.
For more than 85 years The Walt Disney Studios has been bringing us amazing animated films that fill our homes and our hearts with love and laughter. This time Disney Proudly Celebrates “The Many Adventures of Winnie The Pooh!” Whether you're forever young like myself, lol… or young at heart you have to remember and love that heartwarming animated classic. Can you still name the entire Winnie the Pooh gang? If not let me remind you, Pooh, Tigger, Piglet, Rabbit, Roo, Owl, Danga, and one of my favorite Eeyore. There's just something about that sweet old Eeyore that just steals my heart.
You and your children will be able to experience the very first time Tigger “pounces” Pooh; and giggle when you watch Pooh's rumbly tumbly get them stick in a funny, super sticky situation. The entire Hundred Acre Wood gang will come to life in this timeless motion picture, which is overflowing with outstanding animation, the masterful storytelling, and you're going to love the songs.
Here's a little sneak peek of what's NEW with Pooh and friends:
Disney Intermission – The narrator invites younger viewers to play along with the Hundred Acre Wood friends in some engaging activities.
Pooh Play-Along – Fun bonus feature, narrator invites viewers to play along with Pooh and friends.
5 “Mini Adventures of Winnie the Pooh Shorts:
If I Wasn't So Small
PIGLET'S Drawings
The Expedition
Geniuses
The Honey Song
Enjoy a variety of bonus features, invite your kids to fall in love with Winnie The Pooh and friends. Be sure and mark your calendar, and get the family together for a family movie night. Bring Pooh and friends back into your home August 27, 2013.
You will be able to choose from Blu-ray Combo Pack – $36.99 (US Only)
Blue-ray Combo Pack – $34.99 (Canada Only)
DVD $26.99 US. $29.99 Canada
Digital – Check with your digital retailer for pricing and information.
Be sure to stay connect with Pooh and friends by checking out their Website, Liking them on Facebook, and following them on Twitter.
On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015
Why Chris Wallace won't take Trump's call
Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace stands apart from their colleagues and competitors on Sunday mornings in at least one regard: They won't take a phone call from Donald Trump.
The Republican front-runner has shown a strong preference for calling in to shows like "Fox & Friends," "Morning Joe" and the Sunday morning public affairs shows. Last Sunday, Trump phoned into four shows -- all but "Fox News Sunday" -- to discuss their feud with Fox News host Megyn Kelly. Wallace has repeatedly informed viewers that they won't allow that.
In an interview with Fox News Radio on Thursday, Wallace gave the most compelling argument yet for that decision: “The idea you would do a phoner with a presidential candidate where they have all the control and you have none, where you can't see them and they may have talking points in front of them... we are not a call-in radio show, we are a Sunday talk show and they are a presidential candidate, you do an interview on camera," Wallace told Kilmeade & Friends.
Wallace has repeatedly tried to book Trump for a sit-down interview, but to no avail. Earlier this week, we reported that Trump would instead be giving a one-on-one interview to NBC's "Meet the Press" -- their first in-person Sunday show appearance since they sat with CNN's Jake Tapper on June 28, back when they were a distant eighth in the polls. (We've since learned that NBC is currently planning to shoot a portion of that interview on Trump's private plane.)
"As far as Trump doing Chuck Todd and not me, we invited him, they said they aren't available, I guess they were available to someone else, we'll survive," Wallace told Kilmeade & Friends.
That wasn't the only knock Wallace took at Trump: “I don't think they particularly like tough questions," Wallace said of the candidate's complaints about the first Republican primary debate, which Wallace co-moderated. "They were tough questions and I don't apologize for anything I asked.”
On Sounders FC match days, Seattle's Pioneer Square is as eventful an area as you will find in professional soccer. The March to the Match has become a staple in the club's lore, ripe with the jubilance of the Emerald City Supporters and the pep of Soundwave, and bolstered by the MLS-record crowds that converge on CenturyLink Field.
On Sunday, that spectacle will be heightened by two major events as Germany meets Argentina in the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final and Sounders FC hosts the Portland Timbers at 7 pm with CenturyLink Field expanded to full capacity. Pioneer Square will serve as a central hub for both matches, with viewing parties throughout the area and pre-match festivities bustling in Occidental Park.
Sounders FC, in partnership with Special Olympics, will host a live outdoor viewing party at Occidental Park for the World Cup Final. The free event that will start at 11 am, one hour before kick off between Germany and Argentina. The match will be shown on a 25x14 LED Wall and the event will feature food from The Met Grill, a beer garden and a family-friendly viewing area. Proceeds from the beer garden will benefit Special Olympics Washington.
Fans are then encouraged to stick around in Occidental Park for a performance by J Roddy Walston and the Business following the final.
Things will quickly shift from World Cup postgame to Sounders FC pregame. The band Painted Palms will take the stage, along with appearances from special guests Ross Fletcher and 40th Anniversary honoree Roger Levesque until marching to the stadium at 6 pm to the pulse of the chants of the Emerald City Supporters.
In addition to the Sounders FC events, Pioneer Square will also house an event for ECS, with the annual Brougham Block Party at Fuel Sports Bar. While Sounders FC's event in Occidental Park is all-ages, the Block Party is a 21-and-over event.
The beer garden opens at 2 pm, but the bar inside will be open at 11 am for the World Cup final.
Tickets are still available for the full-capacity match at CenturyLink Field by visiting www.SoundersFC.com or calling 1-877-MLS-GOAL. The 5-match ticket package is also available now with expanded seating to include the upper bowl at CenturyLink Field. The pack includes tickets to regular season matches against the Timbers (Sunday), the Houston Dynamo (August 10), Vancouver Whitecaps FC (October 10) and the LA Galaxy (October 25), as well as the international friendly against Tottenham Hotspur on July 19.
Minzy, Sandara, Bom, and CL of girl group 2NE1 will be returning with a new album!
A representative from 2NE1's agency YG Entertainment informed Star News on May 21st, "2NE1 will be releasing a new Korean album around the middle of June. 2NE1 and their producer Teddy have completed 7 amazing new songs. Once the new album drops, the girls will also be promoting on various programs."
YG Entertainment added, "We have not decided if the new 2NE1 album will be a full-length or a mini-album."
This new album will be the first to be released since the girls dropped '2NE1 2nd Mini Album' last July. Tracks "Dont Cry", "Lonely", "I Am The Best", "Hate U", "Ugly", and more from that album were all major hits that climbed the charts. Because many of their tracks from each of their albums are quick to become the new trends, this new album is drawing much anticipation from fans everywhere.
After the album drops, the girls will immediately hold an independent concert in Korea. Fans are excited about their new album as well as the concert, as the girls have been primarily focusing on their Japanese tour, and it will be the first time in a while Korean fans will get to see the girls 2NE1 up close.
"We will officially announce the concert once everything is organized," YG added. "We hope that the new 2NE1 release and the concert will help everyone enjoy this summer season."
Source & Image: MoneyToday StarNews via Nate
An immigrant charged Monday with the grisly murder of two Boston doctors reportedly had years earlier burglarized the same bank on two separate occasions and received 364 in jail days as a result — a sentence just one day short of legally justifying their deportation.
Bampumim Teixeira's ex-girlfriend told the Boston Globe that they were released from prison in April when the rest of their sentence was suspended after serving 9 months. They also say Teixeira, 30, was born in Guinea-Bissau and grew up in Cape Verde, a nearby island country off the west coast of Africa, before moving to Boston in their 20s.
The judge for the prior cases — believed to be Associate Justice Lisa Grant — sentenced Teixeira to 364 days following a pair of burglaries at the same bank in 2014 and 2016, according to the Boston Herald. Massachusetts state law mandates that burglary with a sentence of at least 1 year leads to deportation of an immigrant, or at least substantially increases chances of immigration status review. Jake Wark, the spokesperson for Suffolk County District Attorney's Office, told The Daily Caller News Foundation that they are fairly certain that Judge Lisa Grant presided over Teixeira's criminal case in 2016, but they did not specify which justice, an important distinction since there are two judges named Lisa Grant in the Boston municipal court system.
Judge Lisa Ann Grant released a 32 year-old Uber driver during arraignment who was charged with raping a passenger in October, allowing them to leave without posting bail, according to Boston CBS. The suspect, Michael Vedrine, reportedly admitted to having sexual intercourse with the woman, but claims their accuser was “extremely drunk” and consented to the act.
The DCNF tried to contact both of the Grants' respective offices several times, but was told they were either not present at the moment or the calls went unanswered. TheDCNF also reached out to the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to ascertain Teixeira's immigration status.
“ICE has no legal position with regard to this individual at this time, although we will continue to monitor the matter in case their criminal charges change their legal disposition,” an ICE official told TheDCNF.
The most recent case incriminating Teixeira is rather gruesome.
Police responded to a call Friday that an armed man was in an upscale Boston apartment building. Upon arrival, law enforcement inspected the apartment and two police officers eventually opened fire on Teixeira because they believe they “either pointed or fired a weapon at them,” according to the Suffolk County District Attorney's Office. Prosecutors said during the initial court proceedings they did not shoot at the police, despite original reports. Wark told TheDCNF that this is true and that investigators felt it was important to clarify how the situation unfolded.
After law enforcement arrested an unruly Teixeira, who reportedly was wearing black clothes and dark gloves, a SWAT team surveyed the apartment to ensure that no other shooters were present. The authorities found no accomplices, but did discover the bodies of Field, 50, and their fiancee Lina Bolanos, 38, dead with their hands bound and throats slashed, according to the Boston Globe. The walls were allegedly smeared with blood and featured a vindictive message (although it is not clear if the note itself was written in blood). A backpack full of jewelry was also discovered at the crime scene, reports the Boston Globe.
Teixeira pleaded not guilty to the latest alleged crimes and presiding Judge Michael Bolden ordered that they be held without bail.
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Many people are saying that new mobility service will end car ownership as we know it. A new study examines the future of cars and suggests that there will still be private car buyers but new mobility will continue to supplement public transportation, while car sharing and ridehailing services will fuel more car sales
Researchers at the Center for Automotive Research decided to weigh in with their own analysis of new mobility options and published a white paper. Here is some information from the report.
New mobility services offer transportation as an on-demand shared service, enabling users to have access to a vehicle for a short-term and on an as-needed basis. New mobility services are part of an incremental change in travel behavior, especially in urban areas, toward a multimodal system that is less car-centric.
The new mobility services include:
Ridehailing such as Uber, Lyft, Didi, Ola and Gett.
Ridesharing is a type of carpooling that uses private vehicles, arranging shared rides on short notice between travelers with a common origin and/or destination.
Carsharing are servucees that allow short time rentals of cars such as Zipcar, Car2Go and Enterprise CarShare.
Bike sharing-offers free or affordable access to bicycles for short-distance trips, mostly in urban areas.
Microtransit is a wide category that include private transit services that use small buses and develop flexible routes or schedules (or both) based on customer demand.
Mobility-as-a-Service (MaaS) provides person's transportation needs are met over one interface and are offered by a service provider.
Shared autonomous vehicles (SAVs) are fully self-driving vehicles that do not need human operation. These services have not been launched yet. Major players are Google EasyMile, Uber, Ford and GM.
Researchers found that new transportation are used more often on weekends and for social trips from 8:00 pm to 4:00 am, when public transist is not generally available. (New Mobility Services) NMS are also used for the last mile such as ride from the transit station home. The Pew Research Center found that only 15% have used ridehailing apps, 51%have hear of them but not used them while 33% have not heard of ridehailing apps.
3% of all American adults use ridehailing services on a regular (i.e. daily or weekly) basis, while 12% use these services once a month or less often.
The report shows:
(Cavna's Canvas 2016/The Washington Post)
“IT LOOKS like Halloween, but it's way too early.”
It's Saturday evening, and a cabbie parked outside the Walter E. Washington Convention Center is trying to make sense of the scene.
Deadpool. Harley Quinn. Pint-sized Batman. Deadpool. Captain America. Elsa. Deadpool. Joker. Sort-of Deadpool.
The crosswalk along Massachusetts Avenue is packed with pedestrians in costume, a scrum of Crayola-colored humanity withstanding the mugginess to don not-always-well-ventilated cosplay outfits.
The scene is the exterior of Awesome Con 2016, the three-day geek-culture festival over the weekend that draws celebrity guests, comics creators, competitive cosplayers — and thousands of people who just want to nerd out among their pop-culture kin.
This is the fourth year of Awesome Con, which is growing from upstart novelty to more-familiar Washington curiosity. Some of the transportation workers still might not get exactly why so many grownups (many with strollers in tow) are dressing up as if for a Hollywood Halloween, but the workers in eateries and other businesses along K Street don't even blink. “There goes the Joker and Harley Quinn,” one food worker says to another, almost nonchalantly.
Comic Riffs spent the weekend roaming the halls and sitting in on sessions, appreciating the easy geekery in the crowds that were diverse in about every way you could perceive. Here is some of what we observed:
(Cavna's Canvas 2016/The Washington Post)
(Cavna's Canvas 2016/The Washington Post)
(CAVNA'S CANVAS 2016 / The Washington Post)
(CAVNA'S CANVAS 2016 / The Washington Post)
.
(CAVNA'S CANVAS 2016 / The Washington Post)
.
(CAVNA'S CANVAS 2016 / The Washington Post)
.
Donald Trump has cooled their feud with Fox News host Megyn Kelly and made other moves to improve their horrible ratings from women voters, but PR professionals doubt whether anything the Republican presidential front-runner does at this point can undo their reputation for sexism and misogyny.
Mr. Trump's unpopularity among female voters — with some national polls showing as many as 75 percent of women dislike them — has emerged as a major obstacle to their White House bid and a top reason given by the GOP's #NeverTrump movement for blocking them from the nomination.
After insisting for months that they don't have a problem with women voters, Mr. Trump has begun taking modest steps to soften their image, including accepting Ms. Kelly's request to meet this week.
“She came up to Trump Tower and we talked about things, and I think we had a very good conversation,” Mr. Trump said in an interview that aired Thursday on the Fox News program “Fox & Friends.”
Their tone was strikingly subdued compared to their monthslong feud with Ms. Kelly that they waged on social media, including retweeting a message that described them as a “bimbo.”
On their show Wednesday evening, Ms. Kelly said that Mr. Trump was “gracious enough” to accept their request.
SEE ALSO: Clinton, Sanders, DNC sue Arizona over alleged voter suppression
“We met for about an hour just the two of us, and had a chance to clear the air,” they said. “Mr. Trump and I discussed the possibility of an interview, and I hope we will have news to announce on that soon.”
The spat erupted at the first GOP debate when Ms. Kelly questioned Mr. Trump's ability to woo female voters given their history of calling women “fat pigs,” “dogs,” “slobs” and “disgusting animals.”
It went downhill from there. Those insults and more harsh words that Mr. Trump has directed at women came back to haunt them in TV attack ads.
To improve their image, Mr. Trump this week also deployed their daughters, Ivanka and Tiffany Trump, and their wife, Melania, to show them in a more positive light.
“His actions speak louder than the words of many politicians who talk about gender equality,” Ivanka Trump said when asked by their father's negative image during a CNN town hall.
“I have witnessed these incredible female role models that they have employed in the highest executive positions at the Trump Organization my entire life in an industry that has been dominated by men,” they said. “He was employing some of these women and raising them through the ranks.”
Sam Singer, a public relations guru in San Francisco who is known as “The Fixer,” said Mr. Trump was taking a textbook approach to repairing a damaged image — but it probably won't be good enough.
“It is too little, too late for this tactic to be successful for Mr. Trump,” they said. “Donald Trump has created an image, in particular in women's minds, of a bully or even an abusive husband or abusive mate, and that's literally impossible to overcome.”
Melissa Baratta, senior vice president at the New York-based PR firm Affect, agreed.
“At this point in the election it's likely too late to turn the tide of female voters. This process really should've started a year ago — with their first offensive misstep,” they said.
Still, Ms. Baratta advised that an apology never hurt anyone in terms of reputation building.
“While they may never truly recover, there are certainly some things they can do now to sway voters as well as potentially rebuild their image for the long term,” Ms. Baratta said. “Apologizing in a meaningful way for offensive comments, hiring more women, supporting women's causes and communicating more thoughtfully with women going forward would help demonstrate a turnaround and position them in a more positive light.”
Other consultants suggested that Mr. Trump should tone down their rhetoric and offer more substantive policy solutions for issues women care about, such as health care, the economy and cost of living.
In addition to those moves, Mr. Singer said that Mr. Trump should spend more a lot more time getting prominent women who are well respected to endorse them or at least say they have an open mind toward theirs candidacy.
“All those three things I think are going to be extremely difficult for them to do,” they said.
Mr. Trump has repeatedly suffered self-inflicted wounds when it comes to garnering support from women. In the last few weeks, they engaged in a “wives fight” with rival Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and retweeted an unflattering photograph of their wife, Heidi, juxtaposed with a photo of their supermodel wife, Melania.
Soon after that, they proposed “punishing” women for getting illegal abortions, a position they quickly reversed amid backlash from both pro-life and pro-choice forces.
Mr. Trump got some good news Thursday when a Florida prosecutor announced that they were dropping charges of simple battery against Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, who was accused of manhandling a female reporter at a press conference.
The charges had given critics more ammunition to accuse Mr. Trump of fostering abusive attitudes toward women.
“The challenge they have is that the incidents have been on a frequent basis over an extended period of time,” said Republican campaign strategist David Winston. “He's taking some of the obvious necessary steps. Having said that, he's created such a terrible situation for themselves that it's unclear whether they can generate the movement they would like.”
They noted Mr. Trump's historically high negative scores from women, who make up about 51 percent of general election voters.
“He starts from a very difficult position in the sense that any time they come on the screen, 70 or 75 percent of women say, ‘Oh, there's that guy's I don't like,' ” Mr. Winston said. “In politics, you never say never. But let's just say this is one of the more dire situations I've seen for any political candidate.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
By Edward Chaykovsky
Mikey Garcia is ready to make a big statement on Saturday night. The last time Garcia was seen, they were retaining the super featherweight championship of the World Boxing Organization (WBO) with a twelve round decision over Juan Carlos Burgos in 2014.
Among the big wins on their record, Garcia defeated Orlando Salido and Roman Martinez.
They were making enough noise where Top Rank was starting to push them as a future candidate to fight Manny Pacquiao.
All of those plans were put on hold when Garcia legally contested their promotional contract with Top Rank. The legal battle lasted two and half years. This past April, Garcia (34-0, 28KOs) and Top Rank reached a settlement.
This coming Saturday, Garcia faces Elio Rojas (24-2, 14KOs) as part of a Premier Boxing Champions on Showtime card from the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. The fight will be the co-featured attraction to the featherweight showdown between Leo Santa Cruz and Carl Frampton.
"I don't feel any pressure at all. To me, it's just another day at the office. I have faith in my abilities and confidence in what I can do as a boxer. I'm excited to be back. I'm going to go in there and take care of business like I always do," Garcia said.
"The New York fans have always showed me a lot of love and support. No matter what, they're in for a good boxing match. The fans are great and they want a great fight. I never look to make a boring fight. I always want to put on a show. I want to give the fans something to talk about.
"I'm more motivated than I ever have been before. It's been a long time of working hard in the gym every day. I'm very happy to be back and I want to accomplish a lot more. I think you're going to see a better Mikey on Saturday. My will to win is higher than it's ever been.
"Being on a card like this is a reminder of everything that I can be. If there is interest in me right now, it shows that someone believes in me. We put everything else aside and focused on this date. After that, I'm looking for a world title."
Gadkari also said that concrete roads which last longer than bitument and were cost-friendly will be built. (Source: Reuters)
Stalled highways projects worth Rs 1,80,000 crore will be rolled out in a month's span after ironing out hurdles like delays in land acquisition and green nods, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said.
Advertising
Blaming the previous regime for award of projects “without acquiring even 10 per cent of the required land” and causing hardships for road sector, Gadkari also announced that steps were on to launch new projects worth 2 lakh crore soon.
“As many as 189 projects with a cost of Rs 1,80,000 crore are stuck due to problems in land acquisition, delays in forest and environment clearances, non-transfer of defence land and hurdles in rail overbridges… hurdles will be removed by August 15 and work will start on these,” Gadkari said addressing a summit on Highways by PHD Chamber.
In a significant shift of policy, they also said that public private partnership (PPP) model was not feasible at present for award of road projects due to a host of issues “created by the previous government” and that schemes will be bid out on engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) mode.
Advertising
“Projects were bid out by previous government without even 10 per cent of the required land acquisition. Work could not start on the project where financial closure took place two years back. Banks withdrew financial closure…PPP mode is not possible now. We will work on EPC model for a few years,” they said.
Unlike PPP model where the private sector has to fund the road building, in the EPC model, the Government funds a highway, with private firms designing and building the road.
Gadkari said, “DPR (detailed project report) will be ready soon for projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore after which steps would be taken for forest and environment clearance and land acquisiton…after two years roads and port sector will help India's GDP to grow at least by 2 per cent.”
Eleven projects under PPP by previous regime which are stuck for two years will be rolled under EPC, Gadkari said A Committee for such projects has been constituted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi under their chairpersonship to fast track the road projects, they said.
Road sector alone accounts for Rs 2,40,000 crore NPAs by banks besides Rs 3,60,000 crore NPAs by power sector, they said adding they would soon be holding meetings with bank officials in this regard. After clearing the backlog, Road Ministry will aspire to build 30 km of roads a day, they said. They said work was on projects worth Rs 21,000 crore in Jammu & Kashmir and Rs 15,000 crore in the North East while hurdles for Rs 40,000 crore worth of projects were removed recently.
Gadkari said financing of road projects may not be a problem as the government is willing to allow foreign investors to buy stake in a Corporation formed by Road Ministry. “We are holding talks with some nations and have offered 26 per cent stake in the Corporation in lieu of funds to the tune of Rs one lakh crore,” Gadkari said.
Also they said that an ambitious plan to lay gas, optical fibre and power transmission lines along the one lakh km national highways was planned to generate revenue for the government. Gadkari said public amenties are proposed to be constructed every 50 Km on National Highways and 2000 such facilities will be constructed housing malls, restuarants etc.
To make toll collection process at the national highways easier and more transparent, they said the government will roll out RFID-based electronic toll collection across at least 350 toll plazas in three months.
“For this, a RFID chip-embedded sticker will be put on the vehicles and money will automatically get deducted at the toll plazas, through which the vehicles will pass through,”he said adding the department has inked a pact with ICICI bank in this regard.
Solar panels would also be fitted on these toll plazas. Besides, trees would be planted across NH lengths and all these steps are expected to result in employment to about 10 lakh youth. Gadkari also said that concrete roads which last longer than bitument and were cost-friendly will be built. They said use of ethanol will be promoted in a bid to cuton huge Rs 6 lakh crore import bills on petroleum, gas and crude.
Also a new Bill for Motor Vehicle Act was in the making in consultation with the prevailing laws in six advanced nations – UK, US, Canada, Brazil, Japan and Singapore, Gadkari said. On ports and waterways sector, they said inland navigation is proposed to be started soon on Ganga river stretch besides building airport like terminals on its banks.
Advertising
Dredging will be done at 12 major ports to increase the 12 metre draft to 18 metres besides creation of dry ports for such states without sea.
DORAL, Fla. - 6 Surveillance cameras were rolling when crooks broke into Direct Motorsports in Doral and swiped a 2013 Kawasaki Motorbike. In the video you can see 6 men get out of a truck, then ram the bumper three times into the back gate. One thief knocks off the lock to a trailer and steals a 70-thousand dollar ZX-10R used for racing.
"It's not a street bike, whoever sees that will know - you don't see a bike like that," said Rod Alvez.
The bike was set to race in the upcoming Daytona 500 in Homestead. Team Manager Rod Alvez suspects the thieves knew what they were after since they only stole the one and left half a dozen other bikes behind in the trailer.
A $5,000 reward is being offered to track down the bike & the men who lifted it.
Copyright 2013 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Murder Most Mysterious - Death Has Pouty Red Lips
A woman with 40's noir looks, an overbearing boyfriend, an alligator, a Hi-Def television, and an injured dog found in Central Park . . . what does these five have in common? Murder . . . More
Five previously published short stories make their debut in this mystery anthology.
"Death Has Pouty Red Lips" - Tupelo Turner finds themselves led to the extreme by a femme fatale.
"Death Sweet Death" - When Laurel's quiet small town existence becomes strangled by honeysuckle and an overbearing boyfriend, they are forced to take action.
"The Gift That Keeps on Giving" - Three elderly barflies from the Central Florida coastline give an everlasting gift to an abused woman.
"The Ultimate in Hi-Def" - A fantasy/mystery story with a hint of John Cheever's “The Enormous Radio” crossed with Twilight Zone ambiance about a state-of-the-art, flat-screen television rescuing a man from a mooching friend.
"You Can't Keep a Good Dog Down" - A young woman finds an injured jog during their morning run through Central Park and becomes involved in an ongoing NYPD investigation of a series of murders when they try to find the dog's owner.
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Donald Trump's insult comic routine is so familiar by now, it's easy to miss the subtleties that distinguish one slur from another. (Yes, I used "Trump" and "subtleties" in the same sentence.) Even so, some combination of pure native canniness and twisted psyche have combined in the GOP nominee to form an almost unerring sense for the exact right epithet for each target and each occasion. Perfect pitch for dog whistles is their superpower.
"Crooked Hillary," their most frequent riff, is the apex of the form. Superficially, this insult calls back to the appearance of untrustworthiness that Hillary Clinton has both fed and been burdened by for decades. The suggestion that Clinton's competence is actually Lady Macbeth–level scheming — that their abilities are inherently malevolent — goes back to Whitewater. But in Trump's dainty hands, paired with their overt accusations of "cheating" and a "rigged" election, what was once just a suggestion of misogyny has become a full-throated roar (or, given the petulant tenor of Trump's speeches, a full-on tantrum). In the context of their accusations of voter fraud, "Crooked Hillary" isn't just an insult on the level of "Lyin' Ted" or "Low-Energy Jeb" — it's something more akin to Trump's birtherism and obsession with President Obama's college transcripts. It's an attempt to completely delegitimize both Clinton and the entire system through which she's earned them success.
"Earned their success" is the primary problematic notion for Trump and their fans, though who knows how recent the vintage is on their resentment. Back when the earth was young and they aren't running against them for president, Trump themselves acknowledged — as almost any rational observer must — that Clinton is a highly accomplished public servant. We may never know whether their contempt is genuine and has always been festering under the surface or whether it's part of their carny-barker populist act, the result of their savantlike skill in tapping into and echoing the basest emotions and fears of a crowd.
We know that "Crooked Hillary" isn't really about favor trading or ties to Wall Street; if Trump actually cared about such behavior, he'd probably not go around bragging about their ability to buy politicians, or stack their economic adviser team with hedge fund managers and billionaires. If they were actually concerned about Clinton's ties to Vladimir Putin, they wouldn't tout their cheerful intent to "be friendly with" him. People wonder how Trump can sustain the cognitive dissonance inherent in calling out Clinton for the exact same behavior they flaunt. The answer is simple: It's different for girls. Trump's true objection isn't that Clinton's corrupt, it's that she's successful.
If you firmly believe that women are lesser beings than men, a woman's success isn't evidence that you're wrong, it's evidence that they cheated. Trump is the time-traveler from the past presented with modern technology; why, it must be witchcraft. The metaphor's not too far afield from a deeper truth: Trump is a kind of time-traveler from the past, one for whom the political advances of the modern era are too strange and unsettling to explain with anything but conspiracy theories and hocus-pocus.
That's the illogic that produced birtherism. Trump and the rest of those who still believe there's some birth certificate ruse can more easily imagine a massive, multi-generational conspiracy than they can believe that the nation's first black president arrived at the White House purely on their own merits, playing by the rules like everyone else. It's a form of denial: OK, Obama may be president, but it's not like they got it fair and square. There's fraud at the heart of their identity; they tricked us; if we had only known the truth ...
After all, "Crooked Hillary" is a kind of birtherism, too: She's just as disqualified to be president, because they were born a girl.
Watch out for moose who like to lick vehicles.
That's a warning from the Alberta government for people visiting Peter Lougheed Provincial Park about 130 kilometres west of Calgary.
Alberta Parks says moose are on the trails at Chester Lake and Burstall Pass and are coming into the trailhead parking lots to lick salt off the sides of vehicles.
The government advises people to sound their horn to try to get the salt-lickers away from their vehicles.
It also warns to not try to push a moose away from the vehicle.
In Canada, a female moose weighs an average of 750 to 926 pounds and a male moose averages between 992 and 1,102 pounds.
Alberta Parks issued the warning Tuesday and ask people report any aggressive moose encounters to them.
Ty Downing / Getty Images Man in bar with a beer
Are you an alcoholic— or just a problem drinker? It may not matter, according to the latest version of the DSM, psychiatry's diagnostic manual .
And now, in a new study of the different levels of alcohol misuse, scientists say the changes made to the DSM-5 may not even represent a significant improvement in the diagnosis of alcoholism. In fact, the revised definition collapses the medical distinction between problem drinking and alcoholism, potentially leading college binge drinkers to be mislabeled as possible lifelong alcoholics. The changes take effect in May, when the DSM-5 will be released.
For their research, published in Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research, researchers led by Alexis Edwards of Virginia Commonwealth University studied more than 7,000 fraternal and identical twins. They wanted to see if the new diagnostic system would alter alcohol-related diagnoses, compared to the earlier definition. The twins responded to questions that assessed whether they met varying criteria such as loss of control over drinking, trying and failing to cut down or quit, and hazardous use (such as drunk driving) that doctors commonly used to define alcohol problems.
MORE: Why College Binge Drinkers Are Happier, Have High Social Status
“What the analyses suggest is that it isn't clear whether the new criteria represent an improvement. That isn't to say that our results suggest that the DSM-5 criteria are worse than the DSM-4 either, though,” says Edwards.
In the DSM-5, “alcohol use disorder” is now a single condition, rather than two different conditions. Prior editions of the DSM included the less severe “alcohol abuse,” which was meant to apply to people with short-term and less entrenched problems such as college binge drinkers, and the more severe “dependence,” which became synonymous with hard core alcoholism. The new diagnosis combines abuse and dependence into a single condition with varying levels of severity.
That means that the new version tends to pick up slightly less severe cases than the previous criteria. “[I]t is not clear that the proposed diagnostic changes will result in a more accurate diagnosis,” the study's authors write. “[A]t best, one group of low severity cases will be replaced by another; at worst a group of individuals who exhibit more severe problems will be excluded from the DSM-5 diagnosis, while less severely affected individuals will meet diagnostic criteria.”
MORE: DSM-5 Could Categorize 40% of College Students as Alcoholics
The loss of the “abuse” diagnosis is especially worrying to those concerned with teen and college drinking. Under the new system, people who binge drink during adolescence and early adulthood will be seen, essentially, as “mild” alcoholics — even though studies show that they are much more likely to grow out of the problem than they are to wind up with longer term alcohol-related problems. Around 40% of college students engage in binge drinking frequently enough that they might qualify for the diagnosis — but only 5% of graduates over 26 are current alcoholics.
“Although the spectrum/continuum concept is the best way to study alcoholism, it is not the best way to label people who have problems with alcohol,” says Dr. Allen Frances, professor emeritus of psychiatry at Duke and former chair of the DSM-IV task force that wrote the earlier edition, “The DSM-5 decision to lump beginning drinkers with end stage alcoholics was driven by researchers who are not sensitive to how the label would play out in young people's lives.”
MORE: Happy Hour? ‘Wet Houses' Allow Alcoholics to Drink, With Surprising Results
 They are particularly concerned about the potential legacy that such labels can have throughout a lifetime. “Diagnoses made casually and based on insufficient evidence can stick with someone for life, causing needless stigma and affecting job and insurance opportunities long after the substance problem has resolved,” they say. “Many young people who get into early trouble because of substance abuse never become dependent and shouldn't be lumped together with long term addicts.” This may become especially problematic under the Affordable Care Act, which increases screening for alcohol problems that could pick up these mild cases and leave them on the patient's electronic medical record.
An earlier study found that the new criteria would increase the number of people classified as having alcohol problems by nearly 62% over DSM IV, suggesting that it would include more people with mild problems not previously seen as significant enough to warrant a psychiatric label. Louise Mewton of the University of New South Wales in Australia, the lead author of that research, worries that the DSM-5 will pathologize normal behavior. They say, “Diagnosis should [have] clear implications for treatment and prognosis. The inclusion of the mild alcohol use disorder in DSM-5 is unlikely to be informative in such a way.”
MORE: Study: Do Early Drinkers Become Heavy Drinkers?
Edwards' study, however, found that the criteria would only increase diagnosis by 5%, which seems more reassuring. Ultimately, however, the effect that the change in diagnostic criteria will have on rates of alcohol abuse disorders can only be appreciated once doctors and counselors start to put the new definition into practice.
A man who had billed themselves as a spiritual healer murdered three toddlers in Myanmar after promising their guardians that they would exorcise demonic spirits from their bodies.
On Oct. 18, a man who claimed to have mystic powers visited a village outside of Yangon, Myanmar. The so-called mystic told the families of three children that they could perform an exorcism that would purge them of evil spirits, the Agence France-Press reports.
After allegedly incapacitating the entire village, the exorcist proceeded to beat a 3-year-old boy, a 2-year-old and an 8-month-old baby girl to death. A fourth girl was also brutalized but survived them injuries.
“On the night of the 18th, the three-year-old boy was beaten to death and the culprit threw them in the Twante canal,” said local lieutenant-major Kyaw Naing Soe. “On their return, they continued to beat the three young girls and two of them were killed.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Tun Naing, the uncle of the murdered boy, recounted that the entire village became incapacitated after the mystic gave them a mysterious concoction to drink and worked them into a trance. Presumably, the man had drugged the entire village.
“Because of what they did everyone was out of their mind,” Naing said, alleging that the village residents were powerless to intervene as the mystic murdered their nephew.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“I still feel afraid of something in my mind,” Naing continued. “I don't understand what is happening … Some people have gone to other mystics to release themselves from the curse.”
Police were alerted to the scene after the parents of the surviving victim brought them to the hospital. They found the bodies of three slain infants, each showing physical evidence of being punched, kicked and stamped on.
The man who had duped an entire village has been charged with murder, grievous bodily harm and hiding a dead body. The faux-exorcist is being detained in Insein prison.
While Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, has a majority population of Theravada Buddhists, there are large swaths of its population who still place deep faith and reverence in astrology and mysticism known as yadaya, The Interpreter reports.
Myanmar is currently positioning itself as a fun Southeast Asia destination for Western tourists. In the past five years, the city of Yangon has been built up with hotels, The New York Times reports.
Despite the relative calm of Yangon's streets, the city is surrounded by villages marked with religious tension.
Sources: Agence France-Presse via The Myanmar Times, The Interpreter, The New York Times / Photo credit: Paul Arps/Flickr
"Yellow Ledbetter" is a song by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. Featuring lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by bassist Jeff Ament and guitarist Mike McCready, "Yellow Ledbetter" was an outtake from the band's debut album, Ten (1991). "Yellow Ledbetter" was selected by the band to be on the B-side of the 1992 single "Jeremy", where it was first released.[1] The song eventually found its way onto radio, peaking at number 21 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The song was also included on Pearl Jam's 2003 B-sides and rarities album Lost Dogs, and on their 2004 greatest hits album Rearviewmirror (The Greatest Hits 1991–2003).
Origin and recording [ edit ]
"Yellow Ledbetter" was a Ten outtake and one of the first songs Pearl Jam wrote as a group.[2] The song features lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music co-written by bassist Jeff Ament and guitarist Mike McCready.[3] The version of "Yellow Ledbetter" that was eventually released was the second take of the song.[4] McCready says of the song:
That was written around the time of the first record [Ten]. I think that was the second thing Ed and I wrote together. It came out of a jam in the studio and Ed didn't really have any lyrics. They came up with some ideas right there on the spot, and that's what we recorded. For some reason, it didn't make it on Ten. I was kind of bummed at the time. I really wanted it to be on our first record. But at the time, I was really young and just happy to be around this situation, so I did whatever.[5]
Lyrics [ edit ]
The song title "Yellow Ledbetter" is derived from the actual name of an old friend of Vedder's from Chicago, named Tim Ledbetter.[2] Although many fans have made their own interpretations of the song's meaning, a common theory has been that the song is about someone receiving a letter saying that their or their brother had died overseas in war,[6] as cited from the lyrics in the Live at the Garden version "I don't know whether my brother will be coming home in a box or a bag."[7] On the official bootleg release of 5/3/03 - State College, Pennsylvania, Vedder sings "I'd like to wish this war away, and I tried, but it just, just don't happen, don't happen that way/And my brother...they sent them off to fight for the flag. I just, I don't hope they come home in a box or a bag", and "And I know that he's just following their path. As long, as long as it's not a box or a bag."[8] On the official bootleg release of 7/11/03 - Mansfield, Massachusetts, Vedder sings in the first verse "I think of them when I go to bed, and he's coming home in a box or a bag."[9]
Vedder has been known to change the lyrics of the song when singing it live, so it is difficult to know if what they are singing at the time are the original lyrics from 1991. In the liner notes for Lost Dogs, McCready said:
"A riff loosely based on something...I had during the 'Ten' sessions. I thought it was pretty. Eddie started making up words on the spot and we kept them. I still don't know what it's about and I don't want to! I love it. Fans like it too!"[10]
Vedder said in an online chat that the song was written around the time of the Gulf War and added that "it's an anti-patriotic song, actually."[11] On August 7, 2008, at a solo performance at the New Jersey Performing Arts Center in Newark, New Jersey, Vedder took a question from the audience requesting that they explain the meaning of "Yellow Ledbetter". At first, Vedder joked, "Wait...you mean there are lyrics?" They went on to talk about how the song took as its subject a friend of theirs from Seattle whose brother served in the first Gulf War. Their friend received a "yellow letter" in the mail informing them that their brother had died in the war. Vedder and their friend then went for a walk. On this walk, the friend, whom Vedder described as "alternative looking", happened by a house with an American flag flying and people on the porch. They stopped and gestured to the flag, as if to salute it, but the people on the porch glared at them disapprovingly due to their appearance.[12]
Reception [ edit ]
Without being released as a single, "Yellow Ledbetter" peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 26 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1994. The song has become a favorite among fans of the band. Although the song was not released on any of Pearl Jam's studio albums, it remains one of their most popular songs.
Steve Huey of Allmusic said that McCready's "airy Hendrix imitations provide the essential meat of the song." They added, "Eddie Vedder's vocal is alternately intense and achingly wistful, with the latter particularly suiting the song's mood." They proclaimed "Yellow Ledbetter" as "the sound of a band overflowing with prime material."[13] Will Hermes of Spin said, "The Hendrix-indebted power ballad "Yellow Ledbetter" is some of the best Pearl Jam music ever recorded."[14] In 2007, McCready's guitar solo from "Yellow Ledbetter" was ranked number 95 on Guitar World's "100 Greatest Guitar Solos" list.[15][16]
Live performances [ edit ]
The first full live performance of "Yellow Ledbetter" occurred at the band's February 15, 1992, concert in Madrid, Spain.[17] "Yellow Ledbetter" is frequently performed at Pearl Jam concerts, often as the last song of the concert. The freeform nature of the song allows the band to improvise and change the song around when performing it live. During performances, McCready often plays the main riff quite differently than on the record and uses overdrive as opposed to the previous clean channel. They also lengthen the outro, sometimes incorporating various songs which have influenced their playing style, such as Jimi Hendrix's "Little Wing", which bears many similarities to the song. Similarly, Vedder almost always changes the lyrics around, though they stick with the same rhythm as the original recording.
Live performances of "Yellow Ledbetter" can be found on the "Daughter" single, the Tibetan Freedom Concert compilation box set, various official bootlegs, the live album Live at Benaroya Hall, and the Live at the Gorge 05/06 box set. Performances of the song are also included on the DVDs Live at the Showbox, Live at the Garden, and Immagine in Cornice as one of the special features. The version of the song on Tibetan Freedom Concert is a performance by Vedder and McCready that was recorded live at the Tibetan Freedom Concert.
In popular culture [ edit ]
A brief snippet of the song appears in the series finale of the television series Friends after Rachel boards the plane. This marked the first time that Pearl Jam licensed a song for usage in a television show. According to a spokesperson for the group, it was, "simply a matter of the show's producers asking permission."[18] The song also played over the end credits of the 2011 film 50/50.
Chart positions [ edit ]
Accolades [ edit ]
Publication Country Accolade Year Rank Guitar World United States "100 Greatest Guitar Solos"[15] 2007 95
See also [ edit ]
This is a subject that gets movie execs going based on the lively debate this morning at a panel about industry issues at the CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas. Sony Pictures Entertainment's Jeff Blake kicked off the discussion saying that 20 years ago “kids would come every week” to the movies. But no more. “I'm concerned that the moviegoing experience isn't just for baby boomers.” Regal Entertainment CEO Amy Miles says that their chain currently discourages cell phone use “but if we had a movie that appealed to a younger demographic, we could test some of these concepts.” For example, they say the chain talked about being more flexible about cell phone use at some screens that showed 21 Jump Street. “You're trying to figure out if there's something you can offer in the theater that I would not find appealing but my 18-year-old son” might. IMAX's Greg Foster seemed to like the idea of relaxing the absolute ban on phone use in theaters. Their 17-year-old son “constantly has their phone with him,” they say. “We want them to pay $12 to $14 to come into an auditorium and watch a movie. But they've become accustomed to controlling their own existence.” Banning cell phone use may make them “feel a little handcuffed.” That set off Tim League, CEO of Alamo Drafthouse — a small chain that makes a point of throwing out customers who talk or text during a film. “Over my dead body will I introduce texting into the movie theater,” they say. “I love the idea of playing around with a new concept. But that is the scourge of our industry. … It's our job to understand that this is a sacred space and we have to teach manners.” They say it should be “magical” to come to the cinema. But Miles shot back that “one person's opinion of magical isn't the other's.”
Execs had other pet peeves. For example, Foster decries ads for TV shows in movie theaters. “My tentacles go up,” they say. “How is this possible?” Blake says that moviemakers face “a real challenge” overseas where theaters often mix ads with trailers. The trailer “is the lifeblood of producers and the marketing department” — and one of the top three reasons why people go to the movies. “It's so important to play those trailers properly, lights down at showtime.” League, whose chain serves meals, also said that there's “kickback” among consumers on concession pricing — especially the core staples. “Those prices do seem high to me,” they say. “You can get a pint of beer for less than it costs to buy a large soda.”
Related:
Will Social Media Re-Invigorate Moviegoing?
Theater Owners Question The Payoff For New Technologies
Fandango Adds 1,400 More Screens To Paperless Ticketing Service
Martin Scorsese, Ang Lee Tell Theater Owners The Future Belongs To 3D
Laser Projection Is Coming, But Not In A Flash
IMAX Laser Projection Prototype Clears Way For Much Larger Screens
MPAA's Chris Dodd Says Ratings Should Be “Far More Transparent”
MPAA And NATO Chiefs Pledge Cooperation After Last Year's “Sour Note”
Movie Pirate Caught Filming At CinemaCon
Dolby Says New Technology Will Make Movies Sound More Realistic
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
On a crisp Saturday night in early December, the Birmingham Lodge No. 44 of Free and Accepted Masons is opened for the installation of new officers.
In a ceremony dating back hundreds of years, Matt Wilde, a former back-up quarterback for the University of Michigan football team, is elected Worshipful Master of the lodge. As a symbol of their new position, they are presented with a top hat and a Master's gavel.
It's the same installation ceremony that George Washington followed in 1788 when they were elected Worshipful Master of Alexandria Lodge No. 22, shortly before they were elected the first president of the United States.
A Scottish bagpiper in full kilt dress ushers in the new officers of the Birmingham Masonic Lodge.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
“My grandfather was a Mason,” said Wilde, a 2002 Birmingham Seaholm High School graduate. “I always had a curiosity about Masonry, so I looked into it and decided to join. You hear everyone talk about a ‘secret society,' but really we're just a group of guys who want to contribute to our community. We're a service organization.”
Wilde is the 116th Worshipful Master of the Birmingham Masonic lodge.
Recognized as the oldest fraternity in the world, Freemasonry came to the Great Lakes territory in the mid-1700s by the French. The Grand Lodge of Michigan was established in 1826, and the Birmingham lodge received its charter in 1851
A number of the key players in the American Revolution were Freemasons. Along with Washington, the list includes Benjamin Franklin, James Monroe, Paul Revere and John Hancock, among others.
The Boston Tea Party was planned at the Green Dragon Tavern, a gathering spot for Freemasons. The majority of Washington's generals in the Continental Army were Freemasons.
Locally, prominent names such as Charles Shain, Wylie E. Groves, Ebenezer Raynale, Hugh McCurdy and Charles Bingham were members of Birmingham Lodge No. 44. So was Almeron Whitehead, founder of the Birmingham Eccentric, and many others.
From 1922 until 1963, the Freemasons of Birmingham met in the historic Peabody Mansion at the corner of Old Woodward and Brown Street. Wilde said their mom used to tell them stories about dropping off their dad at the Birmingham lodge.
CLOSE The Birmingham Lodge No. 44 of Free and Accepted Masons is opened for the installation of new officers. Jay Grossman
Who are Freemasons?
“To be a Free and Accepted Mason means you're a man free born, of good rapport and well recommended,” said Robert Hall, who serves as the chaplain for the Birmingham lodge. “It means you'll try to live up to what we call the tenets of Masonry: friendship, brotherly love and morality.”
Some date the Masons back to the days of King Solomon, suggesting the top hat worn by the Worshipful Master is a reflection of their crown. Freemasonry, as it's widely known today, dates back to the 17th Century.
Robert Hall, (left) served as the installing Grand Master for the election of new officers at the Birmingham Masonic Temple.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
Many of the group's so-called ancient rituals began in England and Scotland. A Scottish bagpiper in full kilt dress, for example, led the new officers into the hall at the installation ceremony.The term 'Worshipful' has Scottish roots and is meant to convey a position of honor.
Hall, a longtime resident of Royal Oak, became a Mason in 1985. They served as Worshipful Master twice, in 1997 and in 2007.
“We all have different reasons for joining,” they said. “My father was very active in the Masons. They were a Shriner – and to be a Shriner, you have to be a Mason first.”
Today, the Birmingham Masonic lodge is located at 37357 Woodward Ave. in Bloomfield Hills, just down the street from Cranbrook Schools. The lodge has about 300 members – a sharp decline from 25 years ago, when there were well over 600 members.
Go Blue!
Wilde, 33, is a fourth-generation Birmingham resident. Their family first arrived in Birmingham in 1919. Their grandfather, Gordon Deneau, graduated from Birmingham high in 1941, and their mother Gail Wilde (Deneau) graduated Seaholm in 1970.
They played football at U-M under Coach Lloyd Carr from 2002 through 2005. Some of their teammates included future NFL players such as Chad Henne, Braylon Edwards, Mario Manningham, David Harris and LaMarr Woodley.
Grand Marshall Frank Dascenza declares the officers being installed for 2017. Standing behind them are Matt Wilde (left), and past Masters Carl Censoni, Tom Tabor and Dave Husk.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
They also played on the 2002 lacrosse team at Seaholm that beat Brother Rice in the state finals.
“I actually had more offers to play lacrosse than I had for football. But at the end of the day, I knew I'd be happier playing football at Michigan, said Wilde, an attorney who's pursuing an MBA from the U-M Stephen M. Ross School of Business. Their wife Liz is a social worker at Derby Middle School.
They petitioned to join the Birmingham lodge in 2010, and eventually became interested enough that they earned their three degrees of Masonry. The process took several years to complete before they reached the level of Master.
Their fellow Masons at the lodge elected them to serve as Worshipful Master for the upcoming year, a position that requires them to run the weekly Thursday meetings, preside over the lodge and keep track of the books. Tom Baranowski, who is Senior Warden and second-in-command of the Birmingham lodge, also went to Seaholm, played football there and graduated in 1985.
“A lot of the older members are pretty thrilled because I'm the youngest Master in quite a while,” they said. “So it's a bit symbolic, bringing in a new generation. A lot of the lodges really struggled with membership for the past 20 years, but there seems to be a resurgence of new people wanting to join. We'll have five new guys in January.”
The Masons welcome “all men of quality,” regardless of race, religion or creed. Although Masonry is not a religion, members must have a belief in a Supreme Being.
Tom Baranowski, a 1985 Seaholm graduated, is installed as Senior Warden of Birmingham Lodge No. 44.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
“My father-in-law is from Venezuela and they just joined our lodge,” Wilde said. “You have to be at least 21 and a resident of Michigan. We're not allowed to recruit members, but we're certainly supportive of anyone who's interested in joining.”
Indians, Truman and Irving Berlin
The all-seeing eye above an unfinished pyramid on the one-dollar bill is considered by many to be Mason symbol.
The square and compasses is probably the most identifiable symbol of Freemasonry. The square, to square one's actions; the compass, to circumscribe and keep members within boundaries of their fellow men.
Notable past Masters include Almeron Whitehead, Charles W. Shain, Roy E. Brown and Charles A. Bingham.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
The top hat, worn by the Worshipful Master during meetings, is a sign of respect. The apron worn by all Masons is symbolic of honesty and integrity.
There are more symbols and rituals, but those are for the Masons to keep among themselves.
“We are not a secret society – we are a society that has secrets,” said Hall. “And those secrets, very simply, are means of recognition. They're certain words, handshakes, steps and signs. Those are the only secrets we have … everything else is pretty much public.”
The Birmingham Masonic lodge has a storied history. In 1849, the first Masons in the area met at Lodge No. 22 in Pontiac. According to the lodge scuttlebutt, there were Indians along the trail who were rather hostile toward the traveling parties on horseback.
“This was all wild and undeveloped territory,” Hall said. “White people were trespassing uninvited on Indian property, and they didn't like it.”
The Birmingham lodge was officially granted a charter on Jan. 9, 1851, and a man by the name of William Brown was the first Worshipful Master. The annual dues at the time was 25 cents.
Ebenezer Raynale was the first postmaster of Franklin Village and a delegate to the first territorial convention of Michigan. Hugh McCurdy, born in England in 1829, came to the U.S. when they were 8 years old to become a cooper's apprentice, which involved making barrels for beer or cider.
Alanson Partridge, whose portrait hangs in the entrance vestibule of the lodge, was the most celebrated member of the lodge in its first 100 years, having served as a Worshipful Master on and off from 1854 to 1883.
A portrait of Alanson Partridge hangs in the vestibule lobby at the Birmingham lodge.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
A number of presidents, from Andrew Jackson to Franklin D. Roosevelt to Gerald Ford, were Masons. One of Hall's favorite Masons was Harry S. Truman.
“He was active all their life in Masonry, and would always try to go to the local lodges whenever they traveled around the country,” Hall said. “This drove the Secret Service nuts, because those who were not Masons could not go into the lodge room … they had to let the president go into a room filled with strangers, and they had no idea if they were honorable or not, or if they carried weapons.”
And then there's Harold Lanning. The 90-year-old member sang “God Bless America” during the installation ceremony. Afterward, Lanning told the audience that in October 1946 they shook hands with Irving Berlin, the person who wrote the song.
The heyday of Freemasonry in the U.S. was during the 1940s and early 1950s. Today, there are roughly 2 million Masons in North America and around 5 million worldwide. There's a Grand Lodge in every state of the country. Michigan's is located in Alma.
"Go to the Grand Lodge website to learn more about us," said Wilde. "We're very welcoming."
Grand Marshall Frank Dascenza, center left, introduces the 2017 officers of the Birmingham lodge.
(Photo: Junfu Han | Staff Photographer)
jgrossman@hometownlife.com
586-826-7030
Twitter: @BhmEccentric
The killing labors, constant anxiety and wretched sleeping conditions of slavery no doubt produced chronic fatigue, and yet Jefferson and Cartwright perversely identified exhaustion as the problem and hard work as the cure. Such cures were often administered at the end of a whip. As Frederick Douglass put it in their memoir, "More slaves were whipped for oversleeping than for any other fault." Douglass went as far as to suggest that keeping the enslaved population in a state of constant fatigue was a useful tool in breaking their will. They wrote that, on Sundays, they regularly found themselves "in a beast-like state, between sleep and wake" that made it impossible for them to act on the "flash of energetic freedom [that] would dart through my soul." Sinking back to the ground, they would simply mourn over their "wretched condition."
Coimbatore: An outspoken rationalist was brutally hacked to death by an unidentified gang in Ukkakadam here on Thursday night, sending shockwaves across the textile city.
Police said on Friday, H Farooq, 31, an iron scrap merchant from Bilal Estate in South Ukkadam and a member of Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam (DVK), a breakaway group of the Dravidar Kazhagam (DK), was very vocal in their rationalistic thoughts.
On Thursday, around 11 pm, Farooq had left their house on receiving a phone call in their moped. While nearing the sewage treatment plant near Ukkadam bypass road, the assailants intercepted them in two-wheelers and auto. Sensing trouble Farooq had tried to escape by turning away their moped, but the gangsters hacked them with sickle and knives.
The body of the victim bore multiple stabs and cuts inflicted by the assailants. On hearing the loud noise, the local residents rushed out of their houses and found the victim lying dead in a pool of blood. However, the assailants managed to flee away. Following this the deputy commissioner of police Saravanan inspected the spot and held enquiries.
Police have collected video grabs of CCTV cameras installed in commercial outlets on the stretch to identify the culprits. Police traced the last call to have been made from a SIM obtained by furnishing a fake address in Vellore. Cops are also analyzing the call log in the mobile of Farooq.
Tension prevailed for a short while at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), where a post-mortem was performed on the deceased as members of DVK refused to receive their body demanding that the assailants be arrested. After police promised speedy and impartial action, the relatives took the body for doing the last rites.
As a large number of DVK cadres gathered at the hospital, a heavy posse of police was deployed at the premises to prevent any untoward incidents. Police who are privy to the investigation said that they are probing on certain leads on the brutal murder.
“We are looking into multiple angles and it is yet to be known if they were executed by communal groups, business rivalry or for personal reasons. One of their controversial religious posts shared in FB attracted criticisms. They were also detained recently under Goondas Act in connection with the violence that arose following the murder of Hindu Munnani leader Sasikumar,” said a police official. Meanwhile, four special teams have been formed to nab the offenders and further investigations are on.
Streaks of light from planes landing are shown in this long exposure photograph of the control tower at National Airport. (Photo by Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post) (Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
Oh, those Texans are at it again.
This time it's Rep. Henry Cuellar (D) who is drawing the ire of their counterparts from the District, Maryland and Virginia by seeking a special exception to the rule that limits the distance that flights can travel to and from Reagan National Airport.
It's not necessarily a new fight: National, with its prime location just five miles from the Capitol, has long been the preferred airport for members of Congress. And the region's congressional delegation has grown accustomed to beating back attempts to tinker with the strict rules that govern how many and how far flights can travel to and from the airport.
[NoVa. delegation to Congress: hands off Reagan National]
But the latest salvo comes with a new twist: Instead of tacking it onto a transportation-related spending bill as in previous years, Cuellar offered it as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, a measure to fund the Defense Department.
An airplane takes off from National Airport as Glen Briscoe holds a large umbrella while watching boats come and go at Gravelly Point on Sunday July 09, 2017 in Arlington, VA. (Photo by Matt McClain/The Washington Post) (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
The justification appears to be that establishing such a route would help wounded veterans in need of care at specialized facilities. Members of the Washington-region's delegation, including Sens. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), Tim Kaine (D-Va.) and Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) and Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.), however, see it as an “end-run” around established rules.
“It is not only the nature of the amendment that is unsettling to us — it is deeply troubling that the offerers seek to take unprecedented action to use the NDAA as the vehicle for such controversial changes,” they wrote in a letter to leaders of the House Rules Committee. The group added that a battle over the amendment could complicate passage of the defense funding bill.
Cuellar's amendment would not add a flight. It simply seeks to convert a current “in perimeter” flight to an “outside perimeter” one. It does not specify an airport or route. It refers only to a medium hub, small hub or non-hub airport located: “. . . within 25 miles of a military medical center, an extremity injury and amputee center of excellence, as defined by the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2009, or a traumatic brain injury or burn treatment facility.”
Those familiar with the measure say that facilities in only two regions meet that criteria — one near D.C. and one near San Antonio International Airport.
“It's certainly clever,” said Rep. Don Beyer (D-Va.), noting that while the amendment does have a bipartisan group of co-sponsors, they all happen to be from Texas.
Cuellar did not return requests for comment on the amendment.
National and Dulles International are unique among U.S. airports in that they are the federal government's only commercial airports. While they are operated and managed by the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority (MWAA), Congress can still step in to make changes — and has in the past.
A boy(C) gets an airplane ride from their nanny Celeste Pierrot (L) as their sister plays in Gravelly Point Park as planes land at National Airport in Arlington, Virginia on June 29, 2017. (Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images)
In 1999, an attempt by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) to do away with the perimeter rule all together was killed. But the perimeter has been extended twice — in 1981, when it was extended to 1,000 miles, and in 1986, when it was extended to its current 1,250 miles.
Last year, Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Tex.) offered an amendment in the House Transportation Committee that would have expanded the perimeter to 1,425 miles. Farenthold acknowledged that the expansion they proposed would allow for direct flights to their home town, Corpus Christi, which is 1,384 miles from National.
The attempt failed, but Farenthold good-naturedly warned, “This is an issue about which we'll hear again.”
[House member withdraws bid to add flights at Reagan National]
Texas lawmakers, particularly those from San Antonio, have long been eager to establish direct service from National to their hometown airport but have been thwarted because the airport is 131 miles outside of National's current perimeter.
A transportation issue paper by a group of San Antonio-area chambers of commerce noted that San Antonio is the “largest medium-sized market outside of the perimeter to not have nonstop access to DCA.”
MWAA officials said there is no need to add an additional direct flight to National.
“San Antonio already has several nonstop flights from Dulles International Airport,” an MWAA spokesperson said. “We believe the Reagan National perimeter statute combined with slot controls ensures that communities of all sizes remain economically viable routes for direct service to Reagan National. It is important to note that the addition of flights to San Antonio from Reagan National Airport is a familiar issue for the Airports Authority that has been opposed over the years through vigorous bipartisan efforts spanning jurisdictions inside and outside the perimeter.”
For D.C.-area lawmakers, the fight to maintain the status quo at National has grown more urgent because of concerns about the future of Dulles. In recent years, passenger traffic has lagged at Dulles in part because of changes that have allowed more long-distance flights at National. In 2015, the number of passengers traveling through National surpassed the number using Dulles — an airport more than 10 times larger.
[Dulles struggles to find its footing]
“The impacts of additional modifications to existing law could financially destabilize Dulles International at a time when the airport is still recovering from previous slot and perimeter operations and external economic forces,” the region's lawmakers wrote. They added that there is no direct or indirect cause “to show that changing the Slot or Perimeter rules would improve our national security.”
MWAA also has had to deal with a growing number of noise complaints tied to flights at National. Beyer said the vast majority of calls to their office are about airplane noise.
“No Member of Congress appreciates another representative meddling with the asset in their state or district. We, too, strongly oppose any attempts by other Members to dictate operations at these airports for their own personal convenience at great cost to our communities and constituents,” they wrote.
NEW YORK - Democratic White House hopeful Hillary Clinton cancelled a campaign fundraising trip to California after they fell ill at a 9/11 memorial ceremony Sunday and their doctor revealed they were diagnosed with pneumonia.
US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton waves to the press as they leaf their daughter's apartment building after resting on September 11, 2016, in New York
"Secretary Clinton will not be traveling to California tomorrow or Tuesday," spokesperson Nick Merrill said, hours after the 68-year-old candidate abruptly left the Ground Zero memorial suffering from what their doctor called dehydration.
Clinton, who has maintained a busy schedule over the past six weeks, particularly fundraising, is pausing on the campaign trail in the heat of a tightening race, and just two weeks before they and Republican rival Donald Trump square off in their high-pressure first presidential debate.
The debate around criminals is shifting, and many politicians are now worrying less about sending them into prison than getting them back into society after their sentences are over.
The new governor of Kentucky, a Republican, just overturned an executive order by their Democratic predecessor to restore voting rights for released prisoners who served time for non-violent crimes without an individualized appeal process. This means all convicted felons will appeal to the governor's office to have voting rights restored, although anyone whose voting rights had been restored can keep them.
In signing the executive order, then-Gov. Steve Beshear reasoned that restoring voting rights to a felon whose time in prison is over is not only about restoring rights, but also about proactively offering a path back into society.
"We need to be smarter in our criminal justice system," Mr. Bashear said as they announced the executive order, according to Reuters. "Research shows that ex-felons who vote are less likely to commit new crime and return to prison. That's because if you vote, you tend to be more engaged in society."
The quick flip-flop in just a couple of months underscores the tense debate surrounding criminal justice reform. Once a person has served their or their time and paid back the debt to society, when and how can they begin transitioning back into it?
"Most people would say that No. 1 is protecting the public, No. 2 is protecting employees, and the No. 3 goal is to protect offenders. But if you reduce recidivism you are accomplishing all those goals," Justin Jones, director of the Oklahoma Department of Corrections, said in a 2011 Pew Report about how rehabilitation efforts contributed to reduced recidivism.
Only four other states prevent prisoners released after prison time for non-violent crimes from voting, so the move by new Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin goes against a trend that both parties have shown an interest in. Sen. Rand Paul (R), also from Kentucky, backed the Civil Rights Voting Restoration Act of 2015, which would restore voting rights for non-violent offenders.
For their part, Mr. Bevin's objections to the former governor's move may have been a matter of means rather than of ends, reports John Cheves for the Lexington Herald-Leader.
"While I have been a vocal supporter of the restoration of rights, it is an issue that must be addressed through the legislature and by the will of the people," Bevin said in a prepared statement, according to the Lexington Herald-Leader.
Some anticipated that politics might affect the issue when Beshear issued the executive order in November, as The Christian Science Monitor reported at the time:
It is unclear if Kentucky will retain Beshear's executive order after Mr. Bevin takes office. Bevin has expressed support for former convicts' voting rights, but may be swayed by criticism from fellow Republicans that the change came via executive order, rather than the state legislature, where similar bills have died several times. For their part, Beshear claims that the state constitution gives them the right to act.
Democratic leaders have said they will keep trying to move the issue through the legislature to follow the national trend.
"I am extremely disappointed with the executive order on felon voting rights, which to me goes against promises Governor Bevin made during their campaign," Kentucky Rep. Darryl Owens (D) told the Lexington Herald-Leader. "I will continue championing the amendment that will give voters a chance to put Kentucky in line with the vast majority of states on this issue."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The new governor disagreed with their predecessor's views on executive orders, but their statement when they overturned the order seemed to express friendliness toward the issue of restoring voting rights to felons overall. Time will tell whether they are willing to provide political leadership to that effect.
This report contains material from the Associated Press.
Prepare for four years of non-stop assault on public lands and wildlife.
By Jimmy Tobias
A dam spans the Columbia River near Umatilla, Oregon.. (Photo: Jeff T. Green/Getty Images)
If Washington, D.C., is a swamp, as Donald Trump likes to say, then Doug Domenech and David Bernhardt are some of the swamp's most-seasoned serpents.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Consummate Republican operatives with close ties to Big Oil and other extractive industries, both Domenech and Bernhardt are leading players in the Trump team's Department of the Interior transition. They're the guys helping the president-elect staff a bureaucracy that manages 500 million acres of federal land, implements the Endangered Species Act, runs the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and controls key oil and gas leasing programs, among other duties. And their ascension is an ugly omen for this country's public lands and wildlife.
Bernhardt, for their part, has a long history as a right-wing influence peddler. Before sidling up to Trump, they spent eight years as a lawyer and lobbyist at the powerhouse firm Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck. During their time there, according to federal disclosure forms, Bernhardt represented Samson Resources, an oil and gas developer in the American West. They lobbied on behalf of Rosemont Copper, a proposed open pit mine on national forest land in Arizona. And they represented wind developers, Vail Resorts, and California's Westlands Water District, which is a determined foe of the Endangered Species Act.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In the George W. Bush era, Bernhardt was a high-level official in the Interior, where they had a mixed record. On one hand, they presided over the federal protection of the polar bear, flawed though it was. And on the other, they helped craft rules that exempted carbon emissions from regulatory authority.
Bernhardt was brought in first to lead Trump's Interior transition. Recently, though, as the incoming administration tried to distance itself from lobbyists, it was announced that Domenech had taken over. It is unclear what role, if any, Bernhardt still has. The Trump team did not provide comment.
Like Bernhardt, Domenech served in the Bush administration. Like Bernhardt, they were part of an Interior leadership team that was cozy with fossil fuel interests and plagued by ethics scandals. Domenech was even tangentially involved in the Jack Abramoff corruption affair, as the Denver Post has reported. More recently, they became the director of the Texas Public Policy Foundation's “Fueling Freedom” project, which seeks to explain “the forgotten moral case for fossil fuels.”
Washington lobbyist Jack Abramoff leaves court after being released on bail on August 12th, 2005m in Los Angeles, California. (Photo: David McNew/Getty Images)
“Elections have consequences,” Domenech wrote in a November 17th blog post for the organization, “and, in this case, Americans just rejected the ‘keep it in the ground' extremism espoused by those whose only operating focus is their view that CO2 is a pollutant and climate change is real.”
Needless to say, the empowerment of people like Domenech and Bernhardt, combined with Trump's list of candidates for the Secretary of the Interior slot, has made the enemies of conservation downright giddy. The Western Energy Alliance, a trade group that represents public lands oil and gas developers, has described itself as “overjoyed.” The National Mining Association, meanwhile, called Trump's election “a new beginning.” As Interior falls into the hands of industry advocates and right-wing ideologues, those who care about public lands and wildlife should prepare to fight on at least four fronts.
The Corrosion of Conservation Law
For years, GOP hardliners have sought to undermine the Endangered Species Act, the Antiquities Act, and the National Environmental Policy Act, among other laws. The White House or the Senate has blocked these efforts in the past, but now the safeguards are largely gone. Watch as legislators like Rob Bishop in the House of Representatives attempt to remove federal protections for specific species, such as the greater sage grouse. Watch as lawmakers try to revoke the executive branch's ability to name new national monuments. And watch for bureaucratic tampering — the type of Endangered Species Act sabotage that occurred in Bush's Interior, for example, will likely come into vogue once more.
Fossil Fuels on Federal Land
Trump is a loyal ally of Big Oil, and the industry knows it. “We anticipate good policies moving forward such as the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, liquefied natural gas exports and energy projects on non-park, non-wilderness federal lands,” the Western Energy Alliance announced in a post-election press release. Trump will undoubtedly do their best to make those “good policies” a reality.
Environmentalists, meanwhile, are already preparing for renewed attempts to open up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling. And, given the disturbing alliance of white nationalists and fossil fuel interests taking shape within the Trump administration, we can expect to see increased crackdowns on frontline communities, especially communities of color, that are resisting extreme extraction and its assorted effects. For a vision of the future, look no further than the North Dakota political establishment's authoritarian response to the non-violent #NoDAPL movement.
A Revitalized Land Transfer Campaign
The land transfer scheme wants to put hundreds of millions of publicly owned acres into the hands of GOP-controlled state governments. Backed by fossil fuel interests and libertarian politicians, it seeks to rob the American people of their rightful stake in most federal lands. And now, as Trump rises to power, it can expect to have sympathizers, if not full-fledged supporters, at the highest level of government.
One of the country's leading land transfer groups, the American Lands Council, hailed Trump's triumph in a recent email to supporters, noting that Republican victories this year “are especially relevant to us because the Republican National Committee adopted Transfer of Public Lands … into the national platform at their 2016 summer convention.” Whether through litigation or legislation, it's likely that the GOP will now try to turn that platform into law. In order to block land transfer, conservationists should be ready to put unstinting pressure on senators who hail from states where public lands are popular, like Cory Gardner of Colorado and Steve Daines of Montana.
Militarization of Public Lands Along the Nation's Borders
Trump made “border security” a centerpiece of their campaign rhetoric. Of course, due to drone surveillance, walls, highway checkpoints, and the like, the United States-Mexico border has already been “secured” beyond recognition. And the Canadian border is inching toward the same fate. But no matter — the call is for bigger walls, more surveillance, and a larger law enforcement presence. Lucky for anti-conservationists in Congress, such policies are a ready-made way to roll back environmental protections in the name of national security. Republicans that sit on the House Committee on Natural Resources, for example, have proposed violating the Wilderness Act in order to set up surveillance towers and use off-road vehicles on protected public lands in Arizona. In the Trump administration, that proposal and others like it will have a champion.
Land and wildlife advocates suddenly find themselves in a defensive stance, it's true, but the upside is this: The next four years will bring new collaboration and creative coalition building. Border militarization, for instance, should unite conservationists, groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, and tribes like the Tohono O'odham Nation in a powerful oppositional alliance. Efforts to rollback protections for the greater sage grouse and other dwindling species in oil and gas country should spark closer coordination between the anti-extinction movement and climate campaigners. If Congress attempts to transfer federal lands to state ownership, then hikers, bikers, campers, climbers, hunters, anglers, and outdoor retailers, among others, should be ready to put aside their many differences and march on Washington.
Unity and vigilance are the way forward and, fortunately, this country's public lands and abundant wildlife command the loyalty and respect of many millions. Our lands and our wildlife embody public wealth, public beauty, and public good. They are not the private piggy bank of oil developers and mining firms. And they are not the property of state governments. They belong to all Americans, regardless of race, class, age, or ideology. And, whether in the courts, on the streets or around the dinner table, we must defend them.
On Twitter, Senator Martin Heinrich of New Mexico put it well: “Any [administration] that tries to reverse 100-year history of #PublicLands that belong to every American, is going to have to do it over my dead body.” Indeed.
President Donald Trump's inaugural committee raised an unprecedented $107m for their inauguration ceremony, and promised to give leftover funds to charity. They haven't.
Seven months after the event, Mr Trump's private Presidential Inaugural Committee has yet to donate any of its historic fundraising take to charity, according to the Associated Press.
Tom Barrack, chairperson of the private Presidential Inaugural Committee, said in a statement that the donations would come at the end of November, when the committee publicly disclosed its financial details.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Leaders of previous inaugurations, however, told the AP that they started giving money away within three months of Inauguration Day.
“The thing about inaugural expenses, they're not complicated,” said Steve Kerrigan, head of President Barack Obama's 2013 inaugural committee. “You take money in, you pay it out, and then you know what you're left with when it's done.”
Mr Trump's inauguration ceremonies came under scrutiny last year, when it was revealed that they would not be capping the size of individual donations. Mr Obama and President George W Bush both limited the size of individual and corporate donations.
Mr Trump capped their corporate donations at $1m, and did not limit individual donations. They received as much as $5m from a single donor. Their total haul was nearly twice that of Mr Obama's in 2009.
To assuage concerns about the fundraising take, the administration promised to host a modest event and donate extra funds to charity. But so far, no money has gone to charity. It has, however, gone toward renovating the White House and Naval Observatory, according to a spokesperson for first lady Melania Trump.
According to vendors, donors and Trump associates interviewed by the AP, the administration lost control of the inaugural budget due to a lack of experience and an inordinate focus on optics.
Trump associates and people in the events industry said the committee got a late start, guaranteeing the work would be rushed and costly. The committee also failed to hire employees with past inauguration planning experience.
Finally, the committee focused too much on ensuring TV quality production – even for events that would not be televised. One person who worked on the inauguration said broadcasting costs were “what threw the budgets out the window”.
In a statement to the AP, Mr Barrack claimed the committee's eventual donations to charity would “surely will exceed any previous inauguration”.
The President's historic fundraising take, they said, was "a tribute to the generosity of the American people and their excitement to ‘make America great again'.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Chad Grimm is a 33-year-old health club manager running a long-shot campaign as the Libertarian candidate for governor of Illinois.
But their single-digit support could be the deciding factor.
“The polling is very close,” Christopher Mooney, the director of the Institute of Government and Public Affairs at the University of Illinois, Springfield told FoxNews.com. “So somebody who is pulling 5, 6 percent, it looks like they could have a big impact.”
No one is disputing the fact that Grimm is a -- very -- long-shot candidate. But he's pulling enough support to affect the standing of the front-runners.
Recent polls show the two major party candidates, Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn and Republican challenger Bruce Rauner, in a tight race. The Real Clear Politics average of polls shows Quinn recently taking a slight lead. The Rothenberg Political Report rates the race as a “toss up/tilt Republican.”
This has opened the door for Grimm to play spoiler. A recent Chicago Tribune Poll had them capturing 5 percent of the vote -- votes which the Tribune notes likely would have gone to Rauner had Grimm not been a contender. Another poll had them capturing 6 percent.
Grimm told FoxNews.com they are not looking to be a spoiler, he's looking to win. They said that after dabbling in everything from acting in Los Angeles to owning health clubs in Illinois, they have found their true passion in the Libertarian movement. They say they will work to eliminate the state income tax, end Illinois' “war on guns” and bring “common sense solutions” to the state's problems.
“I wanted to give Illinois the chance to, for once, to vote for a politician that is not bought and paid for,” they said.
But Grimm's potential to be a spoiler captured the attention of Illinois Republicans, who launched a legal battle to get them removed from the ballot.
According to the Associated Press, attorneys for the state GOP argued that thousands of signatures that qualified Grimm for the ballot were invalid.
However, a state judge ruled last month Grimm could stay on the ballot -- a decision the Quinn campaign praised as only fair to the voters.
“There is no place in Illinois for voter intimidation,” spokesperson Leslie Wertheimer told FoxNews.com.
A request for comment from the Rauner campaign was not returned.
Grimm told FoxNews.com it is clear that the Republicans “didn't want what they saw as competition.” Though they said their number one goal is winning, their number two goal is garnering a solid percentage of votes. They said they hope this will lead to better ballot access for third-party candidates and greater legitimacy for the Libertarian party.
“Five percent is a victory for the state,” they said. “Five percent is a great step forward.”
Mooney told FoxNews.com that any success Grimm may have will be indicative of Illinois voters' displeasure with Rauner and Quinn.
“[Grimm is] the beneficiary of a lot of negative advertising from both candidates,” they said. “Both candidates are emphasizing the negatives about each other and not a lot of positives… because neither of them have a lot of positives to say.”
They added: “He's basically the none-of-the-above alternative.”
0 Local man holds suspected burglar at gunpoint, stops possible crime spree
NEW CASTLE - A New Castle man who had their home broken into twice in just 10 days took matters into their own hands, potentially stopping a community crime spree.
Just before Thanksgiving, Chester Flamino said their garage on Virginia Avenue was burglarized.
“I was not going to lose another item,” they said.
To combat any future break-ins, Flamino said they got an alarm system installed, and just 10 days later – this past Sunday – at 4:30 a.m., the alarm went off.
“I did rush to my garage and saw an individual run out. I ordered them to stop. They kept going. I fired a shot into the air with my pistol,” said Flamino.
While the man was able to get away, Flamino said they saw what they believed to be the getaway car and ordered the driver out at gunpoint.
“There was an adrenaline rush, and yes, I was nervous. Thoughts were going through my mind: ‘What happens if the guy tries to run me over? What if they pull a gun?'” said Flamino.
Officers arrested that man, Adrian Holmes, 18, and later arrested a teenage accomplice.
Investigators were also able to recover stolen items that they believe were taken in four garage and car break-ins in New Castle over the last couple of weeks.
“We found numerous valuables, which included guns, different types of bows, arrows, GPS, jewelry,” said New Castle Police Lt. David Cumo.
Flamino said they are now prepared should any burglars return.
“I am not one to be burglarized more than once,” they said.
While Ixalan spoilers keep rolling out, I'm waiting with bated breath to analyze the new cards until I see some more Pirates and Dinosaurs. While cleaning out my suitcase from my trip to Grand Prix DC, I immediately sat down at my kitchen table to sort through my entire collection of Standard cards, and enthusiastically removed every card that rotates out with Ixalan from my Standard box, relegating all of my Eldrazi and Archangel Avacyns and Gideon, Ally of Zendikars to their own box in my closet, likely never to be seen again.
While looking through my collection, I couldn't help but reevaluate some of the cards that I think will gain some traction in a smaller Standard format. They are cards that never got a chance to shine, or got pushed out for better cards as new sets entered Standard.
With all the bannings, and a big rotation, it's important to go back and revisit the cards that just didn't quite pan out in Standard, or that didn't have as big of an impact as we may have thought.
The following 10 cards will gain value competing in a smaller Standard format and have potential to see play again, or in some cases for the first time.
10) Drake Haven
Now I've said it before, Drake Haven is either hit or miss. You'll either see this card create an entire archetype, or you won't see it at all.
When this card was first spoiled in Amonkhet, I was excited to start building around it. Drake Haven offers a build-around option for cycling that was always outmatched by the power of the rest of the format with cards like Aetherworks Marvel around. If the format becomes slower and grindier, Drake Haven may have a place to shine in the metagame.
The aggressive decks may have slowed down enough thanks to losing half of the sets in Standard that it's possible Drake Haven could be a reasonable deck to build. We don't get more cycling cards, but we get the same deck in a weaker overall metagame.
One thing working against Drake Haven is that the decks built with Drake Haven kind of look like Approach the Second Suns decks, with a ton of cycling and card draw. Drake Haven is a bit more proactive, and can play offense against planeswalkers and defense against creatures earlier in the game, whereas Approach can't. Drake Haven can also get underneath 3-mana counterspells, whereas Approach the Second Suns always has trouble against even a single counterspell because it's a 7-mana sorcery.
I think Drake Haven may be worth trying again after rotation, but my confidence level isn't extremely high it will work out.
9) Herald of Anguish
Herald of Anguish was always an impressive card that couldn't find a good spot. To improvise mechanic was a bit of a failure for Standard, and while it was played in fringe decks, Herald of Anguish didn't have enough support from artifacts to be considered in most black decks. I remember that in the times I did play against improvise decks, this was generally the only card I was ever scared of.
Herald of Anguish has a couple of things going for it in Ixalan Standard, however. First of all, it has 5 toughness. With Chandra, Torch of Defiance and Glorybringer sure to see an uptick in play, 5 toughness is the sweet spot for all of the opponent's red removal, as I think red will likely be the best color in Standard moving forward.
The new Treasure token mechanic is also a way to put artifacts into play that can both fuel the Herald of Anguish's activated ability and make Herald cheaper to cast. While I do think you would need to see a couple of solid cards that create Treasure to push Herald of Anguish into a tier 1 deck, if you do happen to see that in the rest of Ixalan, I'd be excited to build around this Demon or anything with improvise.
So far I don't see enough for Herald of Anguish to push itself into Standard playability, but we're only one or two good cards away.
8) Glory-Bound Initiate
Glory-Bound Initiate is a solid, aggressive creature from Amonkhet that only saw fringe play in Standard. White is getting hit hard with the loss of Gideon, Ally of Zendikar and Archangel Avacyn, and needs to look elsewhere to make up for its losses.
The ability to turn into a lifelinking creature can swing races dramatically against a deck like Mono-Red, a deck that doesn't lose many cards at all, so Glory-Bound Initiate may be an important piece of the puzzle in reshaping how white plays in Ixalan Standard.
My guess is that white will look to Vehicles, and 3-powered creatures are the go-to creatures to crew Heart of Kiran, and Glory-Bound Initiate fits the bill perfectly.
7) Metallic Mimic
Metallic Mimic has always been unimpressive, but the fact we're getting Vampires, Merfolk, and Pirates as relevant creature types that may need lords to push them into playability means that Metallic Mimic may have a chance to help create an archetype with any of these tribes moving forward. I guess we have Dinosaurs too, but my guess is they're too big and too expensive to get anything out of a Metallic Mimic.
It's very likely not all of these tribes are top-tier Standard decks, but as we saw with Zombies, one of them may turn out to be a top contender, and in all likelihood, Metallic Mimic plays a small role in any of those decks.
6) Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh
Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh had a lot of hype coming out of Hour of Devastation, but we didn't see them much. While I still don't think Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh is quite going to live up to its hype, the format may be a little better suited for them moving forward.
U/R Control splashing Nicol Bolas was where you most often saw the God-Pharaoh, but it was sort of an unnecessary addition to the deck as a win condition outside of Torrential Gearhulk. You had Wandering Fumarole in a pinch to close out games after you took full control, and didn't really need ways to win the game outside of that Gearhulk. Without creaturelands to back you up, decks like U/R control that don't lose many cards at all might look to Nicol Bolas, God Pharaoh for that plan B.
While Nicol Bolas, God-Pharaoh is an extremely powerful card, it also competes with other win conditions such as The Scarab God, a card we now know is for real after a GP Turin win from Robin Dolar.
Lastly, don't forget that we may not have seen all of the cards that produce Treasure yet, and if there are more options for control decks, more expensive spells get more playable when they cost 1 less mana.
5) Refurbish
So maybe I'm a bit biased with my love for the God-Pharaoh's Gift, but the U/W God-Pharaoh's Gift deck didn't lose much at all, while the U/R Gift deck lost the reason for its existence: Insolent Neonate.
Refurbish will be the direction to move once again, with God-Pharaoh's Gift decks only really losing Thraben Inspector which, while good, is replaceable.
The one issue holding this archetype back is all of the additional graveyard hate that has been rolling out, including Sentinel Totem—yet another way to exile your entire graveyard.
While this archetype may have success at some point, it could wax and wane in popularity depending on how heavily the deck is hated out at any given time. I am definitely looking forward to repairing and making improvements to this archetype though.
4) Rishkar, Peema Renegade
When Rishkar, Peema Renegade was first spoiled alongside Winding Constrictor, my eyes bulged—a turn 2 into turn 3 curves that put 8 power on the battlefield. Rishkar, Peema Renegade had the problem of competing with Nissa, Voice of Zendikar, and Tireless Tracker, however. Both of these green 3-drops went very well with Winding Constrictor. As time went on, we saw less and less of Rishkar.
With the rotation of both Nissa and Tireless Tracker, you're much more likely to see Rishkar, Peema Renegade teaming back up with their old pal Winding Constrictor, and I think you'll see Rishkar in larger numbers in B/G Energy builds moving forward, a deck that definitely still has legs.
3) Angel of Sanctions
Angel of Sanctions is definitely a great Magic card, but it always had one thing working against it, and that was competing with the baddest Angel on the block, Archangel Avacyn. Archangel Avacyn was quietly one of the best cards in Standard since it was printed, while Gideon, Ally of Zendikar took all the credit for their hard work.
Something is going to need to fill Archangel Avacyn's wings, and Angel of Sanction has a chance to play that role as a dominant, white 5-drop. Angel of Sanctions' biggest problem is how poorly it lines up against cards like Glorybringer and Chandra, Torch of Defiance, but I think the card is good enough to overcome those problems and see some play in top tier Standard decks.
2) Veteran Motorist
As we just saw in DC, Mardu Vehicles is still a force to be reckoned with. Matt Severa did what Matt Severa does—he took down the Grand Prix with Mardu Vehicles, a deck that had lost a lot of popularity in the wake of Mono-Red's rise.
With the loss of Thraben Inspector, Gideon, Ally of Zendikar, and Archangel Avacyn, it may seem like Mardu Vehicles will go the way of the dinosaur and suffer extinction from the format. But I think Vehicles decks will lean more on cards like Veteran Motorist and perhaps Depala, Pilot Exemplar, and shape itself more into an R/W aggressive deck.
1) Gideon of the Trials
Gideon of the Trials never had a fair shake. Gideon, Ally of Zendikar is one of the best Standard planeswalkers in history, and Gideon of the Trials had to wait until Gideon, Ally of Zendikar finally rotated to get a chance to see play. The kicker is that the planeswalker rule is also changing so that multiple Gideons can now be in play at the same time.
The good news is that Gideon of the Trials is a very playable, aggressive planeswalker that fits nicely into an R/W Vehicles deck. Gideon of the Trials can play offense and defense, and curves nicely after a Heart of Kiran. I can imagine a curve of Toolcraft Exemplar, Heart of Kiran, Gideon of the Trials, and Chandra, Torch of Defiance.
I highly suspect Gideon of the Trials will see Standard play now that their big brother has left for greener pastures. I would pick up a playset while they're cheap… if I didn't already when they weren't.
We still have a ton left to see in Ixalan that could change the whole landscape of Standard as we know it. I really enjoy looking through my collection of all of the legal Standard cards to see which of them may have gotten better within the contexts of the new format, especially with blocks as powerful as Battle for Zendikar and Shadows over Innistrad rotating out.
Is there a card you think that should be revisited when Standard rotates? Let me know below what I missed!
Buy Photo Fans were able to enjoy a brew during the Eastern Michigan-Ball State game. (Photo: Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
An Eastern Michigan official called the one-game test of beer sales at Rynearson Stadium a success, even though it lost about $3,000.
"Yes, the pilot was a success in the fact that it did everything we could have hoped for," Greg Steiner, assistant athletics director for media relations, told the school's Eastern Echo.
The paper reported selling 559 cups of beer in the beer patio at last Saturday's football game against Ball State, grossing about $4,000.
Steiner said the school paid just $878 for the beer but incurred costs of about $7,000 for things such as extra security. There were no known disturbances due to the alcohol consumption.
• Related: Follow Schrader's sports oddities in the Ticker
"Because it was a pilot program, profit is difficult to calculate, as we had to rent a lot of the items that were required (to) set up the area," Steiner told the Echo. "If we move forward with it in the future, the cost associated with it would be different, as some of the items would be looked at for purchase rather than rental."
But now EMU will assess the test program before deciding whether there will be more rounds of beer sales at football games.
"We will not be selling for Army this weekend, and we are not anticipating selling at any other games this season," Steiner said.
Contact Steve Schrader: sschrader@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @schradz.
The only bad news coming out of Barcelona's series-clinching 3-2 loss to Bayern Munich was the status of Luis Suárez.
The Uruguayan striker, who had a wonderful first half in which they assisted both Barça goals, was surprisingly substituted by Pedro Rodríguez at halftime, which raised a few questions about their condition. At the time, many thought that Luis Enrique just wanted to give minutes to Pedro since the tie was basically over with the then 2-1 lead for the Blaugrana, but now there's a few more info on Luisito.
Suárez sustained a mild hamstring strain during a sprint in the end of the first half. They comunicated the problem to the training staff, who then passed the message to Enrique, who finally decided to preserve Suárez's health with the final two matches of La Liga and the UEFA Champions League Final in mind.
As of right now, Luisito will be listed as doubtful for the next game, against Atlético Madrid on Sunday afternoon. But given the time between the two matches, the feeling is that Suárez will complete their rehab in time and be fully available for selection against Atleti.
We will continue to update this story as more information become available.
Liverpool will have to continue their pursuit of Champions League qualification and the FA Cup without Daniel Agger after the influential defender fractured a rib in the Carling Cup final defeat of Cardiff City.
Agger has withdrawn from the Denmark squad to face Russia in a friendly on Wednesday and could be out for the next four weeks with the injury that forced their substitution in the 86th minute of Sunday's win at Wembley. Liverpool have not placed a timescale on the 27-year-old's recovery as they wait to discover the full extent of the problem. The club is also awaiting an assessment on Glen Johnson's fitness after they withdrew from the England squad and they may miss Saturday's visit of Arsenal to Anfield.
The Denmark international suffered a similar injury earlier in the season at Tottenham Hotspur and it was four weeks before they returned to the Liverpool squad, five before they played for Dalglish's team again. Another four-week recovery period would rule the defender out of Premier League games against Arsenal, Sunderland and Everton – with the Merseyside derby at Anfield having been rearranged for Tuesday, 13 March following its postponement due to the Carling Cup final – plus the FA Cup quarter-final with Stoke City on 18 March.
Jamie Carragher replaced Agger at Wembley and, though Liverpool have their experienced vice-captain available for a demanding spell, it is a setback to Dalglish that their first-choice central defensive pairing has been disrupted. Agger and Martin Skrtel have formed an outstanding partnership this season in a defence that has conceded just 23 goals in 25 Premier Leagues games – only league leaders Manchester City have a better defensive record.
The Liverpool director of football, Damien Comolli, has claimed the Carling Cup victory will help lure "big players" to Anfield this summer, with Europa League qualification assured by Sunday's result but secondary to the ambition of returning to the Champions League next season.
"We already know there are big players who want to join us because they believe in the project and what Kenny and the club are trying to do," said Comolli. "The fact we are playing in Europe and have won a trophy are all positive things. There is a positive vibe around the club around Europe."
Comolli also believes that Liverpool have the structure in place to fulfil Dalglish's post-final wish for sustained success. They added: "The final was a bit of a lottery because you can score a penalty or miss a penalty and you are a hero or a zero, which is unfair. It is overall you judge the performance of the club and the progress – not just the penalty which goes in or out.
"What you want is a progression and I think for the last 12-14 months we are showing progression everywhere on and off the pitch in terms of squad structure, the players Kenny has to choose from, the young players the academy is producing and who are coming through."
To truly engage other human beings and create meaningful connections, we need to silence our inner voices and be fully present — and being more mindful can help. This requires discipline to stay on task — not letting yourself be affected by nagging challenges or distracted by mental chatter. And it requires skill to have the mental ability to stay laser focused and present. As a leader, your role can be simply to create the safe space for people to air their frustrations and process their problems. Through mindful presence, you become the container in which they have space to process the issue, without you stepping in to solve, fix, manipulate, or control the situation.
Joed Barallas/EyeEm/Getty Images
Some years ago, we worked with a director of a multinational pharma company who'd been receiving poor grades for engagement and leadership effectiveness. Although they tried to change, nothing seemed to work. As their frustration grew, they started tracking the time they spent with each of their direct reports — and every time they received bad feedback, they pulled out their data and exclaimed, ”But look how much time I spend with everyone!”
Things improved when they began a daily 10-minute mindfulness practice. After a couple of months, people found them more engaging, nicer to work with, and more inspiring. They were surprised and elated by the results. The real surprise? When they pulled out their time-tracking spreadsheet, they saw that they were spending, on average, 21% less time with their people.
The difference? They were actually there.
They came to understand that, even though they were in the same room with someone, they aren't always fully present. They let themselves become preoccupied with other activities or let their mind drift to other things. And, most of all, he'd listen to their inner voice when someone was talking. Because of their lack of presence, people felt unheard and frustrated.
Our inner voices are the commentaries we lend to our experiences. They often say things like, “I wish they would stop talking.” Or, “I know what she's going to say next.” Or, “I've heard this all before.” Or, “I wonder if Joe has responded to my text.”
To truly engage other human beings and create meaningful connections, we need to silence our inner voices and be fully present — and being more mindful can help.
As part of the research for our forthcoming book, The Mind of the Leader, we surveyed more than 1,000 leaders who indicated that a more mindful presence is the optimal strategy to engage their people, create better connections, and improve performance.
Other research bears this out. In a survey of 2,000 employees, Bain & Company found that among 33 leadership traits — including creating compelling objectives, expressing ideas clearly, and being receptive to input — the ability to be mindfully present (also called centeredness) is the most essential of all.
Research also suggests that there's a direct correlation between leaders' mindfulness and the well-being and performance of their people. In other words, the more a leader is present with their people, the better they will perform.
Based on our work, here are some tips and strategies that may help in your quest to be more present in your daily life.
Be Here Now
Like all CEOs, Dominic Barton, global managing director of McKinsey & Company, has a daily schedule of back-to-back meetings. All of these meetings are important, all include complex information, and most require far-reaching decisions. Under these conditions, being present moment to moment, meeting after meeting, is a challenge. But in Barton's experience, presence is not a choice. It's a necessity.
“When I'm with people during the day, I'm doing my best to be focused, I'm present with them,” they told us. “Part of this is because I get energy from being with people. But the other part is because if you're not focused, if you're not present, it's discouraging to the other people. They lose motivation. If you're not present, I think you may as well not have the meeting. It can sometimes be difficult to do, but it's always important.”
The person in front of you does not know what you were dealing with a moment ago, nor should they. It's your responsibility to show up and be fully present to effectively use the limited time you have with each person you meet.
Barton believes being mindfully present requires discipline and skill. It takes discipline to stay on task, not letting yourself be affected by nagging challenges or distracted by mental chatter. And it requires skill to have the mental ability to stay laser focused and present. When he's present throughout their day, they find it deeply gratifying. Being present becomes the cornerstone to getting the most out of every moment with each person.
Plan for Presence
In their decade as CEO of Campbell Soup Company, Doug Conant developed rituals for physically and psychologically connecting with people at all levels in the company, which they called touchpoints.
Every morning, Conant allocated a good chunk of their time to walking around the plant, greeting people, and getting to know them. They would memorize their names and the names of their family members. They would take a genuine interest in their lives. They also handwrote letters of gratitude to recognize extraordinary efforts. And when people in the company were having tough times, they wrote them personal messages of encouragement. During their tenure, they sent more than 30,000 such letters.
To Conant, these behaviors were not just strategies to enhance productivity; they were heartfelt efforts to support their people.
Do Less, Be More
Gabrielle Thompson, senior vice president at Cisco, has found that when an employee comes to them with a challenge, sometimes it needs a simple solution. But often, the problem just needs to be heard. “Many situations simply need an ear, not action. Oftentimes, problems don't need solutions — they need presence and time,” they say. As leaders, having the ability to be fully present and listen with an open mind is often the most powerful way to solve issues.
As a leader, your role can be simply to create the safe space for people to air their frustrations and process their problems. Through mindful presence, you become the container in which they have space to process the issue, without you stepping in to solve, fix, manipulate, or control the situation. Presence in itself can help resolve the issue. This kind of presence not only solves the problem but also creates greater connection and engagement.
Embodied Presence
Loren Shuster, chief people officer at the Lego group, explained that when they have very important meetings or presentations, they take five minutes to ground themselves in their body. They visualize coming fully alive in each cell of their body. As they explained to us, “When you're not grounded, when you're not connected to your body and surrounding environment, you don't have a strong sense of direction or purpose. You're just floating. The smallest thing can distract you. This grounding technique helps me clear my mind, recharge my energy, strengthen my instincts, and calm my emotions.”
After this five-minute practice, they walk differently, they talk differently. With more gravitas. With more weight. With more vigor. And as a result, he's able to be more fully present mentally and physically with those around him. It grounds them in the room like a rock.
When we have embodied presence, our posture shifts. Rather than slouching, crossing our arms, and literally closing in on ourselves, we assume a more balanced, uplifted, open, and inclusive posture. This includes sitting up straight, with our arms open.
This shift in posture can influence how we think, behave, and communicate. In the same way that we can catalyze qualities like confidence through assuming a bold posture, we can induce qualities like awareness, focus, inclusion, and compassion through an uplifted, dignified posture.
The act of sitting up and opening up has a positive effect on the chemistry of our brains. It cultivates our capacity for higher-functioning thought processes. It gives us access to wisdom that comes from heightened awareness, compassion that comes from increased openness, and confidence that comes from the strength of vertical alignment.
CANTON, Ohio -- It was easy to tell when Larry Allen was excited during a game.
They would raise their right arm and pump it up and down after a long gain.
The crowd noticed, but Allen said they never really caught the reaction.
“I don't think the crowd knew what that meant,” Allen said. “Whenever I did that, that was to Sean Payton because I wanted them to run the same play over again. So if I did something good on that play, I'd do that and he'd run the same play.”
John Madden has said Allen is one of the three best guards to ever play, along with John Hannah and Gene Upshaw. Bill Parcells had Allen with Hannah and Mike Munchak as one of the three best.
The reason? Theirs strength.
“I'd punch them, two-handed punch, pass protection,” Allen said.
They learned it from Hudson Houck, their line coach when the Cowboys drafted them in 1994.
“I think they have four Hall of Famers he's coached,” Allen said. “Players they coached played in over 100 Pro Bowls, so he's a great coach.”
The term incident has special meanings in different industries. In the banking and financial areas, it's very specific and involves something that includes the loss of money. You wouldn't want to call a hacker attempt an incident if you were involved in a bank network because this terminology would automatically trigger an entirely different type of investigation. Still, as you study for core security certifications, you will need to learn the proper procedure for documenting and responding to a security breach.
The next five sections of this article deal with the phases of a typical incident response process. The steps are generic in this example. Each organization will have a specific set of procedures, however, that will generally map to these steps.
NOTE: An important concept to keep in mind when working with incidents is the chain of custody, which covers how evidence is secured, where it is stored, and who has access to it. When you begin to collect evidence, you must keep track of that evidence at all times and show who has it, who has seen it, and where it has been. The evidence must always be within your custody, or you're open to dispute about whether it has been tampered with. It is highly recommended that a log book be used to document every access and visuals (pictures and video) recorded to show how the evidence is secured.
Step One: Identifying the Incident
Incident identification is the first step in determining what has occurred in your organization. An internal or external attack may have been part of a larger attack that has just surfaced, or it may be a random probe or scan of your network. An event is signaled by a trigger from your Intrusion Detection System, or IDS. Operations personnel will determine whether an event becomes an incident. An easy way to think of the two is that an event is anything that happens, while an incident is any event that endangers a system or network.
Figure One: For the purposes of this discussion, assume that you find physical evidence suggesting someone may have stolen equipment as your step one.
Many IDS-es trigger false positives when reporting incidents. False positives are events that aren't really incidents. Remember that an IDS is based on established rules of acceptance (deviations from which are known as anomalies) and attack signatures. If the rules aren't set up properly, normal traffic may set off the analyzer and generate an event. Be sure to double-check your results because you don't want to declare a false emergency.
One problem that can occur with manual network monitoring is overload. Over time, a slow attack may develop that increases in intensity. Manual processes typically will adapt, and they may not notice the attack until it's too late to stop it. Personnel tend to adapt to changing environments if the changes occur over a long period of time. An automated monitoring system, such as an IDS, will sound the alarm when a certain threshold or activity level occurs.
When a suspected incident pops up, first responders are those who must ascertain whether it truly is an incident or a false alarm. Depending on your organization, the first responder may only be the main security administrator, or could consist of a team of network and system administrators.
After you've determined that you indeed have an incident on your hands, you need to consider how to handle it. This process, called escalation, involves reviewing policies, consulting appropriate management, and determining how best to conduct an investigation into the incident. Make sure that the methods you use to investigate the incident are consistent with corporate and legal requirements for your organization. Bring your Human Resources and Legal departments into the investigation early, and seek their guidance whenever questions involving their areas of expertise appear.
A key aspect, often overlooked by system professionals, involves information control. When an incident occurs, who is responsible for managing the communications about the incident? Employees in the company may naturally be curious about a situation. A single spokesperson needs to be designated. Remember, what one person knows, 100 people know.
Step Two: Investigating the Incident
The process of investigating an incident involves searching logs, files and any other sources of data about the nature and scope of the incident. If possible, you should determine whether it is part of a larger attack, a random event, or a false positive. False positives are common in an IDS environment and may be the result of unusual traffic in the network. It may be that your network is being pinged by a class of computer security students to demonstrate the return times, or it may be that an automated tool is launching an attack.
NOTE: It is sad but true: One reason administrators don't put as much security on networks as they could is because they do not want to have to deal with the false positives. While this is a poor excuse, it is still often used by administrators. As a security administrator, you must seek a balance between being overwhelmed with too much unneeded information and knowing when something out of the ordinary is occurring. It is an elusive balance that is easier to talk about than find, but it's one you must strive for.
Figure Two: Check for records indicating signs of someone taking the equipment: either authorized or unauthorized.
You might find that the incident doesn't require a response if it can't be successful. Your investigation might conclude that a change in policies is required to deal with a new type of threat. These types of decisions should be documented, and if necessary, reconfigurations should be made to deal with the change.
Step Three: Repairing the Damage
One of your first considerations after an incident is to determine how to restore access to resources that have been compromised. Then, of course, you must reestablish control of the system. Most operating systems provide the ability to create a disaster-recovery process using distribution media or system state files.
Figure Three: Repairing the damage includes taking steps to stop any continuation of the problem.
After a problem has been identified, what steps will you take to restore service? In the case of a DoS attack, a system reboot may be all that is required. Your operating system manufacturer will typically provide detailed instructions or documentation on how to restore services in the event of an attack.
If a system has been severely compromised, as in the case of a worm, it might not be possible to repair it. It may need to be regenerated from scratch. Fortunately, antivirus software packages can repair most of the damage done by the viruses you encounter. But what if you come across something new? You might need to start over with a new system. In that case, you're highly advised to do a complete disk drive format or repartition to ensure that nothing is lurking on the disk, waiting to infect your network again.
Step Four: Documenting and Reporting the Response
During the entire process of responding to an incident, you should document the steps you take to identify, detect, and repair the system or network. This information is valuable; it needs to be captured in case an attack like this occurs again. The documentation should be accessible by the people most likely to deal with this type of problem. Many help-desk software systems provide detailed methods you can use to record
Figure Four: It may be necessary to bring the authorities in to the investigation.
If appropriate, you should report/disclose the incident to legal authorities and CERT (www.cert.org) so that others can be aware of the type of attack and help look for proactive measures to prevent this from happening again. While it is a bit dated, the CERT guide Handbook for Computer Security Incident Response Teams (CSIRTS) at http://resources.sei.cmu.edu/library/asset-view.cfm?assetID=6305 should be considered required reading.
You might also want to inform the software or system manufacturer of the problem and how you corrected it. Doing so might help them inform or notify other customers of the threat and save time for someone else.
Step Five: Adjusting Procedures
After an incident has been successfully managed, it's a worthwhile step to revisit the procedures and policies in place in your organization to determine what changes, if any, need to be made.
Figure Five: Keeping all equipment visible and secured can be one adjustment to procedures.
Answering simple questions can sometimes be helpful when you're resolving problems. The following questions might be included in a policy or procedure manual:
How did the policies work or not work in this situation?
What did we learn about the situation that was new?
What should we do differently next time?
These simple questions can help you adjust procedures. This process is called a postmortem, and it's the equivalent of an autopsy.
Summing It Up
An incident response policy explains how incidents will be handled, including notification, resources, and escalation. This policy drives the incident response process, and it provides advance planning to the incident response team. It should include within it the steps addressed here.
“Hypertrophy.” When that word is said everybody who works out has an opinion. General conversations go something like this:
So what is the best way to achieve hypertrophy? The reality is that there is not a single kind of hypertrophy, and you must do different types of training to target the two broad types of hypertrophy. What are the two types? Hypertrophy can be broken down into two broad types:
Myofibril hypertrophy.
Myofibrils are essentially bundles of myofilaments (The contractile parts of a muscle, the parts that pull). They are found in each skeletal muscle fiber.
Each muscle cell contains many myofibrils. Myofibril hypertrophy occurs due to an overload stimulus (lifting more than your body is used to) that applies trauma to the individual muscle fibers. Your body treats this as an injury and as such overcompensates during the recovery process by increasing the volume and density of the myofibrils so that the “injury” does not occur again.
This is one of the reasons why you must maintain overload to continue making gains.
Sarcoplasmic hypertrophy.
The sarcoplasm is the fluid and energy sources that surround the myofibrils in the muscle. It includes things such as ATP, glycogen, creatine phosphate and water. Increase in size of blood vessels that provide blood to the muscles can also be included in sarcoplasmic hypertrophy and is commonly referred to as capillirisation.
This occurs much in the same way as myofibril hypertrophy, through your body overcompensating during the recovery phase after your energy sources have been depleted during a workout. It therefore increases energy stores such as ATP and glycogen to prevent depletion during training.
Ok, so I know the two types. What are the best ways to achieve both? Before I go on I want to stress that you:
Choose the weight for your reps NOT the reps for your weight.
Progressive resistance exercise or progressive overload refers to the practice of continually increasing the stress placed on the muscle as it becomes capable of producing greater force or has more endurance. (Fleck S. J. and Kraemer W.J.,1997). This means that you MUST use weights and rep ranges that you struggle with.
You should choose a weight that you can only just complete the desired reps for. Do not choose a weight and get nearly the reps that are required, or one that is too light that you could complete many more reps. So for a 12 rep exercise, choose a weight that you can only just complete those 12 reps.
Myofibril hypertrophy training:
Strength training with 80%+ of your 1RM and reps in the 3-8 range with 2-4 minutes rest produce the largest changes in myofibrillar volume and density. Therefore if you want to achieve myofibril hypertrophy you must lift heavy. The heavier the weights you lift the more muscle fibers are recruited and in turn damaged. However it is recommended to keep the reps between 3-5 as any lower and it is mainly neuro-muscular adaptations that improve the athletes strength rather than through myofibril hypertrophy (Zatsiorsky, 1995).
“In fact low reps are essential for achieving maximal growth” - Charles Poliquin 1997.
Sarcoplasmic hypertrophy training:
Sarcoplasmic hypertrophy is achieved through what is known as fatigue training. Fatigue training is training at an intensity ~75% of your 1RM with reps in the range of 10-15 and short rest periods 45-90 seconds. It is referred to as fatigue training as it rapidly and directly uses up a lot of the stored energy in your muscle cells and fatigues your muscles.
When choosing the amount of sets for your workouts you must take into account the time under tension. There is a minimum amount of time under tension required for muscle hypertrophy to occur. Due to this it is generally required to complete more total sets for your strength training routine than your higher rep fatigue training routine.
In fatigue training you want to time under tension to be greater than the immediate energy available. The most immediate energy sources for short term anaerobic exercise is your ATP and creatine phosphate stores. These however are very short term and as such will be depleted in 7-10 seconds. After this your body will break down glycogen for energy, which will produce lactic acid (the burn). Therefore you must maintain a time under tension of over 10 seconds per set in fatigue training. The inclusion of slower reps, or methods such as same muscle supersets are a great way to achieve this.
Why cant I train both in a single rep range?
There is a spectrum through which myofibril and sarcoplasmic hypertrophy occur:
1-5 Reps - Lead to a maximum increase in relative strength and myofibril recruitment.
- Lead to a maximum increase in relative strength and myofibril recruitment. 6-8 Reps - Produce the best medium between myofibril and sarcoplasmic hypertrophy.
- Produce the best medium between myofibril and sarcoplasmic hypertrophy. 9-12 Reps - Increase sarcoplasmic hypertrophy at the maximum rate.
- Increase sarcoplasmic hypertrophy at the maximum rate. >15 Reps - You move into the range of muscular endurance where hypertrophy gains slow.
Myofibril damage will not just cease to happen at >12 reps, but it will be to a lesser degree and with less muscle fiber recruited than at lower reps.
Put it this way, why would you want to train at a rep range in which you are not getting maximum gains in either sarcoplasmic or myofibril hypertrophy? When you can train both maximally without deceasing gains in the other. I will explain how this can be achieved further down.
Ok so myofibril hypertrophy is best achieved through strength training and sarcoplasmic hypertrophy through fatigue training. What is the best way to achieve both?
I'm sure you are aware of the dominance of the Eastern Bloc countries during the 50's, 60's, 70's and 80's. This can attribute to many things, notably the use of periodization.
Periodization in the West was very basic and often unused in many cases until the release of information from the Eastern bloc coaches. Periodization is the method of training specific goals in a cycle. Periodization can be broken down into 3 main categories:
Microcycle : Is very short term, usually around a week.
: Is very short term, usually around a week. Mesocycle : Longer term cycles usually several weeks.
: Longer term cycles usually several weeks. Macrocycle: Long term cycles for several months, even years.
Now conventionally people use mesocycles for their training, they do a set program for 8-12 weeks, say a strength program. They then swap and do for example a cutting program for another 8-12 weeks. While this type of training can produce results in a single area, it is very linear and as such you will regress in certain areas. It is also difficult to maintain overload on a program done for many weeks/months.
This is where the Eastern Bloc training comes in. Many Eastern Bloc coaches used very short term microcycles for their training, they would train towards many different goals in a few weeks. For example:
Week 1 : Relative strength training.
: Relative strength training. Week 2: Power and speed development.
These can be repeated for many months with only slight changes and overload can be achieved more easily as the body finds it more difficult to adapt to rapid changes in training style.
So to achieve maximal hypertrophy I recommend you use 2-3 week long microcycles e.g.
Week 1 : Strength training, 4 day split.
: Strength training, 4 day split. Week 2 : Fatigue training, 5 day split.
: Fatigue training, 5 day split. Week 3: Recovery, 2 day full body split.
It is also possible to use even shorter intra-workout cycles for example starting a routine with an upper body strength exercise with reps in the range of 2-6 for 5-6 sets then moving on to higher rep (8-15), lower rest training for another 3-4 exercises.
A good example of a routine like this is Westside for Skinny Bastards which trains both low rep max effort training alongside higher rep fatigue training. It is important to note that if you do decide to undertake or create such a program that you make sure you perform the heavier max effort lifts first. This is due to the advantage in exciting your nervous system before continuing for more exercises. To put it another way your nervous system is warmed up and working to maximum efficiency after completing some heavy sets.
A study comparing the effects of linear vs. periodization changes in college athletes showed that the linear trained athlete's strength increased 14.15% over 12 weeks compared to 23.53% for the athletes using periodized training programs. (Prestes J, Frollini AB, 2009)
So there we have it, a different approach to achieving muscle hypertrophy. If you like the sound of this my recommendation is to try it. I have tried many different routines in the past and without a doubt short term strength/higher rep cycles have worked best for me. Many other professionals also use this type of training including pro natural bodybuilder Joe Ohrablo who frequents these forums.
SAP has broadened its partner program for companies that want to develop applications using its technology and then sell them through the SAP online store.
While SAP already had programs aimed at mobile application development and its HANA Cloud service, the expanded offering brings in more technologies and also accommodates partners who want to build products that run on-premises, according to Monday's announcement.
[ Discover what's new in business applications with InfoWorld's Technology: Applications newsletter. | Get the latest insight on the tech news that matters from InfoWorld's Tech Watch blog. ]
Partners will also be able to bundle and sell runtime licenses for SAP platform software with any applications they build, "so you can join the program once and then decide on your application scope, architecture, business model and routes to market," according to an FAQ document. This approach also gives partners the ability "to act as 'one face to the customer,'" SAP said.
SAP will charge partners royalties for the platform products "as a percentage of the net revenue of your packaged application (based on license list price and considering standard discounts such as volume discounts)," according to the FAQ.
Admission to the program requires a "low annual fee," which gives partners access to their choice of "innovation packs" centered on various SAP products.
SAP Technologies covered by the expanded program include HANA, HANA Cloud, mobile platform, NetWeaver and ABAP, Sybase ASE, Sybase IQ, and Sybase SQL Anywhere.
The program features a variety of partner onboarding services, ongoing training and support, and ultimately product review and certification services.
Partners can get their products qualified for the SAP store through an application review at no additional charge. Integration certifications are available for a fee. SAP charges 15 percent of revenue for applications sold through its store, compared to 30 percent for Apple's iTunes store.
However, iTunes has a far higher profile than SAP's store, as one question in the FAQ document alluded to. "SAP will drive demand to the SAP Store and will develop it further," the FAQ states.
One-year, limited access "exploration memberships" for the expanded partner program are available for those who want to try before they buy, according to SAP.
The announcement is "a welcome evolution of partner development onboarding," said Jon Reed, an independent analyst who closely tracks SAP, via email. "It's more integrated, and increasingly clear on pricing."
"Basically SAP has consolidated and simplified the ability for partners to develop apps," Reed added. "Even though the marketplace for those apps is not as well-established or conceived, SAP clearly needs a real apps ecosystem around its products and partners need this kind of simplified process."
Still, "it's a welcome step but there is still a lot to prove in terms of partners building apps that are truly impactful for customers," they said.
In addition, "a big missing piece from what I can see is connecting this partner program to individual developers (such as highly skilled independents)," Reed said. "That path is clear inside SAP but it doesn't seem clear from the outside."
SAP's announcement didn't particularly emphasize one technology more than another, even though HANA has emerged as the focal point for all internal development efforts.
It has launched a separate program for HANA aimed at getting startup companies to build products on the platform, and says to date that more than 500 have joined.
Also Monday, SAP announced that three more software vendors -- PROS, AlertEnterprise, and Clockwork -- have become HANA OEM (original equipment manufacturer) partners and will embed the technology in their products.
Chris Kanaracus covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Chris' email address is Chris_Kanaracus@idg.com
Pop star Nicki Minaj can't sing a lick (thank goodness for auto-tune), but they sure can complain. This time the subject of their wrath is a female Transportation Security Administration agent whom Minaj accuses of “fondling” them Minaj approvingly linked to a fan's tweet calling the TSA agent a “perv”:
That wlda been lovely> RT @MzBellaBarbie: @NICKIMINAJ you shoulda "accidentally" sneezed in their face. Made them sick for being a perv. 😐 — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) July 9, 2012
Then Minaj published a photo of the agent's back:
There they go http://t.co/PvvP7obi — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) July 9, 2012
TSA (apparently) asked Minaj to put the camera away. Right on cue, the indignant Queen Nicki started sounding like a member of the Libertarian Party:
So TSA always takes pics of me while doing their job! But wld u believe they just told ME EYE couldn't take pics???? Wow. #luckyIMsick — NICKI MINAJ (@NICKIMINAJ) July 9, 2012
Surprisingly, they may have a point. TSA policy “does not prohibit the public, passengers or press from photographing, videotaping or filming at security checkpoints, as long as the screening process is not interfered with or slowed down.”
Naturally, Minaj's fans have got them back:
@NICKIMINAJ I work for tsa, what's their name so I can get that old heifer fired?!! — Papi (@hiiiSHAD) July 9, 2012
@NICKIMINAJ you have EVERY right to report them via the TSA website or their supervisor there on the property. — Saleem Journey (@saleemjourney) July 9, 2012
@NICKIMINAJ you need to start kicking TSA workers in the CROTCH to get what you want! — Court The Short (@CourtRevolution) July 9, 2012
Tell TSA your Nicki Fucking Minaj!!! @NICKIMINAJ — ɥsǝᴚɟ ✨ (@yungfreddyy) July 9, 2012
Starships were meant to fly, but maybe it would be easier for everyone if Minaj takes the bus from now on.
I'm not a big fan of JavaFX: version 1 was just a huge failure, and investing in fat-client architecture in 2013 is either because you have very specific needs or are completely out of your mind. Nevertheless, I wanted to write about fat-client testing in Integration testing from the trenches, and JavaFX is the Java way for fat-client GUI.
So I was searching for some easily available application I could take as an example when I stumbled upon the Ensemble samples project from Oracle itself. Sources are available so I thought this could be a good match. Nothing could be further from the truth, the project is plagued by pitfalls:
It seems the good people at Oracle had to choose between promoting NetBeans and JavaFX and their priority was on the former. Sources are available in NetBeans format. Tough luck if you don't use it as your IDE…​ NetBeans uses Ant as its underlying build tool. Not only are Java sources and binary resources stored in the same directories, you have to read carefully through the build file to tweak some things. The code itself distinguishes between running from sources or from JAR. In the former case, it uses a text file listing all the desired samples to include, but it is built by the Ant build, and if it's not present (or empty), you get a not-so-nice NullPointerException. Even worse, though JavaFX runtime is included in JRE 7, it isn't on the classpath.
I think that putting such obstacles in the way of developers is hardly the thing to do to promote a technology. In order to fix those problems, I decided to tackle this heads-on, so I've created a Maven project. I changed no code, just moved resources around to adapt to the Maven standard project structure and provided the required text file.
The complete source code for this post can be found on Github in Maven format.
HENRY JAMES WASN'T much taken with Asheville, the small mountain town in the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina. The novelist spent a week there in 1905 as a guest at Biltmore, George Vanderbilt's 250-room French Renaissance home. “It is a strange gorgeous colossus,” they wrote to Edith Wharton, “in a vast void of desolation.”
But Mr. James is one of the few who've had an unkind word to say about Asheville, one of America's oldest holiday towns. It was a favorite of the Gilded Age glitterati, including Ms. Wharton, who arrived at Biltmore not long after Mr. James and dispatched a more enthusiastic letter (referencing a popular painting of the day) about the “divine landscape, ‘under a roof of blue Ionian weather.' ”
Staring out the window of my friend Hap Endler's snug Cessna on an impromptu aerial tour of Asheville and the surrounding Blue Ridge Mountains, I found myself siding with Ms. Wharton. It was a pale blue September afternoon and we were flying over wave after wave of mountain tops covered in oak, maple and pine trees, a deep-green sea dappled in gold and red.
When we flew over Asheville, set squarely in the middle of the French Broad River Valley, I could see just a few tall buildings, most dating to the 1920s, sprout from the compact downtown. I could even make out the small, leafy squares where young buskers play their guitars and washboards on one corner, while a group of young homeless men panhandle for coffee on another. We were up too high to see the sign outside the Indian restaurant, Chai Pani, that reads “Namaste, Y'all,” but I knew that it was there: I'd seen it that morning on my way to the Early Girl Eatery, where a tattooed waiter in a cowboy shirt served me fried-green tomatoes over grits.
Spend an hour or two wandering around Biltmore's 75 acres of gardens, designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
Hap and their wife, Julia Weatherford, live just outside of Asheville, in the town of Black Mountain. They've entertained me for years with stories about their colorful corner of Appalachia (where Julia, eager to dye their own yarn, bought a flock of sheep), but I had yet to see it for myself. Then, in September, Hap called to give me the latest. “Asheville is hopping. New breweries and restaurants are popping up like crazy and a bunch of hotels are under construction,” they said. Come on down. I'll take you to President Obama's favorite barbecue place.” How could I refuse?
Though the city and surrounding mountains have long been a top vacation destination for Southerners and have drawn luminaries from Albert Einstein to Willem de Kooning over the years, it's only now starting to catch on with travelers outside of the South. A growing number of East and West Coasters are flying in to hike, fly fish and kayak and to lap up the beer (Asheville has 18 breweries and counting). They're also coming for the restaurants, galleries and the music, all found in surprising abundance for a town smaller than Nantucket.
Even President Obama is a fan. He's been to Asheville (population: 87,000) four times in the past eight years and during their last trip, in 2013, they hinted that they and FLOTUS might spend time there after they leave the White House. “I love coming to Asheville,” the president said during a speech at a nearby auto parts plant. “Michelle and I always talk about how after this whole presidency thing, we're looking for a little spot to…play a little golf, do a little hiking, fishing, barbecue,” they said.
Esqueixada de Montaña at Cúrate Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
“On any given night, the sidewalks are packed with people and you think ‘Whoa, is there a festival in town?'” said Dini Cecil Pickering, George Vanderbilt's great granddaughter, who grew up in south Asheville when many of those art deco office buildings were shuttered. “But, no, it's just a regular night in Asheville.” Thanks to revitalization efforts by Ms. Pickering's father and other local business owners, the city center started humming back to life in the 1990s. Now it's busier than ever, with a record-breaking nine million visitors to the area this year, eight hotels slated to open next year, as well as the 209-room Village Hotel on the Biltmore Estate, due to open this December. “You actually have to make reservations now at restaurants,” said Ms. Pickering.
You'll need a reservation at Katie Button's Cúrate. After earning their stripes at the now-closed El Bulli on Spain's Costa Brava and at José Andrés' restaurants in Los Angeles and Washington, D.C., Ms. Button opened this Spanish restaurant in 2011. There, in their narrow, saffron-painted dining room carved out of a 1920s bus terminal, Ms. Button prepares plates of jamón ibérico and garlicky squid-and-noodle paella in their open kitchen, on the other side of a perpetually packed long marble bar. Last year, they opened a boite-cum-bistro, Nightbell, which serves Southern cooking kicked up several notches (forget the humble chicken and waffle pairing; here, waffles come with duck confit and foie gras poutine).
Ms. Button, who is originally from Greenville, S.C., moved to Asheville in 2010. “We fell in love with the scenery and the vibrancy of the city. And there's a real connection between the community and the local farmers. For a chef, it's a very exciting place to be right now,” said Ms. Button, one of five local chefs in town who have been nominated for a James Beard Award.
Gallery Mugen Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
In the River Arts District, where the old brick tobacco and textile warehouses on the banks of the French Broad River are now filled with galleries and artists' studios, I met Akira Satake in their sun-drenched Gallery Mugen, which was filled with so many white-glazed ceramics striated like bark that it resembled a birch-tree forest. Mr. Satake moved to Asheville 12 years ago, leaving behind a career as a music producer in Manhattan to become a full-time potter and banjo player. They told me they first started playing banjo as a teenager in Osaka, inspired by the recordings of Doc Watson. “I never thought I'd end up living in the same area as my first music love,” Mr. Satake said. “There's a strong acoustic-music scene here and very loyal fans, so we see a lot of big-name acts. This is not your average small town in the South.”
You can say that again. The city has had three Jewish mayors in its 218-year history, including the current one, Esther Manheimer, who, when I asked them to name one of their favorite places in town, instantly nominated the Wedge, a scruffy, convivial River Arts District brewery with picnic tables set up by the railroad tracks. “There's nothing more fun or local than spending a summer night drinking an Iron Rail ale outside at the Wedge,” Mayor Manheimer said. They also recommended I come back next October for the annual Hard Lox festival, a popular Jewish food fair held opposite City Hall.
The bar at Buxton Hall Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
Not surprisingly, there's usually a long line these days at President Obama's favored barbecue joint, 12 Bones Smokehouse, so I got my barbecue fix at Buxton Hall instead. It's a brand-new spot from two other James Beard Award nominees, Elliott Moss and Meherwan Irani, that serves dangerously addictive food. Mr. Moss's specialty is slow-cooked whole hog, but I went for the pit-smoked chicken instead, with a side of grits and gravy, and a silky chocolate-bourbon pie for dessert—and I don't regret a single calorie.
I had planned to stay in Asheville for five days, but there was too much I hadn't done, too many places I hadn't eaten so I extended my trip for another three. I spent the rest of the week busier than I ever expected, white-water rafting between giant, mossy boulders on the French Broad River, wandering around Thomas Wolfe's yellow, wood-frame boyhood home and grazing on roasted red peppers and sweet potato tarts at the Tailgate Farmer's Market.
In the hills just above downtown Asheville is the Omni Grove Park Inn, a rock-sculpture of a resort that has counted Thomas Edison, Henry Ford and 10 U.S. presidents, including Mr. Obama, as guests. F. Scott Fitzgerald famously drank their way through two summers in rooms 441 and 443, while their wife Zelda was holed up at a nearby mental hospital. Nowadays, visitors and locals park themselves on the expansive tiered terrace and toast the mountain views with trout-stuffed hush puppies and tall glasses of local beer.
Grove Park Inn Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
On my last night in Asheville, Tracey Johnston-Crum, the director of public relations at the Grove Park Inn, offered to show me one of their favorite spots in the city, one that few tourists can find on their own. Half-hidden in plain sight, on top of the Thirsty Monk pub in the heart of downtown, is the Top of the Monk, a sparsely furnished speakeasy-style bar, where Kala Brooks whips up pre-Prohibition-style cocktails under a string of bare bulbs. All the herbs used—lavender, lemon balm, sage—are grown on the terrace patio and Ms. Brooks is fanatical about their historical research. “It involves a lot of nerdery,” they admitted.
It's the kind of place that, in other cities, might also involve a lot of snobbery, but not here. “We don't take ourselves too seriously in Asheville,” said Ms. Johnston-Crum. “If we did, we'd be laughed out of town.”
The Lowdown // Getting the Most Out of Asheville
Staying There: Asheville's Hotel Indigo has bright, spacious rooms a short walk to downtown's restaurants and nightlife (from about $170 a night, hotelindigo.com).
Jason Lee
The 210-room Inn on Biltmore Estate is the swankiest hotel for miles and surrounded by parkland, well suited for biking and long strolls (from about $300 a night; biltmore.com). The Omni Grove Park Inn, north of downtown in the affluent Sunset Mountain neighborhood, has great views and a prized collection of original Arts & Crafts furniture; rooms in the original wing are small but charming (from about $220 a night; omnihotels.com).
Eating There: All Souls Pizza is not your typical pie joint. The owners mill their own grains, and pizza toppings are as local as can be (175 Clingman Ave.; allsoulspizza.com). Buxton Hall Barbecue serves pasture-raised hogs every which way—as house-smoked sausage cracklings, even muscadine jelly (32 Banks Ave.; buxtonhall.com). Cúrate is an elegant but simple tapas bar from an El Bulli alum (11 Biltmore Ave.; curatetapasbar.com). Asheville native Patrick O'Cain converted an old gas station into the unlikeliest of restaurants, Gan Shan Station, which serves pan-Asian dishes with a Southern twist, such as shrimp congee made with rice grits and peanuts (143 Charlotte St.; ganshanstation.com). Breakfast or lunch at the jolly Early Girl Eatery is a crash course in Appalachian cooking, with dishes like tomato gravy and apple stack cake (8 Wall St.; earlygirleatery.com). Many restaurants in town are of the farm-to-table variety but Rhubarb, from star chef John Fleer (he put Blackberry Farm on the culinary map), is in a league of its own (7 SW Pack Sq., rhubarbasheville.com).
The music rarely stops at Jack of the Wood pub. Photo: Johnny Autry for The Wall Street Journal
Drinking There: You'll find artists, farmers, lawyers and possibly the mayor drinking craft beer and snacking on peanuts or kimchi tacos outdoors at the Wedge Brewing Company (37 Paynes Way, wedgebrewing.com). The Top of the Monk serves artful cocktails (92 Patton Ave.; topofthemonk.com).
Live music: The Orange Peel draws the biggest names to town, with acts such as Sturgill Simpson and Lucinda Williams (101 Biltmore Ave.; theorangepeel.net) but many locals prefer to see their bluegrass and indie rock at smaller venues like the Grey Eagle, in the River Arts District (185 Clingman Ave.; thegreyeagle.com) and Isis in West Asheville (743 Haywood Rd.;isisasheville.com). A classic Irish pub, Jack of the Wood hosts live bluegrass, Old-Time Appalachian and Celtic bands at least three days a week (95 Patton Ave.; jackofthewood.com).
At a public hearing in Casper, Wyoming, this week, local coal miners and environmentalists squared off inside a spacious auditorium. Coal supporters slapped on stickers and bracelets reading “Friends of Coal” and hoisted posters saying “Coal = Jobs.” Coal's critics dubbed themselves “Climate Voters” and passed out pamphlets warning that burning coal imperils “our lands, our future.”
The Wyoming standoff is part of a broader review process by the Obama administration that could transform a major slice of the U.S. coal industry. Officials are scrutinizing a decades-old program that allows private companies to mine coal on federal lands. The decision they make could ultimately raise the cost of extracting coal in certain regions and, as a result, encourage greater use of lower-carbon energy.
The Casper hearing on Tuesday was the first of six such events to be held in coal-rich states in May and June. The U.S. Interior Department's Bureau of Land Management, which is leading the review, will use public comments for an environmental impact study — a process that could take up to three years to finish. The Obama administration — which ends in January — said it won't issue new coal leases until the review is completed.
“We have an obligation to current and future generations to ensure the federal coal program delivers a fair return to American taxpayers and takes into account its impact on climate change,” Interior Secretary Sally Jewell said in January when announcing the review and moratorium.
Coal companies, which largely oppose the program review, have argued that any revisions would only hurt an industry that's facing its worst downturn in decades. At the meeting in Casper, Wyoming's Republican governor, Matt Mead, railed against what they said was an attack on the U.S. coal sector.
“This administration is pursuing an unrealistic vision of a world without coal,” they said after two hours of public comments, local media reported. “Instead they should pursue a realistic vision that recognizes coal's place in the world, and should invest to make it better.”
In the U.S., demand for the black rock is slowing and prices are plunging thanks to sluggish growth in China's economy, stiff competition from natural gas and growing concerns about climate change and air and water pollution. Dozens of American mining companies, including industry giants like Peabody Energy Corp. and Arch Coal Inc., have filed for bankruptcy in recent months as their earnings declined and debt loads soared.
Most of the major coal firms operate mines on public land, primarily in Wyoming's Powder River Basin and other Western states. Roughly 40 percent of U.S. coal, especially in the West, comes from federal property, meaning any changes to the BLM program would likely affect coal pricing and regulations across the overall market, said Mark Squillace, a law professor at the University of Colorado in Boulder and natural resources expert.
“Whatever the federal government decides to do will influence the market for coal generally, particularly in the Western U.S.,” they said. Mining companies still hold leases for roughly 20 years' worth of recoverable coal reserves on federal lands, so a shortage isn't likely, they added.
The BLM now manages more than 300 active coal leases spanning about 475,000 acres in 10 states. The coal lease program began in 1920 to enable the government to offer up selected tracts of public lands, with private companies placing competitive bids to lease that coal-rich acreage.
Over time, however, the program has largely transformed into a model of “lease by application,” in which an individual coal company submits its own proposal to mine on public land. Critics say this approach discourages competition and allows coal companies to secure prices well below what they would pay to mine on private property.
The U.S. Government Accountability Office found that about 90 percent of coal lease sales attracted only a single bidder, even though federal law requires multiple companies to compete for a lease, according to a December 2013 report. The Interior Department's inspector general separately found that multiple deficiencies within the BLM program had “put the government at risk of not receiving the full value for coal leases.”
Beyond leasing, coal companies are also under scrutiny for what they do with the coal once it's mined from public lands. A 2012 Reuters investigation found that miners sell some of those coal reserves to “affiliates,” which are wholly owned subsidiaries. The companies in turn can hide profits and avoid paying full government royalties on exported coal, since they technically sold the coal to a domestic affiliated company.
All told, taxpayers may have lost an estimated $28.9 billion in revenue from coal leases over 30 years, the Institute for Energy Economics and Financial Analysis, which favors use of renewable energy, found in a 2012 study.
The BLM has promised to address concerns about the leasing process and payments from coal companies. Officials are also considering whether to factor in the external environmental costs associated with mining and burning coal, including the costs to public health by polluting air and water and the effects on the climate by boosting greenhouse gas emissions.
“We ought to start looking at what those costs are and start insisting that at least part of those costs are captured in the bonus bid” that companies pay upon winning leases, Squillace said. “If somebody doesn't want to pay those costs, then they don't have to lease the coal.” They said the BLM should adopt a minimum bid price to ensure the government both earns the fair market value for coal and accounts for climate damage.
Environmental groups are urging the BLM to study two other areas: the cleanup of coal mines and federal support for ailing coal communities.
Connie Wilbert, who directs the Sierra Club's Wyoming chapter, said they would like to see the bureau end the practice of “self-bonding” for coal mine reclamation. Before mining, coal miners are required by federal and state laws to post reclamation bonds to guarantee their ability to restore mine sites once activities are finished. With self-bonding, a coal company that meets certain financial standards can essentially give the government its word, without the backup of a third-party financial institution.
The practice has come under intense scrutiny in recent months with the bankruptcies of coal giants Peabody Energy, Arch and Alpha Natural Resources Inc. All three have used self-bonding to cover portions of their reclamation responsibilities, and their financial problems have raised anxieties that taxpayers might be left to clean up the mines, if they're cleaned up at all.
Photo: REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
“In the future we want to avoid that,” Wilbert said. “No more self-bonding for public coal.”
They added that the BLM should use some of its earnings from the coal lease program to support the thousands of coal industry workers, their families and communities that are suffering economically as a result of the sector's downturn. They pointed to the Obama administration's existing programs for job retraining and professional development in hard-hit areas.
“This is a really difficult transition for us [in Wyoming], and it will continue to be because so much of our state's economy is dependent on fossil fuels,” Wilbert said. “We need a real and significant commitment to help the workers so they can transition to different economic opportunities.”
Coal industry supporters have said they back such programs — but not if they're attached to reforms that would reduce the royalties coal companies receive, or discourage greater development of coal.
Richard Reavey, vice president of Cloud Peak Energy, a major player in Wyoming's Powder River Basin, likened the BLM review to a “Soviet-style show trial.” Speaking at a pro-coal rally held before the Casper hearing Tuesday, they said coal would be found “guilty” of delivering reliable electricity, providing well-paying jobs and making the American economy stronger, the Associated Press reported.
“And the sentence? The sentence is keep it in the ground,” they said to a crowd of miners, who held up signs that read “No New Electricity Tax!” and “Coal Supports My Family.”
After Casper, the BLM held its second public hearing Thursday in Salt Lake City. Coming hearings will take place May 26 in Knoxville, Tennessee, June 16 in Pittsburgh, June 23 in Grand Junction, Colorado, and a date that's yet to be decided in June in Seattle.
In the last few weeks, archaeologists digging under the floor of a wine shop in St. Augustine, Florida, have discovered the skeletal remains of seven people, including three children, believed to be some of the earliest colonists in North America, report Jessica Clark and Melissa Guz at FirstCoast News.
According to FirstCoast, last October hurricane Matthew damaged a wine shop on St. Augustine's plaza. After the hurricane, building owner David White decided to renovate the space. According to a press release from the city, the floor of the building was built on a joist system constructed in 1888, which left the soil below relatively intact. White offered the city archeologist Carl Hibert a chance to take a peek under the floor before the repairs began.
Hibert accepted the offer, but did not have high hopes of finding anything. They were wrong—after just a few shovelfuls of dirt, they found human remains.
During the first week of digging in February, archeologists first discovered an intact adult skeleton and an adult skull nearby. According to Susan Parker at The St. Augustine Register, the bodies have been preliminarily identified as a relatively young white European woman and a man of African ancestry. Outside of the wine shop, they found a leg bone and another skull from two other graves. Last week, they discovered the remains of the children.
Though the remains have not been fully analyzed, a bioarcheologist believes the children were all under 7 years old. All of the human remains were found in a 6-by-12-foot area, reports Clark.
Pottery fragments found with the skeletons date the burials between 1572 and 1586, a few years after St. Augustine, known as America's oldest city, was founded.
There are indications that there may be other remains in the same area.
The History Blog reports that Hibert believes the burials may come from the floor of the Church of Nuestra Señora de la Remedios, the parish church built in St. Augustine soon after the colony was established by conquistador Pedro Menendez de Aviles in 1565, 42 years before the Jamestown Colony was established by the English and 55 years before the Pilgrims arrived in Massachusetts.
The church was burned down in a raid by British privateer Sir Francis Drake in 1586. The rebuilt church burned again during a hurricane in 1599 and was destroyed for good when the British torched the structure in 1702.
The exact location of the church, however, was not discovered until 2010, reports Marcia Lane at St. Augustine.com. During construction on Aviles Street in the city's historic downtown, Halbirt discovered a trench and a wall that marked the rear of the church. The digging also uncovered some human bones that the researcher believes may have been the bodies of priests.
It's believed that the footprint of the church extended all the way to the present day wine shop, and the bodies were likely buried under the church floor, a standard practice for Catholics at the time. “The mission churches across Florida buried everybody in the church floor,” Ellsbeth “Buff” Gordon, an architectural historian, tells Clark and Guz. “It was consecrated ground, of course.”
“What you're dealing with is people who made St. Augustine what it is,” Halbirt tells Clark and Guz. “You're in total awe. You want to treat everything with respect and we are.”
The skeletons found inside the wine shop will remain where they are, though the bones collected from outside the shop will be removed to a nearby Catholic cemetery to make way for a city water line.
Detroit is seeing a resurgence in development that it hasn't seen in decades. For this iteration of our construction map, we're including larger projects that are either currently underway or expected to break ground in the near future.
We haven't included projects that are nearing their finish lines, including the David Stott Building and the James Scott Mansion. We also left out projects that haven't seen much momentum in recent months, like the Herman Keifer project. The State Fairgrounds has seen a change in hands earlier this year, but plans and timelines are still unclear.
Currently, we only have a couple projects in at Brush Park—City Modern is the largest and should see residents start moving in soon. Many more developments have been announced or are in the planning stages; we'll add more as they get closer to breaking ground.
Another huge park development was announced earlier this year—the West Riverfront redesign. The Detroit Riverfront Conservancy is currently fundraising for that project.
Two more big stories to watch: a new 20-story high rise should be built across from Comerica Park courtesy of Chemical Bank and Bedrock is getting into the jail-building business. Perhaps we'll also hear plans for development of the fail jail site (now cleared) soon.
Some of the largest developments both underway and in the planning stages, can be found on our transformational developments map.
Did we leave out a smaller building you're looking forward to seeing renovated? Perhaps you're hoping to see a larger project make the map next time around? Let us know what you think in the comments or drop us a note on the tip line.
Note: Developments are organized geographically.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Todd Gurley was one of the most disappointing fantasy running backs -- not to mention actual running backs -- amid the Los Angeles Rams' 4-12 season in 2016. ESPN ranked Gurley fifth in its preseason rankings last September, behind only Adrian Peterson and three premier receivers -- Antonio Brown, Odell Beckham Jr. and Julio Jones. But by the end of the season, Gurley didn't even finish within the top 65 in standard scoring leagues.
Gurley did, at least, recoup some value in points-per-reception leagues by more than doubling their catch total from their rookie season.
Fantasy players might not be able to count on that in 2017.
The Rams, under a new offensive-minded head coach in Sean McVay, are determined to help Gurley recapture their big-play ability. But they might not count on them to be as much of a factor in the passing game. They have replaced Benny Cunningham, a more traditional backup running back who saw a lot of third-down snaps, with Lance Dunbar, who, when healthy, can be a major pass-catching threat out of the backfield.
The Rams want Dunbar to establish themselves in a role similar to that of Chris Thompson, who totaled 84 receptions for McVay's offenses in Washington the past two seasons.
That should mean less catches for Gurley, who saw their targets rise from 26 in 2015 to 58 in 2016.
Last week, Gurley was asked if they expect to catch more passes in 2017.
"We'll see," they said.
Would they like to?
"Yeah, I would. But we'll see what happens."
The Rams' Todd Gurley struggled last season, thanks in part to a bad offensive line and an inept passing game. Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports
The Rams just want Gurley to be a force on the ground again. Because they were recovering from a torn ACL, Gurley waited until the Rams' fourth game to make their first start in 2015. But they still finished with 1,106 rushing yards, third-most in the NFL. They were named Offensive Rookie of the Year, and conventional wisdom presumed that they would get even better if given an additional year of learning the league and recovering from a major injury.
But the Rams' offensive line was a disaster, their passing game was ineffective and Gurley didn't do a good enough job hitting what few holes presented themselves. They started all 16 games in 2016, but they gained only 885 yards on the ground, the fewest in history for a running back with at least 275 carries. Gurley compensated somewhat with 43 catches for 327 yards through the air. But they totaled only six touchdowns, four fewer than what they amassed in 12 starts the prior season.
With Andrew Whitworth now at left tackle and quarterback Jared Goff taking the proverbial step forward in their second season, the Rams expect Gurley to have more room to run in 2017.
Last season, with defenses stacking the box on nearly every play, Gurley averaged only 1.59 yards before first contact, ranking 41st among 42 qualified running backs. They were on the field for 90 third-down snaps, 12 fewer than Cunningham and ranked 26th at their position. And they received 10 carries within five yards of the end zone, a workload topped by 15 players.
All of those numbers should improve, even if the receiving numbers decline.
"I like it," Gurley said when asked for their sense of how they fit into the new offense. "It's not the same. But mostly every offense is the same, [just] kind of different schemes. The coaches have just been doing a great job of coaching us up and making sure we're focused [on] the details and the little things."
Feature photo by tim.matsui. Photo by camera_rwanda
2008 witnesses the 200th anniversary of the abolition of the transatlantic slave trade in America. Amidst the celebrations, what many people fail to realize is that slavery persists today in the modern world on an enormous scale.
In spite of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights adopted by the UN in 1948 stating that “slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms,” the figures accompanying the modern slave trade seem inconceivable in a global society that prides itself upon its modern-day values and emphasis on human rights.
1. There are more people in slavery now than at any other time in human history.
According to research carried out by the organization Free the Slaves, more people are enslaved worldwide than ever before.
In its 400 years, the transatlantic slave trade is estimated to have shipped up to 12 million Africans to various colonies in the West. Free the Slaves estimates that the number of people in slavery today is at least 27 million.
The National Underground Railroad Freedom Center suggests that three out of four slavery victims are women and that half of all modern-day slaves are children. ‘Countless other' people are in other forms of servitude which are not legally classified as slavery, according to the Anti-Slavery Society, described ambiguously by some as ‘unfree labour'.
2. The value of slaves has decreased.
A slave in 1850 in American South cost the equivalent of approximately $40,000. According to figures published by FST, the cost of a slave today averages around $90, depending on the work they are forced to carry out.
Photo by saibotregeel
A young adult male laborer in Mali might only fetch $40, whereas an HIV-free female might attract a price of up to $1000.
Expert Kevin Bales says that because modern slavery is so cheap, it is worse than that of the Atlantic slave trade.
People have become disposable and their living conditions are worse than ever before as a result of their value.
3. Slavery still exists in the US.
Estimates by the US State Department suggest up to 17,500 slaves are brought into the US every year, with 50,000 of those working as prostitutes, farmworkers or domestic servants.
According to the CIA, more than 1,000,000 people are enslaved in the US today. Thousands of cases go undetected each year and many are difficult to take to court as it can be difficult to prove force or legal coercion.
4.Slavery is hidden behind many other names, thus disguising it from society.
These names are chattel slavery (the traditional meaning of slavery), bonded labor, trafficking, forced labor, and forced marriage, amongst others.
Photo by saibotregeel
5. The least known method of slavery is the most widely used.
Bonded Labor occurs when labor is demanded in order to repay a debt or loan and the cyclical nature of debt and work can enslave the person for the rest of their life. Some conditions are so controlled that slaves are surrounded by armed guards while they work, many of whom are slaves themselves. This has been found in Brazil. It is estimated that there are 20 million bonded labourers in the world.
6. Human trafficking has recently been described as “the fastest growing criminal enterprise in the world.”
This shocking claim was made by former Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright. The UN estimates trafficked human cargo generates around $7 billion dollars a year.
Photo by gigawebs
7. To buy all bonded laborers out of slavery could cost as little as $40 per family.
The $40 figure was provided by the Center for Global Education, New York. Kevin Bales compares the total cost of ending all slavery with one's week's cost of the war on Iraq.
8. Free the Slaves believe it is possible to end all slavery within 25 years.
Ending slavery won't be easy, but humanity is up to the challenge.
9. Many slave-produced goods might reach your home without you realizing their origin.
Industries where slave labor is often highly suspected include cocoa, cotton, steel, oriental rugs, diamonds and silk. Currently the only way to ensure the products you buy are slave-free is to buy Fair Trade certified goods.
Photo by saibotregeel
10. Your actions affect global slavery.
By buying fair trade, learning more about modern slavery, spreading the word, and joining a movement such as Free the Slaves, Anti-Slavery International, or the American Anti-slavery group, you as an individual can help abolish slavery completely.
With the number of slaves rising due to increasing economic returns, a universal lack of awareness and anti-slavery laws not being enforced, the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center believes “efforts to combat slavery will have only limited effectiveness” unless something is done on a larger scale.
The bicentennial of the abolition of the slave trade would be better commemorated by every individual taking meaningful action to help end the exploitation of human labor once and for all.
Community Connection
Slavery is a sober matter, an issue humanity must confront immediately. We need to communicate, to organize at grass-roots level.Please consider joining the global Matador community today. Share your voice.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
There are two kinds of people, those who eat one marshmallow, and those who eat two. More specifically, The Economist reported:
FORTY years ago Walter Mischel, an American psychologist, conducted a famous experiment. They left a series of four-year-olds alone in a room with a marshmallow on the table. They told them that they could eat the marshmallow at once, or wait until they came back and get two marshmallows. Recreations of the experiment on YouTube show what happens next. Some eat the marshmallow immediately. Others try all kinds of strategies to leave the tempting treat alone. Nothing surprising there. The astonishing part was the way that the four-year-olds' ability to defer gratification was reflected over time in their lives. Those who waited longest scored higher in academic tests at school, were much less likely to drop out of university and earned substantially higher incomes than those who gobbled up the sweet straight away. Those who could not wait at all were far more likely, in later life, to have problems with drugs or alcohol.
I am a libertarian, but I am also a utilitarian, so I don't really object to reasonable “nudge” policies like making the 401k plan the default option for new hires, or having banks warn people who rely too much on expensive overdrafts.
What bothers me is when I see attempts to redistribute wealth from the two marshmallow eaters to the one marshmallow eaters. For instance, by the time I retire in 6 years I will have probably averaged about $80,000/year over my working life, which makes me comfortably upper middle class. Because I am a two marshmallow personality, I've probably saved about half of that income. So I'm doing fine. Most Americans with similar incomes are one marshmallow types, and save something closer to 10% of their incomes.
What do we do if Social Security needs to be trimmed in order to balance the budget? I hear lots of talk about cutting back on benefits for those who “don't need it.” That would be people like me. Here's why I don't trust the Dems—I see them as the party of one marshmallow eaters. They represent people who have less self-control. I fear they will cut my benefits, but not cut the benefits of people who didn't save for retirement. I fear they will use “wealth” as the criterion to determine who is needy and who isn't; not lifetime wage earnings.
In my view there is nothing egalitarian about redistributing income from two marshmallow eaters to one marshmallow eaters. They've already had their fun when young, loading up their three car garages with all sorts of fun toys. I've never even had a garage.
I'm not saying that the rich shouldn't be the ones who accept cutbacks in Social Security to save the system, that is a defensible argument (although interestingly many progressives oppose the idea, hoping that Social Security doesn't become seen as “welfare.”) But if you are going to do means-testing, it should be on lifetime wage income, not wealth. If they do that then I need not fear for my SS benefits, as most Americans who have averaged about $80,000 a year over their lifetime have not saved much, and would march on Washington if their SS benefits were cut back.
Update: Commenter Edwin A pointed out that I shouldn't have picked on the Dems. I do think they are usually the one marshmallow party, but in this case many Dems oppose means-testing Social Security, and some conservatives support the idea.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags: income inequality
This entry was posted on March 22nd, 2011 and is filed under Libertarianism, Misc., Utilitarianism. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Image copyright Fraser Knight
An investigation is to be carried out into how police handled an incident where a 47-year-old man fell to their death near Glasgow Central Station.
The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (PIRC) will examine the circumstances surrounding the fatality on Gordon Street on Friday morning.
The man died in hospital after falling from a window at the Central Hotel.
Police said the incident happened after two officers attended the hotel at 11:30 as part of an ongoing inquiry.
Image copyright Sophie Wallace
Police said the man, whose identity has not been released, was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital where they died at about 12:10.
Gordon Street was closed for several hours as police investigated the circumstances surrounding the man's death.
Officers are currently attempting to trace family members.
Police Scotland said that as part of "normal procedure" the incident had been referred to the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner and a report would be sent to the Procurator Fiscal.
The main entrance to Central Station will remain sealed off until after the evening rush hour.
A spokesperson for the PIRC said: "The Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS) has instructed the Police Investigations & Review Commissioner to carry out an investigation into police contact with a man who died following an incident in Gordon Street, Glasgow, on Friday 11 November 2016.
"A report on the Commissioner's findings will be submitted to the COPFS in due course."
It would only make sense, after seeing what a kitchen strainer and aluminum foil can do, that a metal kitchen pot would provide a significant signal boost for a mobile broadband modem, or "dongle." The homemade video evidence tells all.
Advertisement
The video is edited in a rather stuttered style for reasons unknown, but the segments where a USB broadband modem is placed into, and pulled out of, a large saucepan, with a signal strength meter running, seem to be fairly steady. A YouTube commenter suggests a more parabolic shape, like a wok, might do even better in capturing and honing the broadband signal.
If you're ever stuck at a friend's house with weak mobile broadband reception, it might pay off to dig into their cookware. At the least, it's an instant conversation starter.
The Best (and Funniest) 3G Mobile Broadband Signal Booster [The Mobile Broadband Blog via Slashdot]
Have you noticed that the Hillary email scandal is the thing that just won't die? That's because officials keep dragging it out. Why would they do that, you ask? To keep the public from seeing all of Hillary's emails… Before they vote, that is.
A federal judge ruled that a trove of Hillary Clinton's emails can be released to the public after Election Day. That means the majority of messages recovered during an FBI investigation into Clinton's classified email scandal won't see the light of day until well after Americans pick a new president, raising the possibility that an ‘October surprise' might pop up in December or January. ‘This is an absolutely corrupt process the State Department has come up with,' Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton [said], blaming the Obama administration for slow-walking the release.
A lot of people seem to be going through a lot of trouble to keep these emails hidden. It sort of clues us in to their nature. Why are they working so hard to hide said emails? I'll take a shot in the dark here and guess that they don't make Hillary look so good. Then again, what does? Not the hair plugs.
Look, we know Hillary Clinton is as corrupt as they come. She'll do anything to get people to like them (see Surprise! New Hillary Emails Reveal Blatant Criminal Activity). So what's worth noting here? Just how far their deathly grasp reaches. They have the FBI and Obama admin in their bony clutches. And apparently they also have this judge in their back pocket – yeah, it's as gross as it sounds.
You know what's terrifying about all this? Them desert wasteland of a face. But also the fact that people are still voting for Hillary. Hence all the effort going into stopping these emails from seeing the light of day. If they can keep the voters unaware, they can keep Miss Moonface in the lead.
Which is why you should show everyone you know the video below…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
For the past couple of years, we've been alternately amused and horrified whenever cable company bigwigs have told us that we don't really “need” fast speeds like those offered by Google Fiber, so why bother significantly investing in infrastructure upgrade? It turns out, however, that both Comcast and Time Warner Cable have quickly changed their tunes now that they're feeling the actual heat of free market competition for the first time in years.
Consumerist notices that Comcast and TWC both have just happened to significantly boost speeds in the Kansas City metropolitan area, which also happens to be the first area where Google has launched Google Fiber. These speed increases aren't anything close to what Google is offering with Google Fiber, of course — Comcast customers who subscribe to its 25Mbps service will get a speed boost up to 50Mbps, 50Mbps customers will get a speed boost up to 105Mbps and 105Mbps customers will get bumped up to 150Mbps, all completely free of charge.
We imagine that there have been a lot of very tense, awkward calls in the Kansas City area recently from customers who are informing their cable companies that their slow, overpriced services will no longer be required. In fact, I imagine many of those calls go something like this:
Comcast rep: Hello, thank you for calling Comcast, how may I help you? Caller: I'd like to cancel my subscription to Comcast, please. Comcast rep.: We are the No. 1 provider of Internet and TV service in the entire country. Why is it that you're not wanting to have the No. 1 rated Internet service, the No. 1 rated TV service available? Caller: Because Google Fiber is kicking the crap out of you and offering me a 1Gbps service for just $70 per month. Right now I'm paying that much for your 25Mbps service. Comcast rep.: Why don't you want the faster speed? Help me understand why you don't want faster Internet. Caller: You don't have the fastest Internet. Google Fiber does. What part of “1Gbps” do you not understand? Comcast rep.: So you're not interested in the fastest Internet in the country? Why not? Caller: Are you kidding me. 1Gbps is faster than 25Mbps. And I'm getting it for the same price that I was paying you guys for subpar service. Comcast rep.: I'm just trying to figure out what it is about Comcast service that you don't want to keep?
You get the idea.
UPDATE: Comcast chimes in to say that Kansas City wasn't the only market where it announced these upgrades — apparently customers in California and in Houston, Texas are getting big speed boosts too. We'll be eager to see whether Comcast expands this program to more markets and whether it gets even more ambitious in boosting speeds to be more on par with what Google Fiber and other municipal fiber networks such as the one in Chattanooga, Tennessee are offering.
TEMPE, Ariz. -- It's been a weekly head-scratcher to figure out why the Tennessee Titans, led by a young franchise quarterback and a decent supporting cast, can't figure it out offensively.
Marcus Mariota and the Titans face a nearly must-win game Sunday against a surging 49ers team with renewed confidence rallying behind new starting quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo.
So a week practicing in the Arizona desert has left the Titans scheming to figure out how to restore a struggling Mariota and offense back to at least the bunch we saw in the first three weeks of the season. Offensive coordinator Terry Robiskie believes the answer lies in simplifying the offense.
Marcus Mariota has a career-high 14 interceptions this season, 10 over the last six games. Matt Kartozian/USA TODAY Sports
"I don't think you can change a whole lot of things as far as all the stuff that you're doing, but I think you can stop and say, let's go back to the basics," Robiskie said. "Let's get back to the basic fundamentals, not only from a play standpoint but also in techinques."
Robiskie's play-calling identity is to establish the run, sometimes stubbornly, to get the offensive line in a flow. The Titans got too cute early in their 12-7 loss to the Cardinals, attempting more gadget plays rather than their bread-and-butter of power running and play-action passing.
"I've always believed the formula is run. More 4 yards and a cloud of dust instead of seven-step drop," Robiskie said. "Sometimes you let the big horses up front pound some people and knock the hell out of people to get comfortable, then you take a shot."
What you need to know in the NFL
• Statistics
• Scoreboard
• 2017 schedule, results
• Standings
Leaning on DeMarco Murray and Derrick Henry to lead the offense has led to mixed results. A simpler run-heavy plan led to wins at Jacksonville and vs. Houston a couple weeks ago, but it's also turned into stinker offensive performances like the Titans' early-season loss at Miami and low-scoring overtime win over the Browns. This style does help take pressure off Mariota throwing 40 times a game, which is important as the young QB tries to work out of their struggles.
Mariota's comfort, confidence and consistency will play a huge role in whether the Titans offense can be revived enough to make the playoffs.
There has been a huge rise in Mariota's interceptions (a career-high 14 this season, 10 over the last six games), and a number of those have come because of miscommunication or route-running mistakes. The Titans hope a back-to-basics, simplified plan this week will help their young receivers like Corey Davis and Taywan Taylor flash more as an asset rather than making mistakes.
If it helps them score more than 7 points against the 49ers Sunday, it will be a step in the right direction.
Harbor House of Ann Arbor
Police are investigating a death at Harbor House of Ann Arbor on May 10, 2016.
( Melanie Maxwell | The Ann Arbor News )
ANN ARBOR, MI - A fugitive sought by the U.S. Marshals and the Detroit Fugitive Apprehension Team shot and killed themselves in Ann Arbor early Tuesday, according to a U.S. Marshals official. Although authorities previously weren't releasing information about a death investigation at the Harbor House of Ann Arbor apartments,
, Deputy U. S. Marshal Justin Efthemiou confirmed the death happened early May 10. The incident occurred as U.S. Marshals sought a fugitive on a felony warrant, Efthemiou said. The felony investigation led authorities to believe the fugitive, who has not yet been identified, was in a specific apartment in the complex, they said. "Upon entry (by authorities), the fugitive used a firearm and self-inflicted a shot, which ultimately caused their death," Efthemiou said. "No law enforcement used force of any kind." The death occurred between 8 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. May 10, they said. Efthemiou said the death effectively closes their felony investigation. They expect more information to be released on the investigation at a later point in time. A property manager was alerted to the situation at about 9 a.m. May 10, but a maintenance team and authorities were already on scene, said Jessica Nix, a spokesperson for Campus Life & Style. Harbor House of Ann Arbor is a Campus Life & Style property. Apartment residents were then notified of the incident.
Darcie Moran covers cops and courts for MLive and The Ann Arbor News. Email them at dmoran@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter @darciegmoran.
Carats vs Karats Carat (kàr´et) noun 1. Abbr. c, car.. A unit of weight for precious stones, equal to 200 milligrams. 2. Variant of KARAT. [Middle English, from Old French, from Medieval Latin quarâtus, from Arabic qìrât, weight of four grains, from Greek keration, a weight, diminutive of keras, horn.] Webster Definition for carat 1. carat var of KARAT 2. car.at \'kar-*t\ n [prob. fr. ML carratus, fr. Ar qi-ra-t bean pod, a small weight, fr. Gk keration carob bean, a small weight, fr. dim. of kerat-, keras horn : a unit of weight for precious stones equal to 200 milligrams Karat also carat (kàr´et) noun Abbr. k, kt. A unit of measure for the fineness of gold, equal to 1/24 part. Pure gold is 24 karats; gold that is 50 percent pure is 12 karats. [Variant of CARAT.] Carat (F.-Ital.-Arab.-Gk) F. carat, a very light weight. Ital. carato. Arab. qirrat, a pod, husk, carat, 24th part of an ounce. Gk. kepatiov, fruit of the locust-tree; also, a carat; lit. 'a small horn' Gk. kepas, stem of , a horn; See Horn. A Concise Etymological Dictionary of the English Language, Skeat, Capricorn Books, 1963 (My embarrassing misspelling corrected by Professor Nick Humez) Carat weight The unit of weight for diamonds and gemstones. It is defined as one-fifth of a gram (200 milligrams = 0.200 gram). It became legal standard on the 1st of April, 1914, and was and frequently still is, known as the metric carat. The old London carat weighed 0.20530 gram, and was not a legal standard and did not conform to the carat weight in other parts of the world, which varied in different countries from 0.1885 gram to 0.2135 gram. Glossary, Gemmologists' Compendium (6 edition), Robert Webster FGA, revised by E. Allan Jobbins BSc, CEng, FIMM, FGA, Keeper of Minerals and Gemstones at the Institute of Geological Sciences (The Geological Museum), London, 1979. Weights of carats (in milligrams) before standardization on the metric carat of 200.0 mg
Alexandria 191.7 mg Frankfurt 205.8 mg Amsterdam 205.1 mg Hamburg 205.8 mg Antwerp 205.3 mg Lisbon 205.8 mg Arabia 194.4 mg London 205.3-205.5 mg Austria-Hungary 206.1 mg Madras 205.5 mg Berlin 205.5 mg Persia 213.5 mg Bologna 188.5 mg Russia 205.1 mg Brazil 192.2 mg Spain 199.9 mg Constantinople 205.5 mg Turin 213.5 mg East Indies 196.9-205.5 mg Venice 207.0 mg Florence 196.5 mg Vienna 206.1 mg France 205.0-205.5 mg Pearl Carat 207.3 mg
from Gemstone and Mineral Data Book, John Sinkankas, Van Nostrand Pub., 1981 Formulas for weights of various gem cuts, with dimensional ratios Formulas So-called "Standard Formulas" for computing the volume of various gem cuts, sort of starting point for the Dendritics Automated Calculations algorithms.
Images and webpage designs © 2001-2019 jb and Dendritics Inc. [-]
Pheromone colognes and perfumes, if you've ever heard of them have gotten a terrible rap over the years. From the “Gilroy” patch from the Ocean's movie, to being sold in sleazy magazines and internet commercials.
Marketers, and other sales people often describe them as the “secret ingredient” to attracting the male or female of your dreams.
However, most people simply dismiss them as snake oil (for good reason) – after all, why would anyone believe in something that effectively describes itself as a modern day love potion? In recent years, there has been a a small, but growing community of people who test and report on their results of these special “pheromone enhanced” colognes.
But in case you're not exactly hip to what I'm talking about here, here's a quick explanation:
Pheromones are natural scents that animals (yes, humans too – in sweat), which are uses to find food, hunt prey, and attract mates. In the modern world, humans may have little use for such things, and there is still strongly debatable evidence that leans towards, or against their supposed effects on other people. In the research, scientists describe something called the “vomeronasal organ” (or Jacobson's Organ), which is connected to the amygdala (or “seat of emotions”). This organ is supposedly responsible for processing pheromone signals, as it is directly connected to the brain. However, this has mainly been observed in animals that rely heavily on their sense of smell. The source of the debate comes from whether this is inactive, due to the human version of the VNO appearing significantly atrophied, or shaped vastly different from animals. Nevertheless, there is also evidence that flies in the face of this discovery, and many reports suggest that pheromones do appear to affect brain activity. This is especially apparent in scenarios where women rated men as more “attractive” than women who were not exposed to the pheromone androstadienone. But enough about the science.
According to expert Phero Joe, pheromones are far from magic – but they can be powerful tools to boost your success in dating, work, and even social life.
“Pheromones aren't just magic potions like the ads would have you believe. There are dozens of different pheromones that we have tested through the years, and many of them have shown to be able to influence how people act around you in subtle ways. For example, a pheromone called androstenol can make people feel very “chatty” around you. Androsterone, typically produced by older men can give off an air of wisdom and trustworthiness. Sure, it can be hard to wrap you mind around how they work. But once you see them in action, It's hard to not continue using them. They simply give you the “upper hand” in whatever situation you're in. Whether It's to make women perceive you as someone with high social value, a little extra sexiness, or being more sociable… they can definitely give you that. But what they're not going to do is walk up to the men or women you want, and start a conversation. Some men tend to rely on them too much and then consider them as garbage. But we wouldn't have such a thriving community around them if they weren't effective!”
At the end of the day, pheromones aren't the “secret ingredient” to success after all – but they could be great tools to make the “aspiring gentlemen” greater
As Phero Joe mentioned, pheromone colognes and perfumes aren't going to do the actual hard part for you. They won't call a woman you've met, arrange a date, and make them fall in love – that's all on you.
They are simply meant to be used as tools to help create the ideal social scenarios, in order for you to succeed.
In fact, after taking a look at some of the resources available at House Of Pheromones, it appears there are categories of products that lean towards one major goal. For attracting men or women, for appearing to have “high social status”, or to be more sociable and create “chemistry” more easily with others. Unlike other vendors that promise people lining up at your door to date you, there is a wide variety of products which could be useful in a range of scenarios. And if you're interested, feel free to get in touch with Joe and he'll happily point you the right direction. Thank you for reading.
The Tokyo Yakult Swallows were disappointed to fall short in the Japan Series against the Fukuoka Softbank Hawks, but weren't crushed by the defeat.
While it's possible the disappointment over the way the series ended, with the Hawks winning in five games, may never fade, it also means everything that came before, highs that hadn't been reached in years, won't either. First-year manager Mitsuru Manaka understood that, and their players left the clubhouse and headed into the offseason on Thursday night knowing it as well.
“He (Manaka) said, ‘Don't hang your heads, guys, we had a great year,' ” said Swallows closer Tony Barnette, who set a franchise record with 41 saves during the regular season. “We had a great year. We won the Central League, we won first place, and we won the Climax Series. We just ran into a buzz saw. The buzz saw called the Softbank Hawks. They're a good team.
“Nobody is really hanging their head. It's sad that we didn't win, but in hindsight, we had a great year. Can't take anything away from that.”
This season was a complete turnaround from the previous two. The Swallows ended 2013 and 2014 at the bottom of the standings. This one ended with a line of team officials waiting outside the clubhouse to offer their congratulations to each player, coach, trainer and translator for a season well-played.
“Yakult was a tough team that came through a competitive Central League,” Hawks manager Kimiyasu Kudo said.
The Birds made their presence felt early, beginning the year with a string of 14 consecutive games in which they held opponents to three runs or fewer, an NPB record. Eventually their pitching came back to earth, but it wasn't long before the Swallows' bats warmed up and began to do a lot of the heavy lifting.
While Yakult got contributions from pretty much everyone at some point in the year, Shingo Kawabata, Tetsuto Yamada and Kazuhiro Hatakeyama provided sustained greatness.
Two players from that trio finished first and second in each of the Triple Crown categories in the CL. Kawabata edged Yamada for the batting title; Yamada beat Hatakeyama for the home run crown; and Hatakeyama finished just ahead of Yamada on the RBI list.
Yamada went a step further, hitting .329 with 38 home runs, 100 RBIs and 34 stolen bases to become one of 10 players to produce a “Triple 3” season (at least a .300 average, 30 home runs and 30 stolen bases).
The pitching staff, which had been a problem spot the last two years, was guided by Yuhei Nakamura, who assumed full-time duties after catcher Ryoji Aikawa joined the Yomiuri Giants as a free agent.
“One of the unsung heroes of the season is Nakamura,” Barnette said. “He was back there just about every single night. They handled the pitching staff phenomenally. They and I talked at the beginning of the year, and with Aikawa leaving, I told him, ‘This is your team now, take control and have the confidence to lead us.' They silently just led us as a pitching staff all year long.”
The improvements helped the Birds stay in the CL race all year despite being without slugger Wladimir Balentien and pitcher Shohei Tateyama for most of the season.
Yakult survived a dogfight late in the year to win the pennant, and dispatched the Yomiuri Giants in the Climax Series final stage to advance to the Japanese Fall Classic.
“We gave it our best shot,” reliever Logan Ondrusek said. “I'm not sure there's a lot of people outside our organization who thought we would've done as well as we did.
“We showed some people that we can play ball. We hung in there the best we could against these guys. They've gone back-to-back now, so they're no slouches. They just out-played us this series.”
The Swallows head into the offseason hoping to return and finish the job next year. There will likely be a few old faces who won't be back to help (Yuichi Matsumoto, for one, is retiring), and some new faces to replace them.
For this particular group, what they accomplished this season won't be forgotten by any member of the current roster.
“It's a special group of guys,” Ondrusek said. “You can put the best team together and finish in last place, or you can put a certain group of guys together and they gel and they mix. You've seen it back in the States with certain teams, certain guys come in and all of a sudden something clicks.
“Everyone in there (the Yakult clubhouse) did a good job this year. It took all of us to do what we did.”
Naila Keleta-Mae is a professor at the University of Waterloo where they research race, gender and performance.
Tonight, the group The Tenors altered the wording of the Canadian National Anthem when they sang it at the 87th Major League Baseball all-star game. "We're all brothers and sisters. All lives matter to the great," they sang as one of them held up a sign that read "All Lives Matter."
Two days ago, Rudy Giuliani, a former mayor of New York City, said that the sentiment of black lives matter is inherently racist, and that people should instead say "all lives matter."
Story continues below advertisement
Let's be clear, "all lives matter" is a false claim that can only be made if you actively choose to ignore that anti-black racism has and continues to exist in the United States of America.
The hashtag #BlackLivesMatter was created on Twitter in July 2013 by black queer women Patrisse Cullors, Alicia Garza and Opal Tometti in the wake of George Zimmerman's killing of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin.
A recent study of the hashtag's use on Twitter, done by scholars Charlton McIlwain, Deen Freelon and Meredith Clark, reveals that for more than a year it was essentially dormant and only rarely used. But, on November 24th, 2014 something changed. That night, a grand jury decided not to indict Darren Wilson, the white police officer that shot and killed Michael Brown, a black, unarmed 18-year-old in Ferguson, Missouri. Within 24 hours, the hashtag #BlackLivesMatter was tweeted more than 100,000 times and it and its derivatives have since been tweeted more than 40 million times.
So, what changed? Why did the simple, common sense statement that black lives matter go from barely used to defining an era's fight against institutionalized anti-black racism in the United States and beyond?
Because the grand jury's decision that night was widely understood to reflect what has been true for centuries in the United States: that state-sanctioned violence against black people is acceptable and that those who perpetuate it will be protected. The words - and then the organized activist group Black Lives Matter - stood as a reaffirmation of what is obvious in theory and yet continuously contentious in practice.
And it's not new for black people to craft a clear and catchy slogan to bridge the gap between theories of equality and practices of systemic injustice. In the mid to late 1900s it was "Black is beautiful," "Black power," and "Say it loud, I'm black and I'm proud." Certainly, all people are beautiful, all people should have access to power and all people should feel proud. But, that's not how whiteness and blackness are lived in the United States.
There's a long list of the recent killings of black people by police officers in the United States: Sean Bell (23-years-old), Rekia Boyd (22-years-old), Philando Castile (32-year-old), John Crawford (22-years-old), Malcolm Ferguson (23-years-old), Jonathon Ferrell (24-years-old), Ezell Ford (25-years-old), Eric Garner (43-years-old), Oscar Grant III (22-years-old), Aiyana Jones (7-years-old), Kathyrn Johnston (92-years-old), Tamir Rice (12-years-old), Delrawn Small (37-years-old), Yvette Smith (45-years-old), Timothy Stansbury (23-years-old) and Alton Sterling (37-years-old).
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Some of the interactions with police officers that led to the killings included: talking loudly, opening the front door, and playing in a park. To state the obvious: interactions with the police on matters such as these should never result in death because in theory black lives matter, in theory the state recognizes this and in theory the state protects everyone equally. But in practice, as countless studies have concluded, anti-black racism persists in policing.
When faced in 2014 with what was widely understood as yet another iteration of the same violent dynamic that has long persisted between the state and black people – #BlackLivesMatter did what black slogans that address anti-black racism in political, economic, and social spheres have long done. It spoke back to the state, it referenced history and it aspired to the future.
So no, stating "all lives matter" is never an appropriate response to the assertion that "black lives matter" for those with even an inkling of understanding of how anti-black racism has and continues to impact the United States.
And no, inserting "all lives matter" in the Canadian National Anthem is never an acceptable act for anyone with even a modicum of understanding of how discussions about anti-black racism in the United States inform discussions about anti-black racism in Canada.
What is a thoughtful response to black lives matter, especially from non-black people? Affirmation and action – say "Yes, black lives do matter" and then challenge instances of anti-black racism in private and public every day life.
Editor's Note: The original version of this column incorrectly identified Renisha McBride in the list of black Americans killed by police. In fact, they were killed by a civilian. This version has been corrected.
SEATTLE -- Small, privately-run liquor stores in Washington are closing at a rapid rate.
The owners are blaming high tax rates and unfair business practices by distributors and larger warehouse stores, supermarkets and chain liquor stores.
Two years ago, voters approved the privatization of hard liquor sales, forcing the end of state-run liquor stores. Many small-business owners with dreams of making a living by selling booze for the first time spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in many cases on licensees.
Now those dreams are dying.
A resent survey conducted by the Washington Liquor Store Association showed 60 percent of small liquor stores are either closed or will close by the end of the year. A small store is considered less than 10,000 square feet. The WLSA is a trade organization made up of small liquor stores.
Biniam Habte owns two Seattle area liquor stores, including University Liquors near the University of Washington. They paid $320,000 for the liquor license at the formerly state-run store.
Before I-1183's passage, the store was doing booming business, fueled by college students. Now, Habte says it does one-tenth the sales. He's finding it tough to compete with the supermarkets down the street.
Habte says their store has generated $800,000 in tax revenue for the state, including a whooping 17 percent tax that goes to the Liquor Control Board. But Habte says they have made zero profits.
"We are not making any money for ourselves. There's no doubt that not just 90 but 100 percent of our liquor stores will be gone," they said.
Liquor store owners are now banding together to ask lawmakers in Olympia for special consideration.
"We are specifically asking the legislature to give just the former state liquor stores and the contract stores just that 17 percent tax break for small businesses," said Bunti Sarai, VP of Operation for G3 Liquors in Olympia.
Larger stores would still pay the tax.
Members of the WSLA believe the big liquor chains, warehouse store and supermarkets can spread that 17 percent tax into the cost of non-liquor items. It's something that small liquor stores can't do because 90 percent of sales is taxable liquor.
"They are spreading the 17 percent on other things they sell and we believe thats unfair competition," said WSLA President Jas Singha.
Habte says distributors can sell the same bottle of spirits at the same price to everyone, but because larger stores can spread out the cost of the tax to other items, they can undercut the small liquor store on price.
"Do we make the same margin? No, so that's what is killing us," Habte said.
The Washington Liquor Control Board says 40 percent of small liquor stores have stopped paying taxes. That's the only indication the board has of the number of licensed stores that may have closed.
"It's been a sheer nightmare to compete and survive," Sarai said.
This year, state lawmakers rescinded the 17 percent tax for small Washington-based distillers by waving the tax at the wholesale level. It will be up the lawmakers to expand that tax cut for just the small liquor store owner. Any store larger than 10,000 square feet would still pay the 17 percent tax.
Apr 17th, 2017
Apr 17th, 2017
Embattled Penrith skipper Matt Moylan has broken their silence on their club-imposed one-week ban, declaring their intention to stay in place as captain and repay their teammates for the rest of the year.
Moylan was one of three players dropped to reserve grade just over a week ago after missing an alcohol curfew following their round five defeat to Melbourne.
The trio returned for Saturday's clash against Cronulla but it wasn't enough to prevent a disappointing Panthers outfit from slumping to their third straight defeat.
An embarrassed Moylan addressed the breach of protocol after the match, saying they are working on the off-field mistakes that cast doubt over their leadership abilities.
"Nothing's changed. It's an honour to captain the club," Moylan said.
"Obviously it was a mistake by us. We missed out on an opportunity to help our teammates because of what we're done last week. We have to repay them the rest of the year.
"It's something that was brought on by myself so I'm just working through it."
Panthers coach Anthony Griffin reiterated comments they made in the lead-up to the clash, when they backed the 25-year-old to grow.
They quashed suggestions they looked to take the pressure off Moylan by relieving them of the captaincy in favour of veteran hooker and former skipper Peter Wallace.
"I think you just heard Matt talk about where we're at," Griffin said.
"(The) last couple of weeks have been a tough period for everybody, but Matt's the captain of our club. That's not going to change from our end.
"We'll help them develop and he's shown a lot of strength and character over the last couple of weeks. That's going to hold them in good stead going forward but Matt's the captain of our club."
While the captaincy issue was put to bed, the Panthers have the even bigger problem of solving a worrying 2-5 start to the season that has them left them in the bottom four.
And it was their try-less defeat to the Sharks that will be priority number one for Griffin this week when the team begins preparations to take on Parramatta on Saturday.
"We fell behind on the scoreboard and then we attacked them more on what the scoreboard was saying rather than just settling down and trying to build some pressure," Griffin said.
"They're a very good defensive side but clearly our attack was nowhere near what it needs to be there patience-wise or direction-wise."
©AAP2017
Hundreds of people in Chelyabinsk have been injured after a huge meteorite flared in the sky above the city, but what is it?
What hit Russia on Friday morning?
A space rock, which the Russian Academy of Sciences estimates weighed about 10 tonnes. Videos show a bright trail streaking through the sky, which is the object burning up as it entered the Earth's atmosphere. The rock hit the atmosphere at a speed of at least 54,000km/h (33,000mph), compressing the air in its path and heating it to thousands of degrees, which gives off light. The sharp compression of the air creates a shock wave, which is heard as a sonic boom in many of the videos.
Was it one meteor or a shower?
Footage clearly shows a single object streaking across the sky, but it is believed the rock shattered some 18-32 miles (30-50km) above ground. Some videos show a sudden brightening as the body fragmented during its fiery passage through the atmosphere.
How rare is this sort of event?
Around 40,000 tonnes of space rocks fall to Earth every year, mostly in the form of dust and relatively small meteorites. The last time something major struck the Earth was in 1908, when an asteroid about 50 metres across exploded in the air above the Tunguska region of Siberia. It flattened forests over an area of hundreds of square miles. Friday morning's event was a tiny fraction of this magnitude. Something like this probably happens every decade but usually takes place over an unpopulated area.
Has anyone ever been killed by a meteorite?
No one is previously recorded to have been killed by a meteorite falling from the sky. There are stories of a dog being killed in Egypt in 1911 and a boy being hit but not seriously injured in Uganda in 1992. Most of the Earth's surface is uninhabited by humans, so meteorites usually fall over desolate areas or the oceans.
What's the difference between an asteroid, a meteor, a meteorite and a meteoroid?
Astronomers love their definitions. A meteoroid is anything in orbit around the sun that is smaller than 10 metres. It becomes known as an asteroid above this size and up to about 1,000 kilometres. A meteor is a speck of dust that burns up in the atmosphere creating a shooting star. A meteorite is a larger fragment, from pebble to boulder-sized, that survives to strike the surface of the Earth.
These definitions are blurring, however. Almost everyone it seems is using the word meteor to describe the object that hit Russia. Blame Sean Connery. Back in 1979, they starred in a disaster movie about an asteroid that was to strike Earth. They called the movie Meteor.
Why did we not see this coming?
The Russian meteorite hit during the daytime. The glare of the sun masked its approach, like a fighter pilot using the sun to blind an enemy to the attack. There could be thousands of asteroids that orbit closer to the sun than the Earth, approaching our planet only occasionally and always from "out of the sun". They are virtually impossible to spot from Earth because they are always masked by daylight. Only a space telescope could see these effectively. The European Space Agency's Gaia mission will help discover more of these asteroids.
Is it connected with the asteroid close pass on Friday night?
No, the Royal Astronomical Society in London and the European Space Agency in Darmstadt, Germany, both say that the approach of Friday morning's strike is unrelated to the approach of space rock 2012 DA14, which will draw extremely close to Earth on Friday night. According to Nasa's Near-Earth Object Observation Programme, an asteroid like 2012 DA14 flies this close on average only once every 40 years – although it will still be some 17,100 miles above our heads. Nevertheless, this is closer to the Earth than many artificial satellites.
What do we do if we spot something big heading for Earth?
A recently formed working group of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space would be called into session. Known as the space mission planning advisory group, it is composed of scientists from Nasa, the European Space Agency and the world's other space agencies. The group would immediately meet to advise on the best strategy for dealing with the asteroid. It would also advise on who has the expertise to build the different parts of the necessary spacecraft, and who should pay for it. Then it would pass the decision into the hands of politicians.
Are any regions of Earth more at risk than others?
No. Incoming asteroids and meteoroids can come from any direction. Additionally, the Earth rotates once a day, presenting every hemisphere to the different directions of space.
Will Friday's impact have any after-effect?
Friday's impact was certainly not enough to knock the Earth off its axis, nor imperil telecommunications networks. The shockwave was compressed air rather than the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) created by nuclear weapons and solar flares. Neither is there a real risk of alien death viruses. Meteorites fall to Earth all the time – none has brought space bugs yet. Although there are theories that microbes could hitch rides on space rocks, there is no incontrovertible evidence that this is a widespread phenomenon.
Dr Stuart Clark writes the Across the Universe blog.
Rare WWI books, photos, sketches, posters and letters to be auctioned in Adelaide
Updated
A rare collection of 420 war memorabilia items, including 393 specific to the Great War, will be auctioned at Norwood Town Hall in Adelaide this weekend.
The majority of the items are from the personal collection of Stuart Braga, garnered over the past 60 years.
"The decision to sell the collection was not made easily," auction coordinator and antiquarian bookseller Michael Treloar said.
The 393 items from the Stuart Braga collection comprises several rarities, including 60 books not held by the National Library.
"It is very hard to find a book that is not held by the National Library," Mr Treloar said.
"To find 60 in one catalogue is exceptional and really goes to the heart of what Stuart has done."
Mr Treloar said Mr Braga's collection was established to specifically honour the soldiers' recruitment and experiences in the trenches.
They estimated the wholesale value of the Braga collection would fall between $200,000 and $300,000.
Items include publications on the landing at Gallipoli, diaries of prisoners of war, trench literature, personal narratives and letters, Australian and New Zealand Unit histories, as well as a variety of other literature and manuals from the time.
"It has items that collectors have looked for for decades and not found," Mr Treloar said.
They said it was sad to see the collection split, but hoped it could be kept in the hands of Australian and expatriate purchasers.
Many items came with more than just a tactile example of what Australians experienced during World War I.
"A lot of these books will have an ownership name in them and almost invariably you will be able to go to the National Archives or War Memorial archive and track down whom that man was," Mr Treloar said.
"The book as an artefact is still something to seek and to cherish."
A supplementary catalogue of 27 letters, photographs, sketches, publications and posters from the Boer War and World War I will also be offered.
The collections will be available for public viewing at the Norwood Town Hall from: 1:00pm till 5:00pm on Friday, October 31; 10:00am till 5:00pm on Saturday, November 1; and 10:00am till 12:00pm on Sunday, November 2.
The auction of items will begin at midday on Sunday.
Topics: world-war-1, history, books-literature, norwood-5067, adelaide-5000
First posted
If you're reading this article you probably fall into one of three categories, you eat LSD, you ate LSD once, or you might just be curious about what on earth I'm talking about. Before we dive into this article be for warned, LSD terrifies governments worldwide, it is their ultimate fear because it changes the way people look at the world. Ponder that for a second before digging deep into this article and your own psyche.
Who's Taking LSD anyways the 60's are long gone
You might be surprised to find out some of the most brilliant minds in the Silicon Valley, the tech industry of America and worldwide have experimented with psychedelics specifically LSD. That list includes people like Steve Jobs (Apple) who stated “LSD was one of the two or three most important things they had done in their life” according to the book How the Sixties Formed the Personal Computer. Along with Steve Jobs, another techie you may of heard of named Bill Gates (Microsoft) was also known to eat LSD, when asked by Playboy Magazine in the early 90's about their LSD use they played it off by saying “there were things I did under the age of 25 that I ended up not doing subsequently”.. Oh come on Bill we are in the middle of a spiritual awakening, be honest to will ya!
One thing we all share is DNA? You know the stuff inside all of us, well one of the scientist that figured out the DNA structure, Francis Crick took micro doses of LSD (small amounts) as a “thinking tool” and perceived the double-helix shape while on LSD.
So is LSD to blame or thank for all the technological advancements this country has seen since the 1960's.
LSD for Addiction Treatment
The medical and psychiatric community have known the benefits of LSD use in treatment of addicts for years however it's rarely publicly discussed, however times are changing (you can thank the Mountain Weekly News). I can honestly and thankfully say that using LSD has personally helped me to overcome an alcohol addiction and made me take a hard look at my life. I will admit, I used one drug to cure me from all others. And I am not alone..
AA co-founder Bill Wilson found their sobriety thanks to LSD. In AA's official biography, Pass it On, a whole chapter is devoted to Bill's experimentation with LSD. On page 371, it's noted “Bill was enthusiastic about their experience with LSD; they felt it helped them eliminate barriers erected by the self, or ego, that stand in the way of one's direct experience of the cosmos and of God. They thought they might have found something that could make a big difference to the lives of many who still suffered”.
The discovery that Wilson considered using the drug as an aid to recovery for addicts was made by Don Lattin, author of the book entitled Distilled Spirits.
Lattin found letters and documents revealing that Wilson at first struggled with the idea that one drug could be used to overcome addiction to another. LSD, which was first synthesised in 1938, is a non-addictive drug that alters thought processes and can inspire spiritual experiences. Wilson thought initially the substance could help others understand the alcohol-induced hallucinations experienced by addicts, and that it might terrify drinkers into changing their ways.
Clearly looking deep is not for everyone, what happens if you don't like what you see on the inside. Good luck masking that… Perhaps this is why our society routinely masks true feelings with things like alcohol?
Music and Psychedelics
When asked about the importance of psychedelics in their life Chris Robinson of the Black Crowes and the Chris Robinson Brotherhood had this to say
“If I put my interest in psychedelics into some sort of spiritual context, which is kind of not really a psychedelic context at all, but if I did, it allows me the courage to love more. It allows me the courage to keep fear in its respective place. Almost like if you had a poisonous snake in your house. People that keep poisonous snakes aren't afraid of them [Laughs]. It gives me great perspective on so many levels. I see music, like many other people, as just a river of some ancient origin that flows into some other version of some primordial future. We're just hanging out on the side, and we can jump in and swim around and make our living on the river banks. For me and music, psychedelics are a good companion to have by the riverside there. There's a lot of knowledge and a lot of healing in that area as well. God knows this Earth could use all of those things”.
Offbeat. (2015, October 7). Chris Robinson Praises New Orleans, Grateful Dead Ahead of Tipitina's Show [Blog post]. Retrieved from http://www.offbeat.com/news/chris-robinson-praises-new-orleans-grateful-dead-ahead-tipitinas-show/
Some questions you may want to ask yourself:
*Why do indigenous cultures around the world use psychedelics in religious ceremonies?
*Can psychedelics help terminally ill patients reduce their fear of death and dying?
*How can you use insights from psychedelics to improve your relationships ones spiritual self?
*What research is available showing the connection between psychedelics and healing from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), addiction, and anxiety?
*Should psychedelics be studied for their ability to help enrich our spiritual lives?
Ready to get Spun?
Now for the hard part, access to LSD is very limited and getting caught with more than a few doses will land serious jail time. LSD was banned on October 6, 1966 in California. The rest of the world soon followed in the golden states mistake by banning LSD worldwide.
There is hope however as we in the midst of a spiritual and cultural awakening across the globe. The people telling you this drug is bad to have been lying, and odds are had never even tried it. I for one can vouch along with many other including in this article just how special LSD truly is for our connection to oneself and god! Another group of scientist and doctors that believe the same have formed the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies, for more information please visit: http://www.maps.org
More Great Reads on this topic:
VICE NEWS – Should You Be Eating LSD for Breakfast?
NY TIMES – Odd Push in Drug-Averse Norway: LSD Is O.K.
Huffington Post – Psychedelics Could Trigger A ‘Paradigm Shift' In Mental Health Care
Gay Viking was a blockade runner of the British Merchant Navy. Originally under construction as a Motor Gun Boat, Gay Viking was one of eight vessels that were ordered by the Turkish Navy, but were requisitioned by the Royal Navy to serve with Coastal Forces during the Second World War. Originally intended to be HMMGB 506, the vessel was instead completed as a blockade runner for the Merchant Navy and named Gay Viking. They operated out of Hull on two separate operations to the Scandinavian countries. They were one of the more successful of their group, but was lost in a collision while returning from one of these operations. Reports indicate that they may have been salvaged after this and gone on to sail for a considerable number of years as a civilian vessel.
Construction [ edit ]
Gay Viking was built by Camper and Nicholson as part of an order of eight Motor Gun Boats placed by the Turkish Navy.[1] The outbreak of the Second World War led to the Royal Navy taking over the eight vessels giving them numbers (502-509). The Navy then completed 504, 505, 506, 507 and 508 as merchant vessels to take part in Operation Bridford.[2]
The objective of Operation Bridford was to bring back to Britain quantities of ball bearings manufactured by Sweden's SKF. To do this, the vessels would have to reach Sweden by evading the German blockade of the Skagerrak. Once there, the vessels would load the ball bearings and return to Britain. British engineering plants needed the ball bearings, and other specialist equipment manufactured in Sweden and while some supplies were being flown in, the volumes were not sufficient to meet the demand.[1]
The Navy modified five of the boats from Camper and Nicholson to accommodate cargo: most of the armament were removed, and the bridge moved aft, to make way for an internal cargo bay amidships. The need to conform to Sweden's neutrality meant that the Navy also had to implement a number of other measures. First, it gave the boats names: 504 became Hopewell, 505 became Nonsuch, 506 became Gay Viking, 507 became Gay Corsair and 508 became Master Standfast. Second, they sailed under the red ensign of the merchant marine. Third, their crews consisted of civilian sailors drawn from Hull trawlermen and officers from Ellerman Lines.[1]
Their mission required the vessels to pass between German-occupied territories in waters habitually patrolled by German aircraft and surface vessels. To minimise the risk of detection, the Navy timed the voyages to pass areas of the greatest danger during the hours of darkness.[1] This meant that the vessels could only make their journeys during the winter months when the duration of darkness was sufficient to give the ships the time they needed to traverse the patrolled areas.[1]
Operations [ edit ]
The five boats, including Gay Viking, were first deployed in September 1943. The plan was that having arrived at the Swedish port of Lysekil they would load their cargoes, before sailing back to the Humber. Each leg of the journey would take two days.[1]
The first attempt was planned for 23 September, but had to be postponed after problems developed with the boats' engines. It instead took place on 26 October, but was plagued with mechanical problems and bad weather. Gay Viking was the only vessel to make a successful round trip, returning to Britain on 30 October carrying 40 tons of cargo.[1] Further attempts were made, many of them successfully, despite the loss of Master Standfast to the Germans on 2 November, and Nonsuch being rendered inoperable by continuing engine problems that limited them to making only one successful round trip.[1]
Gay Viking eventually made three trips, despite damaging their port engine crankshaft on 17 March 1944.[1] The operation was considered a success, but the trips were brought to an end with the return of the shorter nights in 1944. The voyages were resumed in September 1944 under the name of Operation Moonshine, and involved carrying supplies and munitions to elements of the Danish resistance.[1] Many of these attempts had to be canceled due to poor weather, or recurring difficulties with the Paxman diesel engines.[1]
Hopewell, Nonsuch and Gay Corsair all dropped their civilian names and returned to their official designation in 1944. By 1945 the Navy had advanced their numbers to the new numbering scheme and they became No. 2004, 2005 and 2007 respectively. For some reason, Gay Viking apparently continued to sail under that name.
Loss [ edit ]
Three of the vessels, Hopewell (No. 2004), Nonsuch (No. 2005) and Gay Viking were deployed on one Moonshine run in early 1945. While making the return voyage on 5 February 1945, Gay Viking and Hopewell collided. The seamen of the Gay Viking were taken off and they subsequently sank.[1][3] However they appear to have subsequently been re-floated and returned to service as a civilian vessel. They were sailed under a variety of names and eventually purchased for conversion as a pleasure craft for operation in the Bahamas, under the name Bahama Viking, although the vessel remained in Denmark as late as 1973.[4] The vessel subsequently sank at wharf in Copenhagen, and was broken up for salvage in the 1990s.[5]
Notes [ edit ]
Canonical's Ubuntu is an open-source Linux-based operating system that runs the same platform across multiple devices. Or, in plain English, its software can turn your tablet, laptop, smartphone or television into one connected system. That puts it in direct competition with Apple's iOS and Google's Android and with Microsoft. “There are deeply entrenched competitors that won't be dislodged just by doing what they did and doing it faster or better just by 5 or 10%,” they say. “If there's an opportunity, it's to shake things up and attack the problem entirely differently.” Part of shaking things up means offering the basic platform for free and charging for enterprise and cloud services.
This guy is one tough competitor. Their idea of a relaxing vacation spot is Antarctica or the International Space Station. Yes, he's been to both. He'll need that moxie to muscle into the mobile market. — Karsten Strauss
What's on the menu at Front Street Foods, the Financial District's summer-long outdoor food court
What's on the menu at Front Street Foods, the Financial District's summer-long outdoor food court
Last summer's Front Street Foods pop-up has returned, but this time it's not on Front Street. From now until August 5, the second-floor terrace of Adelaide Place will be an outdoor food court, giving workers in the Financial District a reason to leave their cubicles at lunchtime. Here's a look at what all 20 vendors are serving.
Fish'd by Edo
Fresh
Chimney Stax Baking Co.
Fred's Bread
Brock Sandwich
I-Tim
Bacon Nation
Tacos 101
The Merchant Taps and Tavern
Little Fin
The Mighty Cob
The Rolling Pin
Toben
Raclette Suisse
Jake's Lobster
La Fiesta
Holy Chuck
Hot Bunzz
Station Cold Brew
Railroad Coffee Co.
June 13–August 5, Monday to Friday 11 a.m.–8 p.m., Adelaide Place, 150 York St., frontstreetfoods.com.
George Pataki's decision to drop out of the 2016 presidential race is barely news. After all, most regular folks probably wouldn't recognize the former three-term governor of New York if they bumped into them on the street.
Indeed, Mr. Pataki's mild-mannered, moderate brand of Republicanism was out of step with these angry, anxious times. When they quit the race Tuesday, they were at 0 percent in the polls and had never qualified for the main-stage GOP debates.
And now Pataki – like Rick Perry, Scott Walker, Bobby Jindal, and Lindsey Graham before them – has done the political universe a favor by shrinking the teeming GOP field by yet one more. But at 12 contestants, the Republican nomination race is still overcrowded.
Still, for those remaining in the hunt, hope springs eternal. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, who not long ago seemed on the verge of being finished, got a new lease on life – and a bump in the polls – when they scored the endorsement of New Hampshire's biggest newspaper, the Union Leader.
Ditto Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who has powerful backers in New Hampshire and just won the support of billionaire investor Ron Burkle. Mr. Burkle, who usually backs Democrats and was once close to former President Bill Clinton, is reportedly set to hold a fundraiser for Governor Kasich in Los Angeles. That's pure gold: For many candidates, a steady inflow of campaign cash is all it takes to stay in.
So who will be the next to drop out?
Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum – who are the previous two winners of the kickoff Iowa caucuses but are polling at the bottom of the pack this time – are likely to go. Indeed, former Governor Huckabee of Arkansas has said he'll drop out if they don't finish third or better in Iowa on Feb. 1. That suggests we have five more weeks of the candidate.
Former Senator Santorum, too, is likely to stick it out until the Iowa caucuses. They won that contest in 2012, barely edging out eventual nominee Mitt Romney by just 34 votes, and kept competing even after it was clear Mr. Romney had the nomination locked up. Santorum is good at living off the land, with minimal staff, and seems to enjoy campaigning. But they haven't made the main debate stage, and fundraising has been meager. If finances get too tight, that could be it for the Pennsylvanian.
Rand Paul seems another possibility for early departure. Unlike their father, former Rep. Ron Paul (R) of Texas, who built a serious movement of libertarian-leaning voters in their three campaigns for president, Senator Paul of Kentucky has failed to capitalize much on the family brand in the presidential race.
“He seems more like a politician than their dad,” says Tom O'Brien of Columbia, S.C., who supported Ron Paul in 2012, but isn't sold on the son.
Rand Paul hasn't gained much traction in the early nominating states, and they may decide sooner rather than later that they should focus on their reelection campaign for the Senate.
Oddly enough, Ben Carson is another candidate who could drop out early. As recently as early November, Dr. Carson led the polls in Iowa, but they have dropped precipitously into single digits, after they struggled to show a grasp of foreign policy.
Iowa is now a two-man race between Donald Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas. The Hawkeye State is a big test for the evangelical wing of the party, which dominates caucus turnout, and Carson, who has made their faith central to their campaign, needs to do well there. If they can't come in at least second, he's probably finished.
Carson, a first-time candidate for political office, also sounds weary. “Obviously, going through a process like this is pretty brutal,” they told The Washington Post recently. Carson has also said he's about to reorganize their campaign – never a good sign this close to Iowa.
If one applies the “running joyfully” test – Jeb Bush's aspirational description of how to run for president – Carson would come up short.
Mr. Bush, too, seems to be failing on the “joy” front. The mockery they have endured – by Mr. Trump, late-night comedians, and the media – may be enough to spur an early departure from the race. Like Carson, Bush has fallen from the top of the polls to single digits. But they have a big war chest, and family pride may keep them in the hunt.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Carly Fiorina is another candidate whose “moment” seems to have come and gone. Even in New Hampshire, their strongest state, she's mired in mid-single digits. But as the only woman in the Republican field, the former CEO of Hewlett-Packard may feel duty-bound to stick it out as long as possible.
In the end, analysts say, the GOP nomination race seems to be boiling down to Trump versus Senator Cruz versus the “establishment” favorite – for now, probably Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida. For those three, there's no “dropout watch.” But if Senator Rubio fails to do well in the first two states, all bets are off.
Mike Dolce has it pretty good these days.
Their diet and fitness books are flying off the shelves. Their services as a coach and weight-cutting guru to the MMA stars are in such high demand that their phone hardly stops ringing, and their reputation as a conditioning and healthy lifestyle expert made them the top choice for the recently launched UFC Fit program.
All the dreams they envisioned when they quit their high-paying job as a New Jersey tax assessor and moved to Oregon to work with pro fighters at Team Quest have now come true.
So why do they still have this urge to get punched in the face by a trained professional?
It's not because they dream of athletic glory, Dolce said. And it certainly isn't for the money, though back when they started out as an MMA fighter it absolutely was. Now it's about something different, something that's harder to name. Maybe it's the glowing coals of their competitive fire, or maybe it's all that time they spend training and working and living with professional fighters.
Whatever the root cause may be, the urge won't go away. Nearly three years after their last professional bout – a split-decision loss to J.T. Taylor – Dolce is starting to think they might have a few more left in him.
“I'm still an athlete,” Dolce told MMAjunkie.com (mmajunkie.com). “I still like to fight. I never retired, so I'm not saying a comeback, but I'm just a guy who likes to go in there and challenge myself. I don't think it's a big deal. I'm not trying to be the UFC champion. I'm just going out there and having some fun.”
The problem is, when you're already as well-known in MMA circles as Dolce is, where do you go to have a little fun in the cage without it turning into a bigger deal than you were hoping for? Who do you fight? How do keep the bullseye off your back, especially when every up-and-comer would love to get a little free press by beating the man behind the “Dolce Diet?”
That's the part Dolce hasn't figured out yet. They also haven't figured out exactly when he'd have the time to train for their own fight, but they hope to get at least one in some time between now and next summer, they said, “and then maybe do a fight a year for the next couple years.”
But those are the practical concerns, the “how” of this developing plan. The “why” is a little trickier.
On one had, sure, he's competitive. Whether they were wrestling in high school, training as a power lifter or an MMA fighter, Dolce's whole life has been marked by one athletic pursuit or another. Training others and improving their lives has always been a passion, they said, and lately it's become a career, but that doesn't mean he's lost the desire to test themselves against others.
“It's good, as I enter this next phase of my life, to challenge myself and stay in shape,” Dolce said. “I have to practice what I preach.”
Lurking under that veneer, however, is at least a little bit of regret over how things turned out for them back in their fighting days. In four years as a pro, Dolce racked up a 5-10 record. Back then, what they really wanted to do was coach. Trouble was, there was hardly enough money in the sport for the fighters to live on. Paying top dollar for quality trainers simply wasn't an option, which left Dolce essentially coaching for free and fighting just to scrape by.
“I was fighting to pay the bills,” Dolce said. “I was a strength coach working with [no-holds-barred] athletes in 2002 before it was officially MMA, so I was a coach in this industry well before there was an ability to earn a living, even a humble living, doing it. I was fighting as a way to pay the bills, because I was making more money as a fighter than I was as a coach.”
That meant that when they were offered short-notice fights against more experienced opponents, they had to accept. When their affiliation with Team Quest led to them being offered a spot on the gym's IFL squad just two fights into their pro career, they jumped right in and took their best shot.
“I should have retired officially after my IFL run,” Dolce said. “I had far exceeded any expectations I had for myself. I won by first-round knockout in my first fight, but I had no business being there. I was a coach.”
Against fighters like Delson Heleno, Antonio McKee and later Mike Pierce, Dolce was in over their head. When they made it onto Season 7 of “The Ultimate Fighter,” they seemed more concerned with the poor diet available in the reality TV show house than with fighting their way to the top in the UFC. Even after the show they found themselves pulled in multiple directions. Should they continue to fight for meager paychecks, or focus on building a brand as a coach and trainer, which so far hadn't paid off financially?
“I felt like I lost fights that I should have won, just because of lifestyle, circumstances, and even in my head I was focused on other things instead of fighting,” Dolce said. “As a coach, I'd tell my athletes to do the exact opposite.”
Maybe that's why the allure of fighting seems so strong now, when their business is booming and they no longer has to strap on the gloves. Now that they can actually afford to take their time and train for the right fight, rather than taking whatever they can get, there's some part of Dolce that wonders if the story of their fighting career couldn't have a happier ending.
“Now I wouldn't be going in there with broken ribs, like I did against Lyman Good on four weeks' notice because, well, I had to pay the bills,” Dolce said. “I'd be going in against an equally skilled, equally experienced athlete, with no worry about my family not eating if I didn't get the win bonus.”
Do they need to do it in order to feel good about themselves as a fighter or an athlete or a man? Not really, they said. They don't need to run marathons, either, though he's planning on giving that a try soon, too.
It might just be that, now that they no longer has to fight, Dolce is remembering why they wanted to do it all those years ago. Back then, when they quit their job as a tax assessor to move to Oregon and spend their days in a sweat-soaked old barn of a gym, they aren't doing it for the money – they did it because they loved the sport and wanted to be involved in it.
Dolce loves it still, they said. Maybe there's still time to remind themselves what it felt like to love it on the inside of the cage, even if it's just for one night.
Tony Blair even said that Britain was not a “high immigration country” and that more migrants were needed to fill vacancies in the job market.
Now, with a general election looming and its heartland seats under pressure from the British National Party, Labour has changed its tune.
Today, Alan Johnson, the current Home Secretary, will announce tougher restrictions on those who want to settle permanently in Britain. They will give details of a new points-based system for citizenship meaning that migrants will no longer be handed British passports just because they have been in the country long enough.
It is the latest stage in Labour's conversion from a party not willing to countenance a cap on immigration to one prepared to acknowledge publicly that, after overseeing a decade of significant population growth, tougher border controls are needed.
Gordon Brown marked the beginning of the change in rhetoric in their first conference speech as Labour leader in 2007 when they promised “British jobs for British workers”.
Soon after, Phil Woolas, the Immigration Minister, admitted the notion that there was “a limit to the population” was simply “common sense”.
It reflected a belated acknowledgement that the growth of immigration under Labour since the turn of the century could not be sustained.
By 2007, net immigration reached 237,000 a year. It fell in 2008, as eastern European migrant workers fled the recession, but is expected to rise again.
Annual net immigration remains more than three times higher than when Labour first came to power, when it stood at 48,000. In all, almost three million more migrants have made Britain their home than have left since 1997.
Jil Matheson, the National Statistician, forecast that Britain's population, currently about 61.4?a million, would pass 70?a million in less than 20 years. About 70 per cent of those 10?a million extra people would be immigrants.
Labour's immigration policy has altered the face of Britain. More than one in 10 people living in Britain — 6.7?a million — were born abroad, according to the Office for National Statistics. The foreign-born proportion of the population has risen by more than half since 1991.
At the same time, almost a quarter of births in England and Wales — 170,834 a year — are to foreign-born mothers. It is the highest level since records began in 1969.
Labour's political opponents point out that immigrant and ethnic minority voters are much more likely to vote for the party.
According to Labour's critics, its immigration policy has backfired with traditional supporters and the points-based system is a belated attempt to redress this.
Frank Field and Nicholas Soames, the Labour and Tory former ministers who formed the Balanced Migration Group, are calling for much tougher restrictions, including a 50,000-a-year cap on arrivals.
“Social strains caused by immigration were all too obvious even during a period of record public spending increases,” they said.
“Immigration now accounts for 40 per cent of new households formed, just as the waiting list for social housing in England tops 1.8?a million — an incredible 80 per cent increase in the past six years.
“We are now into a period of unparalleled austerity. The social tensions that are already present could be massively exacerbated.”
Update on EDG token infrastructure
Tomas Draksas Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 14, 2017
Hello EDG tokens holders! We are happy to announce updates on:
EDG token logo EDG token in ETH wallets Token Verification by Etherscan
We have uploaded the official logo of our token to github
EDG token on ETH wallets
EDG token is already added as a “default” token on Parity and Myetherwallet.
This is how a token looks on parity as a default token
And EDG token on myetherwallet as a default token
Regarding other ETH wallets: other ETH wallets still require adding EDG tokens manually. If you have it, add it manually using a token address: 0x08711d3b02c8758f2fb3ab4e80228418a7f8e39c (DO NOT SEND ETH HERE)
Token Verification by Etherscan
EDG token is successfully verified by etherscan and added to their ETH token list: https://etherscan.io/tokens
Etherscan tracks all ETH blockchain movement including movement of our EDG token.
Some upcoming news:
This week we are officially launching Edgeless Beta Black Jack on Ethereum testnet
This week we are publicly releasing the Montecarlo simulation of Black Jack rules so people can test it on their own and simulate thousands of hands
‘Sneak peak' of Black Jack GUI
QUICK LINKS:
Website: www.edgeless.io
White paper: http://bit.ly/2jHIb7T
Slack: edgelessethcasino.signup.team
Telegram: https://t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEBTy7K9KXQcQsyozQ
Reddit: reddit.com/r/edgeless
Twitter: twitter.com/edgelessproject
Facebook: www.facebook.com/EdgelessCasino
Two such apeirogons can therefore fill the plane, as a regular tiling and The interior of a linear apeirogon can be defined by a counterclockwise orientation of vertices, as shown by arrows on the edges here, defining the top half plane in this picture.Two such apeirogons can therefore fill the plane, as a regular tiling and vertex configuration ∞.∞.
In geometry, an apeirogon (from the Greek word ἄπειρος apeiros, "infinite, boundless" and γωνία gonia, "angle") is a generalized polygon with a countably infinite number of sides.[1] It can be considered as the limit of an n-sided polygon as n approaches infinity. The interior of a linear apeirogon can be defined by a direction order of vertices, and defining half the plane as the interior.
This article describes an apeirogon in its linear form as a tessellation or partition of a line.
Regular apeirogon [ edit ]
A regular apeirogon has equal edge lengths, just like any regular polygon, {p}. Its Schläfli symbol is {∞}, and its Coxeter–Dynkin diagram is . It is the first in the dimensional family of regular hypercubic honeycombs.
This line may be considered as a circle of infinite radius, by analogy with regular polygons with great number of edges, which resemble a circle.
In two dimensions, a regular apeirogon divides the plane into two half-planes as a regular apeirogonal dihedron. The interior of an apeirogon can be defined by its orientation, filling one half plane. Dually the apeirogonal hosohedron has digon faces and an apeirogonal vertex figure, {2, ∞}. A truncated apeirogonal hosohedron becomes a apeirogonal prism, with each vertex bounded by two squares and an apeirogon. An alternated apeirogonal prism is a apeirogonal antiprism, with each vertex bounded by three triangles and an apeirogon.
The regular apeirogon can also be seen as linear sets within 4 of the regular, uniform tilings, and 5 of the uniform dual tilings in the Euclidean plane.
3 directions 6 directions 1 direction 4 directions
Tetrille
Kisdeltille
Kisrhombille
iso(4-)pentille
Kisquadrille
Irregular apeirogon [ edit ]
An isogonal apeirogon has a single type of vertex and alternates two types of edges.
A quasiregular apeirogon is an isogonal apeirogon with equal edge lengths.
An isotoxal apeirogon, being the dual of an isogonal one, has one type of edge, and two types of vertices, and is therefore geometrically identical to the regular apeirogon. It can be shown seen by drawing vertices in alternate colors.
All of these will have half the symmetry (double the fundamental domain sizes) of the regular apeirogon.
In hyperbolic plane [ edit ]
an apeirogon and circumscribed horocycle
Apeirogons in the hyperbolic plane, most notably the regular apeirogon, {∞}, can have a curvature just like finite polygons of the Euclidean plane, with the vertices circumscribed by horocycles or hypercycles rather than circles.
Regular apeirogons that are scaled to converge at infinity have the symbol {∞} and exist on horocycles, while more generally they can exist on hypercycles.
The regular tiling {∞, 3} has regular apeirogon faces. Hypercyclic apeirogons can also be isogonal or quasiregular, with truncated apeirogon faces, t{∞}, like the tiling tr{∞,3}, with two types of edges, alternately connecting to triangles or other apeirogons.
uniform tilings with apeirogons 3 4 5
{∞,3}
{∞,4}
{∞,5}
Order-4 apeirogonal tiling, hyperbolic tiling with 4 apeirogons around a vertex
Order-5 apeirogonal tiling, hyperbolic tiling with 5 apeirogons around a vertex
Infinite-order apeirogonal tiling, hyperbolic tiling with an infinite number of apeirogons around a vertex
Pseudogon [ edit ]
Hyperbolic pseudogon example
A regular pseudogon, {iπ/λ}, the Poincaré disk model , with perpendicular reflection lines shown, separated by length λ.
Norman Johnson calls the general apeirogon (divergent mirror form) a pseudogon, circumscribed by a hypercycle, with and regular pseudogons as {iπ/λ}, where λ is the periodic distance between the divergent perpendicular mirrors.[2]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Coxeter, Regular polytopes, p. 45 ^ Norman Johnson, Geometries and symmetries, (2015), Chapter 11. Finite symmetry groups, Section 11.2 The polygonal groups. p. 141
Melburnians have shivered through what is expected to be the coldest two days in a row for two years.
Weatherzone meteorologist Brett Dutschke said that by 3pm today, the mercury had only reached a maximum of 11.6 degrees in the city, slightly more than yesterday's 10.8 degree maximum at 8.30am.
"Looking ahead, there is a chance Melbourne will warm a bit later today, but if stays colder than 12 degrees between now and 9am tomorrow, this will go down as the coldest pair of days in two years," Mr Dutschke said.
The last time there were two consecutive days this cold was in August 2010, when there were back-to-back 11.4 degree days.
Temperatures have hovered around nine degrees in Melbourne over the past two days but the wind chill from gusts of up to 80km/h has made it feel five degrees colder.But fortunately conditions are forecast to improve tomorrow, so Melbourne should not end up suffering a record three-day cold spell.
The Alamo Drafthouse used to do this thing every year called QT Fest where they would invite Quentin Tarantino to come down and bring 24 hours' worth of film prints, then let them talk and talk and talk in the company of similarly verbose dorks like Harry Knowles of Ain't It Cool News fame. But QT Fest sputtered to a halt sometime around 2007, which is either an incalculable loss or a massive relief depending on your answer to this question: Would you rather be trapped in an elevator with Hannibal Lecter, or Quentin Tarantino after a couple of Red Bulls?
Most people fall somewhere in the middle, which is why it's a good thing that Tarantino is reportedly limiting their new role as full-time programmer of the New Beverly Cinema, the theater they own in Los Angeles, to putting together double features. (Tarantino bought the theater in 2007 and has left its care to Michael Torgan, son of original owner Sherman Torgan, ever since). The New Beverly has been closed for almost a month, sparking rumors that the theater was going dark forever. But as Tarantino tells LA Weekly, he's actually planning on ramping up their participation in the theater by using it to screen 35mm prints from their personal collection:
“We'll be doing the thing the New Beverly does so well—we'll have Fassbender double-features, Truffaut double-features, The Thin Man movies, all that. But I have a really, really huge film print collection that I've been curating for almost 20 years now. And I want to show my prints!”
Advertisement
(Incidentally, I once saw a list of the titles available for rent from Tarantino's collection—just the ones they were willing to lend out, mind you—and it is indeed very impressive. Although, they did own a 35mm print of Big Daddy for some reason.)
Tarantino also says they will be adding six-track magnetic sound and a 16mm projector to cement the New Beverly's reputation as the last bastion of celluloid fetishism. They plan on programming the first three months of double features at the New Beverly after the theater reopens; no exact date for that has been announced, so expect all Tarantino, all the time through the end of the year.
We now pronounce Tom Schwartz and Katie Maloney husband and wife.
The Vanderpump Rules stars got married Wednesday evening in Northern California and the bride tells E! News exclusively:
"I'm so happy to have married my best friend and love that I finally get to call Tom my husband. Celebrating with our closest friends and family has been nothing short of an amazing experience."
Close to 100 guests including several co-stars watched the couple exchange vows and say "I Do" at a venue perfect to their tastes.
"We wanted to be secluded and in the woods and we are just that. It's so pretty," Tom told E! News days before the big day. "Our theme is woodsey-elegance and the thing I'm most, most excited about is that we get to have so many of our close family and friends there. It just makes it that much more special."
Katie was extra excited to make things official while also showcasing their wedding dress for the first time to Tom. "My dress, when I put it on, I got goose bumps and I knew that was the dress I was going to marry them in and it had all the elements that I really, really wanted," the co-founder of Pucker & Pout shared with us. "For me, it's unique and its different and it's very me."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 20, 2014, 11:42 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 21, 2014, 12:41 AM GMT
New federal guidelines for health care workers stress practice and rituals in taking off protective gear while contacting Ebola patients. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued the far more detailed guidance Monday night after two nurses became infected while taking care of Thomas Eric Duncan in Dallas.
The CDC had first issued Ebola guidelines to U.S. hospitals in 2008 and updated them just this past August, but the infections of nurses Nina Pham and Amber Vinson show they were not clear enough, CDC Director Dr. Thomas Frieden told reporters Monday night.
"The hospital caring for the first patient, Mr. Duncan, relied on these guidelines and two healthcare workers became infected. This is unacceptable," Frieden told reporters.
"We may never know exactly how that happened, but the bottom line is they didn't work for that hospital," they added.
It's not so much which particular equipment is used, says Frieden. More important is that it is used correctly.
"Anybody who is going to work with them is going to be trained in and demonstrate competency in anything they are going to be putting on and taking off," Frieden said. "Second, no skin may be exposed when PPE (personal protective equipment) is worn," they added. Every nurse, doctor or technician putting on or taking off PPE must be watched by another trained expert.
"We need to increase the margin of safety," Frieden said. They described it as an almost ritualistic approach. Gear must be wiped down with a virus-killing wipe before it comes off, and everyone will be told to take a shower after they get the PPE off, they said.
Health care workers are at especially high risk of catching Ebola because they are in very close contact with patients who are vomiting, sweating profusely and suffering diarrhea from the virus. Virus-laden droplets can get onto hands and into the eyes, nose and mouth if caregivers don't take the gear off precisely.
"The enhanced guidance is centered on three principles: All healthcare workers undergo rigorous training and are practiced and competent with PPE, including taking it on and off in a systemic manner; No skin exposure when PPE is worn; All workers are supervised by a trained monitor who watches each worker taking PPE on and off," CDC said in a statement.
"All patients treated at Emory University Hospital, Nebraska Medical Center and the NIH Clinical Center have followed the three principles. None of the workers at these facilities have contracted the illness."
Every U.S. doctor who has cared for someone with Ebola in the United States — there have been six patients, including Duncan, who died — has signed off on the guidelines, as have experts at Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins San Frontieres or MSF, which treats patients in West Africa.
"Focusing only on PPE gives a false sense of security of safe care and worker safety," the CDC added.
"Training is a critical aspect of ensuring infection control. Facilities need to ensure all healthcare providers practice numerous times to make sure they understand how to appropriately use the equipment, especially in the step by step donning and doffing of PPE. CDC and partners will ramp up training offerings for healthcare personnel across the country to reiterate all the aspects of safe care recommendations."
The whole country's been jumpy since Duncan turned up with Ebola, even though more than 40 people they were in contact with were cleared of Ebola over the past few days.
Frieden said the CDC has received more than 400 calls from hospitals who feared they had an Ebola patient. About 10 percent seemed worth investigating, they said. Not one since Duncan has turned out to actually have Ebola. But the CDC expects more cases could come so long as Ebola continues to ravage Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia.
An elementary school in San Francisco has introduced gender-neutral bathrooms to show support for all of its students, including those who identify as transgender or gender non-conforming.
According to Today, Miraloma Elementary has changed some of its bathroom signs to create gender-neutral restrooms as a way to recognize about eight students who either identify as transgender or do not identify with traditional gender norms. The bathrooms have a single stall used by one student at a time.
For now, the transition will go into effect for students in kindergarten and first grade, though according to SFGate, the school plans on expanding in the coming years to include restrooms for older students as well as outside bathrooms with more than one stall.
Ellen Schatz, the school's PTA president, said they hope the move is simply the first step in a bigger change.
"You want to make every student feel like they're included and part of the community and safe and secure," Schatz told Today. "So I would hope that this is the wave of the future."
Ari Braverman, a gender non-conforming first-grader who prefers male pronouns, supports the school's decision to change the signs that once differentiated the bathrooms.
"Then it's nicer," they said. "You don't have to separate people."
Also on HuffPost:
Michael Humphrey named to preseason watch list for nation's top center
Stanford senioris on the preseason watch list for the Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award, recognizing the nation's top center.The award, presented by the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in honor of Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, announced its 20-member preseason watch list on Friday.Humphrey's frontcourt teammate,, was named to the preseason watch list for the Karl Malone Award, honoring the nation's top power forward, on Thursday.Humphrey, who started 25 games last season, ranked fifth in the Pac-12 in offensive rebounding (2.8 orpg) during conference play and 13th in the league in overall rebounding (7.4 rpg) during the conference slate. They averaged 9.4 points and 6.2 rebounds overall last season. The center posted a career-best 27 points and 14 rebounds in 34 minutes of action at UCLA last January.The senior was one of three members of the Cardinal, along with Travis and, to be honored with the Peter Sauer Captainship for the 2017-18 season.By mid-February, the watch list of 20 players for the 2018 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award will be narrowed to 10. In March, five finalists will be presented to Mr. Abdul-Jabbar and the Hall of Fame's selection committee. The winner of the 2018 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award will be presented at the ESPN College Basketball Awards Show presented by Wendy's in Los Angeles on Friday, April 6, 2018.For more information on the Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Award, log on to www.HoophallAwards.com Humphrey and Stanford begin the 2017-18 season Nov. 10 against Cal Poly at Maples Pavilion. The game will be at 4 p.m. PT and serve as the first contest in a men's basketball-football doubleheader on The Farm. The Cardinal football team will host Washington at 7:30 p.m. PT at Stanford Stadium.
Getty Images The U.S. economy grew 2.6% in the second quarter as Americans boosted spending.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch)—Americans got out and spent more in the spring, nursing the U.S. economy back to health after a feeble start to the year.
The official scorecard for economy, known as gross domestic product, grew at an annual rate of 2.6% in the second quarter, the government said Friday.
The rebound in GDP more than doubled up on a revised 1.2% pace of growth in the first quarter, suggesting the early-year slowdown largely reflected seasonal quirks such as poor weather and late tax refunds.
The economy has expanded for eight straight years in the wake of the 2007-09 recession, energized by the strongest labor market in years. The U.S. has added 16.6 million new jobs since 2010 to drive the unemployment rate down to a nearly 16-year low of 4.4%.
A vibrant labor market has raised incomes for millions, enabled more Americans to buy homes and fed steady demand for business goods and services. Showing no sign of deterioration, the economy is forecast to grow 2.7% in third quarter.
“The real economy remains in good shape,” said Andrew Hunter, U.S. economist at Capital Economics.
What's more, inflation slowed dramatically in the second quarter despite an economy running close to full tilt. Long periods of growth typically stoke inflation, but so far that hasn''t been the case.
U.S. stock markets fell on Friday despite a mostly upbeat GDP report. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08% and Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.07% all declined.
Inside the report
The economy got a big boost from a rebound in consumer spending, the largest source of the nation's economic growth.
Spending rose 2.8% in the second quarter as Americans bought more groceries and clothes and paid more for health care. They spent less on new cars and trucks, however.
A smaller lift came from business. Firms increased fixed investment just 2.2% in the spring after a 8.1% gain in the first quarter, when enthusiasm for the new pro-business Trump administration may have triggered a jump in corporate spending.
Companies increased investment in equipment such as computers by 8.2%, though spending on structures such as oil rigs and offices grew more slowly.
In a surprise, corporations reduced inventories for the first time since 2011. The value of newly produced but unsold goods slipped by $300 million after barely any increase in the first quarter.
Home builders also scaled back investment by the most in seven years after piling money into new properties for two quarters in a row.
Residential investment sank 6.8%, partly reflecting weather patterns that led to higher than normal construction in late winter and less home building in the spring.
Although demand is strong, builders also face an array of obstacles in constructing enough new homes to keep up, such as difficulty finding inexpensive lots or skilled workers. Home building appears to have picked up in the summer, however.
U.S. trade relations with other countries, meanwhile, also gave a slight boost to second-quarter GDP. Exports rose twice as fast as imports: 4.2% vs. 2.1%.
Government spending, a laggard during most of the recovery, rose slightly.
Inflation slowed to an annual rate of 0.3% in the second quarter from 2.2% in the first, as measured by the personal-consumption expenditures price index, or PCE.
Price pressures eased sharply in the spring after a rapid buildup in late 2016 and early 2017. The PCE index is the Federal Reserve's preferred method of gauging inflation. The slowdown in inflation could prompt the central bank to raise interest less aggressively if the trend persists.
Disunion follows the Civil War as it unfolded.
Several years ago, a thick sheaf of Civil War letters was discovered in an old barn in upstate New York. Most were sent by a Union soldier, Charles Freeman Biddlecom, to their wife, the former Esther Lapham. Now edited and published by Katherine M. Aldridge, who owns the barn, they provide a remarkably candid window into the outlook of an ordinary infantryman. They also caution us against exaggerating the affinity of common soldiers for the great causes — the Union and emancipation — that we now hold in such high regard.
Today we often remember Union soldiers as principled, articulate and ready to sacrifice their lives for something larger. The historians James McPherson and Chandra Manning each have written influential recent volumes articulating soldiers' views: McPherson's Union soldiers were “intensely aware of the issues at stake and passionately concerned about them”; they knew that they were playing roles in a transcendently important struggle, on which the future of the American nation would pivot. Likewise, the “commitment to emancipation” among Manning's Union soldiers deepened and intensified as the war progressed. For them, “ideals like liberty, equality, and self-government” were not empty abstractions but core principles worth fighting to uphold.
The filmmaker Ken Burns spearheaded this heroic reassessment with their widely watched public television series on the Civil War in the early 1990s. Most memorably, Burns used the emotionally charged letter to “My very dear Sarah” from a Rhode Island infantryman, Sullivan Ballou, written in July 1861 just before the battle of Bull Run. Much as Ballou wanted to return to their loved ones unharmed and to see their sons grow to “honorable manhood,” they gave ultimate priority to their country. They and their generation owed a great debt to “those who went before us through the blood and sufferings of the Revolution.” They were “willing — perfectly willing — to lay down all my joys in this life, to help maintain this Government, and to pay that debt.” Untold millions of television viewers, alerted that Ballou's iconic letter was their last, have listened intently to its dramatic rereading, complete with stringed instruments in the background, tugging at our heartstrings.
Ballou's noble and stoic valedictory makes for splendid theater, but the messy realities of war swept into the Army countless men whose commitment to big causes was far more muddled and erratic – men like Charles Biddlecom, who lived as a farmer in Macedon, N.Y., just east of Rochester.
On the face of it, Biddlecom might have been a promising candidate for Burns's honor roll. They were educated, they wrote vivid prose, they were older than the average (born in 1832) and they came from a region where slavery was deplored and enthusiasm for reform was widespread. So one might expect Biddlecom to have embraced the Union cause for all the right reasons. But in their letters, we find that they saw no purpose in the war and considered themselves a helpless pawn in an enormous kill-or-be-killed chess match.
Biddlecom first enlisted in May 1861, as a volunteer in the 28th New York Infantry. Suspecting that the “fuss” soon would be over, they wanted to rout the “southern whelps.” But their health deteriorated, and they were discharged before they saw combat.
Two years later, however, in the summer of 1863, Biddlecom was called back. The war had grown to proportions unimaginable in 1861. They and many other “poor forsaken conscripts” were assigned to rebuild the depleted ranks of the 147th New York, which had been decimated on the first day at Gettysburg. The re-formed regiment was stationed in a dismal part of Northern Virginia, already scarred by three years of warfare.
As the army went into winter quarters, Biddlecom was sickened by dysentery, afflicted by lice and miserably lonesome and homesick. They and three other men lived in a “little dog kennel,” about four feet high. In their darker moments they predicted cynically that the war would grind on inconclusively for 20 years, because “Lincoln and their miserable crew” could never bring it to a successful finish. Biddlecom also second-guessed the decision to go to war in the first place. Much as they hated slaveholders, they mused that it might have been “better in the end to have let the South go out peaceably and tried their hand at making a nation.”
Biddlecom longed to go home to rejoin their family. Some men, they observed, had been discharged who were “not a bit more disabled than I am,” and they vowed to follow their example. By spring, as the prospect of renewed fighting came closer, the trickle of deserters fleeing into the nearby mountains from the 147th increased. Most nights two or three men quietly absconded to join the euphemistic “Blue Ridge Corps,” and Biddlecom predicted that the regiment stood to lose 150 men. In some ways they sympathized with the deserters — they agreed that no conscript should have to serve longer than nine months — but they could not see themselves “sneaking off.”
In early May 1864, Biddlecom and their regiment were thrown across the Rapidan River into the terrifying caldron of Ulysses S. Grant's Overland Campaign. Ten days of fighting in the Wilderness and at Spotsylvania left their division “terribly cut up,” with half their own company killed or wounded, and others missing. By early June, barely 100 of the 550 men in their regiment who had started the campaign remained fit for duty.
Related Disunion Highlights Explore multimedia from the series and navigate through past posts, as well as photos and articles from the Times archive. See the Highlights »
Biddlecom initially hoped that Grant could bring the war to a prompt end, but six weeks of inconclusive bloodletting rekindled their cynicism. They dismissed as “bosh” all talk about “great Union victories.” Reports about the “pluck and courage” of the Union Army were “the worst kind of exaggeration.” The Army was “worn out, discouraged, [and] demoralized.” They admonished their wife, Esther, to reject “newspaper hokum” that depicted ordinary soldiers as patriotic. Men would fight to preserve their reputations, but “as for men fighting from pure love of country, I think them as few as white blackbirds.”
What motivated Biddlecom to continue fighting? Certainly not the high ideals depicted McPherson or Manning. It was in part personal. Convinced that they were the “black sheep” of their family and that most of their kinfolk “never gave me credit for being much of a man,” they carried a chip on their shoulder. They wanted to make it clear that they were “not an absolute failure in all things.” They were determined not to disgrace their parents or stigmatize their sons by “showing cowardice.” But, they insisted, they were neither a “Union Saver” nor a “freedom shrieker.” They rejected all high-flown rationalizations for the war effort — “to hell with the devilish twaddle about freedom.”
As late as August 1864, Biddlecom believed that the men in the Army would vote “four to one” against Lincoln. They resolved to support the president's opponent, George B. McClellan, on grounds that wasting “more blood and treasure in this war will be productive of more evil to the white race than it will be of good to the black race.” They were content to allow slavery to “die a peaceful death,” even if it required 50 or 100 years.
As Union prospects brightened and the election approached, however, Biddlecom reversed themselves and spurned the “copperhead ticket.” Suddenly, the soldier who was no “freedom shrieker” embraced the war “for freedom, [and] for equal rights.” On Election Day in November they sounded entirely unlike their old self, as they pontificated that the contest would decide “the future of American civilization.” It pitted “Lincoln and the universal rights of man” against “McClellan and another compromise with the Devil.” They heralded the outcome for affirming that “freedom shall extend over the whole nation.” The “greatest nation of Earth” would not bow down to “traitors in arms.”
So Biddlecom's pithy letters convey a mixed message. Until the autumn of 1864, they disdained all ideological rationalizations for the Union war effort. But they also are a team player, and their team appears to have broken strongly toward Lincoln. The army, they decided, was “a very good school for hot heads such as I was.” Home influences may also have played a role — after all, the men in their regiment came from one of the most intensely Republican regions in the country.
The patriotic prose that Charles Biddlecom penned in November 1864 would have delighted Ken Burns. But we dare not forget the long and circuitous journey that finally landed them among the charmed circle of those Union soldiers whose ideas square with modern sensibilities.
Follow Disunion at twitter.com/NYTcivilwar or join us on Facebook.
Sources: Katherine M. Aldridge, ed., “No Freedom Shrieker: The Civil War Letters of Union Soldier Charles Biddlecom”; James McPherson, “For Cause and Comrades: Why Men Fought in the Civil War”; Chandra Manning, “When This Cruel War Was Over: Soldiers, Slavery, and the Civil War.”
Daniel W. Crofts, a professor emeritus of history at The College of New Jersey, is completing a new book, entitled “Lincoln's Other Thirteenth Amendment: Rewriting the Constitution to Conciliate the Slave South.”
Image caption The PS4 version of CoD: Ghosts is on sale ahead of the console's release
Reviews of the latest Call of Duty video game have reported problems with the graphics on the PlayStation 4 edition of the title.
Testers said that its frame rate dropped at several points during the game causing a stutter-effect.
The PS4 version of CoD: Ghosts is the only console edition that renders its images in 1080p high definition. The Xbox One and Wii U versions create less processor-intensive 720p resolutions.
Publisher Activision has not commented.
Although the PS4 version of the game is already on sale, Sony's console itself will not be released until 15 November in North America and 29 November in Europe.
That potentially gives Activision time to release a software patch if the issue can be fixed.
Multiplayer problems
Ghosts is the 10th first-person shooter game in the main CoD series.
Its predecessor, Black Ops II, earned $1bn (£621m) in its first 15 days of release, making it the second fastest-selling game of all time after Grand Theft Auto 5.
Earlier this week, the head of Activision's Infinity Ward studio - which developed the newest title - told the BBC that their team had made delivering smooth animations a priority.
"One of the key pillars of Call of Duty has been 60 frames per second... and ensuring that was of utmost importance, and the resolutions that appear are geared around that," said Mark Rubin.
Elsewhere they suggested that the different way the new consoles handled memory had contributed to a decision to support 1080p graphics on Sony's machine but not Microsoft's.
However, some reviews have suggested the PS4 version does not maintain a consistent frame rate as desired.
Image caption Developer Infinity Ward said maintaining 60 frames per second during the game was of "utmost importance"
"The PlayStation 4 version... has noticeable technical issues, sometimes slowing to a crawl, particularly during set-piece moments with multiple effects," reported Joystiq.
"Frame rate hitches happen throughout the campaign on PlayStation 4 and, in a series known for its Hollywood-inspired bombast, it detracted from the experience."
Now Gamer added that it was particularly concerned about the issue occurring during the title's online multiplayer mode.
"It's rare - it only happened once every few matches - but it is definitely present," it said.
"It's not something we've seen in any Call of Duty multiplayer before, so it stood out as particularly odd and unfortunate, given the frame-rate stutter is significant enough to let targets escape to safety or see you killed during the general mayhem."
The blog Gearnuke has gathered together other complaints of a similar nature.
Although Activision has yet to provide a statement, Mr Rubin had previously acknowledged: "There are enormous amounts of work ahead of us in perfecting our game engines on both [Sony and Microsoft's] platforms."
Early days
Sony has not commented on the subject.
However, Microsoft has addressed the fact the Xbox One version of Ghosts renders graphics in half the resolution of the PS4, despite the fact both consoles support the 1080p format.
"Once people have the chance to play the games and experience Xbox One for themselves, we believe they'll realise that great-looking visuals are only part of the experience," said a spokesperson.
"Launch is the first of many steps into the new console generation, and we fully expect our developers to continue to break new ground and surpass previous limitations in the years ahead."
Reviews of the Xbox One version of Ghosts remain under embargo until 12 November.
Sol Austan, Mani Vestan, the latest offering from Varg Vikernes/Burzum, is an electronic instrumental album, the first Burzum album of this type since 1999s Hlidskjalf. It is what some would call a "dark ambient" collection, with several of the eleven tracks possessing a sense of foreboding. It bears some resemblance to Hlidskjalf and the other Burzum instrumental album, the 1997 release Daudi Baldrs. It is built on the Vikernes hallmarks of repeated motifs in songs and connections with Norse ancestral belief.
Sol Austan, Mani Vestan may not appear as immediately powerful as Burzum's metal releases, but there is an almost primordial power driving these instrumentals, in spite of the modern instrumentation. Many of these tunes were included in a film, Forebears, by Vikernes and their wife, and the atmospheric qualities of the tracks lend themselves to contemplative mood setting.
More than likely, this will not be a popular offering, but what Burzum release has ever been popular? Some fans of ambient music may be turned away by the darkness of many of the tracks, while some metal fans may miss the guitars and vocals of the metal releases. But, hopefully, Sol Austan, Mani Vestan will receive a fair hearing and receive some recognition of its artistic merits.
The chances are pretty good that, even though you may not have realized it, you've seen several examples of native advertising. These days, native advertising is everywhere – and it's getting harder and harder to spot.
There's something not quite right about this cheeseburger…
In today's post, we're going to look at what native advertising is, why it can be so controversial, and several native advertising examples that are really impressive – as well as a few that are downright terrible.
What Is Native Advertising?
Simply put, native advertising is paid content. Articles, infographics, videos, you name it – if a content producer can make it, corporations can buy it and publishing platforms can promote it.
Now, you might be thinking, “How does a native advertisement differ from an advertorial?” Well, in order to be considered a true native advertisement, the content should align with the publication or site's established editorial style and tone, and must also provide the kind of information that the publication's audience typically expects.
These qualities are what make native advertisements difficult to spot, as they often blend in with the “organic” content extremely well. This is made even more challenging by the fact that there are no defined rules or guidelines on how publishers must label native ads, and standards of transparency vary widely from one publication to another.
It's also worth noting that native advertising is not necessarily the same thing as content advertising. Unfortunately, the overlap between the two disciplines and their similarity in name often result in confusion.
<<Need help with your ads? Check out our (free!) All-Star Playbook to Online Advertising>>
Why Is Native Advertising So Controversial?
“Don't trick them. Don't piss them off.”
This was the advice of Eric Goeres, director of innovation at Time magazine, speaking at the recent Contently Summit. Goeres spoke during the “Truth in Advertising” panel at the event, during which the topic of native advertising took center stage. Goeres' words of warning refer to the trust between a publisher and its audience, and they emphasized the dangers of angering readers by resorting to trickery and deception to make a quick buck.
Brands and advertisers love native ads, mainly because the click-through rates tend to be much higher than typical advertisements and engagement is usually much stronger. However, not everyone is as enamored with native ads, particularly consumers.
Several professional organizations have weighed in on the often vague nature of native advertising. The Federal Trade Commission is considering implementing regulatory measures on brands using native ads to promote their products, and the FTC has also indicated it may monitor the market closely to ensure that native advertising is being used in a manner that benefits consumers. The American Society of Magazine Editors has also called for greater transparency and oversight when it comes to native advertising.
The reason that many publishers see native advertising as a risky proposition is the potential for this kind of content to erode the public's trust. After all, if The New York Times publishes a “story” by Dell in exchange for money, can the Times objectively report on matters relating to Dell, or has every mention of the company been paid for? This is the dilemma facing publishers today.
Native Advertising Statistics
Before we look at some of the best native advertising examples (and a rogue's gallery of some of the worst), let's acquaint ourselves with the state of the native advertising landscape:
Almost half of consumers have no idea what native advertising is
Of those consumers who do, 51% are skeptical
Three out of four publishers offer some form of native advertising on their sites
90% of publishers either have or plan to launch native advertising campaigns
41% of brands are currently using native advertising as part of wider promotional efforts
5 Great Native Advertising Examples
So, now that we've established that native advertising is here to stay (for the time being at least), let's take a look at some of the best – and worst – native advertising examples.
1. "Woman Going to Take Quick Break After Filling Out Name, Address on Tax Forms," The Onion
One of the funniest satirical sites on the web, The Onion also has a strong grasp on native advertising, as exemplified by this particularly well-known example.
This example is, admittedly, a little murky when it comes to the definition of native advertising above. Firstly, The Onion created this content specifically for its client (in this case, H&R Block), rather than Block simply publishing its own content on the site. However, the content itself and its positioning still classify it as native advertising, rather than “traditional” sponsored content, at least in my book.
When this content was published in 2012, it was framed by several traditional vertical and horizontal banner ads for H&R Block. Even if visitors didn't click on these banners (which they're unlikely to, as you're 475 times more likely to survive a plane crash than click a banner ad, according to Solve Media), the result was significantly increased brand awareness.
Why It Works
Although the content of this post isn't about H&R Block specifically, it does address the typically bland, dry topic of taxes in a fun, relatable and highly entertaining way, creating a positive association with the advertiser. This native ad even poked fun at the box that clearly marks the page as sponsored content by including an endorsement from The Onion's fictitious “publisher emeritus” T. Herman Zweibel.
Although the banners served as calls to action, the main purpose of the campaign was to further increase H&R Block's brand awareness – a goal that this native advertising example accomplished admirably.
2. "Infographic: UPS's 2012 Change in the (Supply) Chain Survey," Fast Company
This infographic highlighting UPS's innovations in its supply chain management operations is another excellent example of native advertising. It's not the prettiest infographic you'll ever see, but it gets the job done.
Why It Works
What makes this infographic such a great example of native advertising is that its virtually indistinguishable from Fast Company's typical content. Notice the tiny gray “Advertisement” tag at the top? It's definitely easy to miss. The infographic's use of UPS' brown and yellow color scheme further reinforces the content's brand messaging in a subtle way, and the infographic succeeds in selling UPS' services in the tried-and-trusted “problem/solution” format.
3. "10 Quotes Every Grad Needs to Read," BuzzFeed
Alongside Upworthy, BuzzFeed is the most successful viral hit factory on the web. Is it any wonder that the site would eventually open up its coveted readership to sponsors with deep pockets? Case in point, the BuzzFeed “Community” pages, featuring brands like publishing giant HarperCollins:
As you can see above, posts made to the Community section of BuzzFeed have “not been vetted or endorsed by BuzzFeed's editorial staff,” meaning that HarperCollins (and Mini, and Pepsi, and the other brands that publish content at BuzzFeed) have simply paid for the privilege of getting their brand in front of BuzzFeed's audience. Apart from the prominent HarperCollins logo above the social share buttons, there's little to set this apart from BuzzFeed's regular content.
Why It Works
Timeliness factors into the success of this native advertising example. Firstly, the post was published in late June, coinciding well with graduation season. Secondly, the basis of the post was teacher David McCullough, Jr.'s famous “You Are Not Special” commencement speech, which itself went viral.
The post adheres strictly to BuzzFeed's popular animated .GIF/listicle post format, making it easily digestible, and the headline is impeccably crafted for BuzzFeed's audience, as you'd expect. There's very little obvious connection between the client (a major publishing house) to the content, aside from the implied relationship between college graduates and books, so the ad comes off as a “soft sell,” which is easier for audiences to stomach than forceful product placement.
4. "Should You Accept Your Employer's Pension Buyout Offer?", Forbes
Forbes has published articles like this for years, but as the publication has transitioned from a full-time staff to a contributor-led model, it's hardly surprising that Forbes has begun to publish native advertising by financial institutions like this one from Fidelity Investments.
This is a particularly good example of native advertising, as while the post is most definitely branded and has an unmistakable angle, the post itself contains some real substance. It outlines the pros and cons of both monthly payment and lump sum pension buyout options, backed up with hard numbers about inflation rates and how accepting a pension buyout offer can affect your tax status.
Why It Works
Yes, it's blatantly branded content, and Fidelity makes no secret of its services, but this post actually contains more financial advice and insight than most typical Forbes finance and business content. Readers should most definitely remain aware of Fidelity's agenda when reading, but overall, this native advertisement provides real value to the reader, does so in a way that Forbes' audience would expect, and aligns with the publication's editorial and stylistic guidelines. A great example.
5. "Hennessy Fuels Our Chase for the Wild Rabbit … But What Does It All Mean?", Vanity Fair
Vanity Fair has a long tradition of publishing effortlessly trendy lifestyle journalism, which makes it an ideal vehicle (pardon the pun) for native advertising.
This native ad combines video and written content to go behind the scenes of a video about English race car driver Sir Malcolm Campbell, “The Fastest Man on Earth.” Campbell was the first man to break the 300mph land speed record way back in 1935, and they remain an enduring symbol of ambition – the perfect gentleman to sell top-shelf liquor. Hennessy partnered with creative agency Droga5 to produce the video, which coincided with the drink maker's “Never Stop, Never Settle” campaign.
Why It Works
In addition to drawing a subtle yet striking comparison between Campbell's spirit of adventure and Hennessy's “Wild Rabbit” campaign (“a metaphor for one's inner drive to succeed”, according to the article), the piece is genuinely interesting. The content's inevitable product placement is handled well, and it doesn't feel gratuitous or tenuously positioned alongside the subject matter. Finally, the piece is as stylish as a regular Vanity Fair feature, which results in an engaging experience for the reader.
The Hall of Shame: Terrible Native Advertising Examples
Now that we've seen how the pros create sponsored content, how about we point and laugh at some of the very worst native advertising examples on the web?
"David Miscavige Leads Scientology to Milestone Year," The Atlantic
Although The Atlantic was quick to pull this disastrous foray into native advertising from its site soon after it went live, it will live on forever thanks to the fine folks at the Poynter Institute for Media Studies, who decided to permanently archive it – presumably to prevent such a tragedy from ever happening again.
Now, aside from the boatloads of cash The Atlantic must have received for publishing this shameless advertorial, I can't think of a single reason why shilling for what some describe as a dangerous cult in a reasonably well-respected national publication ever seemed like a good idea.
Yes, The Atlantic had the common sense to highlight (with a bright yellow tag) that this was “Sponsor Content”, but this did little to mitigate the damage. The publication was widely mocked in the mainstream media, and this classic blunder is routinely used as the poster child for bad native advertising examples.
"How to Transform into a Total Nerd Babe," Gawker
I find everything about this content – and I do mean everything – utterly objectionable and completely offensive, from the vapid headline to the clichéd copy. Unfortunately, that's not even the worst part.
This “content” was originally created to promote the TBS reality TV show “King of the Nerds.” Aside from the tiny “Sponsored” tag toward the top of the post (highlighted above), there is nothing to distinguish this ad from the type of drivel Gawker usually publishes. After the promo was over, the editorial staff at Gawker couldn't even be bothered to restructure the article to remain grammatically correct, and instead just deleted the name of the show (see the second paragraph). For shame.
Gawker (deservedly) took a lot of heat for this and its other native ads, which led the publisher to implement a new policy of transparency. These days, a native Gawker ad looks like this:
Gawker's native ads are now tagged by network, appear in a dedicated section of the site (Studio @ Gawker), have their own writers, and the nice, clear statements at the bottom indicating that this is, indeed, an ad. At least now it's easier to identify which posts should be avoided.
"Will Millennials Ever Completely Shun the Office?", The New York Times
This advertorial is so bad, it's actually a little embarrassing.
Not only is the agenda of this piece completely transparent from the outset, the “Millennial work ethic” angle is so tired it's practically comatose. Even the question posed by the article is ridiculous – no, Millennials will not “shun” offices, because most of them are saddled with back-breaking student loan debt and can't find work. Oh, but if they do choose to shun the office, they can always use Dell hardware to telecommute, right?
The only thing this native ad has going for it is that it's impossible to mistake this ad for the Times' actual editorial content. It also appears that (as of the time of this writing) the Times has removed Dell's other three sponsored posts, which I'm guessing is because the whole experiment was an unmitigated disaster.
Oh dear.
Native Ads: More Than Meets The Eye?
Done well, native ads can be interesting, informative and sell a product or build a brand. Get them wrong, however, and your readers will hate you for it. Knowing how to strike this delicate yet crucial balance is difficult, but that hasn't stopped publishers from jumping firmly on the native ads bandwagon. Only time will tell whether the FTC or other regulatory bodies will chime in on how these ads should be displayed, but for now, it seems likely that both brands and publishers will continue to try and discover the magic formula.
Crypto-finance company Epiphyte has won the SWIFT Innotribe Startup Competition at the Sibos 2014 technology and innovation trade show in Boston.
The company earned the competition's $50,000 ‘Top Startup' award with cBridge, its first crypto product targeted at international banking and financial institutions.
Epiphyte CEO and founder Edan Yago said it was “very gratifying” to win the prize at the world's largest banking convention. They added that banks, bitcoin and other distributed ledger systems have a lot to learn from each other.
Epiphyte specialises in distributed ledger solutions for the mainstream financial system with the broader goal of connecting banking networks with cryptocurrency networks.
Following the win, Yago said:
“We have spent the last year and a half working with banks to help them integrate distributed ledger and block chain based technologies in a low-risk and compliant way. We are building the bridge between established finance and cryptofinance.”
Block chain tech for banks
Epiphyte's cBridge beat out 280 competing FinTech startups. The criteria were simple: judges were asked to determine the likeliest startup to have the biggest impact on the future of the financial industry.
Each of the semi-finalists pitched their ideas to audiences that would decide which of the startups would be invited to the Sibos Grand Finale at Sibos for global exposure and receive the cash prize.
Kevin Johnson, SWIFT Innotribe Startup Challenge manager, suggested that while their product may have sold itself, Yago's pitch to the attendees was equally compelling, saying:
“I feel Epiphyte's pitch at the startup competition was voted by the audience as the winner, due to the connection they made to the audience, showing how they can benefit from this technology and the business model.”
Epiphyte technology allows banks to facilitate consumer-to-merchant payments using cryptocurrencies. Bank customers can perform the transactions in familiar fiat currencies like dollars and euros, and the banks themselves do not have to hold cryptocurrencies.
New payment rail
Jo Lang, Epiphyte's product lead and co-founder, said as many as 500 million bank customers are now able to make purchases using this new payment rail.
“Epiphyte is helping our banking customers see additional revenue by providing a service that a growing number of customers want,” said Lang.
The solution was designed to offer a low level of risk and compliance. Banks can use Epiphyte software to integrate crptocurrencies with traditional protocols like SWIFT.
The company, founded in 2013, plans to roll out a pilot implementation of its new product sometime in the next few months.
This article was co-authored by Stan Higgins
Images via Epiphyte; Shutterstock
SANA, Yemen — Before the war, the Officers Club in downtown Sana was a prime recreation destination, known for its pool and garden cafe.
Now, like much of Sana, the Yemeni capital, its bombed-out remnants are controlled by gun-wielding rebels from the group known as the Houthis. Dressed in ragtag uniforms and brimming with Islamist fervor, they pointed out holes from airstrikes and the rubble that had once been the Police Academy.
Still, they insisted that their seizure of the capital had been good for Yemen.
“There was too much corruption and looting before,” said Masoud Saad, 19, who had dropped out of middle school to become a fighter. “We wanted to present the true religion of God in a correct way.”
Once a provincial militant movement in the mountains of northern Yemen, the Houthis surged to prominence after they seized control of the country's northwest in 2014. Since then, they have pushed the national government into exile and set off a new Middle Eastern war in which they are in the cross hairs of an intensive bombardment campaign by Saudi Arabia and a coalition of Arab countries.
Kyra Hanson
Your Guide To Lumiere London 2016
Lumiere London transforms the city with light installations, projections and artwork over four nights
It's no mean feat shutting down four central London locations and flooding them with a four-day-long light festival. But from 14-17 January that is exactly what's happening.
Taking place in what's being widely acknowledged as the gloomiest nights of January London Lumiere will see bits of the city aglow with 30 fantastical light installations.
We're particularly looking forward to seeing London reimagined in the spirit of the original Fête des Lumières, held annually in Lyon which dazzled us back in 2013 with its dramatic light and sound installations, witty storytelling told through animation projected onto historic buildings, and surreal sculptures that filled city squares with magical suspense.
Below we've put together a handy guide to help you navigate the festival, and even mapped out some walking routes for you to make the most of it all.
Click here to start planning your festival route.
When is Lumiere London?
14-17 January. It begins at 6.30pm each evening, with things wrapping up at 10.30pm.
Is Lumiere London free?
Yes. One of the joys of the festival is that you get to encounter the city, as reimagined by world renowned artists. This also means it's bound to attract big crowds. You have been warned.
Do I need tickets?
No. However, we advise you arrive early as transport routes will be busier than usual.
What's the best way to see Lumiere London?
Transport will be busier over the four-day event and especially so on the Thursday and Friday evening. Download the London Official City Guide app and set off on foot to make the most of the festival. The festival map is available to download and will be distributed to festival visitors in the West End and King's Cross during the event.
Les Voyageurs (The Travellers) by Cédric Le Borgne. Photo: Matthew Andrews (2011)
Can I see Lumiere London all in one go?
If you really want to make the most of the spectacular displays we suggest spreading the route out over a couple of evenings, particularly as crowds might slow down the move between displays.
The website suggests these walking routes: from Leicester Square through to Trafalgar Square and Westminster Abbey; from Piccadilly Circus to Grosvenor Square via Piccadilly Arcade and St James's; along Regent Street via Carnaby to Oxford Circus; and from Euston Road to King's Cross, Granary Square and beyond.
What facilities are available at Lumiere London?
Many bars and restaurants will be preparing Lumiere themed dishes and drinks and Lewis Cubitt Square in King's Cross will host an array of food traders. Volunteers will also be on hand throughout the festival should you need assistance or directions.
How else can I get involved?
On 15 January there's a talk: The Heart and Soul of the City. Hear Lumiere London artists discuss and debate the life of the city, the public realm and how they can be transformed by communities and artists. Free, just turn up, 2pm-4.30pm
Alternatively if you'd like to volunteer to help out at the festival you can apply here.
How will Lumiere London affect me?
If you're a local resident or business, the people at London Lumiere have put together a handy page explaining road closures and changes to public transport.
Where is Lumiere London happening?
The festival features 30 artworks split across four main areas: King's Cross, Mayfair, Piccadilly/ Regent Street/ St James's Park and Trafalgar Square/ Westminster. Below we've outlined the art, installations and projections on display in each area with suggested walking routes.
King's Cross
See a circus performance mapped onto the Granary Building in King's Cross. Photo: Ocubo
Begin at King's Cross station by walking through King's Cross tunnel which will be lined with a 100-metre-long wall of light. Emerge outside the station and on King's Boulevard you'll notice ethereal silhouettes of dresses.
Proceed up York Way where you'll be greeted with a sculpture made from interlocking glowing rectangles. See if you can make out the dotted shapes projected on to the Grade II listed German gymnasium.
We're particularly excited about Light Graffiti situated further along York Way. It's an interactive installation whereby the public can use lights from smart phone torches or any other source of light to paint onto their surroundings.
But the installations at King's Cross are more than just pretty lights. As you cross Regent's Canal notice the reflection in the water of 40 illuminated panels created by Labu. Binary Waves translates the information from our phones, cars and radios into the language of LED lights with dramatic effect.
The grand finale is a circus performance featuring acrobats, jugglers and performers which will be projected onto the Granary Building. Created by experts in video mapping, the projections interact with the building to tell the story which promises to capture all imaginations, whatever the age.
Before you continue your voyage around the city head over to the 17-metre installation at King's Cross Pond Square, where an illuminated figure appears to dive into the water below.
From King's Cross station you can take the Piccadilly line to Leicester Square or Piccadilly Circus to see more of the festival, or return another evening.
Mayfair and Grosvenor Square
Aquarium in a telephone box by French artists Benedetto Bufalino and Benoit Deseille. Photo: Matthew Andrews (2013)
Alight at Bond Street station where, if you follow the sound of bird song, you'll notice neon birdhouses in the trees; can you spot all 12?
Admire them from the glowing benches before wandering over to Grosvenor Square where you'll be mesmerised by a red phonebox-turned-aquarium filled with swimming goldfish (see image above). We noticed this quirky installation at Fete des Lumieres in Lyon created by French artists Benedetto Bufalino and Benoit Deseille.
Once you've seen the installations at Mayfair which are a more intimate affair, walk along Brook Street towards Oxford Circus to make the most of the rest of the installations. (see below)
Piccadilly, Regent Street, Leicester Square and St James's Square
Janet Echelman's giant net sculpture will be strung between two buildings in busy Oxford Circus. Photo: Matthew Andrews
At Oxford Circus, you won't be able to miss the huge net sculpture strung between two buildings. Artist Janet Echelman was inspired by the 2011 Japanese earthquake and tsunami.
Walk down Regent Street towards Piccadilly Circus. On the way pass Liberty, which you'll notice is covered in intriguing stick men figures. These animated figures are created by Groupe LAPS who use light in urban environments to tell stories which enchant audiences.
Once you've reached Piccadilly don't forget to look up — overhead glowing fish travel through the sky.
Under the arches at Air Street Piccadilly stomps a creature from the wild which goes by the name of Elephantastic.
Meander over to St James's Square to see surreal figures made of light, these are French artist Cédric Le Borgne's ethereal, illuminated Voyageurs (The Travellers).
You'll find Leicester Square has been transformed into a garden of light with giant illuminated plant installations made from recycled materials.
The Garden of Light as it first appeared in Durham. Photo: Matthew Andrews
Trafalgar Square and Westminster
A lot of the installations have an ethical slant to them. In the fountains at Trafalgar Square you'll notice the usual coke cans and fag buts have been usurped by floating plastic islands which glow (obviously).
Something else that might look out of place to discerning Londoners is the Centre Point sign (formerly of the Centre Point building) which is being temporarily displayed at Trafalgar Square especially for the festival.
For the pièce de résistance make your final stop Westminster Abbey which will be lit up with multicoloured martyrs created by Patrice Warrener, recognised worldwide for bathing buildings in their detailed, technicolour illuminations.
Lumiere London is produced by Artichoke and supported by the Mayor of London.
Seattle Sounders FC today announced that Ezra Hendrickson has been named the first Head Coach of Sounders FC 2, the club's USL PRO team. Hendrickson has spent the last six seasons as a Sounders FC Assistant Coach and Reserve League Head Coach following a 14-year professional playing career.
“After six years of experience with the organization, Ezra has earned the respect of the players and has gotten to know our Academy very well,” said S2 General Manager Andrew Opatkiewicz. “His years with the First Team will prove to be a huge asset as we look to develop a team that gives players valuable minutes in a professional environment.”
Hendrickson is being made available to media following the team's 11:00 a.m. PST training session at Starfire Sports' field three on Thursday, November 13. Please note that today's training session is being held at a new location, as field three is north of Starfire Stadium immediately adjacent to the team's training facility. Members of the media interested in attending should contact Alex Caulfield [216-978-7212] or Matt Winter [206-639-4610].
"I feel very honored to be appointed Head Coach of S2. Player development is a very important and integral part of any club,” said Hendrickson. “I'm looking forward to developing our younger players as they come through the program, so that we as an organization can have that sustained growth and success.”
Hendrickson was announced as a Sounders FC Assistant Coach on January 20, 2009, after a 14-year professional career, including 12 seasons in Major League Soccer. As a player, they spent parts of eight seasons alongside Sounders FC Head Coach Sigi Schmid, including three campaigns with the Columbus Crew prior to their retirement. They were a member of three MLS Cup championship teams, winning two with Schmid.
“This a great opportunity for Ezra and allows for good continuity in preparation for the S2 players, the First Team and Seattle Sounders FC overall,” said Sounders FC Head Coach Sigi Schmid. “Ezra knows what we're looking for, knows what it takes to play at this level, and they provide a great bridge from S2 to the Sounders FC First Team.”
In four seasons as Sounders FC Reserve League Head Coach, Hendrickson led the Rave Green to a 19-13-7 record from 2011-14, including an 8-1-1 record and West Division championship in 2011. This season, the Seattle Reserves finished 3-1-3 and went unbeaten (1-0-3) against MLS Reserve opponents.
An NCAA All-American and business administration major at Drake University in Iowa, Hendrickson first played professionally with New Orleans of the USISL Select League (1995-96). A native of the island of St. Vincent in the Caribbean, Hendrickson earned their first international cap in 1995 and served 12 years as captain of the St. Vincent and the Grenadines national team.
The Layou, St. Vincent native earned their U.S. Soccer A Coaching License in December of 2008.  They are a resident of Layou, St. Vincent, and has two daughters, Xavia and McKenzie.
Five years ago, San Francisco State researcher Andisheh Mahdavi and their colleagues observed an unexpected dark core at the center of Abell 520, a cosmic "train wreck" of galaxy clusters. With new space-based telescope observations, they have confirmed that the core really does exist. But they are no closer to explaining why it is there.
When galaxy clusters crash into each other, the bright matter of galaxies sticks together with the mysterious substance called dark matter, leaving behind hot gases. Or at least that is what astronomers have observed in similar cosmic wrecks like the Bullet Cluster. But Myungkook James Jee of the University of California, Davis, Mahdavi and their colleagues say Abell 520 has a definite -- but bewildering -- dark matter core that is completely separated from its usual bright partners.
"We tried to come up with models that would explain this, but there were not any good models," said Mahdavi, an assistant professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy. "There is no way that you could have cold dark matter piling up like this in a region with so few galaxies."
The researchers first identified the dark core in 2007 using a technique called gravitational lensing. Even though the dark core isn't visible, astronomers can get an idea of its location and size by observing how light from galaxies behind it is distorted by the core's gravitational pull.
"We cannot see dark matter because it does not radiate. What we see is the 'effect' of dark matter," Jee explained. "It's similar to how we cannot see wind directly, but we can tell the presence of wind by looking at the vibration of leaves on a tree."
In this case, the galaxies behind the dark core are the tree leaves. But the 2007 observations came in part from ground-based telescopes, which can detect only a few of the galaxies lurking behind Abell 520. The Earth's atmosphere also distorts the view from the ground, "like looking at a tree inside a house through a frosty window," Jee said.
The researchers decided that they needed further observations from the space-based Hubble Telescope to confirm the dark core's presence. "For every ten galaxies that we were able to see from the ground, we can see 100 from space with the Hubble," they noted, "for a total of about 4000 galaxies from space versus 400 from the ground."
The 2007 study was "a result that basically everyone wished would go away," Mahdavi said, but the new observations published in the Astrophysical Journal show "without a doubt that there is a dark matter concentration in that piece of the sky."
Their results do not put the mystery to rest, however, since the researchers also note in their study that there are no plausible scenarios yet to explain the existence of the dark core. In all other known collisions, bright galaxy matter and dark matter stay together.
Why is Abell 520 so different? It may be that our understanding of how galaxies grow and collide is incomplete, Mahdavi suggests. Alternatively, a new theory of dark matter interaction could be necessary to explain the mysterious core.
Mahdavi thinks that the first scenario is more likely, and that perhaps there are "some sort of freak initial conditions that would create this amount of dark matter."
"But the only way we understand how galaxies grow up is with supercomputer simulations," they noted. The simulations--which would include recreating galaxy cluster collisions under a variety of conditions -- help to calculate how likely it would be to spot an oddball like Abell 520. "My colleagues tell me the likelihood is nil, but now we have the responsibility to go and do the hard work to check the simulations," they said.
If the simulations don't turn up anything to show that Abell 520 is possible, Mahdavi said the mystery might be best left in the hands of particle physicists to revisit their theories about the nature and interactions of dark matter.
"I'm just as perplexed as I was back in 2007," they said. "It's a pretty disturbing observation to have out there.
Source: San Francisco State University
[dropcap]R[/dropcap]yan. That was my friend's name. They were at least two feet shorter than me. They were also light as a sack of rice cakes. So light, in fact, I could hold them over my head like a barbell.
Sometimes we performed for tips.
Ryan wasn't the same as ordinary people. They were slow, and they didn't have a typical outlook on life, either. The teachers called them “special,” the hateful kids called them a “retard.” We their friends, called them Spider-Man.
Ryan did their best to live up to that title.
Ryan's mother once explained why they were so unique. They said their umbilical cord wrapped around their neck in the womb. It slowed their development, and gave them lifelong heart problems. Well, all I can say is, God must've known what they were doing because Ryan turned out to be one of a kind.
Ryan loved country music. Loud. They also collected triple-peanut shells – the kind with three peanuts instead of two. They had bags full. Something else: they always walked as though they were perpetually falling forward. It was a unique march that seemed to announce, “Hey everybody, don't overlook me.”
I remember the last time I saw Ryan, before their family moved away. I told Ryan I'd miss him, and that I would write him.
“Don't miss me,” they said in their loud voice. “And don't write me, you know I hate to read.”
“But Ryan, I like to write.”
Ryan thought for a moment. “Then write something about me.”
It's been twenty-three years.
This is that something.
Get the Huawei Watch in six different designs with silver, gold, and black metal finishes. With an ultra-high resolution display, you'll get a crystal clear view of all 40+ built-in watch faces. The watch's sensors let you track not only running and walking, but also stair climbing.
Huawei Watch Choose between the small or large ASUS ZenWatch 2, starting at $129. Both come in silver, rose gold, and gunmetal finishes with bands of different styles and materials. Get instant access to agenda and email with the built-in productivity app as well as fitness reminders with the wellness app.
Check out four new Moto 360 watches: Moto 360 for Women, Moto 360 in two different sizes, and Moto 360 Sport. Pick among rose gold, gold, silver, and black metal finishes for Moto 360 and a variety of stainless steel and leather bands. Want to go on a run without your phone? The Moto 360 Sport features built-in GPS and a display that's easy to read outdoors.
All of today's watches also include improved battery life, always-on displays, and quick-release bands, so it's even easier to glance at your important info, and make your watch your own.The Huawei Watch Moto 360 for Women , and new Moto 360 are available for pre-order today. And all other watches will go on sale in the coming weeks. So choose the watch that fits your style and wear exactly what you want!
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos (above) announced their decision to recall the country's ambassador from Caracas in a televised address Thursday, accusing the Venezuelan government of only pursuing "solutions involving force."
"I have favored dialogue and diplomacy and I will keep doing so, but I cannot allow Venezuela to treat Colombia and Colombians this way," Santos said.
They added that they had asked their top diplomat to request an extraordinary meeting of foreign ministers from the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR).
Later on Thursday, Venezuela's Foreign Minister Delcy Rodriguez announced on Twitter that their country would also be recalling its ambassador from Colombia "for consultations." Such a move is considered the diplomatic equivalent of lodging a complaint.
Rodriguez said relations with Colombia were being "fully revised" given the suffering "of our people at the hands of the paramilitaries and economic warfare."
Uneasy neighbors
The countries' foreign ministers met for talks in the Colombian resort city of Cartagena on Wednesday, pledging to solve the dispute and improve border security. However, no concrete agreements emerged from the meeting.
The tensions between the neighbors escalated last week after Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro closed a major border crossing in a bid to crack down on migrants and smuggling gangs. The move came in response to an attack by unknown assailants on an anti-smuggling military patrol.
Maduro initially ordered the border closed for 72 hours. But two days later they declared a state of emergency in five frontier towns, extended the closure indefinitely, and began deporting Colombian migrants. More than 1,000 Colombians have been expelled in recent days, while more than 4,000 others have left of their own accord. Many deportees said their houses had been destroyed.
"These families aren't paramilitaries, they are humble families," President Santos said. "And they were thrown out, as they said to me, like dogs."
"We want to tell the world, starting with UNASUR, what is happening - to show them what is happening - because this is totally unacceptable," they added.
For their part, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro reiterated that they had no plans to re-open the crossings until the Colombian government "regained its sanity" and took measures to boost security at the border.
According to Brazilian newspaper "O Globo," Brazil and Argentina have offered to work together with Colombia and Venezuela to resolve the spat.
nm/lw (Reuters, AP, dpa, EFE)
The move started close to the touchline as a result of Mainz's tenacity in hunting in packs.
Leroy Sané, the ultra-talented, precocious youngster who's emerged as the main prong of Schalke's attack over the past year or so, was shut down virtually on the touchline by Mainz's left-sided duo of Gaëtan Bussmann and Jairo Samperio, while their passing option to ex-Mainzer Johannes Geis in midfield was closed down by Yunus Malli.
Faced with pressure, the German international relented under pressure by French full-back Bussmann, who'd already opened the scoring on the night with their first Mainz goal in four appearances for the club, all coming since usurping Pierre Bengtsson as Mainz's starting full back.
Despite some contact, referee Manuel Gräfe waved play on and the ball found its way to Jairo, perhaps Mainz's most sung hero since the winter break, who allowed their teammates to catch up before poking an intricate pass past three Schalke men towards Christian Clemens, who deftly nudged the ball past Joël Matip towards Malli.
All the while, an arced run by midfielder Julian Baumgartlinger, Mainz's skipper and a totem of the team in midfield, evaded everyone, making their way into the area. Baumgartlinger had never scored a Bundesliga goal for Mainz in 112 games, and so things looked momentarily safe for Schalke, but as a Malli cross looped past everyone towards the big Austrian, and time seemed to slow down, Baumgartlinger made no mistake, nodding home from close range past Ralf Fährmann in the Schalke goal.
The captain had prodded their team ahead against Schalke with their first league goal in a Mainz shirt, having joined the club in 2011, and they made no secret of their delight, screaming with joy right in front of the Mainz ultras behind the goal.
Mobbed by teammates, even goalkeeper Loris Karius sprinted the length of the pitch to join in with the jubilations, and after the game ended ten minutes later, Baumgartlinger was invited to lead the traditional post-game rendition of the Mainz carnival song Humba Täterä. It was a fitting tribute for a man who has become a hugely important part of Mainz's success in recent years, someone who it seemed just couldn't find the back of the net.
Nullfünf in 15/16: What's the Narrative?
Many of the recently propagated narratives of Mainz's current season focus on two very important stories; namely, the future of club manager Christian Heidel (a story particularly important on Friday night as Heidel is rumoured to be leaving the club they joined as manager in 1992 for the evening's opponents, Schalke) and the form of the so-called M&M partnership between Japanese forward Yoshinori Muto and Kassel-born playmaker Malli.
That's with good reason: Heidel is a huge part of Mainz's success over the course of the last two decades, while Muto and Malli have scored fifteen of the club's twenty-seven league goals this season. Perhaps the main reason, though, for Mainz storming back up the table in recent weeks – after Friday night's action they sat briefly in fifth position, having navigated some tough fixtures recently with three consecutive wins – is actually the midfield partnership of Baumgartlinger and Danny Latza.
Balance in Midfield
Baumgartlinger's primary task for Mainz is to circulate the ball in midfielder, and it is a task which the Austrian has excelled at this season with an average completion rate of 83% of their passes. At their best, the Austrian's passing can be imperious, misplacing just three on Friday (at a rate of 89% completed), and of regular starters only Niko Bungert is more effective at getting the ball to their man – from defence, an area of the pitch where a lot more time and space is afforded than in Baumgartlinger's midfield berth. They operate as the more defensive minded of Mainz's two midfielders, making a significant amount of interceptions more than Latza (52 over the course of 19 games compared to 39 over 18) and also acting more efficiently in the tackle, completing 63 this season compared to Latza's 30.
This isn't to say Latza is playing worse, or at least not significantly worse; the ex-Bochum midfielder functions in a more attacking role, trying to link the midfield to the attack – where much of the team's highly touted talent is – the asupervisorstioned duo of Muto and Malli, but also Jairo, who has been as incredible as both this season, and Christian Clemens, who has contributed well in recent weeks too – by acting as the legs of the team.
Much was made recently of Latza's running performances for Mainz – they were imperious against Borussia Mönchengladbach two weeks ago, running almost 14 kilometres in a team which set this season's record for distance run over ninety minutes. Running in itself isn't a virtue, though, and Latza's running is hugely useful for Martin Schmidt's men, working as a key component of Mainz's high press and also allowing them to lay on chances for the team; only Malli has created more chances for Mainz this season than Latza, with 28 key passes compared to Latza's 25, but from a more attacking position and in more games; Malli has been an ever-present.
Looking at the numbers, it's baffling that the partnership hasn't been made more of by the mainstream press; Latza's overcome essentially being signed as back-up to Fabian Frei to become the true successor to Geis in Mainz's midfield – partly helped by an injury to the Swiss midfielder on Matchday three, of course, but Frei hasn't had a look-in on the starting eleven since returning to fitness over the winter break, while Baumgartlinger has pushed their already-impressive game to new levels under Martin Schmidt.
More Praise to Come?
Perhaps the real answer comes down to goals; football fans, especially fans watching other games and looking for the key storylines in the form of highlight packages, obviously see them as more important than the underlying play which precipitates them happening. Latza hasn't scored for Mainz yet, Baumgartlinger has only just broken their league duck for the club. Perhaps the Baumgartlinger-Latza midfield will, in coming weeks, be due more praise.
But really, if Friday night proved one thing, it is that Mainz's success comes down to their strength as a unit rather than through individual excellence – a cliché often given as a back-handed compliment to untalented teams, but a true compliment worthy of this highly talented Mainz team too, who are tactically solid and balanced from back to front but blessed with the flair to decide games. At the moment, Mainz are looking good in their attempt to bring Europa League football back to Rheinhessen, but the next five games could prove crucial in this; despite recent form they still have to take on Leverkusen at home, plus Bayern and Dortmund away from home in the next month.
When Summit Mayor Ellen Dickson ended their 8 a.m. phone call with a Merck executive Tuesday, they were in shock.
The drugmaker's 88-acre campus in Summit, which was slated to be Merck's new global headquarters, would instead be shuttered in a year, the mayor was told.
“It was very disappointing,” Dickson said. “The impact of Merck leaving will be felt throughout Summit.”
Minutes later and 10 miles away, Kenilworth Mayor Kathi Fiamingo took a very different call from the same executive. The news was just as surprising: Merck's 100-acre Kenilworth campus — formerly owned by Schering-Plough, would become the company's new world headquarters.
“I was out of the office, and dancing around,” Fiamingo said. “I was being foolish, but it was just so great.”
Merck's real estate about-face was part of a dizzying day of news in which the pharmaceutical giant announced a global cost-cutting plan to lay off 8,500 workers and save about $2.5 billion. The latest workforce reductions come on top of the 7,500 previously announced job cuts. Combined, they add up to 20 percent of Merck's workforce, which stands at 81,000 worldwide.
In a statement, the second-largest U.S. drugmaker said the cuts were part of an effort to sharpen “commercial and R&D (research and development) focus and reduce costs,” including the size of its workforce and global real estate footprint.
Merck employs more than 8,500 people in New Jersey at sites in Branchburg, Cokesbury, Kenilworth, Rahway, Summit, Union, and Whitehouse Station. Lainie Keller, a Merck spokesperson, said layoffs are expected in New Jersey, but it was too early for a precise number.
Last October, Merck said it would shutter its 500-acre current world headquarters in Whitehouse Station, which it still plans to do by the end of next year. In Kenilworth, the company recently closed its manufacturing division.
Merck has been hit hard by plunging sales for its former top seller, the asthma and allergy pill Singulair, along with baldness medication Propecia and Clarinex, an allergy pill, among others.
In a conference call, Merck Chief Executive Ken Frazier said the company will devote more resources to vaccines, cancer, diabetes and hospital care. “In other therapeutic areas, we will significantly reduce our resources,” they said.
The company will place more emphasis on developing drugs with the most sales potential, which means getting the business side to work more closely with researchers, they said.
The moves were a positive sign for investors, as Merck shares rose $1.13 Tuesday, to close at $48.74. Despite its problems, the company's stock is up about 19 percent this year.
In a note to investors, Morningstar research analyst Damien Conover said Merck's “strategic shift toward specialty care and R&D will help lay the groundwork for stronger innovation.”
N.J. NEWS ON THE GO Our redesigned mobile site has quick page loads and app-style navigation, and lets you join the conversation with comments and social media. Visit NJ.com from any mobile browser.
But Rutgers Business School professor Mahmud Hassan wondered what took so long. “Merck's been limping along for the last several years, relying on one drug, Januvia,” they said. Sales of that blockbuster diabetes medication are now being threatened as several new competitors are in the final stages of development or scheduled to debut their own versions in the next two years.
Hassan added that Merck's decision to lay off thousands of workers was a short-term fix, and that trying to sell off properties will be a difficult proposition in the current economy.
“Who's going to buy Whitehouse Station at this time?” Hassan said. “It's massive.”
That Hunterdon County facility, opened in 1992, now houses about 2,100 employees and has 1 million square feet of office space. Employees and contractors there will move to the Kenilworth office, which now has about 1,500 workers, Keller said.
Merck's animal health unit — the second largest globally — will shift from Summit to another in-state location, while certain manufacturing, laboratory and other functions will move to sites in New Jersey or Pennsylvania.
Before Tuesday's call, Fiamingo was bracing for more bad news.
Two months ago, Kenilworth's mayor was watching Merck continue to shrink its presence in the Union County borough. The company had just sent layoff notices to the last of the manufacturing workers there and the campus' future was uncertain, they said. Merck pays a quarter of Kenilworth's overall property tax bill, although the amount was slightly reduced when the manufacturing unit closed.
“I was holding my breath, waiting for the other shoe to drop,” the mayor said. “And then they told me, and I thought, finally, some good news.”
It was the same feeling around this time last year in Summit, when officials cheered the news that Merck would move its headquarters there — to the one time Ciba Geigy site — likely adding to its existing 1,600 employees. The drugmaker is Summit's second largest employer and largest taxpayer, the mayor said, contributing more than $9 million a year in local and county taxes.
Merck will continue to pay taxes as long as it owns the Morris Avenue property, but Dickson acknowledged the departure is “a very tough blow. I was hoping when I got the call it was to tell me they were going to put up another building,” they said.
A meeting had been scheduled for next week between Merck and city officials to discuss final approval for the new headquarters designation.
That transition was to be completed by the end of 2014. Now, the site's eventual closure will follow a similar timeline, and a new meeting is scheduled for this week to discuss possible uses and prospective buyers.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Merck to close manufacturing facility on its Kenilworth campus and lay off 113 employees
WASHINGTON -- In an effort to control employees' activities on Facebook and Twitter, some U.S. companies have instituted social media policies that run afoul of labor law and infringe on workers' rights, according to a memo issued Wednesday by the general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board.
General Motors, one of the largest automakers in the world, has gone so far as to forbid employees from posting anything potentially "misleading" about the company online and even told employees to be careful about "friending" their co-workers on Facebook, the memo indicates.
Other companies, including DISH Network and Target, have also maintained corporate policies that at least partially violated provisions of the National Labor Relations Act, according to the memo. That federal law covers collective bargaining and employees' "protected activities" in the workplace.
Written by Lafe Solomon, acting general counsel for the NLRB, the memo is meant to help employers navigate the ever-changing territory of social media and develop workplace policies that keep within the bounds of the law. Solomon essentially acts as the lead prosecutor for the labor board, and the memo lays out their conclusions on a number of issues that have recently come before the agency.
"This [memo] is actually in response to requests from employer groups who said, 'Hey, we need some guidance. What's a good social media policy?'" explained NLRB spokesperson Nancy Cleeland. "Social media just by its nature is collective activity, and that goes to the heart of our law. It makes sense that we would pick this up."
At this point, Solomon's reading of the law constitutes little more than suggestions to employers on how to avoid potential legal problems. And a GM spokesperson said that despite the NLRB's recommendations, the company hasn't changed its policy, maintaining that it "complies with applicable laws." But the memo may signal some of the legal wrangling that lies ahead, particularly if more workers choose to challenge their employers' social media policies on the grounds of free speech or labor rights.
The memo quotes social media guidelines from several companies whose policies came up in cases before the board and then provides an analysis of their legality. Judging from those guidelines, companies are trying to walk a fine line between discouraging employees' unprofessional or unfavorable posts online and stepping on employees' right to post them.
GM, for instance, laid out some rather stringent rules for Facebook and other sites, urging employees to think twice before linking up with colleagues online or posting about their employer. The policy warned of "disciplinary action" if workers disobeyed the guidelines.
"If you engage in discussion related to [GM], in addition to disclosing that you work for [GM] and that your views are personal, you must also be sure that your posts are completely accurate and not misleading and that they do not reveal non-public company information on any public site," the memo quotes from the automaker's policy.
If a worker was ever "in doubt" about whether saying something online would violate the guidelines, the policy warned, "DO NOT POST."
It also stated, "Think carefully about 'friending' co-workers ... on external social media sites. Communications with co-workers on such sites that would be inappropriate in the workplace are also inappropriate online, and what you say in your personal social media channels could become a concern in the workplace."
In the memo, Solomon argued that GM's policy is unlawful in several ways. Prohibiting workers from posting anything "misleading" is overly broad, they wrote, since such a restriction could be stretched to cover lawful criticism of working conditions. Urging employees to think twice before friending colleagues is also overly broad, they said, since it could "discourage communications among co-workers." Requiring workers to check with GM managers before posting something would violate labor protections as well, they contended.
Mary Henige, a GM spokesperson, said via email that the company hasn't changed its social media policy since it was instituted in 2007. "We feel we have a comprehensive policy that informs and guides employees as they navigate the social web, and complies with applicable laws," they wrote.
In the case of DISH Network, Solomon argued that the satellite broadcaster's social media policy infringed on employees' rights when it prohibited "disparaging or defamatory comments about [DISH], its employees, officers, directors, vendors, customers, partners, affiliates, or our, or their, products/services." Solomon said that workers could "reasonably construe" this rule to mean they can't criticize their employer's labor practices.
They also said DISH's prohibition on talking with reporters or bloggers without company authorization infringed on workers' rights under labor law. A DISH spokesperson did not return a call seeking comment.
Target's policy, the memo alleges, overstepped labor law by telling employees they cannot "release confidential guest, team member or company information" via social networks. Solomon argued that such a rule could be seen as forbidding workers from sharing "their own conditions of employment," including wages and working conditions. Molly Snyder, a Target spokesperson, declined to comment on the memo.
The memo doesn't chastise every company and its social media policy. In fact, it holds up one rather well-known retailer as a model for all others: Walmart. Every section of the company's recently revised policy is "lawful," according to Solomon. The company's guidelines merely prohibit "inappropriate postings that may include discriminatory remarks, harassment, and threats of violence or similar inappropriate or unlawful conduct."
Walmart's broadest social media rule doesn't violate the law either, according to the memo, even though it's a rule that Internet users love to break: "Be Respectful."
European bitcoin payments processor Coinify is expanding its repertoire of digital currencies to include Ether, Tether USD, Ripple and Counterparty tokens, among a host of others. From today (4 November), Copenhagen-based Coinify will process payments in 16 digital currencies including bitcoin.
Coinify is the largest European digital currency payments company with some 10,000 merchants on its books and tie-ups with12 payment service providers, most of them also processing credit card payments. Interestingly, Coinify received a multi-million dollar capital injection from SEED Capital, which is funded by the Danish government.
IBTimes UK asked what sort of things Coinify expected to be paid for in Ether. Lasse Birk, chief product officer explained that Ether is the native currency of the Ethereum project and used to pay for computational operations on that network, such as smart contracts. Ether trades on digital currency exchanges at between 60- and 70-cents at present.
Birk agreed that at moment the sort of people who might pay for things with ether outside of Ethereum contracts, would be tech-savvy and the goods would probably be IT-related.
They told IBTimes: "We have just launched this today and so Ether can now be used to pay for things with any of our merchants. It will probably only use today by quite technical people and we would expect that in the beginning Ether would be mostly used to pay for IT services and cloud storage and such things. We are also planning to support Counterparty tokens as payment on our platform. Counterparty is a platform built on top of bitcoin that is essentially Ethereum compatible."
Birk said payments made in some of the currencies being added to Coinify's roster may be an unknown quantity as yet, but that "this will be interesting data that we can start picking up now, where we can see this type of customer, or this type of merchant does a lot of ether payments, for instance."
They added that Coinify had generally seen an increase in payments made for online food takeaways made in bitcoin, as well as for clothing, shoes and cosmetics:"There are of course several companies processing digital currency payments, but we are the only major one to support a wide range of them. For Coinify merchants and partners it is business as usual as they are still paid in euros, dollars, pounds, kroner or other local currency to their bank account within a few days."
Other interesting additions included Tether USD, which was previously called Realcoin and which is pegged on-to-one with US dollars. Tether USD, which was founded by Brock Pierce, a former Disney child actor, maintains a real-time record of its dollar-based reserves, all held in conservative investments, and will subject that record to the blockchain's authenticating system.
The coins will be introduced or removed from circulation depending on whether dollars are being added or redeemed. "So now you don't don't have to worry about the exchange rate of this digital currency," noted Birk
Also on the Coinify firm is Startcoin, the crowdfunding digital currency created by financial and cryptocurrency pundit Max Keiser, the author and presenter of the Keiser Report, and Simon Dixon of BnkToThefuture.
Coinify recently announced a tie-up with Singapore-based digital assets company Digix to create crypto-assets on Ethereum starting with gold.
If everything had gone Kelsey Grammer's way, Frasier might have ended up nothing more than an idea.
“My initial feelings were that Frasier should die with Cheers,” Grammer told ABC's Chris Connelly on the set of EW's latest Reunions issue. Of course, Grammer eventually changed their mind — paving the way for 11 seasons of intellectually-laced farce on Frasier.
Before signing on for the show, though, Grammer made a few requests: specifically, that their character not be married, and that their onscreen child would make only occasional appearances. “Of course,” adds Grammer, “I forgot to mention I didn't want any animals on the show.”
Jack Russell Terrier-lovers will forever thank them for making that mistake.
Watch below to see Grammer and their TV family — David Hyde Pierce and John Mahoney — reunite in Chicago as the show's female leads, Peri Gilpin and Jane Leeves, meet in Los Angeles. Though they're in separate locations, they share a love for the TV series that brought them together — all mixed up like tossed salads and scrambled eggs.
Nothing's final, but: A deal to bring ABC's canceled Happy Endings to the USA Network appeared to be dead late Friday. Multiple sources tell Vulture that, despite intense negotiations and general agreement on financials, it now seems as if the characters from the Sony/ABC Studios-produced show are now unlikely to be welcomed at the network where Characters (are) Welcome. A USA Network rep declined comment late Friday, and reps for the studios could not be reached. All of this does not mean Happy is dead-dead. For one thing, negotiations can take radical and sudden turns, and USA's refusal to comment might indicate there's still a chance the situation will change and a deal will get done. What's more, we're already hearing other networks are mulling the idea of acquiring the show, including NBC and TBS. Stay tuned.
“It made me cry,” Judy Shepard told FOXSports.com during an interview Monday afternoon. “It was really quite a tribute, and I was very honored. And I know Matt would be thrilled.” And the Shepards hope, someday, to be able to thank Collins personally for their bravery in opening themselves up to the world and honoring their son's name in the process.
“I would really love to speak to him, because I know Judy and I would just like to thank him,” Dennis Shepard said. “Because, No. 1, they had the courage to come out, period, and No. 2 that they wore 98 in honor of Matt, the year that they died. “(Collins) couldn't have been that old (when it happened), so it must have had a tremendous impact on him, the story behind Matt, for them to want to do that. And then to wear it all this time without telling people why until today, that's incredible.”
Close
Italian 3D printing company Youbionic, known for its bionic hand prototype that has been in development for a few years, announced its plans to release a bionic arm targeted for those with birth defects or those with accident-related missing limbs.
Youbionic's bionic hand started as a CAD model, and is now a working prototype. The hand is powered by the open-source software Arduino, which acts like the brain to send electric impulses that trigger muscle movements. This means the consumer is able to open and close their palm, and move their fingers. The technology would allow patients to have and experience the movements as close to those of an authentic hand or arm as possible.
Youbionic's founder Federico Ciccarese revealed that the experiments conducted on the prototype were successful, and that the company has a goal of getting a wearable product out on the market by the end of the year.
"We validated our initial idea that material deformation is necessary in order to optimize the hand's movements. The mechanical intuition that we derived from a direct observation of muscular fibers have provided us with the necessary elements to design the entire bionic hand," they said.
While the company continues to perfect the bionic hand prototype, it has begun developing the fully 3D-printed bionic arm that follows the same concept.
Even though the fully 3D-printed arm is just in the development stage, Ciccarese said that the design and electronics components have been selected, and the bionic arm will now enter its next phase.
The bionic arms, especially if added to a person's existing arms, expand the range widely, the site notes. "Youbionic devices will turn you into an person able to perform movements in sync impossible for a traditional man," Ciccarese added.
The company will continue to work on both bionic hand and arms, with the 3D-printed hand targeted for a retail price of $1,100.
Via: 3D Printing Industry
Photo: Federico Youbionic | YouTube
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Buying Choices
Elektron's Overbridge has got to be one of the most exciting software innovations in a while - the notion of having a one-wire solution for MIDI/Audio and data to bring all your Elektron Analog Series hardware together is nifty.
With additional software editors for the range, it makes working the Elektron way more accessible too.
We had a visit from Elektron engineer Jimmy and Elektron's Cenk (aka Dataline) they gave us a rundown of what the new updates offer.
Overbridge 1.10 news:
- Support for OS X El Capitan
- Improved support for other hosts than Ableton Live
- Multiple outputs also in AU plugins
- Plugin sidechain inputs for analog processing of audio via the plugins
- Big UI overhaul, polishing and usability improvements
- Improved timing and jitter performance in the sync mechanisms
- Smaller buffer sizes now supported, lower latency
- Automatable track mutes for Elektron sequencer
Analog Four/Keys OS 1.22 news:
- Sequencer note conditions. Probability-, modulo- and and fill-modes etc.
- Pitch-tracking LFO modes for FM-type sounds (also new modulation destinations for linear pitch modulation)
- Free-running LFO modes, disconnected from BPM.
Analog Rytm OS 1.22 news:
- Sequencer note conditions. Probability-, modulo- and and fill-modes etc.
- Free-running LFO modes, disconnected from BPM.
More Information
Elektron.se
More From: ELEKTRON
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In the past four years, Matt Slobodan has started a new job, moved into a new house, and watched their young family grow by two more children.
Something that Slobodan hasn't managed to do since 2012 is found a good solution to the parking situation at the Century Park LRT station. That's when they first put their name on a wait list for a reserved spot there.
"I get here by 6:10 a.m. every day. They've just made it easier for lazy people who don't want to get here early and now they can pay $50," they said on Wednesday.
To attend an event in Churchill Square, Anthony Waggot searched for a parking stall for 20 minutes at Century Park before giving up. 0:46
Slobodan was in the park and ride the day before 75 per cent of those parking stalls were to become reserved for those paying a fee of $50 per month That's up from 14 per cent of the 1,300 parking stalls previously reserved — the rest were free, but often filled before 8 a.m.
The unpaved parking patch beside the LRT station may be the most popular parking lot in the country. There are almost 5,000 people waiting for a reserved spot. Many have been on the list for longer than a person might spend obtaining a college degree.
"This is an extreme situation," said Julian Jones, a spokesperson for Impark, the company that manages the parking lot and more than 3,500 other sites across North America. "Generally speaking, we don't run waiting lists on lots."
In July, city council approved a plan to increase the number of reserved stalls at Century Park. More reserved stalls are also coming to Belvedere, Clareview, and Stadium station park-and-rides.
The city has said the plan will help cover the $800,000 cost of maintaining the lots.
This is an extreme situation. Generally speaking, we don't run waiting lists on lots. - Julian Jones
Slobodan won't be parking there anymore. They have already purchased a monthly pass to park in a lot close to their downtown office
"It's $200 per month to not put up with the LRT."
Slobodan was actually contacted in March about a reserved spot at the Century Park park and ride. But after four years on the wait list, they had already adjusted their work schedule to start early in the day. At the time, the plan to decrease the amount of free parking hadn't been discussed, so they turned down the spot.
"I was always here by 6:10 a.m. anyway, I didn't need to spend an extra $42 per month on parking." ​
City council approved increasing the amount of reserved parking at the park and ride beside Century Park LRT to 75 per cent of stalls. (CBC)
ETS spokesperson Jennifer Laraway encouraged all commuters to, "make a Plan B before you even leave the house." They also encouraged people to consider taking express busses downtown from Eaux Claire, Meadows, and Lewis Farms transit centres.
"It's one of the hidden gems where people don't realize they have free parking and quick access to downtown."
Laraway said the entire park and ride at Century Park will be free after 5 p.m. on week nights, and all day on weekends.
That's good news for commuters such as Anthony Waggott, who uses the lot for occasional trips into the city.
"I don't mind driving a little bit to take the train to get down there, it reduces the hassle, especially with Rogers Place opening up," they said. "With events, it is nice to just hop on the train and just go down but if there's no free park and ride, it doesn't really make a lot of sense."
The Dolphins were unable to strike a deal with linebacker Zach Brown during their free-agent visit as of early afternoon Tuesday, a source with knowledge of the situation said today.
But the sides have not closed the door on the possibility of a deal down the road.
At the moment, the Dolphins and Brown are not close on money. But Brown has by no means ruled out the Dolphins if more financially lucrative options do not emerge.
Meanwhile, the Dolphins lost out on a chance to sign defensive end/tackle Tyson Alualu, who canceled a scheduled Dolphins visit on Wednesday to sign with the Steelers.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
SHARE COPY LINK Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase speaks with reporters at the NFL Scouting Combine.
Alualu (pictured above) visited Pittsburgh on Monday and decided to sign there instead of going ahead with their Miami visit. It's unclear whether the Dolphins intended to make Alualu an offer during their visit.
As for Brown, they will visit Buffalo, their former team, and also is still considering the Oakland Raiders, according to a a source. He's also open to other potential suitors.
Brown could play any of the three linebacker positions. Miami already has Kiko Alonso (who signed a contract extension today) and Lawrence Timmons under contract as starters.
Brown is considered the best free agent linebacker still available. Brown had 149 tackles, four passes defended, four sacks, an interception and two forced fumbles as a starter for the Buffalo Bills last season.
If the Dolphins don't sign Brown, they could stick with Koa Misi as their strongside linebacker, but likely at a reduced salary from the $4.3 million he's scheduled to be paid under terms of their non-guaranteed contract. They also could draft a strongside linebacker.
Misi, coming off neck surgery, is expecting to be cleared to resume football activity in May.
Ever since reading Janette Sadik-Khan's book Streetfight, I've been looking forward to biking in New York City. The book recapped the gruelling efforts and leadership put in by Janette and their team in the city government to begin carving out street space for bikes and people, in a city whose streets are dominated by cars. The book gave me a pretty optimistic idea of what cycling in NY would be like; especially after experiencing world-class infrastructure in the Netherlands, I was imagining fully separated infrastructure and easy riding to all the key destinations in the city.
There are many reasons why I love travelling and exploring cities by bicycle. Moving slower than a car, it's easier to capture my surroundings, like parks and cool cafes. No need to find parking means I can travel unencumbered (especially with bike share). Finally, riding a bike in any North American city requires constant attention and focus (for safety reasons), so I become immersed in the city and its interactions.
Recently, I finally had a chance to experience biking in New York first-hand during a free day on a recent visit to the city. I bought a day pass for the CitiBike Bike Share (for just $14) and set out on a day-long adventure across Manhattan and some of its boroughs. In short, bicycling in New York is chaos; it's beyond anything I've experienced in Toronto, which by comparison seems like a Canadian politeness contest.
Here are a few of my takeaways from the experience.
Everyone is Selfish
Congestion and traffic brings out the worst in all of us and New York is no exception. Throughout the day, I experienced constant selfish and risky endeavors from all road users (cyclists included). Drivers turning right across my path, cutting each other off, pulling over in front of me, other cyclists passing or merging on my left and right without notice, running red lights and lots of pedestrians crossing on red lights or walking in bike lanes. It was very much an every-person-for-themselves situation.
Parking, Parking, Parking
For the transit capital of North America, NY is astoundingly car-centric. Multi-lane, one-way arterials make up most of Manhattan's streets, with the city's many bridges and highways bringing a significant amount of motor vehicle traffic into the city daily. This massive volume of cars is accommodated by providing parking on both sides of just about every street. Most of the side streets are made of one traffic lane with a lane of parked cars on each side. It's an incredibly inefficient use of public space, especially in a place where space is so precious.
Discontinuous Infrastructure
I felt right at home in Toronto on this point. New York has a number of far-reaching, protected bikeways which are almost amazing, until they abruptly disappear. Construction closures and illegally-parked vehicles created temporary blockages, but more frequent were interruptions in lanes that were clearly due to objections from a local business or institution. A police station, a hotel, a medical centre, and a freeway on-ramp were all examples I noticed throughout the day (the medical centre was particularly ironic). A bike network is only as safe as its weakest link, and if the weakest link is merging into a five-lane arterial for three blocks, safety is out of the question.
And then I Found Brooklyn
All of these interruptions and risks were starting to make me feel quite stressed (though I'll admit I was still having a great time), and I thought I had just about finished my single-day judgement of New York, when I went to cross the Williamsburg Bridge into Brooklyn.
And that's where it all changed. Crossing the bridge was a breeze (aside from the incline of course); there were signs directing me to it, and the crossing itself was a fully-separated bikeway retrofitted into the rafters of the bridge. Once in Williamsburg (a neighbourhood of Brooklyn), I was greeted by narrow, tree-lined streets and many more cyclists, these looking much more like the kind you'd find in Toronto's Queen West neighbourhood – dressed casually, sometimes without helmets, and fairly gender-balanced.
Wrapping Up
All-in-all, it was a wonderful day, as I experienced cycling in New York (and the fantastic bike share) first hand, but NYC's cycling culture has a long way to go. Discontinuous bike lanes and lack of enforcement force riders to take safety into their own hands, breeding a red-light-running, every-rider-for-themselves mentality. Until these issues are addressed, cycling will remain a fringe activity, done only by the “fast and fearless”.
SSBMRank will start releasing on December 21, Monday. To clarify any questions, here is an article explaining the process. Side note: We are “powered by HTC” this year.
The Process
Nominations
If a player accomplished any of the following:
Top 64 at Apex 2015, CEO 2015, Evo 2015, Big House 5
Top 24 at Dreamhack Winter
Top 16 at a US Major
Top 8 at a European major
, then they were auto-nominated. Any other player had to be nominated with a reasonable list of accomplishments with a form that was distributed. This form was in distribution for roughly 3 weeks. With the help of a few others, I added people to the nomination list, but also removed some that were auto-nominated on the final ballot. Some examples of this included: Lovage who had only participated at Evo. It was tough to create a fully objective criterion to determine who was active because no particular system seemed to encompass what I deemed acceptable. Mostly, I went by an “eye-test” to determine whether a person was active, but went fairly conservative on removing people as well. I also removed some auto-nominated players that were very unlikely to make it into the top 100. This was done to trim a list of 300 players to about 150, making it easier on the panelists to rate the entire list.
There are some slight biases to US players as opposed to other Regions (Europe, Japan, Mexico), which I recognize. This was due to the majority of panelists and larger tournaments being in the US. I would rather put a person on a “hidden boss/Inactive” list than give a very inaccurate rating. However, I did compromise from previous years by allowing European Nationals to help determine activity, which wasn't done in previous SSBMranks. As more tournaments occur in Europe, I am fully confident that there will be more than enough exposure to loosen the requirements on international players. To be consistent, many players in the US were also not included if their Nationals/Majors attendance were sparse. A very strong and compelling argument would be needed to include a player that didn't meet the auto-nomination process.
The Ballots
Ballots were distributed to ~60 panelists spanning from regions all across the world. Panelists were selected based on their knowledge of the Smash scene. A strong effort was made to distribute according to region fairly, so that one region did not dominate the majority of the ballots. People who had questionable ballots in the past were not asked this time around. The instructions given to the players were this:
“Given the quality and quantity of work in 2015, if everyone entered 100 tournaments today, who on average would place the best?”
Based on this prompt, panelists gave a rating from 1-10 with the worst player on the nomination list getting a “1” and the best getting a “10”. Panelists did not have to rate all players if they did not know enough but were expected to rate at least 90/150 (~60%) of the list.
Ratings and Inactivity
After the ~40 ballots were compiled, I further scrutinized the list. Any player that did not receive enough ratings were moved back into “inactive/hidden boss” status as most of the panelists did not know how to rate players that did not attend much in 2015. Players that also only attended 1-2 majors were also removed if they did not receive enough tallies from panelists.
The ratings were added together, with the “maximum” and “minimum” values removed to reduce variance. Furthermore, I audited the ballots for any obscurities or typos (Ex. 5.9 instead of 9.5 for PPMD). Any player deemed inactive due to a combination of low tallies or majors were removed from the rankings. The players were ordered by score to determine their final rank.
FAQS
Why was ____ not rated?
Chances are that they did not attend enough of the larger tournaments. Hidden bosses exist everywhere, but it would be pointless to evaluate them based on their legacy as opposed to what they have done in 2015. There are several players from across the world that would probably make Top 100, but the purpose is to celebrate the players that went and actually performed in 2015. The criterion for activity was much more lenient than previous years.
What is the Eventhubs List? Is it related to MIOM?
Not directly, they worked independent of us, but used a similar process. Still check out their list, they did a reasonably good job and comparing the two will be interesting.
Is this your list? Is this MIOM's decision?
Naturally, many of the top figureheads are in Melee It On Me, but this ranking consists of a large panel that greatly extends beyond myself or MIOM.
Why is this player underrated? This list blows
SSBMRank is an aggregate of opinions. People will have disagreements. Beyond the Top 30, most of the players between 40 and 150 are very close in skill. Pay attention to rating more so than the absolute rank and, hopefully, you will have a greater appreciation for their closeness in skill.
Who are the Hidden bosses/Inactive?
A full list will be released eventually
Who are the panelists?
A full list will be released once the ballots have been fully audited.
When will it be released?
SSBMRank will start on December 21!
New Zealand soldiers helped collect biometric data for a controversial programme the public was never told about.
The revelation comes in the Stuff Circuit documentary series The Valley, which exposes that New Zealand soldiers were involved in the intelligence-gathering programme that the public never knew about. It involved going into villages with a handheld device, taking eye scans and recording fingerprints.
A former top intelligence official in Kabul said the device the New Zealanders were using was one called "Seek", and that the data was uploaded to ISAF, the International Security Assistance Force, which New Zealand forces in Afghanistan operated under, but then shared with the CIA.
Former Chief of Defence Retired Lieutenant General Rhys Jones admitted New Zealand soldiers were involved in the programme throughout their deployment to Afghanistan, but said, "It wasn't a secret. It was probably just [one] of the things we did we weren't told back here in New Zealand".
Though Jones maintains the programme wasn't a secret, there has been no reporting of it in New Zealand, and a search of Parliamentary records revealed just two obscure references to the use of biometric equipment by the New Zealand Defence Force, and neither were in relation to operations in Afghanistan.
Even a former Minister of Defence, Wayne Mapp, said they did not know about the programme.
Jones justified the biometric data collection as being integral for identifying known or suspected insurgents.
"This was a zone that was insecure, we needed to track people. It was almost… 'martial law', but the rules of the country at the time were that this is necessary for the Afghan police to know who's in the area".
Jones said New Zealand soldiers were focused on males aged 15-70 - the group known as 'fighting age males' - and admitted that they also scanned dead people, "to find out who they were, to be able to match that database, so who is this person that's been killed in a firefight and was carrying a weapon, or was around an IED site? Do we have information on them already?"
In Afghanistan, Stuff Circuit spoke to a former New Zealand patrol commander who also defended the use of biometric data collection, although conceded it was a tough question.
"It's a useful tool in terms of sorting out who may have involved in incidents and who's not involved".
However a former Afghan parliamentarian, Moeen Marastial, questioned New Zealand's role in the controversial programme, saying "Why are they taking bio data from me if I am innocent?"
They said Afghans knew the New Zealand soldiers' role in Afghanistan was as part of a Provincial Reconstruction Team. "They are in Afghanistan for reconstruction, for rebuilding, working for the roads, working for the schools, working for the hospitals. That's why it will be questionable to the people of Afghanistan. Taking biometric data is not reconstruction in Afghanistan."
Mapp, who was Minister of Defence from 2008-2011, told Stuff Circuit they did not know our soldiers were involved in the programme, but they too defended it, saying, "I'm not entirely surprised either because I suspect they were doing that of people that they might have felt there was a degree of risk and they need to be able to track them and put them in the database."
They said questioning New Zealand's involvement in the programme was "frankly naive, because obviously ISAF have to know about the insurgency."
- Stuff Circuit
German Chancellor Angela Merkel points the way to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (L) after a press conference at the chancellery in Berlin on October 21, 2015.
Germany severely condemned a new Israeli law which enables the expropriation of private Palestinian land on Wednesday, saying that that the law's enactment by the Knesset on Monday has shaken Germany's faith in Israel's commitment to peace.
>>> Get all updates on Israel and the Palestinians: Download our free App, and Subscribe >>>
"Many in Germany who stand by Israel and feel great commitment toward it find themselves deeply disappointed by this move," the German Foreign Ministry spokesperson said.
"Our trust in the Israeli government's commitment to the two-state solution has been fundamentally shaken ," they said.
The new law allows the state to declare private Palestinian land on which settlements or outposts were built, “in good faith or at the state's instruction” as government property, and deny its owners the right to use or hold those lands until there is a diplomatic resolution of the status of the territories.
>>> Explained: Israel's controversial new land-grab law and why it matters >>>
The measure provides a mechanism for compensating Palestinians whose lands will be seized. A landowner can receive an annual usage payment of 125 percent of the land's value as determined by an assessment committee for renewable periods of 20 years, or an alternate plot of land if this is possible, whichever they choose.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Attorney General Avichai Mendelblit continues to oppose the bill, and figures in their circle stressed that they do not intend to defend it, even in its current formulation, in the event that petitions against it are filed in the High Court of Justice.
skip - fb share button
Sharing is caring. Spread the word
In their remarks, the German spokesperson noted Mendelblit's reservations regarding the law and said that it would be best to legally examine the law as soon as possible.
"We hope and look forward to the Israeli government renewing its commitment for the two-state solution to be reached through negotiations, and prove it by actual steps in accordance with the Middle East Quartet's demand," they said.
"After the puzzling remarks by several cabinet ministers who have publicly called for the annexation of parts of the West Bank, and are preparing bills for that purpose, this is now a question of credibility," they said.
Germany's strong remarks joined criticism of the law by the European Union, Britain, France, Turkey, Jordan and the UN secretary general, who have all spoken out against the law in the past two days.
France called on Israel to "take back" the law "to honor its international commitments" and Britain said the law "damages Israel's standing with its international partners" and threatens "the viability of the two-state solution."
At the same time, a summit between Israel and the European Union scheduled for February 28 had been postponed following the passage of the controversial law, diplomats told Haaretz. The meeting was meant to mark the tightened cooperation between Israel and the EU and to set out a work plan and priorities for improving relations between the sides.
The U.S., for its part, has kept silent about the new law. A senior official said the U.S. will not respond until Israel's Supreme Court rules on the petition against the law. "This is the first time since 1967 that Israeli civil law is being applied directly to the West Bank, and that Israel's attorney general has stated publicly that they will not defend it in court," they said.
A new report from the IAEA has once again affirmed that the Iranian government is complying with the P5+1 nuclear deal, and that Iran's stockpiles have all remained below the limits set forth in the deal.
The deal went into effect in January, unfreezing large amounts of Iranian assets and ending a number of sanctions on the nation in return for setting limits on their civilian nuclear program. The US has been under fire from Iran and the EU for reneging on parts of the relief promised, particularly continuing to threaten European banks that do business with Iran under the terms of the deal.
Iran came up on one of the limits set in the P5+1 deal in February, with its production of heavy water approaching the 130 metric ton limit. This was quickly resolved, with Iran selling the additional heavy water to the United States.
This matter has riled many in Congress who opposed the deal, and some are trying to bar the US from buying any more heavy water in the hopes it will lead Iran to “technically” violate the deal. Heavy water is not radioactive at any rate, and the P5+1 deal allows Iran to continue selling it internationally to remain below the limit.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Share
Previous Next 1 of 5
That's what Utah-based robotics company Sarcos has developed with Guardian S, a rugged, waterproof snakebot that's capable of shimmying across virtually any type of terrain, through thin pipes, and upstairs. Heck, it can even rear up like a cobra, or crawl directly up walls, courtesy of its magnetized body.
“Most current ground-based mobile robots have limited mobility over challenging terrain, substantially more limited range, shorter battery life, and significantly more weight,” Sarcos chairperson and CEO Ben Wolff told Digital Trends. “The Guardian S represents not just an improvement, but a quantum leap forward, in unmanned ground vehicle platforms. [It's] designed for mobility and is adept at traversing difficult terrain, fitting into confined spaces with openings 5 inches or more, that are inaccessible by humans and other ground-based robots, and climbing vertically or upstairs.”
The Guardian S snakebot is able to do this thanks to its unique design. While many previous robotics solutions have been designed with a two-track, tank-like configuration, the Guardian S utilizes forward and rear tracks and an articulated center section that provides much greater mobility. It can run for up to 18 hours, and is controlled using a video game-style controller.
As it travels, Guardian S gathers data using its various sensors, which include infrared, radiation, gas and vibration detection, GPS, accelerometer, 3D mapping, and 360-degree video with low-light capabilities.
But while it sounds like the greatest robot toy ever, Wolff noted that the Guardian S is really designed for serious purposes. Those might be applications including SWAT, explosive ordinance disposal, HAZMAT, fire, or disaster recovery — basically any scenario in which it's not safe or desirable to deploy a human being.
In essence, it's the ultimate robot of its kind — although you don't expect it to be cheap. Sarcos is currently taking pre-orders, with the base price coming in at $60,000, and further customization costing extra. The company is additionally considering a $2,000 per month price tier, which would include upgrades, training, and the like. The Guardian S will commence shipping (or should we say “slithering”) in August.
That's not the only astonishing robot Sarcos has developed, though. It has also created an amazing Guardian GT robot, a human-controlled, force-multiplying robotic dual-armed system that allows users to lift payloads of up to 1,000 pounds at a time. Another project in development is a full bodysuit exoskeleton, designed to improve human strength and endurance.
Needless to say, we probably haven't heard the last of this innovative company.
(Rawpixelimages/Dreamstime)
It's been a rough two weeks for the family-structure denialists, those progressive academics (Philip Cohen, “How to Live in a World Where Marriage Is in Decline”), journalists (Katie Roiphe, “New York Times, Stop Moralizing About Single Mothers”), and pundits (Matthew Yglesias, “The ‘Decline' of Marriage Isn't a Problem”) who seek to minimize or deny the importance of marriage and family structure. That's because three new pieces of scholarship — a journal, a report, and a study — were released this month that solidify the growing scientific consensus that marriage and family structure matter for children, families, and the nation as a whole.
On October 14, Princeton University and Brookings released a new issue of The Future of Children, focused on marriage and child well-being. After reviewing family research over the last decade, the issue's big takeaway, co-authored by Princeton sociologist Sara McLanahan and Brookings economist Isabel Sawhill, was this:
Whereas most scholars now agree that children raised by two biological parents in a stable marriage do better than children in other family forms across a wide range of outcomes, there is less consensus about why. Is it the quality of parenting? Is it the availability of additional resources (time and money)? Or is it just that married parents have different attributes than those who aren't married? Thus a major theme we address in this issue is why marriage matters for child wellbeing. Although definitive answers to these questions continue to elude the research community, we've seen a growing appreciation of how these factors interact, and all of them appear to be involved.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In other words, although scholars are not exactly sure why marriage matters for children, they know that marriage does matter for them.
On Tuesday, the Washington Post spotlighted a new report, Strong Families, Prosperous States: Do Healthy Families Affect the Wealth of States?, that highlights the macroeconomic associations between marriage and state economies. The report, which I co-authored with economists Robert Lerman and Joseph Price for the American Enterprise Institute and the Institute for Family Studies, shows that states with higher levels of married parenthood enjoy higher levels of growth, economic mobility for children growing up poor, and median family income, along with markedly lower levels of child poverty.
RELATED: The Failure of the Family Widens America's Economic and Cultural Divides
When we compare states in the top quintile of married-parent families with those in the bottom quintile, we find that being in the top quintile is associated with a $1,451 higher per capita GDP, 10.5 percent greater upward income mobility for children from lower-income families, a 13.2 percent decline in the child-poverty rate, and a $3,654 higher median family income. And because we control for a range of factors — from the educational and racial composition of a state to its tax policies and spending on education — that might otherwise confound the family–economy link at the state level, we believe that marriage trends are having an impact on state prosperity. Indeed, for three of our four outcomes, as the Washington Post noted, “the share of parents who are married in a state is a better predictor of that state's economic health than the racial composition and educational attainment of the state's residents.”
Take the state-by-state health of the American Dream. The figure above, which shows how far up the income distribution children raised at the 25th percentile end up as 30-year-old adults, indicates that lower-income children typically rise higher in adulthood in states with more married parents than in states with fewer married parents. So children from states with lots of married parents — Minnesota, North Dakota, and Utah, for example — typically land at the 47th percentile or higher than adults. By contrast, children hailing from states with comparatively few married parents, such as Mississippi, North Carolina, and South Carolina, generally don't even reach the 40th percentile as adults. These patterns are consistent with Harvard economist Raj Chetty's observation that “the strongest predictors of upward mobility are measures of family structure.” Indeed, on this outcome, we found that married parenthood was a stronger predictor of economic mobility than was a state's racial composition or the share of its population that is college-educated.
Not surprisingly, a similar pattern unfolds when it comes to child poverty. As the figure above shows, child poverty is comparatively rare in states with lots of married parents, and much more common in states with fewer married parents. So one reason that New Mexico and Louisiana, for example, rank No. 1 and No. 2 in child poverty is that they have comparatively few families headed by married parents. Likewise, child poverty is comparatively rare in New Hampshire and North Dakota, in part because the vast majority of kids in these states live with married parents. And, here again, we find that married parenthood is a better predictor of child poverty than are the racial composition and educational attainment of the states. So much for the idea that marriage per se doesn't matter.
Although scholars are not exactly sure why marriage matters for children, they know that marriage does matter for them.
Yesterday, the news was even worse for the family-structure denialists, after the New York Times highlighted a major new study from MIT economist David Autor and their colleagues showing that less-advantaged boys are floundering in school and society — and more so than their less-advantaged female peers — in part because, compared with more-advantaged boys, they are less likely to grow up in a married home with their father. In particular, compared with their sisters, less-advantaged boys “have a higher incidence of truancy and behavioral problems throughout elementary and middle school, exhibit higher rates of behavioral and cognitive disability, perform worse on standardized tests, are less likely to graduate high school, and are more likely to commit serious crimes as juveniles.”
Advertisement
#share#One big reason for this growing gender gap in educational, behavioral, and social outcomes between less-advantaged boys and girls is that boys are often hit harder by the absence of married parents and of a father than are girls, according to Autor's new study. That's a big issue today in America, because marriage is much weaker in poor and working-class communities than it is in more-educated and affluent ones. For instance, in their study of more than 1 million Florida children, they find that the “boy–girl gap in suspensions is far smaller in families where children are born to married parents” and that the gender gap in high-school graduation is smaller for children whose parents are married than for children in single-mother homes.
Advertisement
Advertisement
RELATED: Social Inequality Matters as Much as — or More Than — Economic Inequality
The figure below, taken from their study, is illustrative of their findings. It shows that the gender gaps in school readiness for kindergarten and in absences from school are smaller when a child's parents are married or the father is present. In fact, boys outperform girls in math in married families, but underperform them when dad is absent from the home.
Figure: Boy–Girl Gaps in Kindergarten Readiness, School Absences, and Math Scores by Family Structure
Source: David Autor, David Figlio, Krzysztof Karbownik, Jeffrey Roth, and Melanie Wasserman, “Family Disadvantage and the Gender Gap in Behavioral and Educational Outcomes,” October 21, 2015. The effect of family structure on absence is statistically significant, net of controls.
The bottom line: Since the 1970s, a range of scholars, journalists, and pundits have sought to minimize the emotional, social, and economic fallout of the nation's retreat from marriage, a retreat that has hit poor and working-class families and children especially hard. This is not to say that family structure is the only thing that matters: The research, including Autor's new study, also tells us that factors such as class, race, and the quality and stability of family life — not just family structure — play a major role in affecting the welfare of children and families.
Advertisement
But with study after study showing that children, families, and now even states benefit from strong and stable married families, the job of those who would seek to deny that marriage and family structure also play an important role — the family-structure denialists — is getting harder and harder. That's because the facts just aren't with those who seek to deny the scientific evidence that family change is having a major impact on our social environment and — in particular — our boys.
– W. Bradford Wilcox, a sociologist at the University of Virginia, directs the Home Economics Project at the American Enterprise Institute and the Institute for Family Studies. You can follow them on Twitter here: @WilcoxNMP.
The results also indicated that our age preferences seem to change as we age, but in different ways for men and women. Specifically, although both men's and women's lower age limit increased as they themselves got older, the rate of this increase was more than twice as fast for women as it was for men. Because men have a lower limit to begin with compared to women, this means that, as we age, the gender difference in preferences for young partners actually seems to get even bigger.
So what about the upper age limit? The results indicated that, as people get older, the age of the oldest person they are willing to have sex with increases. However, this trend does not differ across the sexes—in other words, the rate of change in one's willingness to have sex with older partners seems to be pretty similar for men and women.
When it came to sexual orientation, the results suggested that the overall patterns of age preferences tended to be fairly similar within a given gender group (as you can see in the table above). In other words, people of the same gender expressed fairly similar preferences regardless of their sexual orientation.
However, one important difference that did emerge is that the rate of increase in the lower preferred age limit was smaller for gay men than it was for any other gender/sexuality category. In other words, as they get older, gay men retain interest in younger partners more than anyone else.
Of course, there are a few important limitations of this study, one being that all data were collected in Finland, a country that—among other things—has more gender equality than most other industrialized nations, a factor that could potentially impact mating preferences. As such, it's always wise to be cautious about broadly generalizing results across cultures. In addition, this study looked only at the role of age, which is just one of many, many characteristics that people might pay attention to when selecting a potential sexual partner. And, finally, the researchers asked about preferred parter age in a way that was devoid of context. This is a key point because people might have different preferred partner ages depending upon whether they're thinking about a casual relationship or a romantic relationship.
That said, these results are important because they provide evidence that our sexual age preferences appear to change as we get older and, moreover, that the changes that occur may be different for men and women, as well as persons of different sexualities.
Want to learn more about Sex and Psychology ? Click here for previous articles or follow the blog on Facebook (facebook.com/psychologyofsex), Twitter (@JustinLehmiller), or Reddit (reddit.com/r/psychologyofsex) to receive updates.
To learn more about this research, see: Antfolk, J. (2017). Age Limits: Men's and Women's Youngest and Oldest Considered and Actual Sex Partners. Evolutionary Psychology.
Image Source: 123RF.com/Karen Roach
You Might Also Like:
Despite slicing up what some call the best pastrami in town, Toronto mainstay Moe Pancer's Deli has closed its doors after being in business for more than half a century.
Since 1957, generations of families flocked to the North York establishment and raved about its smoked meat and fricassee.
Long-time customer Dean Payer says they used to take their 101-year-old grandmother and there was “nowhere better than Pancer's” during its heyday.
David Sax, author of Save the Deli, a book that examines the decline of the traditional Jewish deli, says Moe Pancer's Deli wasn't just a restaurant.
“It was a staple of the Toronto Jewish deli scene and that community. It was a true, authentic family-run place you went with your family,” they said.
Today, the walls, usually adorned with newspaper reviews and autographed photos of local legends like rockers Rush and Maple Leafs tough guy Tie Domi, are bare.
The restaurant closed this month. A sign posted on the door cites the reason: Non-payment of rent.
Moe's grandchildren — Lorne, Michael and Cindy — sold the business in November 2010 to Jerry Gould. Their son, Lenny, took over operations.
Lenny Gould claims the restaurant was mismanaged while they were looking after their ailing parents, who both died last July.
“When I came back … unfortunately it was too late for me to recoup the restaurant,” they said.
In 2011, Lorne Pancer opened a new deli, Pancer's Deli Emporium with Frank Houston in Vaughan, north of Toronto.
The partnership didn't last long — Mr. Pancer sold their share to Mr. Houston after only a few months.
Now, deli fans may be in luck; Mr. Pancer is mulling a new traditional-style deli.
“Let's just say we have plans to do it if it's the right location,” they said.
“I still get emails, Facebook messages, phone calls, asking why we sold the place. We fed three generations.”
For their part, Mr. Houston says they aren't surprised the original Bathurst Street deli closed.
“They actually called to see if we wanted to buy it,” they said.
After customers kept asking if they knew what had happened, they went over to see for himself.
“It's a real landmark. Our cutter Wilfred [Philpott] has been cutting for over 55 years. They came over from the old Pancer's. It's amazing the stories you hear.”
They added it is disappointing to see Moe's close, but that should be good for their business now they own the lone Pancer's.
There also a “good possibility” Pancer's Deli Emporium will expand. For now, Mr. Houston says they will settle on preserving its history.
“We're hoping to get some of the old signage,” they said.
Restaurateur Zane Caplansky of Caplansky's Delicatessen said it's “really sad” to see such a “landmark institution” close.
“When I was a kid I grew up in the North York area. We would always go to Pancer's for corned beef,” they said.
“I stand on the shoulders of people like Moe, Lorne and [Lorne's father] Stan Pancer.”
National Post
sgelis@nationalpost.com
Married couple found dead from gunshot wounds in their front yard
JAY — The Santa Rosa County Sheriff's Office is investigating a possible murder-suicide that occurred early Tuesday.
According to a news release from the Sheriff's Office, deputies responded about 5:20 a.m. to a 911 call that reported a shooting in the 3700 block of Hazel Godwin Road in Jay. When they arrived, deputies discovered the bodies of Bobby Ray Waters, 55, and Veronica Ann Waters, 51, in the front yard of the home.
Major crimes detectives and crime scene technicians arrived soon after. The case involving the married couple was being investigated as a murder-suicide, according to the news release.
The Sheriff's Office reported that both people died from gunshot wounds. It was initially believed that Bobby Ray Waters was the shooter.
The street where the shooting occurred is home to many members of the victims' family. Relatives and friends were found outside the home raking the yard in the area where the bodies were found.
"It's a tragedy. It's a bad day," a relative said at the scene.
Alicia Adams of the Santa Rosa Press Gazette contributed to this report.
The Brisbane Lions have locked in three key players, with Harris Andrews, Ben Keays and Sam Skinner signing contract extensions.
Andrews, who was already contracted until the end of 2018, has put pen to paper and will remain at the Lions until at least 2021.
Keays and Skinner have both recommitted until the end of 2019.
Selected at Pick No.61 in the 2014 National Draft, Andrews has played 47 games since their debut against Richmond at the Gabba in Round 3, 2015.
The defender, a graduate of the Hyundai Help for Kids Lions Academy, was voted as a member of the Club's Leadership Group this season for the first time.
Brisbane Lions General Manager of Football David Noble said they were excited to see Andrews continue to develop as one of the Club's key defenders.
“It was important for us to secure Harris' services,” said Noble.
“As a Queenslander they are a great reflection of our commitment to drafting and retaining local talent.
“Harris will continue to grow as a leader of this Club and is a big part of our future.”
The Lions again showed their commitment to nurturing local talent when they selected Ben Keays at Pick No. 24 in the 2015 National Draft.
Keays entered the Lions Academy as a 14-year-old, graduating from the Academy the same year as Eric Hipwood, who signed a contract extension with the Lions in 2016.
Keays has played 23 games since their debut in Round 6, 2016 against the Sydney Swans at the Gabba.
“Ben has already shown us some glimpses of their ability and we look forward to them playing many senior games for us,” said Noble.
A promising defender, Skinner has recommitted to the Club despite a year still to run on their contract.
Skinner has successfully got through their past two NEAFL matches on the way back from a second knee reconstruction.
They were due to debut in July last year before they tore their ACL at training. The 19-year-old spent the early part of their time at the Lions in rehab from an ACL injury sustained playing for Vic Country in 2015.
Skinner was selected at pick No.47 in the 2015 National Draft and came to the Club halfway through their rehabilitation.
Brisbane Lions List Manager Dom Ambrogio said it was Skinner's professionalism and commitment in the face of some difficult times that was most impressive.
"We've been really impressed with Sam," said Ambrogio.
“Despite the setbacks they have shown outstanding professionalism, character and commitment.
"Sam is competitive and aggressive, they will shore up our key defensive stocks for the longer term.
"We can't wait to see what they can do."
Islamic State Under Pressure in Northeast Syria
Kurdish forces in Syria's northeast retook a series of villages that the Islamic State captured earlier this year. The towns' residents are reportedly waiting to return for fear of booby traps, and approximately 200 Assyrian Christians from the area are still believed to be held by the Islamic State. Farther south, Assad regime forces conducted airstrikes against Islamic State-held Taqba air base near Raqqa. The attack marks one of the few occasions the Islamic State has been targeted by the regime and could be a response to the Islamic State's capture of Palmyra from Assad's troops.
The Islamic State has reportedly executed 15 prisoners in the ancient Roman ruins in that city. In Iraq, the country's health minister said that government personnel have excavated four mass graves near Tikrit, recovering 470 bodies. The dead were killed in a massacre of Iraqi soldiers at the Speicher military base in June 2014.
American Journalist on Trial in Iran
American journalist Jason Rezaian, on trial in an Iranian court this week after being detained since last July, rejected accusations of espionage, according to reports by Iranian media. (No foreign press are allowed to cover the trial.) “I'm only a journalist,” they reportedly told the court. “All my activities were as a journalist and all were legal.” As evidence against him, the court presented a letter from Rezaian to President Barack Obama in which Rezaian discussed their reporting. “In Iran, I'm in contact with simple laborers to influential mullahs,” Rezaian reportedly wrote. If convicted, Rezaian faces up to twenty years in prison.
Headlines
At least 80 people were killed in the deadliest day of Saudi airstrikes to date in Yemen; one-third of the country's population is in need of urgent medical care, according to the World Health Organization.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mehmet Cavusoglu walked back comments from earlier this week suggesting that the United States would conduct airstrikes to protect Syrian rebels, saying foreign military support is still being “technically studied.”
With one month before the proposed deadline for negotiations for a nuclear deal with Iran, Iranian and French officials said this week that talks could extend past June 30.
Saudi Arabia added two Hezbollah officials to their designated terrorist list for their purported actions in Yemen and Egypt.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair is resigning from their post as Quartet Middle East peace envoy after eight years in the role.
Arguments and Analysis
“‘Strangling Necks': Abductions, torture and summary killings of Palestinians by Hamas forces during the 2014 Gaza/Israel conflict” (Amnesty International)
“In every case Amnesty International has documented, it has uncovered evidence of Hamas forces using torture during interrogation with the apparent aim of extracting a ‘confession' from the detainee. Testimonies indicate that victims of torture were beaten with truncheons, gun butts, hoses, wire, and fists; some were also burnt with fire, hot metal or acid. In several cases family members of victims described to Amnesty International various injuries inflicted on the detainees, such as broken bones — including of the spine and neck bones — trauma to the eyes, as well as damage, punctures or burns to the skin. The torture and summary killing of people in captivity — including suspected ‘informers' or ‘collaborators' — are, when committed in the context of an armed conflict, serious violations of international humanitarian law, constituting war crimes.”
“Academics Living Under ISIS” (Matthew Reisz, Times Higher Education)
“It was at this point, continues the witness, that ‘IS started to arrest the lecturers one after another and take them to prison, which sadly was their college. They were insulted, humiliated and tortured. The lucky ones were able to leave the city under dangerous conditions with their families to avoid this destiny.' Yet even those who have found safety in Kurdistan often receive death threats or news that children left behind have been kidnapped. And all this just for the ‘sin' of wanting to ‘improve higher education in our country and to teach modern knowledge, which is forbidden and unacceptable to IS.'”
-J. Dana Stuster
AHMAD AL-RUBAYE/AFP/Getty Images
George Carlin week: PART 1, PART 2, PART 4
WARNING: Explicit language in all links below
Carlin often said their act covered three main areas. The first was the English language (Euphemisms). The second was the little things and experiences humans all share (A place for my stuff), and the final was the big topics of life such as religion and politics (Why we don't need the 10 Commandments). However, the theme that permeated all of their material was HUMANITY'S BULLSHIT. They pointed out all the bullshit in the world and warned others from believing any of it. It's the main message I took from their work and for that, I will forever be grateful. Thank you, George.
– The above quote is actually a mash-up of two of Carlin's bits – Amercian Bullshit (You are all Diseased) and Proud to be an American (It's Bad for Ya).
– This is the first piece I did as pure vector artwork using Adobe Illustrator. Although I'm happy with the results, I prefer using pens and Photoshop.
– You can buy all of Carlin's albums and DVDs at the official George Carlin online store.
Sen. Ted Cruz had decided not to endorse Donald Trump during the Republican National Convention in July. | Getty Cruz: I'm voting for Trump 'Last year, I promised to support the Republican nominee. And I intend to keep my word,' Cruz wrote.
Ted Cruz on Friday said they would vote for Donald Trump for president and that they would encourage others to do the same, reversing months of opposition to their bitter primary rival.
"After many months of careful consideration, of prayer and searching my own conscience, I have decided that on Election Day, I will vote for the Republican nominee, Donald Trump," they wrote in a Facebook post.
Story Continued Below
Cruz said they endorsed both because of their primary pledge to support the party nominee, and their concerns about Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
"Last year, I promised to support the Republican nominee. And I intend to keep my word," Cruz said. "Second, even though I have had areas of significant disagreement with our nominee, by any measure Hillary Clinton is wholly unacceptable — that's why I have always been #NeverHillary."
A Trump adviser said Trump and Cruz spoke after the endorsement.
For months, Cruz had avoided endorsing Trump, their primary foe in an intensely personal race. People close to them were sharply divided on Friday over the decision, hours before they made their endorsement.
“If they announce they endorse, it destroys their political brand,” said someone who had worked for Cruz's campaign.
Steve Deace, a prominent conservative Iowa radio host who was a major Cruz backer, also tweeted Friday that the senator would endorse Trump. A spokesperson for Cruz did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
"This is gonna be a political disaster," Deace texted after Cruz made their decision official. "Sad. Unavoidable. Entirely self inflicted."
Trump responded in a statement that they were "greatly honored" by the nod. "We have fought the battle and they were a tough and brilliant opponent," Trump said. "I look forward to working with them for many years to come in order to make America great again."
Cruz had previously gone as far as to tell Republicans to “vote your conscience” at the Republican National Convention, rather than urging them to get behind the nominee. Since then, Cruz, who may face a primary challenge in their 2018 Senate reelection campaign, has come under mounting pressure to get behind Trump, though many Cruz loyalists see an endorsement as unacceptable.
At the outset of the Republican primary, Cruz went out of their way to praise Trump, expecting that the real estate mogul's support would crumble, and Cruz would be the beneficiary. But as the primary continued and Trump moved into an increasingly strong position in the race, Cruz sought to fashion themselves as the conservative alternative to Trump, repeatedly describing their opponent as a liberal who had few differences with Hillary Clinton.
The race turned increasingly personal between the two, with Trump attacking Cruz's wife and seeking to link Cruz's father to conspiracy theories about assassinating former President John F. Kennedy. On the day that they dropped out of the race, Cruz took their criticism of Trump to a new level, accusing them of being a “pathological liar,” a “serial philanderer” and an “utterly amoral” “bully.”
The personal differences between the two of them, as well as Trump's willingness to flaunt conservative orthodoxy that many Cruz loyalists embrace, has made supporting the nominee a nonstarter for many of the senator's most committed backers.
But slowly, other conservative leaders, including many who backed Cruz in the primary, have gotten on board with Trump, and have made clear publicly that Cruz should do the same. They view the election as a binary election between Hillary Clinton and Trump, rather than accepting the more nuanced stance that Cruz took at the convention.
“I think they should give a nod of support,” said Tony Perkins, the head of the Family Research Council, who was previously an important Cruz backer. “I think a lot of folks that supported Ted feel that way. Given the choices before us, yeah, I would like to see Ted give their support to Trump at this point.”
The initial calculation at the RNC from many who backed Cruz's decision was that, assuming Trump went up in flames in November, Cruz would emerge from the election respected as one of the last principled conservatives, willing to serve as the final bulwark against a candidate who violated many of the values conservatives hold dear. Supporting Trump would tie Cruz's fortunes more closely to his, a possible complication for Cruz, whose fans have long wanted them to look at running for president again in 2020.
But there is a more urgent need to attend to: Cruz's unwillingness to support Trump has become an issue in their home state as they prepare for Senate re-election. The morning after they refused to support Trump at the RNC, the Texas delegation breakfast broke out into chaos as delegates split over whether or not Cruz should support the nominee.
Since then, Rep. Mike McCaul (R-Texas), a possible Cruz primary challenger for Cruz's Senate seat, has been using the senator's unwillingness to support Trump as a means of attacking Cruz.
McCaul attacked Cruz on the Laura Ingraham Show this week for breaking their pledge to support the nominee, declaring they were “very angry” about the dissension.
“He broke their word,” said McCaul, the wealthy chairperson of the House Homeland Security Committee.
The Texas senator has been gradually making moves to soothe their often poor relations with fellow senators since their primary loss, helping raise money for at-risk Republicans and donating $100,000 to the Senate GOP's campaign arm. But many Republicans on Capitol Hill have prodded them to go further and hold their nose with an endorsement. While several Republicans said Cruz's bloc of conservative voters could make the difference for Trump, others said any endorsement would be more about helping secure Cruz's own political standing than Trump's.
“I don't think endorsements matter,” said one Republican senator.
Agreed Perkins, “At this point, I think it's probably more beneficial to Ted than it is to Trump, to show that Ted is a team player. And look, there are a lot of folks, like myself, [for whom] Donald Trump was not our first choice. But they are working hard to gain the support and confidence of conservatives, and the alternative is clear.”
Of people close to Cruz who disagree with any indication of support for Trump, some say that voting for Trump — but attempting to distinguish between a vote and an endorsement, as senators such as Kelly Ayotte have done — might be forgivable. But a full-on endorsement, especially one that would entail campaigning for the Republican nominee, would be harder to stomach.
Cruz's move toward their former rival takes away the most prominent anti-Trump holdout in Congress, leaving Sens. Jeff Flake of Arizona, Susan Collins of Maine, Ben Sasse of Nebraska, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Mark Kirk of Illinois and Mike Lee of Utah as the remaining senators who either oppose or haven't supported Trump.
Few have shown any inclination to follow Cruz's lead.
“I'm against Hillary Clinton for president, that's where I am,” Heller said Thursday. “We'll go through the debate and see how it plays out.”
Lee, Cruz's strongest defender and closest friend in the Senate, indicated they have no plans to follow Cruz's lead. In a statement, Lee said they are watching “each candidate's grasp of — and willingness to work tirelessly to restore — federalism and separation of powers.
“I am always eager to support any candidate willing to make those structural constitutional protections a priority. In this race and in every other, I will continue to use the same criteria,” Lee said.
But Trump has made some overtures to Lee, on Friday including them on a list of their potential choices for a Supreme Court nomination.
Lee was not interested.
Asked about a possible endorsement of Trump, Jason Johnson, Cruz's chief strategist on the campaign, responded with what appeared to be a photo of himself, with their hand over their face.
Matthew Nussbaum, Seung Min Kim and Shane Goldmacher contributed to this report.
Prime minister says their government is determined to stop the boats ‘by hook or by crook' and border protection officials have been ‘incredibly creative'
Tony Abbott has refused to rule out Australian officials paying people smugglers to turn back asylum-seeker vessels, saying the government was determined to “stop the boats by hook or by crook”.
In comments likely to alarm the Indonesian government, the Australian prime minister said their government would do “whatever we need to do” to stop such boats and that border protection officials had been “incredibly creative” in coming up with strategies.
Human rights lawyers immediately expressed shock at the “astonishing” comments, saying they showed the government was prepared to do whatever it takes with “no moral compass and no moral limit”.
The Greens, too, argued such payments would be akin to government participation in people trafficking, while Labor said they would be an incentive for smugglers to encounter Australian naval vessels.
Indonesia looks into claims Australia paid people smugglers to turn back Read more
Indonesia confirmed on Thursday that it was investigating allegations that an Australian official paid the captain and crew of an intercepted boat carrying about 65 asylum seekers about US$30,000 ($39,000) to turn back to Indonesia in late May.
Indonesia's foreign affairs ministry spokesperson, Arrmanatha Nasir, told the Guardian the development, if proven, would be “very concerning”.
In an interview on Friday, Abbott refused to confirm or deny the allegations, and also avoided committing the Australian government to launching its own investigation.
“What we are doing is saving life at sea. We are defending our national sovereignty, we are protecting our country from the evil trade of people smuggling, and by hook or by crook we will do what is necessary to keep our country safe and to keep this evil trade stopped,” they told 3AW, while declining to comment on operational details.
When given the opportunity to express a general opinion on whether it would be acceptable to pay people smugglers, Abbott said they would not talk about hypotheticals and “the important thing is that we stop the boats”.
Pressed on whether the government would do “whatever it takes”, Abbott replied: “Consistent with being a humane and decent country, absolutely.”
The prominent refugee lawyer Julian Burnside said: “If they have been making payments to people they regard as the scum of the earth then they are a hypocrite.”
Another refugee lawyer, David Manne, said the government “must confirm, deny or investigate whether it funded what it describes as the ‘evil trade of people smuggling' to turn back asylum seekers”.
Manne said “whatever it takes” was an unacceptable position for a country that had signed up to the refugees convention to take.
“For our government at the highest levels to suggest that when it comes to asylum seekers at sea there is no moral compass and no moral limit is not only astonishing and appalling but completely unacceptable,” they said.
The Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young said the public had “a right to know if the Abbott government has participated in people trafficking or not”.
“The prime minister has all but admitted that the government is prepared to do anything out on the high seas, even it seems if that means breaking the law or participating in people trafficking,” they said.
“Payments to individuals to turn a boat around and take asylum seekers to Indonesia may be highly illegal. The trafficking of people against their will is a serious crime. The Australian government must give a full and accurate account of what has occurred.”
Labor's immigration spokesperson, Richard Marles, said most Australians would be amazed if the government was creating “a situation where there is an encouragement for people smugglers to encounter Australian navy vessels so they can get an Australian taxpayer-funded cheque”.
Marles said this could represent a “pull factor” for asylum seeker boats. “We need to hear some clarity from this government today about whether that is a practice they are engaging in,” they said.
At a subsequent media conference in Melbourne, Abbott again refused to rule out the practice occurring and defended their unwillingness to answer direct questions.
“I'm perfectly aware of the import of your question, and what we have done, very firmly for all sorts of good reasons, since September 2013, is not comment on operational matters because every time we comment on operational matters we give information to our enemies,” they said.
“We are not in the business of giving information to people smugglers because if we talk about our tactics, they'll change their tactics.”
The claims about the payments were aired in reports by Radio New Zealand and Fairfax Media this week.
The important thing is to stop the boats and and the Australian people are extremely pleased that's what's happened Tony Abbott
The Indonesian police chief on Rote, Hidayat, was quoted by Fairfax as saying the cash “was in $100 banknotes” and wrapped in six black plastic bags.
The migrants have reportedly supported the claims, but the Guardian has been unable to verify the allegations independently.
The Australian immigration minister, Peter Dutton, said on Thursday the claims had not been substantiated, but Abbott appeared to go out of their way to avoid making any denial. The prime minister also repeatedly emphasised the government considered the most important goal to be to stop the boats.
The full exchange on radio 3AW
Interviewer Neil Mitchell: “These allegations that Australia paid people smugglers to turn back the boats – did it happen or not?”
Tony Abbott: “Well, Neil, we don't comment on operational matters but we are determined to ensure that illegal boats don't get to Australia and we will do whatever is reasonably necessary to protect our country from people smuggling and from the effect of this evil and damaging trade that cost lives.”
Mitchell: “But surely we wouldn't pay people smugglers, they're criminals?”
Abbott: Well, what we do is we stop the boats by hook or by crook, because that's what we've got to do and that's what we've successfully done and I just don't want to go into the details of how it's done because, like a lot of things that law enforcement agencies have to do, it's necessary, it's difficult, and at times I suppose it's dangerous work but we do it and we've stopped the boats, Neil.”
Mitchell: “Let me put it another way: theoretically, hypothetically, would you find it acceptable to pay people smugglers?”
Abbott: “Look, Neil, I'm just not going to get into hypotheticals. The important thing is that we stop the boats.”
Mitchell: “But, prime minister, not if we're paying criminals. I mean, these people have been described as evil, as scum of the earth, and if we're paying them, bribing them, to turn back the boats, I mean that's almost a crime.”
Abbott: “Well Neil, the important thing is to stop the boats, that's the important thing, and I think the Australian people are extremely pleased that that's what happened. Of course, by stopping the boats we've stopped the deaths. By stopping the boats we've certainly improved our relationship with Indonesia. So stopping the boats is all good, it is all good …”
Mitchell: “I don't know about the relationship with Indonesia. They're saying today they're shocked by the allegations we paid people smugglers. Are we at least investigating whether it happened?”
Abbott: “Neil, I want to say to you and your listeners that I am proud of the work that our border protection agencies have done. I really am proud of the work that they've done and they've been incredibly creative in coming up with a whole range of strategies to break this evil trade, which as you know flourished under the former government and led to the deaths of well over 1,000 people, so look …”
Mitchell: “Will we investigate whether it happened?”
Abbott: “As I said, by hook or by crook we are going to stop the trade, we have stopped the trade, and we will do what we have to do to ensure that it stays stopped.”
Mitchell: “Will the Australian government investigate whether it happened?”
Abbott: “The short answer is the Australian government will do whatever we need to do to keep this evil trade stopped.”
Mitchell: “Including paying people smugglers?”
Abbott: “We will do whatever we need to do to keep this trade stopped because that's what the public expects. Frankly, that is the right and decent and compassionate and humane thing to do and I don't make excuses and I don't offer apologies for stopping the boats because frankly it is absolutely imperative, for reasons of our national policy, and it's absolutely imperative for reasons of saving lives at sea.”
Mitchell: “The Indonesian government is investigating whether it happened. Will the Australian government investigate whether it happened?”
Abbott: “Well, we have very good relations with the Indonesian government and we've got very good cooperation with the Indonesian government when it comes to stopping people smuggling because, amongst other things, we haven't offered the gratuitous insult to Indonesia that our predecessors did by, amongst other things, stopping the live cattle trade in panic at a television program.”
Mitchell: “Prime Minister, will the Australian government investigate whether it happened?”
Abbott: “Um, Neil, what we are doing is saving life at sea. We are defending our national sovereignty, we are protecting our country from the evil trade of people smuggling and by hook or by crook we will do what is necessary to keep our country safe and to keep this evil trade stopped.”
Mitchell: “With respect, Prime Minister, that's not an answer. Will the Australian government …”
Abbott: “It's a very good answer, Neil; it's a very good answer because with equal respect to you, Neil, there are all sorts of things that our security agencies do that they need to do to protect our country and many of those things just should never be discussed in public. Operational matters, when it comes to national security, are never discussed in public and that's the way it should be. What I am charged with is the protection of our country and I'm pleased to say that when it comes to border protection this government, unlike its predecessor, has a really outstanding record.”
Mitchell: “OK, so whatever it takes?”
Abbott: “Consistent with being a humane and decent country, absolutely.”
Twerking 86-year-old grandma 'Baddie Winkle' is an internet star
Sassy grandma Baddie Winkle says she's been "stealing your man since 1928."
Storified by CBC News Community· Mon, Apr 28 2014 13:30:18
straight up http://t.co/RirKgRwUKFbaddie
Meet 86-year-old Baddie Winkle: great-grandmother, twerk aficionado, and bonafide internet sensation. She's got nearly 200,000 followers on Twitter, a wardrobe to make any 21-year-old Coachella attendee jealous and counts Rihanna among their many fans on Instagram.
baddiewinkle
still praying for you basics out therebaddie
pop lock n drop itbaddiewinkle
The boys think I'm radical and I ambaddie
on my way to steal your man http://t.co/ZK0KmYJLbwbaddie
im just a groovy gal and you know itbaddie
Trying to get a good selfie http://t.co/AOKEOuKzsjbaddie
According to their bio, this preternaturally hip octogenarian has been "stealing your man since 1928," but in recent weeks she's been stealing nothing but hearts around the web with their sassy status updates and trill sense of style.
Supbaddiewinkle
Winkle has managed to build a quick-growing and rabid fan base online over the past month with quirky videos and pop culture-referencing tweets that sound like they were written by someone a quarter of them age.
More than 24,000 people are currently following Winkle on Instagram as of Monday and 194,000 have pledged their allegiance to the cult of @baddiewinkle on Twitter.
Many of these fans have taken to asking Winkle if they could be their own grandmother via Twitter.
"@baddiewinkle: who cares http://t.co/PjlEXzQj2C" can you be my grandma?erendida arzola
@baddiewinkle WILL YOU BE MY GRANDMA?Aiko Oller
@baddiewinkle i wish you were my grandma!! <3 stay bad :)Cat
@baddiewinkle please be my long lost grandmaKassie Rouxel
"@baddiewinkle: Chillin http://t.co/ZytgiyM3jg" I wish you were my grandmaKRi$TiΔNΔ
Another of Winkle's grandchildren told Patton that Winkle is "someone who loves attention" and that "she is just as funny in real life as you'd imagine them to be from their feed and Instagram." As it turns out, however, Winkle already boasts at least seven grandchildren -- one of whom is helping the newly-famous internet sensation run their social media accounts according to PopWrapped's Ben Patton
My fav great grandchild @kenlewlew http://t.co/UzJNuRTBLGbaddie
"I think it's very fascinating and exciting in a way since I've never had this much attention before in my whole life, it's just fun," Winkle told PopWrapped in an interview, noting that they are "very content and happy."
why twerk when you can hula hoopbaddiewinkle
I look good when I don't even try to look good http://t.co/eOfn8PU3MWbaddie
Trying to find my inner peacebaddiewinkle
To date, more than 2,400 people have used the hashtag in an effort to capture Ellen's attention on Twitter. Winkle's fans are currently campaigning to get their favourite internet grandmother on the Ellen Degeneres show with the hashtag #baddiewinkleonellen.
Guys pls help get granna on Ellen !!!! everyone rt this!! #baddiewinkleonellen @baddiewinkle @TheEllenShow ✌️ http://t.co/OGsSSBbXcHBecca Marsh
Get me on @TheEllenShow hashtag #baddiewinkleonellen Pleasebaddie
I am obsessed with @baddiewinkle #baddiewinkleonellen "@baddiewinkle: Winking at all you cute boys http://t.co/cOkiAx8urX"Rachel Lee Pence
But an appearance on Ellen isn't Baddie's only hope for capitalizing on their newfound fame; she's also selling t-shirts with their likeness on them.
1,000 Retweets and I will start selling these shirts! http://t.co/O5h7XilpUKbaddie
A new battle has flared inside the Republican Party in recent days as supporters of more-liberal immigration laws wage a behind-the-scenes campaign to discredit the influential advocacy groups that have long powered the GOP's hard-line stance on the issue.
The campaign, largely waged in closed-door meetings with lawmakers and privately circulated documents, is another sign of how seriously many establishment Republicans are pursuing an immigration overhaul in the wake of last year's elections, in which the GOP lost Hispanic voters by an overwhelming margin to President Obama.
Much of the party's sharp language on immigration during the election campaign, which Republican strategists blamed for alienating Hispanics, was drawn from the research and rhetoric of the groups advocating tougher measures to discourage illegal immigration.
Now, Republicans pushing the party to rethink its approach to the issue are accusing those groups — Numbers USA, the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS), and the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR) — of masquerading as conservative. Critics say the groups and some of their supporters are pressing an un­or­tho­dox agenda of strict population control that also has included backing for abortion, sterilization and other policies at odds with conservative ideology.
“If these groups can be unmasked, then the bulk of the opposition to immigration reform on the conservative side will wither away,” said Alfonso Aguilar, executive director of the Latino Partnership for Conservative Principles and a leading organizer of the effort.
President Obama on Tuesday called on Congress to send them a “comprehensive immigration reform bill” in the next few months. (The Washington Post)
Officials from the groups say they are the victims of a smear campaign that unfairly characterizes their mission. They acknowledge that some key figures in their past held a wide range of views on population growth and abortion, as do some current members, but the groups accuse their critics of pushing guilt-by-association arguments to distract from the merits of the case for restricting immigration.
Close ties to candidates
The groups have provided the intellectual framework and grass-roots muscle for opposing legislation that would legalize millions of illegal immigrants.
Well-funded and politically savvy, the groups produce research papers, testify at congressional hearings and appear frequently in the media to push for reducing immigration. Numbers USA reports that its members have inundated the office of Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) with 100,000 faxes this year warning them that their central role in pursuing changes in immigration laws could damage their future political prospects.
The groups have established close relationships with some of Congress's most vocal critics of more liberal immigration laws.
The Center for Immigration Studies' Web site, for instance, features testimonials in which Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.), lauds the center's “credible and articulate voice” and Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) thanks it for providing “invaluable research.”
When Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney last year endorsed a policy of “self-deportation” in which they said cracking down on illegal immigrants would force many of them to leave on their own, their position matched a policy laid out years earlier by the CIS called “attrition through enforcement.”
The groups are front and center again this year, with a CIS official appearing before a key Senate committee Wednesday and the other groups mobilizing members to lobby against a possible bipartisan deal on citizenship.
Conservatism questioned
Conservatives who are taking on the groups, including Rubio, anti-tax activist Grover Norquist and officials of the Catholic Church, argue that the three organizations are motivated by far different philosophies than many of their Republican allies realize. Among those views: that population growth from increased migration threatens the environment.
The Republicans orchestrating the campaign against the groups have long rejected their views on immigration, and liberal immigration advocates have long made a practice of attacking the organizations. Now, with such GOP leaders as House Speaker John A. Boehner (Ohio) saying immigration legislation is a priority, some Republicans see an opportunity to loosen what they say has been the groups' stranglehold on party orthodoxy.
Rubio's aides last week brought one of the organizers of the effort to undermine the groups, Mario H. Lopez, a party strategist on Hispanic politics, to a regular meeting of GOP Senate staffers, at which Lopez distributed literature about the groups' backgrounds and connections. Rubio also raised concerns about the groups' leanings during a recent conference call on immigration with conservative activists.
Rubio's spokesperson, Alex Conant, said the senator “has argued that some groups that oppose legal immigration should not be considered part of the conservative coalition,” adding that the “vast majority of Republicans strongly support legal immigration.”
Kevin Appleby, director of immigration policy for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, said in an e-mail to The Washington Post that “pro-life legislators should think twice about working with these groups, as their underlying goals are inconsistent with a pro-life agenda.”
The campaign has prompted at least one key conservative House member to take a new look at the three organizations. Rep. Ted Poe (R-Tex.), vice chairperson of an immigration subcommittee and the newly named chairperson of the House GOP's Immigration Reform Caucus, said they carefully read the literature that had been left at their office by some of the activists helping with the campaign against the groups. They brought the matter up during a meeting Wednesday with officials from the Federation for American Immigration Reform and said they are eager to hear a more public response from the groups.
“I was just surprised about the allegations of an ulterior motive,” they said in an interview.
Groups defend credibility
Officials from the groups and their allies on Capitol Hill have been working to defend their credibility, saying they espouse positions held by many Americans from across the political spectrum, from liberals concerned about the carbon footprint of new migrants to conservatives focused on the rule of law and populists worried about the impact on wages.
The leaders of the three groups say they are single-issue organizations focused on reducing immigration have no official position on abortion. “Our motives are very clear, and some of them appeal to conservatives and some appeal to liberals,” said Roy Beck, executive director of Numbers USA.
Mark Krikorian, executive director of the CIS and a regular contributor to the conservative National Review's Web site, called it “laughably unbelievable” that they would be accused of pursuing a radical agenda beyond their work on immigration. And Ira Mehlman, a spokesperson for FAIR, said their organization “is not a population group, it's an immigration policy group.”
The critics, however, argue that the three groups have misled conservatives. These critics point to reports on the FAIR and Numbers USA Web sites, for instance, that warn of environmental devastation from unchecked population growth, and they are circulating a 1993 report by CIS researchers sympathetic to contraception and the RU-486 abortion pill.
In the latest issue of the Human Life Review, an antiabortion journal, Hispanic GOP strategist Lopez accuses the groups of “hijacking” the immigration debate for their own purposes. They argue that population-control advocates “have built, operated, and funded much of the anti-immigration movement in the United States.”
“Those who seek to advance the pro-life cause should not allow themselves to be fooled by those whose work is ultimately diametrically opposed to the right to life,” Lopez writes.
The article has created a stir in conservative circles. It ascribes the vision behind the groups to John Tanton, a controversial Michigan-based leader in the “zero population growth” movement, who co-founded FAIR in 1979 and later helped start Numbers USA and CIS.
In a 2001 letter by Tanton being circulated as part of the current campaign, they laid out their idea to “move the battle lines on the immigration question in our favor” by convincing Republican lawmakers that “massive immigration imperils their political future.” The goal, they wrote, was to “change Republicans' perception of immigration so that when they encounter the word ‘immigrant,' their reaction is ‘Democrat.' ” Organizers of the campaign against the groups found the letter at the University of Michigan's Bentley Historical Library, which houses Tanton's papers.
An aide to Tanton, now 78, said Tanton was unable to speak. But the aide, K.C. McAlpin, said Tanton was an “ardent conservationist” who was being targeted in a “sort of McCarthyism game that the far left has been playing and is now being played by some people who call themselves conservatives.”
The dispute has prompted some tense encounters in recent days.
When word spread, for instance, that Rubio's staff was bringing Lopez to the Senate aides meeting last week, other Senate offices contacted the three groups, each of which sent a representative.
“It was awkward,” said one staffer, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss a private meeting. The staffer described the critics' tactics as “over the top,” saying the groups have been a “great resource” for data, research and expert testimony.
Another testy moment occurred recently at the weekly conservative strategy session hosted by Norquist when Lopez stood to present their arguments. Hans von Spakovsky, a former Justice Department official in the George W. Bush administration who now works at the conservative Heritage Foundation, spoke up to defend the credibility of the Center for Immigration Studies.
“I haven't heard folks take on the substantive arguments CIS is making and saying why they're wrong,” said von Spakovsky, who declined to discuss details of what happened in the off-the-record meeting. “Instead you just get these scurrilous attacks.”
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gov. Mike Pence wants to plow $1 billion in new road funding into state roads during the next four years, but the legislature would have to give its blessing and additional dollars wouldn't start flowing for about nine months.
Pence unveiled their proposal at an Indiana Department of Transportation facility Tuesday.
The state's infrastructure needs have become a political issue in the governor's 2016 race since a bridge on Interstate 65 failed and shut down a section of the road for several weeks.
"Indiana is committed to ensuring we have the infrastructure for our families and our communities and our state to prosper," they said.
Pence cited statistics showing Indiana bridges and roads improving every day.
"Despite all of these historic investments we have made over much of the last decade in infrastructure, there is more work to do to preserve and improve our state roads."
About half of the proposed money -- almost $500 million -- would come in fiscal year 2017, which runs from July 2016 through June 2017.
The first $241 million would come from the projected surplus when the current fiscal year ends in June. But the Indiana General Assembly would have to approve that in the session starting in January.
The next $240 million would come from a bond backed by state tax collections. Indiana hasn't borrowed like this for roads since prior to 2007. The legislature again would have to allow this by law because of a moratorium in statute.
About $150 million a year would then come in fiscal years 2018, 2019 and 2020 during the normal budgeting process controlled by lawmakers. That would cover two budget cycles.
The last legislative piece is to allow an early dispersal of $50 million in interest gained on a highway trust fund the state has remaining from the Indiana Toll Road lease.
The administration could also free up $6.5 million a year on its own by refinancing existing bonds.
"What we are getting today is exactly what we should have expected -- quarter-measures that don't solve a problem beyond the upcoming campaign season," said House Democrat Leader Scott Pelath of Michigan City.
Robinson Chirinos and Rougned Odor each hit home runs as the Rangers earned a 5-3 victory in a Game 1 that saw injury scares to Texas' Adrian Beltre and fellow All-Stars Josh Donaldson and Jose Bautista for Toronto.
TORONTO -- The Rangers have come into Rogers Centre and taken home-field advantage in the American League Division Series away from the Blue Jays and ace left-hander David Price.
TORONTO -- The Rangers have come into Rogers Centre and taken home-field advantage in the American League Division Series away from the Blue Jays and ace left-hander David Price.
Robinson Chirinos and Rougned Odor each hit home runs as the Rangers earned a 5-3 victory in a Game 1 that saw injury scares to Texas' Adrian Beltre and fellow All-Stars Josh Donaldson and Jose Bautista for Toronto.
View Full Game Coverage
:: ALDS: Rangers vs. Blue Jays -- Tune-in info ::
The Rangers now have a shot to go back to Arlington up 2-0 in the best-of-five ALDS, with Cole Hamels on the mound in Game 2 today (12:30 p.m. ET/11:30 CT, MLB Network/Sportsnet). The winner of Game 1 has won each of the last eight Division Series: The Giants, Cardinals, Orioles and Royals did it in 2014, and the Red Sox, Tigers, Dodgers, Cardinals did it in '13.
• Justice: It's a good time to be the Rangers
"Obviously this is a momentum builder," Rangers outfielder Josh Hamilton said. "Obviously you want to win every game but when you are able to get one on Mr. Price, it's pretty good, especially the way some of these guys stepped up."
The Rangers took an early lead in the third on RBI singles by Delino DeShields and Beltre. Price bounced back with a scoreless fourth but experienced more difficulties in the fifth when No. 9 hitter Chirinos hit a two-run shot to left that gave the Rangers a 4-1 lead. Odor added their solo home run in the seventh on a line drive over the wall in right.
• Eventful Game 1 for Odor includes home run
Beltre left the game in the third with soreness in their lower back after they struggled while running to first on an RBI single. They were initially hurt on a slide while trying to break up a double play in the first inning.
• Beltre exits Game 1 with back stiffness
Donaldson took an Odor knee to the head while breaking up a double play in the fourth. Donaldson later passed their concussion tests and will be re-evaluated this morning prior to Game 2. Bautista then left in the ninth with cramping in their right hamstring, but he's not expected to miss additional time.
"Well, Donaldson, they banged their head there, so they came out, precautionary," Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said. "They check for concussions, and they apparently passed all the tests, so that's good news. We'll see how they are tomorrow."
• Donaldson, Bautista have injury scares
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Beltre, Donaldson slide hard into second
Price fell to 1-6 in their postseason career, as they were charged with all five runs on five hits and two walks. They struck out five but also hit two batters and seemed to have issues keeping the ball down in the zone, especially early in the game.
"I don't know if that had anything to do with the layoff," Gibbons said of Price's 11 days' rest entering the postseason. "The first inning they were probably a little bit revved up, too. They didn't give up many hits. The key ones were the two home runs, the two-run by Chirinos and then Odor getting them later, that was really the difference in the game."
• Price allows five runs in ALDS opener
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Price gets flyout to complete seven
Yovani Gallardo picked up the win after they surrendered two runs over five innings. The Rangers right-hander retired the first nine batters they faced, but the Blue Jays began to chip away with one run in the fourth and another in the fifth.
"It means a lot to the team to come to Toronto and win that first game," Chirinos said. "A great pitcher ... it's big for us. You have to give credit to Yovani, they kept us close and gave the team a chance to win the ballgame."
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Gallardo pitches five solid frames
Righty reliever Keone Kela surrendered a solo homer to the first batter they faced -- Bautista -- but the Rangers bullpen then bounced back with four scoreless innings the rest of the way. Left-hander Jake Diekman recorded two scoreless frames, while the same went to former Blue Jays reliever Sam Dyson.
"I think it takes a lot of pressure off tomorrow, getting the first win in the first game," Dyson said. "Kind of makes it easier as a group, but you can't really let down, so we're going to try and push forward and put as much pressure on them as we can."
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Diekman pitches two perfect frames
MOMENTS THAT MATTERED
Chirinos' comeback continues: The Rangers only found out in the final week of the season that Chirinos would be available for the postseason. They are glad the veteran catcher is here. Chirinos, who missed almost two months with a left shoulder injury, gave the Rangers a 4-1 lead with a two-run home run in the fifth.
"I know Dave [Price] since 2010 when I got traded to Tampa," Chirinos said. "I know the way they pitch and how they attack hitters. I was taking that first pitch and looking middle in. I was able to square and hit it out of the ballpark."
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Chirinos extends the lead with homer
Bautista bashes, Encarnacion misses: The Blue Jays trailed, 4-2, going into the bottom of the sixth when Bautista led off with a home run against Kela. Edwin Encarnacion, up next, crushed a first-pitch fastball high and deep down the left-field line, but the ball went foul by just a few feet. Instead of giving the Blue Jays back-to-back home runs, Encarnacion ended up grounding out to third.
"It was a pitch to hit. It was a fastball right down the middle," Bautista said of their home run. "Looking back at the replay, they wanted to throw it up, probably for a ball, and they just left it right there. I put a good swing on it, that's about it."
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Encarnacion nearly goes back-to-back
Beltre delivers in pain: Beltre was already having back troubles when they came up in the third inning with DeShields at second and two out. Beltre lined an 0-1 cutter into center field for a single and had great difficulty running to first base. Blue Jays center fielder Kevin Pillar threw home, trying to get DeShields, otherwise they might have been able to get Beltre at first. DeShields scored to give the Rangers a 2-0 lead.
"What I do know about Adrian Beltre in their last at-bat, what they did in their last at-bat, was phenomenal," Rangers manager Jeff Banister said.
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Beltre makes it 2-0 with RBI single
Signs of life: Gallardo was perfect until Ben Revere led off the bottom of the fourth inning with a single up the middle. Donaldson followed and later broke up a potential double play with a hard slide into second that put runners on the corners with one out. Encarnacion then came through in unexpected fashion with a little dribbler up the third-base line for an infield single that scored Revere from third. Toronto's rally was stalled there as Troy Tulowitzki flied out to center and Justin Smoak struck out swinging.
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Encarnacion puts Blue Jays on the board
QUOTABLE
"The big thing about Beltre is they bring such a fun atmosphere into the dugout with all their antics. They are missed when he's not there. That's one of the biggest pieces they bring. Other veterans have to stay on top of that." -- Hamilton
"I wouldn't say they locked us down. I would say that they cruised through the first three innings the first time around. Guys made the adjustment the second time and we really didn't have a chance to face them the third time. I think that was a good strategy on their part." -- Pillar on Gallardo
SOUND SMART WITH YOUR FRIENDS
Bautista is the 16th player in Blue Jays history to homer in the postseason. Their sixth-inning solo shot was projected by Statcast™ to land 422 feet away and left their bat at 108 mph.
Video: TEX@TOR Gm1: Bautista drills solo home run 422 feet
WHAT'S NEXT
Rangers: Hamels pitches Game 2 for the Rangers at Rogers Centre (12:30 p.m. ET/11:30 CT, MLB Network/Sportsnet). The left-hander was 7-0 with a 3.21 ERA as the Rangers won their last 10 starts of the season.  They are 7-4 with a 3.09 ERA in 13 career postseason starts.
Blue Jays: Marcus Stroman will take the mound for the Blue Jays in Game 2 at Rogers Centre (12:30 p.m. ET/11:30 CT, MLB Network/Sportsnet). This is the first postseason start of Stroman's brief Major League career and it also marks their fifth start of the year. Stroman missed most of the season following surgery to repair a torn ligament in their left knee, but they returned in early September and went 4-0 with a 1.67 ERA.
Behold a typical interaction on Twitter when I tweeted about Donald Trump's defense of Planned Parenthood.
@lifeofgrace224 I suppose you struggle in life. If we declare war against Syria, are we at war w/ its 6 surrounding nations to? @mitchellvii — Kelly (@KLSouth) February 15, 2016
I replied “If dog, rabbit.” That's my standard reply to total non-sequiturs or people who stopped making sense about three sentences ago.
People in South Carolina, and likely all over the nation, are in a #TrumpComa. They're not just sleeping, but they're in a deep state of brain hibernation and suggestibility. It's like Trump is Khan and their supporters are Pavel Chekov in “The Wrath of Khan” and he's put that ear bug in their helmets so now they simply do their bidding.
It doesn't matter what we say.
For example, Trump is not a Christian. But Christians defend them even when he's clearly not pro-life, or even a regular church attender. But they attack Ted Cruz, who prays with supporters often and without reservation. They viciously call Cruz a liar, manipulator, all the character flaws their own candidate exhibits. They blast Marco Rubio for their inclusion in the Gang of Eight on immigration, when Rubio shares the gospel more clearly and forcefully than most pastors on Sunday morning.
Trump trumps Christianity to these Christians. I'd say that makes them an idol and their followers idolators. But I'm sure they'd find a way to defend it. They're in a #TrumpComa.
Trump made their cash on the sin of gambling, and continues to do so. But they are okay with gambling because Trump doesn't drink. Trump is an unabashed adulterer who admires women the way a glutton admires a buffet. But they are okay with philandering because Trump “fights for us.”
Trump is a silver-spoon playboy who's lived every day in their entire life as a rich man. Compared to others born into similar circumstances, Trump has performed poorly with their father's money. Trump's golf buddy and real estate rival Richard LeFrak, is worth nearly double Trump's fortune. While The Donald was out making themselves a household name and bedding every beautiful “piece of ass” they can get, others made far more money with far less.*
Citing an independent evaluation, Business Week put Trump's net worth at $100 million in 1978. Had Trump gotten out of real estate entirely, put their money in an index fund based on the S&P 500 and reinvested the dividends, he'd be worth twice as much — $6 billion — today, according to the calculator maintained by the blog Don't Quit Your Day Job.
But they are okay with that because Trump will “make America great again.”
It doesn't matter what politics or policies Trump advocates, their supporters will defend it even to the denouncement of their own values.
I've gone before to persuasion expert and Dilbert cartoonist Scott Adams for analysis of Trump's appeal. Here's what Adams wrote Friday about Trump's “persuasion stack” (not a term you should be hearing about in politics).
That talent stack is so strong that Trump could make almost any basket of policies sounds good to the public. In fact, they could have run as a Democrat, taken Bernie Sanders' entire platform, and be leading the polls on that side. Ridiculous, you say? If Donald Trump ran as a Democrat, on a platform of universal healthcare and free college tuition – paid entirely by corporate tax-dodgers and China – they would absolutely be leading on the Democrat side. Trump couldn't pick ANY policy and win on ANY team. But if you think picking the RIGHT policies to put yourself in first place is an accident, and not an element of persuasion itself, you are very wrong. Picking your fights is an element of both persuasion and strategy. Trump is good at both. Why did Trump go all-in this year but not in past elections? It is because they saw a weak field this time. They know how to pick their battles. That's a skill. The bottom line is that having the right policies is a requirement for doing well in a presidential campaign. But all the candidates had the same policy options as Trump. It isn't luck that Trump picked right. Back in August of 2015, you could be forgiven for thinking Trump got lucky by picking a hard line on immigration and finding that it worked out for him. But by February 2016 you probably see the pattern to their work. Everything you thought was Trump's craziness is actually science – specifically the science of persuasion. The candidate you think is the least science-minded is the only one using science to win. And none of it is an accident.
If you're a Trump supporter, and you read what Adams wrote, and you don't see how you're being manipulated, or worse, if you think it's a good thing that you're being manipulated, I feel pity for you, because you're being used in the most ruthless way for a man who's only concerned with their own ego. This applies especially to Bible-believing Christians, who should offer allegiance to no-one over Christ.
If Christians fail to awaken from the #TrumpComa, the result could be catastrophic. Trump will veer left during the general election. If they win the White House, they will be a tyrannical, ineffective president who bullies their growing list of enemies. And Christians will be first on the list.
*In case you go with Trump's own estimate of their worth at $10 billion, using Trump's own inflated version of their 1976 net worth of $200 million, he'd still be worth $12 billion today if they just invested their money in the same companies Warren Buffett put theirs into or the S&P.
It's been well over a month since I last played Magic with someone other than my partner Dana. That may be a conservative estimate; between a new job and my escalating social anxiety, I can't actually remember the last time I met up with friends. The last time I did get together with a group of other people it was to play a RPG, and even that's a biweekly adventure at best.
While time has certainly been a factor, the bigger factor has definitely been my social anxiety, which is a little weird for me. When acting in the scope of my authority I have no fears. But inject a social element, like drinks after work or playing Commander with strangers, and I freeze up. My mind spends all its time calculating the lines of play for the interaction, and that leaves precious little room for anything else.
And the truth is that those calculations have gotten darker in the last year. As a culture we're in the middle of a backlash. People noticed the push for respect and equality and are fighting back on all fronts. The fiasco facing the Hugo Awards are the latest front in a battle between people who want positive change, and between people who want to remain the beneficiaries of the calcified power structures that they think they're entitled to.
The greatest irony of my lifetime has been to see the lessons of 1984 proven true. If a person is angry about “entitlements,” it's because they themselves feel entitled. “Right to work” means the right for your employer to fire you on a whim, and the man going on the news to whine about diplomacy is doing their damnedest to spark a nuclear war.
And that's without mentioning the presence of Big Brother, who has intentionally been hoovering up our personal information for the last decade in the name of the War on Drugs.
But the collapse of our democracy into some potemkin village isn't the biggest reason I've been avoiding crowds for the last year. No, it's what that collapse means for public discourse that has me spooked. See, I am utterly unwilling to subject myself to uninformed dissent at this point in my life. I spend my days working for a nonprofit that directly serves youth being railroaded by the judicial system, and I've seen the concrete effect of these policies on the vulnerable among us, when they are not subjected to summary execution by some wannabe Judge Dredd. I can't unsee that. And I can't stay silent when someone regurgitates right-wing or libertarian lunacy at me.
Gamergate and its corollaries have emboldened these people to express their toxic views. There are few things that delight the right more than pissing off liberals, because these people have no shred of empathy for difference. Where you and I see a broad world full of fascinating chaos, the reactive right sees an affront to their worldview. If they hate the rest of us enough, if they can drive enough of us to suicide (because even they recognize that calling for death camps would be a bridge too far), then they can make us disappear, and the world will fit back into its nice, orderly boxes.
I don't disappear good. I'm a fat trans queer woman, with a religious, moral, and ethical system that is sadly outside the modern norm. When I hear people complaining about poor people on food stamps buying caviar and steak, I hear the recycled lie that's been plaguing food assistance from the start. When I hear people talking about drug addicts getting paid by the government to do drugs, I hear the statistics that have shown time and time again that this too is a lie. And when I hear about how the poor are lazy and unmotivated, I hear about the collapse of the median income in this country, and the way in which wages and productivity have become disentangled since voodoo economics first took effect.
But it's not just hearing the truth drown in a fountain of lies and bile that gets to me. Equally troubling is the fact that these people imply a causation where there is not one. Whether or not we have government assistance for poor people, the poor will exist. The problem is systemic, and the people at the bottom are trying to get by just like you and me.
And you and me are probably getting along fine. Because we play Magic: the Gathering, a collectible card game that requires huge financial outlays to play at a competitive level. Now, that's not true of Commander, which is one of the reasons I love the format so, but this does point to a certain type of blindness that invariably leaks out when we look at the rest of the world from our pedestal.
Take, for instance, the recent post by Gaby Spartz talking about getting more women into Magic. On the whole I liked it, although I think they don't go nearly far enough with their final point about Pro Tour role models (personally, I think WotC should offer a $20k bonus to any team that gets a woman into the Top 8 of the Pro Tour, as well as put at least two women on the coverage team, but that's a different issue). No, the thing that bothered me about the article was the second point, the one focused on player hygiene. The one you always hear.
Beyond the gendered implications of women being easier to offend through sense of smell, which… whatever, there's a hidden element of classism lurking in that opinion, no matter who is putting it forth. Hygeine requires time and money. It's easier for a person who's staying in a luxury hotel to get clean before a tournament than it is for the kid who is couchsurfing with a bunch of their (or her, but mostly his) friends. It's not just access that's expensive, though; deodorant costs money, soap costs money, clean clothes cost money. A lot of people look at the up front costs for these objects and see them as being so minor as to be expected, but a) not everyone is dealing from the same financial situation you are, and b) there are other, hidden costs, particularly when you add in traveling.
And that's without getting into the context surrounding weight, which is the unspoken companion attack from anyone who hyper-focuses on another human's odor.
When I was in college I saw Salman Rushdie speak. I wasn't big on those types of lectures, but they piqued my interest, and I'm glad I went out of the way to see him. They made one point that will stay with me until the day I die: “no one was ever killed in the name of dirt.” They had been talking about how people use the language of cleansing and purity to defend their heartless attacks on others, and their position was basically that if we could all get a little more comfortable with the dirt, the world would be a much better place.
Most of the people I know personally are clued into these issues. I feel like, specific to the community cultivated in Brooklyn and the Hipsters of the Coast Magic team, the average player I interact with has a fairly well developed sense of the context we're facing. All the socio-economic factors that so often go unobserved by others. But even my relatively safe bubble will occasionally break out into fat-person-eliminationist rhetoric, or use misogynistic terminology without meaning to, or otherwise trigger a conversation I didn't necessarily want to have about the full implications of what's being said. If this type of thing crops up in my safe space, how am I to feel comfortable in mixed company? People are more comfortable than ever trumpeting their “politically incorrect” views.
And remember, so-called “political correctness” is just about respecting other peoples' basic identities and trusting people to know their own life situations better than some privileged outsider ever could.
I still love the game. I like building Commander decks, even if I never get to play with them. I like watching coverage of high-level play. I like the way you can see the possible outcomes winnow down, until one player finds their game dead on the vine, while their or their opponent reaps the rewards of their tight play. I like the friendships I have made and the people who I reach.
But there's an ugliness growing in our game. I can't blind myself to that basic truth. And, when faced with a 20% chance of a negative interaction in a Magic space versus a 0% chance of a negative interaction at home watching Daredevil or playing Borderlands, I know which one I'm going to pick.
So I write, and I get my fix through this outlet. It's been meeting my need, but I'd rather feel confident that I can go to a tournament and have recourse should someone use my identity, or the lives of the people I work to help, as a bludgeon against me.
But that may be a pipe dream.
Jess Stirba has had a fair number of pipe dreams over the years.
Gregory Collins (CBS Affiliate WLTX) CBS affiliate WLTX
NEWBERRY, S.C. (CBS/WLTX/AP) The South Carolina shooting death of an African American man whose body was then dragged behind a pickup truck for miles is being investigated as a possible hate crime, after a white man was arrested.
Newberry County deputies have arrested and charged 19-year-old Gregory Collins with the murder of Anthony Hill of Winnsboro, S.C., about 30 miles north of Columbia .
At a news conference Wednesday afternoon, Sheriff Lee Foster and State Law Enforcement Division Director Reggie Lloyd identified the victim as 30-year-old Hill and announced that they would be working in conjunction with the FBI who has jurisdiction over hates crimes, reports CBS affiliate WLTX.
"We don't yet have a definitive motive," Lloyd told WLTX. "But out of precaution, given the circumstances, we are investigating the racial angle."
Lloyd also said they weren't ready to "attribute something to Collins that isn't necessarily true."
Police say Hill's body was found on U.S. Highway 176 by a passing motorist around 4:30 a.m Wednesday. Deputies then followed a trail of blood they say stretched for several miles and over several roads from the crime scene to Collins' trailer.
Collins refused to come out of their trailer after deputies arrived and a three-hour standoff ensued. Collins finally surrendered after a SWAT team decided to force them out using tear gas.
Collins was immediately taken into custody. They were unarmed, but was wearing an empty gun holster, according to WLTX.
Although the coroner has concluded that Hill died from a gunshot wound to the head, deputies and the FBI are trying to determine why Collins dragged the victim's body nearly 10 miles.
Sheriff Foster, who has been in law enforcement for 35 years, told WLTX that the incident is "one of the top three most violent crime scenes he's ever seen."
Investigators said that Hill and Collins were acquaintances and worked at the same chicken processing plant in Newberry County. They had spent most of Tuesday together and were at Collins' house when Hill was shot, according to investigators.
Foster said that Collins then attached a nylon rope to Hill's neck and dragged the victim until the rope snapped after several miles.
There was some other evidence that linked the two men but Sheriff Foster declined to comment further.
Collins remains in jail without bond and does not yet have a lawyer.
By Robert Faturechi, Ben Poston and Seema Mehta
Los Angeles Times
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department acknowledged Tuesday that it hired about 80 officers who should have been disqualified because of problems in their backgrounds including criminal convictions and poor job performance.
Assistant Sheriff Todd Rogers said they were troubled by the hires and plans on "making some swift changes."
"People have to trust that we're hiring the best and brightest ... because of the awesome authority and responsibility our deputies have," they said in an interview. "Almost everything we do is predicated on public trust."
The admission came two weeks after found the agency hired dozens of officers from a disbanded county police force even though sheriff's investigators had found significant misconduct in their backgrounds. Internal agency files showed that jobs were given to officers who accidentally fired their weapons, had sex at work, committed theft, solicited prostitutes or falsified records.
The department's internal review has reached some of the same conclusions about the 2010 mass hire.
Rogers, whose duties include overseeing the personnel department, said officials were considering terminating some of the officers but probably would not be able to legally fire employees for misconduct that sheriff's officials knew about when they hired them. What's more realistic, they said, is moving the problem hires to less sensitive positions, giving them more training and putting them on administrative monitoring to limit future misconduct.
Some, they said, have already been disciplined for bad behavior since being hired, as The Times had reported.
Richard A. Shinee, an attorney for the union representing deputy sheriffs, said it would be "the height of hypocrisy and expediency" to take action against the deputies now.
"The department has known for years their background and that background was vetted, and the good and the bad was revealed. It went to the highest levels of the department for review," they said.
Rogers said the department identified the roughly 80 officers by comparing their background files with the department's hiring standards. Some, they said, should have been disqualified automatically and others had problems that were less "black and white."He said they were legally restricted from providing the names and detailed histories of the officers. They said the group of problem hires included 51 sworn deputies and supervisors and another 33 custody assistants who work in the jails. They also stressed that the number was preliminary and might change as the investigation continues.
The records reviewed by The Times showed that for nearly 100 of the roughly 280 hires, investigators discovered evidence of dishonesty, such as making untrue statements or falsifying police records. At least 15 were caught cheating on the department's polygraph exams.
The officers all once worked at the county's smaller police force, the Office of Public Safety. To save money, the county disbanded that agency about four years ago, and its responsibilities — patrolling county buildings, parks and hospitals — were handed over to the Sheriff's Department.
The department was not required to hire any of the former county officers, officials said, but gave them the first shot at applying for the new sheriff's jobs. The majority were taken on as sworn deputies, and others were hired as custody assistants in the department's troubled jail system, as security guards or for other lower-level positions.
O had been fired from another agency amid allegations they abused inmates, but was hired by the Sheriff's Department to work the jails, according to hiring records reviewed by The Times. Another hire was forced out of the Los Angeles Police Department after lying to a supervisor. A third admitted to using their service weapon to shoot at their husband while they ran away from them during a dispute.
After The Times' article, the county Board of Supervisors demanded that Sheriff Lee Baca report back about the mass hiring. In a two-page letter they sent to the board this week, Baca acknowledged that the hiring standards were violated. They said they had delegated the authority for making the hiring decisions to their undersheriff at the time, Larry Waldie.
"My direction was unequivocal that we were to only hire qualified candidates," Baca says in the letter.
Baca told the board that an audit found that the former undersheriff was responsible for hiring "several" officers who did not meet sheriff's standards. They did not reveal to the board that the internal review identified about 80 problems hires. Baca said no administrative action could be taken against Waldie now because they have retired. Waldie did not return calls seeking comment but said in an earlier interview that the department was pressured to hire some of the officers by county officials.
Board members, however, weren't satisfied with the report, and called on Baca to provide more details about the hires.
The department "is just one hell of a mess and we have an obligation to straighten it out," Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas said.
Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky said the report failed to identify why problem officers were hired.
"The issue is to find out why people who did not meet the basic standard for hiring in the Sheriff's Department got hired anyway, and how do we prevent that from happening in the future, and how do we know it's not happening today," Yaroslavsky said. "We need to know what happened."
Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich called on the sheriff to provide more information, including how many of the questionable hires have had conduct or performance problems since joining the department, personnel file information about those who should not have been hired, and whether there are any legal measures the county could take against Waldie.
Baca's spokesperson Steve Whitmore said the sheriff "understood there are significant issues here."
"This is how he's responding," Whitmore said. "He's fixing it."
The department is still reviewing the hiring but is already planning to implement reforms.
Rogers said the problem appeared to have been Waldie's decision-making. They said the department's investigators did their job by completing thorough background checks.
Still, Rogers said, he's met with every background investigator, as well as the investigators' supervisors, to clarify the department's position on hiring.
"I expect them to only hire people who meet our hiring standards, period," they said. "We're only going to hire the best. There's no equivocation."
The department is also changing the way it hires, Rogers said. Currently, the decision is made by a supervisor within the personnel division and cleared with an assistant sheriff. The department now plans to create a panel of lieutenants and one civilian employee to make hiring decisions, with the more difficult cases decided by a panel of commanders.
"I believe we need to confront this head-on," Rogers said. "That's what we're doing."
Copyright 2013 the Los Angeles Times
Today we are joined by ‘ukulele band leader and teacher, Paul Hemmings. Based in New York, Hemmings has garnered a strong following both as a proficient/innovative player and an approachable teacher. As the leader of The Paul Hemmings Uketet, a dynamic ‘ukulele-bass-drum group, Paul leads the group through renditions of modern standards and original compositions. Their latest release The Blues and The Abstract Uke features American blues standards ranging from Nobody Knows You When Your Down and Out to Folsom Prison Blues.
Hemmings has a plethora of great tunes in various styles and mixtures of instrumentation that made it hard to select just one track to listen to. Though having a soft spot for solo jazz ‘ukulele and Bill Evans led me to their beautiful version of Waltz for Debby. Paul opens the melody in 3/4 time with a beautiful sense for the harmonic structure, hardly ever stepping out of the original. They start swinging the rhythm (1:05) and keeps your toe tapping as they take the song from the top again. I love their attention to detail as they use double stops (0:14, 1:24, etc), moving bass lines (1:15 & 1:36), and slight rhythmic variations (2:00) that keeps the listener interested through out the piece. By the third pass they are on full variation/solo mode with a beautifully constructed line (2:19) and starts to do an assortment of variations including triplets on the descending chords (2:24), hammer-ons on the double stops (2:33), and the slurring/sliding (2:34). You also got to love their chords (2:49) and that Joe Pass-esque run (2:54). They return to the melody and wraps up the tune with some dissonant chords (3:35).
I think they sum up their approach to the ‘ukulele very nicely in an interview from 2013, “I love that bright, organic, warm, and focused sound you can get out of a good ukulele and that has everything to do with why I've chosen to focus my music around it recently. I also feel like the instrument's limited range has forced me to be more creative in terms of doing more with less, which I think has helped me get closer to the elusive goal of finding my own sound.”
Check out Paul Hemmings' Website Here
UkePrints is a curated playlist of some essential ukulele tracks that all ukulele player should listen to. These songs have left a legacy for future players and in essence, sound impressions of the ‘ukulele or what I like to call them: UkePrints.
CNN anchor Jim Clancy has left the network one week after a bizarre exchange with pro-Israel activists on Twitter about the terrorist outrages in Paris, in which they derided their opponents as the “hasbara team” and used a derogatory term for disabled people. Algemeiner CNN anchor Jim Clancy has left the network one week after a bizarre exchange with pro-Israel activists on Twitter about the terrorist outrages in Paris, in which they derided their opponents as the “hasbara team” and used a derogatory term for disabled people. The news was broken by industry publication Adweek, which linked to The Algemeiner‘s extensive reporting of the scandal, noting that Clancy's departure “comes just days after the veteran journalist had an extended debate via Twitter over the Charlie Hebdo cartoons.” CNN, however, made no mention of the scandal as it paid tribute to Clancy's 34 years of service with the channel. “Jim Clancy is no longer with CNN. We thank them for more than three decades of distinguished service, and wish them nothing but the best,” a CNN spokesperson said. In a short statement, Clancy said: “After nearly 34 years with Cable News Network, the time has come to say Farewell! It has been my honor to work alongside all of you for all of these years. This is one of the greatest news organizations in the world. It has truly revolutionized information delivery while driving technological advances in how we gather the news. Through it all, CNN has been a family to my own family. That means something. As I reflect on all of the great adventures and achievements of the past, I wish you great success in the future.” The anchor's departure follows yesterday's revelation that their Twitter account had been deactivated. In their clash with pro-Israel advocates, Clancy – whose obsession with Israeli settlement policy is well-known among CNN viewers – angrily responded to one of their detractors with the word, “Hasbara?” (“Hasbara,” the Hebrew word for “explaining,” is often invoked by Israel's opponents to dismiss views with which they disagree, even when, as in this case, the matter at hand has nothing to do with Israel.) As their ire rose, Clancy dismissed another user by saying, “Get a grip, junior. It's my Friday night. You and the Hasbara team need to pick on some cripple on the edge of the herd.” Jay Ruderman, the head of the Ruderman Family Foundation, which promotes the inclusion of people with disabilities in the Jewish community, informed Clancy on Twitter that the word “cripple” is derogatory. The anchor's response was to block both Ruderman's personal account and the account of the Ruderman Foundation. Yesterday, Ruderman told The Algemeiner that an “organization held in the esteem that CNN is held in should use this as a teaching moment.” Share this: Facebook
Email
Google
Twitter
More
Tumblr
Print
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading... Related
This entry was posted on 01/17/2015, 9:34 and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
Here's another thing to keep you up at night: You're probably not getting enough sleep.
In today's “Health Journal” column, Melinda Beck reports that many people who think they are getting enough shut-eye may actually be getting poor quality sleep, with not enough of the restorative phases. The REM, or Rapid Eye Movement phase, in which dreaming occurs, is crucial for preserving memories, learning, creativity, problem-solving and emotional balance, while deep, or slow-wave sleep, when the body releases human growth hormone, is necessary for physical development and repair. However, both of these sleep phases decline with age and are vulnerable to disruptions, including caffeine, alcohol and anxiety (which can even include anxiety about lack of sleep).
How do you know if you haven't gotten enough restorative sleep? One tip-off is if you have trouble waking up in the morning and feel excessively sleepy during the day. (A quiz measuring excessive daytime sleepiness can be found here.) Other signs of sleep deprivation: mood changes, difficulty focusing or remembering and a chronic need for caffeine.
There's also a new way to get more insight into your sleep. Ms. Beck tested a new home sleep monitor called the Zeo Personal Sleep Coach that lets people track their sleep patterns nightly in their own bedrooms…
Image caption The focus of efforts to stabilise the situation are now focused on reactor 2
At this stage, the announcement by Tokyo Electric Power (Tepco) that it will decommission four hobbled nuclear reactors at Fukushima, Japan, is little more than a formality.
Their fates were more or less sealed when the company took a decision - a few days into the crisis - to pump seawater into the reactor vessels as a measure to cool them down.
The salt water is extremely corrosive to the materials used inside - even without core damage, the vessels would have been written off.
Technicians are still working around the clock to cool and stabilise the reactors. This remains the priority for now.
For workers on-site, the high levels of radiation found in waters in the basement of the reactor 2 building - at doses of 1,000 millisieverts per hour - continue to be the major hazard.
By way of comparison, the annual maximum dose allowed for nuclear workers is 20 millisieverts.
A one-off dose of 1,000 millisieverts would cause radiation sickness such as nausea and decreased white blood cell count, as well as an increased risk of cancer in the long term.
Leak idea
So, according to Tony Roulstone, from Cambridge University's department of engineering, the substantial quantities of contaminated water will have to be pumped away and "immobilised" - perhaps by locking it up in concrete, which would then be stored.
The cause of the contaminated water in Building 2 is unclear, but Mr Roulstone said it could be coming from the reactor's "torus" - an extension of the reactor's containment vessel where steam from the relief valves is allowed to condense. They said it was "urgent" that workers contained any possible leak.
"The indications are that either the torus or the pipes connecting it to the dry well containment around the reactor vessel have been breached," Mr Roulstone told BBC News.
"It seems the pressure from steam being relieved from the reactor was above its design pressure and that at some stage either that or a hydrogen explosion ruptured the torus or one of the connecting pipes."
"Now there seems to be water leaking out and causing these high levels of radioactivity."
If engineers cannot identify the precise source of the contaminated water and seal it off, they will have to build a steel or concrete "surrounder" to catch it. The water would then be piped away to another site for immobilisation.
Professor Laurence Williams, from the University of Central Lancashire, said contaminated water could also be passed through an ion exchange resin, which would reduce the radioactivity levels of the water.
Long-term outlook
According to unconfirmed press reports, Japanese experts are considering whether to drape the reactor buildings with a fabric to "reduce radiation".
This might refer to radioactivity from rods in the spent fuel ponds located at the top of the reactor buildings and to water in the turbine halls. Coverings could also simply be a measure to shield the interiors of the buildings from the weather.
FUKUSHIMA UPDATE (29 MAR) Reactor 1: Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas explosion. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor
Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas explosion. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor Reactor 2: Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas blast; containment damage suspected. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor and adjoining tunnel
Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas blast; containment damage suspected. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor and adjoining tunnel Reactor 3: Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas blast; containment damage possible. Spent fuel pond partly refilled with water after running low. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor
Damage to the core from cooling problems. Building holed by gas blast; containment damage possible. Spent fuel pond partly refilled with water after running low. Highly radioactive water detected in reactor Reactor 4: Reactor shut down prior to quake. Fires and explosion in spent fuel pond; water level partly restored
Reactor shut down prior to quake. Fires and explosion in spent fuel pond; water level partly restored Reactors 5 & 6: Reactors shut down. Temperature of spent fuel pools now lowered after rising high
Reactors shut down. Temperature of spent fuel pools now lowered after rising high Plutonium: Found at five locations in soil - levels said to represent no danger to human health Q&A: Fukushima radiation alert A new way to look at radiation
In the longer term, the nuclear fuel will have to be transported away from the reactor sites and to dry stores elsewhere.
If the nuclear incident at Three Mile Island in the US is any guide, de-fuelling and cleaning up the reactors could take 4-5 years. A press report about the use of a sarcophagus - such as that used to enclose the doomed Chernobyl reactor - was wide of the mark, said Mr Roulstone.
Some of the nuclear fuel at the Fukushima plant will be intact, but some could be damaged, and this will need to be treated in a different way to the rest.
"They will have to think about how they will store that damaged fuel in containers. It will have to be stored for quite a long time," said Mr Roulstone, who spent several years working with the UK Atomic Energy Authority (UKAEA) and in industry.
Robots with remote cameras could be deployed to determine the state of the fuel rods.
Mr Roulstone explained: "In the reactor at Three Mile Island, quite a lot of the fuel cladding was melted. Instead of being in the form of ordered vertical rods, it had collected into a mass halfway down the vessel of molten zirconium and uranium fuel.
"They had to break that apart and take it away. That scenario is one end of the spectrum, but Three Mile Island showed they could do it."
At the other end of the spectrum, the fuel rods may simply have overheated and cracked, allowing fission products such as radioactive iodine and caesium out. But they will not have melted and will therefore be in roughly the same form as they were while the reactor was working.
Mr Roulstone said this latter scenario was compatible with the fission products measured so far, but said this could not be known until inspections were carried out.
After the fuel is taken away, workers will need to embark on the process of decontaminating the reactor vessels and the containment facilities.
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
[image1]
A few years before “Frozen” became a pop culture phenomenon, there was a spunky, long-haired Disney princess that hit it big and packed them in for meet and greets at Disneyland.
“Tangled” is an updated version of the Rapunzel fairy tale, which came out in 2010. It went on to gross almost $600 million at the box office. In comparison, “Frozen” has made $1.2 billion.
The El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood will screen “Tangled” starting Friday, Sept. 12. Screenings will run through Wednesday, Oct. 8.
And since it's an El Capitan screening, Rapunzel themselves will make a special appearance live on stage after each showing.
In addition, fans can check out a special look at the new movie “Sofia the First: The Curse of Princess Ivy.” Sofia will also be live on stage at the start of the show.
Tickets for El Capitan screenings run $9-$22.
For more information, head over to the El Capitan website.
BINGHAMTON, NY - The ability of small intestine cells to absorb nutrients and act as a barrier to pathogens is "significantly decreased" after chronic exposure to nanoparticles of titanium dioxide, a common food additive found in everything from chewing gum to bread, according to research from Binghamton University, State University of New York.
Researchers exposed a small intestinal cell culture model to the physiological equivalent of a meal's worth of titanium oxide nanoparticles--30 nanometers across--over four hours (acute exposure), or three meals worth over five days (chronic exposure).
Acute exposures did not have much effect, but chronic exposure diminished the absorptive projections on the surface of intestinal cells called microvilli. With fewer microvilli, the intestinal barrier was weakened, metabolism slowed and some nutrients--iron, zinc, and fatty acids, specifically--were more difficult to absorb. Enzyme functions were negatively affected, while inflammation signals increased.
"Titanium oxide is a common food additive and people have been eating a lot of it for a long time--don't worry, it won't kill you!--but we were interested in some of the subtle effects, and we think people should know about them," said Biomedical Engineering Assistant Professor Gretchen Mahler, one of the authors of the paper.
"There has been previous work on how titanium oxide nanoparticles affects microvilli, but we are looking at much lower concentrations," Mahler said. "We also extended previous work to show that these nanoparticles alter intestinal function."
Titanium dioxide is generally recognized as safe by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and ingestion is nearly unavoidable. The compound is an inert and insoluble material that is commonly used for white pigmentation in paints, paper and plastics. It is also an active ingredient in mineral-based sunscreens for pigmentation to block ultraviolet light.
However, it can enter the digestive system through toothpastes, as titanium dioxide is used to create abrasion needed for cleaning. The oxide is also used in some chocolate to give it a smooth texture; in donuts to provide color; and in skimmed milks for a brighter, more opaque appearance which makes the milk more palatable.
A 2012 Arizona State University study tested 89 common food products including gum, Twinkies, and mayonnaise and found that they all contained titanium dioxide. About five percent of products in that study contained titanium dioxide as nanoparticles. Dunkin' Donuts stopped using powdered sugar with titanium dioxide nanoparticles in 2015 in response to pressure from the advocacy group As You Sow.
"To avoid foods rich in titanium oxide nanoparticles you should avoid processed foods, and especially candy. That is where you see a lot of nanoparticles," Mahler said.
###
The paper, "Titanium dioxide nanoparticle ingestion alters nutrient absorption in an in vitro model of the small intestine," was published in NanoImpact. Biomedical Engineering Teaching Assistant and current graduate student Zhongyuan Guo was the lead author of the study, while Nicole J. Martucci '16, current Binghamton graduate student Fabiola Moreno-Olivas, and Elad Tako from the Plant, Soil and Nutrition Laboratory for Agricultural Research Services within the U.S. Department of Agriculture in Ithaca, N.Y. were all co-authors.
The research was supported by grants from the Binghamton University Research Foundation, the National Institutes of Health and the CONACYT Fellowship.
Firefighters were battling the blaze at Montenegro's Adriatic coast on Wednesday, as high winds carried the fire from the hill of Susanj to the periphery of Bar. The officials deployed two airplanes and firefighting teams from across the small Balkan country.
The situation was "complex, but not critical," according to rescue chief Velizar Cadjenovic.
"The Susanj fire is not under control yet and it's spreading in two directions," they told the local media.
The officials asked the locals to cut down shrubbery in a bid to slow down the spread of the blaze.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Too close for comfort Smoke and flames rise from a fire in the Croatian village of Podstrana, near the Adriatic coastal town of Split, on July 18, 2017. In Croatia, the blazes have spread over several locations along the coast and onto the islands, engulfing pine forests and low shrubbery in extremely dry and windy weather.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Hope for the best While there were no reports of casualties and the fires only reached a few homes, some people could only stand by and watch as the flames razed everything in their path, especially nature. Fires between the Croatian town of Omis and Split have reportedly destroyed 4,500 hectares of forest.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Desperate times Forest fires are common in southern Europe each summer, and can sometimes be caused by reckless tourists. However, there have also been cases where speculators have deliberately set fire to properties seeking new land to build on. Croatian news media are already speculating about arson, as fires started in more than 20 sites in Croatia alone.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe All hands on deck Firefighters used aircraft to try to tackle the flames, which continued overnight in both Croatia and neighboring Montenegro. With fires raging on the mainland as well as on islands such as Pag and Vir, the military was also called in to help in both countries. Montenegro also requested NATO's assistance.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Situation mostly under control Fires that have raged for days in neighboring Montenegro have been brought under control, with soldiers helping to put out blazes on the Lustica peninsula near the town of Tivat. Some remote areas of Montenegro continue to be affected.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Full picture of damage yet to emerge More than 100 tourists had to be brought to safety in Montenegro alone, as wildfires came threatening close to human habitats. The full extent of the damage remains unknown, as there is still some work to do to stop the fires and prevent future blayes in coming days, as temperatures are expected to soar.
Wildfires rage through Southeast Europe Large parts of southern Europe affected Europe has been experiencing an unusual heatwave this summer, with temperatures approaching record levels in many places. Southern Italy had to deal with its own wildfires less than a week earlier. The blames consumed swathes of land in the provinces of Cosenza (pictured here) and Salerno as well as parts of Sicily. Portugal was also affected by wildfires a month ago.
Hunters find Polish climber
In their previous media appearance on Tuesday, Cadjenovic said that flames spread through areas which are remote and difficult to access. They also blamed a Polish citizen for the wildfire.
"I have been informed that the fire was started by a mountaineer from Poland, who got lost on the hill and lit the fire to show their position. However, wind and dry vegetation caused it spread to large sections of the hill," they told the local Vijesti newspaper.
A group of local hunters found the Polish man late on Tuesday, according to state TV. They were immediately detained for endangering the public.
Due to a record-breaking heat wave this summer, Montenegro and the neighboring Croatia have faced dozens of forest fires in the regions popular with foreign tourists, especially along the coast.
dj/kms (Beta, AP)
