Share:
KARACHI - Sindh Assembly yesterday unanimously passed a law against forced conversion of religion, in a bid to protect minorities in the province.
The new law declares forced conversion a crime and recommends a five year punishment for perpetrators and a three year sentence for facilitators.
The Sindh Criminal Law (Protection of Minorities) Bill-2015 was proposed a year ago by Nand Kumar Goklani, a Hindu legislator from the PML-F.
The law will focus on the right of freedom to all persons for providing liberty in making choice of marriage.
The bill said that no one shall be approached to change religion until they attain age of maturity - 18 years. And the conversion of a minor to another religion will not be recognised.
Under the newly passed bill, forcibly converting a minor is also a punishable offence, while adults will be given 21 days to consider their decision to convert.
"It is necessary to criminalise forced conversions and provide protection for those who are victims of this abhorrent practice," an excerpt of the bill read.
It called the heinous practice a ‘violent offence that must be eliminated' by recognising the importance of tolerance and respect for all religions.
The legislation was necessitated because the practice of forced conversions, particularly of Hindus to Islam, has remained common across the Sindh for years.
Exact figures are unverifiable, but hundreds of people are believed to undergo forced conversions each year.
"It is a historic law we have carved and passed," Nand Kumar Goklani, said. "This will end the plight of minority Hindus, who will feel more protected now," added the mover of the bill.
In 2015, the South Asia Partnership-Pakistan in its report revealed that at least 1,000 girls were forcibly converted to Islam in the Muslim majority nation of some 200 million, the vast majority of them in Sindh.
It mentioned that they case of the forced conversions had been reported from various parts of Sindh including Jacobabad, Tharparkar, Umerkot, Kashmore, Kandhkot, Ghotki, Larkana and Sukkur.
The report defined the forced conversation as a person or persons' use of pressure, force or threat to make another person adopt another religion.
This year in June, the Senate Standing Committee on Religious Affairs termed forced conversion illegal and against the preaching of Islam.
Earlier on November 17, Sindh Assembly passed a bill to establish a commission to protect the rights of the monitories in the province. The 14-member commission is mandated to take suo moto action on the issues of minorities and legislation pertaining to issues of non-Muslims residence in Sindh.
OTHER LEGISLATIVE BUSINESS
On Thursday (yesterday), Sindh Assembly met for two hours and two minutes. The speaker presided over the sitting which was also attended by the deputy speaker, the chief minister, and the Parliamentary leaders of PPP, MQM, PML-F and PTI. However, the Leader of the Opposition was absent.
The house referred the Voluntary Social Welfare Agencies (Registration and Control) (Sindh Amendment) Bill, 2016; the Sindh Workers Welfare Fund (Amendment) Bill, 2016; and the Sindh Employees Social Security (Amendment) Bill, 2016 to relevant standing committees.
During the session five ‘starred questions' were taken up and responded to by the relevant ministers. The lawmakers also asked 26 supplementary questions. The speaker rejected an adjournment motion of a PTI lawmaker regarding presence of ghost hospitals and health facilities in province.
The House took up four out of five call attention notices on various issues of public importance. It also elected two PPP lawmakers - Dr Shajeela Laghari and Faraz Dero - for their representation in Board of Sindh Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (STEVTA).
PORTLAND, Ore. -- Police have arrested a man accused of stealing a backpack and wedding ring from a victim of last week's triple stabbing on a light-rail train in Portland.
Portland police Sgt. Pete Simpson says the ring and backpack belonged to Ricky Best, a 53-year-old man who was killed while heading home from their job as a city employee. Simpson says the backpack contained personal items important to Best's family.
Simpson says the suspect was seen on surveillance video leaving the train carrying the backpack in their right hand. The Portland Police Bureau tweeted news of the arrest Friday, but did not immediately release the man's name.
Portland police say Best's family realized the items were missing while making funeral arrangements Thursday. While reviewing surveillance video of the crime scene, police determined the bag had been stolen, reports CBS Portland affiliate KOIN-TV.
There were personal items important to Best's family in the backpack, including contact information for people Best served with in the Army. Their family wants that information so they can get in touch with them.
"They've suffered an immense loss and this is just one more layer of tragedy to their already awful experience," Simpson told KOIN-TV, adding that it was "really an unconscionable act" and an "awful scenario for this family."
Police say Jeremy Christian stabbed three men - two fatally - after going into a racist tirade on the train. They have yet to enter a plea on charges of aggravated murder and other crimes.
I was talking to a very junior programmer recently and they asked me a great question. A question so good, it made me stop and think about my perspective on how learning happens. The question was:
“How do I know if I'm good at programming?”
I've often been asked the other side of this question “How do I get good at programming?”, or “What can I do to get good at programming”. The answer to which is some combination of experiment on your own projects, do courses, read books, work with good programmers and contribute to open source projects. But if you think about the problem in terms of “how do I know if I'm good?” it becomes much more of an engineering approach. You have a metric, optimize it.
Aside from practice, the most important thing for improving at any task is good feedback. When starting in a new domain without a good teacher, good feedback is difficult. A course for example may have exams or projects on which you get feedback. But once you've completed a course, how do you get the higher level feedback on your overall improvement? If you have a good mechanism for feedback, the answers for which thing to pursue next flow much more easily.
So how do I know if I'm good at programming? A good place to start is to ask “what is good code?”. If a programmer can't produce good code, they aren't a good programmer.
What is good code?
All code exists to complete tasks. The first mark of good code is that it completes the desired task. The task may vary massively in level of complexity, but the code can never do better than complete the task. Feedback for this is simple, “does the code achieve the desired aim?”. The code should only complete the desired task, there should not be other undesirable side-effects . Writing a good sets of unit tests around your code can act as a success metrics.
If you cannot successfully complete the task, here is your first good piece of feedback which, will show you exactly what you need to learn next. I dentify the knowledge you lack and seek out the most relevant resource. Systems theory tells us if you're not optimizing on the constraint, you're wasting your energy. This is the constraint, learn only this thing.
Is the code readable?
A well written piece of code is a clean concise expression of ideas. It should be as easy as possible for another programmer to understand what you've written. Get familiar with idioms and syntactic sugar of your language. There might be nice ways to write what you've written in 3 lines in just one, while still maintaining readability. Make sure your code is correctly documented, explaining why not what is the code is doing. To test this, if you don't have friends who can look at your code, I would recommend posting your code to https://codereview.stackexchange.com/ or some other similar sites. Yourself 6 months in the future is also a pretty good substitute for a stranger.
Is it easy to extend or modify?
It's a lot of programmers favorite complaint, “the requirements changed”. This is reality, you're not programming exam questions with clearly stated features and aims. In the real world requirements are always changing and that's a good thing. If a task took you 3 months to complete and you have no new requirements, someone is not doing a good job. More time should bring in new information and requirements.
In an interview I like to ask a candidate to complete a fairly simple programming task, such as programming an elevator system. Once they've finished that, I ask them to implement a crazy feature that they could never have foreseen. There response to this, both interpersonal and technical, tells you a huge amount about their skill.
A good programmer should be planning for this. If you wrote a program to complete task x, see how easy it is to modify it to do task x and y but not when conditions k through q occur(unless k and m occur at the same time then execute y but not x). CS 101 concepts – like polymorphism and the difference between inheritance and composition – that seemed meaningless at the time, may now feel interesting.
Writing code to change is a thing you get a feel for with more experience, but don't add more abstraction layers too soon. Premature abstraction leads things like Enterprise FizzBuzz ( https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition ).
Is the code Efficient?
Efficiency has a few different components, speed to finish and various resource components such as memory usage, CPU usage, etc. Luckily all of these are easy to track, and there are profilers in every language that can show you where program time and resources are being used. Get familiar with these tools and then see how much you can shave off these metrics. If you are reengineering an existing problem, such as writing your own LRU cache, you can look up the theoretical best performance and compare it to your own. Here you may want to start thinking about your code from a big-O perspective, it is also useful to know roughly how long different operations take https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~rcs/research/interactive_latency.html .
Can you write it quickly?
Especially early on in learning it's important not to focus on speed. Competing in speed coding competitions is impressive, but when it comes to the craft of programming, it's a poor way to learn. Speed should not be the goal, more the measure of progress. If you are mastering a domain then you should be able to write code that completes it's task, is efficient, readable, and easy to extend in a shorter amount of time.
It is easy to measure time taken to complete a task, but that metric is difficult to act upon. Instead maybe try to analyze the amount time spent on the various sub tasks. Are t hese are the areas you need to deepen your understanding of? Maybe you are spending large amounts of time doing manual testing of your code, could this be speeded up through automation? You could start to look at the tools you are using. Your IDE has all kinds useful hotkeys that can improve speed and free up your brain from mechanical tasks so it can focus on the higher level problems.
Finishing up
If your code achieves all these things to a high standard then you are good at programming for that task. If not there are clear areas on which to improve. You can then look towards more complex tasks or tasks in other areas that you wish to be a good.
I would like to add one more thing to this article to finish. Given the hard limit on hours in the day, and a harder limit on productive hours, there is only so much a single programmer can do. Elon Musk has a reputation as a productive guy, but if they were the only engineer at PayPal they would not have gotten far. At a certain level if you want to build great things you need to be working in a team. At this point programming becomes a social activity. You want to be able to program not just with your own hands and brain but on some level through the whole team you work with. At this point being a good programmer is about not just how good your code is, but about how good the code of people you work with is.
There are many ways to get feedback on this. After you code review a colleagues work, do they produce better code? The next question is had they just improved the specific code you reviewed or has their general code improved as well? Getting people to improve in this way is not simply a matter of technical feedback, but also motivation. Can you get them excited about the task, to understand why different improvements or approaches are important. Are you improving the overall skills of the people around you? The famous 27x research says that the best programmers are 27 times better than the worst. Well if you are a 7x programmer and you help 4 other people in your team go from 1x to 7x then you're far more productive than a 27x.
For me these are essential skills of a good programmer and if you are achieving any of them even in some small way, you can sleep soundly knowing you know you are a good programmer.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
UFC's Josh Samman Died from 'Probable Drug Overdose' ... Medical Examiner Says
UFC's Josh Samman Died from 'Probable Drug Overdose,' Medical Examiner Says
EXCLUSIVE
UFC fighter Josh Samman's official cause of death has been listed as "probable drug overdose" ... this according to the Broward County Medical Examiner.
Samman and their roommate Troy Kirkingburg -- an MMA ring announcer -- were discovered in a Florida apartment on September 30th.
Kirkingburg was pronounced dead at the scene. Samman was hospitalized for several days but ultimately passed away on October 5th.
The Medical Examiner says an autopsy was conducted on Kirkingburg and showed that they died from a massive accidental drug overdose.
We're told they tested positive for Xanax, cocaine, heroin, and ethanol (alcohol).
Their official cause of death is being listed as "multi-drug toxicity."
Regarding Samman ... the M.E. tells us, "We do not have any specimen on Mr. Samman due to the length of their hospitalization."
"His cause of death is probable drug overdose based on the circumstances and hospital drug screen that was positive for drugs, but we could not confirm this as they only hold specimens for three days."
Syfy has picked up a third season of its time-traveling series “12 Monkeys.”
The show, which has two episodes left in its second season, will return for Season 3 in 2017. Season 3 will be a little shorter than the previous two, with 10 episodes rather than 13. Co-creator Terry Matalas will continue as showrunner.
“In two short seasons, '12 Monkeys' has become a cult favorite series,” Chris McCumber, head of entertainment networks for NBCUniversal Cable, says in a statement. “It's exactly the kind of smart, on-the-edge-of-your-seat entertainment we want to bring to Syfy viewers.”
Season 2 of “12 Monkeys” hasn't been much of a ratings performer. It averages just a 0.1 in adults 18-49 and 393,000 viewers in same-day ratings. It typically grows to a 0.2 and 700,000-750,000 viewers in Live +7. The renewal seems based more on Syfy's love for the show than its drawing power.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif.-- At 18, Bernard Moon was looking at a bright future. A charismatic high school honors student and athlete, they had been accepted at elite universities.
But their life was cut short this week by the blast of a homemade rocket -- a failed nighttime science experiment on the tarmac of a Southern California elementary school.
A homemade chemical rocket attached to a skateboard blew up Monday night, mortally injuring Moon, who died at a hospital. Their 17-year-old friend suffered minor injuries.
The rocket was about a foot long and three-quarters of an inch in diameter, Ventura County sheriff's Capt. Garo Kuredjian said.
"It wasn't meant to go up into the sky," they said of the rocket. "It was meant to go horizontally to propel a skateboard."
The blast appeared to be a tragic accident, they said.
It was unclear whether anyone was trying to ride the skateboard at the time, they said.
Both teens attended Thousand Oaks High School in Ventura County.
"Our hearts are broken," said a posting on the school's Twitter site. "The bonds of faculty, staff, & students will bring healing."
The blast occurred on a courtyard at Madrona Elementary School. The experiment at the elementary campus wasn't sanctioned by any school, and the victims likely were using the courtyard because it's an open space, Kuredjian said.
The Conejo Valley Unified School District released a written statement that reads in part: "Our sympathies go out to the families involved. We are thankful for the quick actions and support of emergency response personnel."
"We don't suspect any more danger," added Kuredjian. "This was a tragic event [and it was] nothing sinister."
High school students dressed in all black Tuesday to pay their respects to Moon.
"He was just a cool kid. They were a nice person to around. They could make you laugh. They were just the kind of person that you would want to interact with," student Ken Zhou said to CBS Los Angeles.
Alissa Drucker had known Moon since elementary school and had just learned about their friend's death Tuesday morning. "He was in a scientific research class, which only a few people really get into at the school. And they loved science really," they said.
Investigators did not immediately confirm reports that Moon may have been working on a project for the April 20 Ventura County science fair.
They had placed in the 2014 and 2015 fairs.
It wouldn't have been out of character for Moon, a high school varsity tennis player and honors student who took advanced science classes. They had been accepted to both the University of California, Berkeley and Brown University, friends said.
William Kim, 18, of Irvine, met Moon last summer at Boys State in Sacramento, a weeklong camp where one standout student from each California high school gathers to set up a mock government.
Moon overwhelmingly was elected to head their fictional party, Kim said in a telephone interview.
Moon was outgoing, friendly, charismatic, ambitious, well-versed in politics and could think on their feet, Kim said.
They were the kind of leader "that made people laugh and feel comfortable," they added.
"I still can't believe that I've just had a meal with them a month ago, talking as if nothing like this was ever going to happen," Kim wrote on Facebook.
Madrona Elementary School in California was closed Tuesday in order for officials to ensure the safety of the campus, CBS Los Angeles reported. The school reopened Wednesday morning.
A week later, when asked by CBS's John Dickerson if Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the United States meant Muslim judges would be biased against him, Trump replied, “Yeah, that would be possible, absolutely.”
“Isn't there sort of tradition in America that we don't judge people by who their parents were and where they came from?” Dickerson then asked. “I'm not talking about tradition,” Trump responded, “I'm talking about common sense, okay?”
Bigoted as it was, Trump's line of reasoning also reflected a long-term shift in the demographics of American courts: Many of the nation's federal judges, especially those in appellate courts and on the Supreme Court itself, now come from different faiths than they do.
Aside from the occasional Catholic from Louisiana or Maryland, the federal judiciary consisted almost entirely of white Protestants for the first century of its existence. Only in 1900 did William McKinley nominate Jacob Trieber, a Prussian-born Jewish immigrant, to a federal district judgeship in Arkansas. A staunch Republican and a self-educated attorney, Trieber apparently encountered no resistance during their confirmation and forged an interesting civil-rights legacy during their 27-year tenure. Other judges who hailed from religious minorities followed slowly, including roughly a dozen Mormon federal judges throughout the latter 20th century. (In a unique twist on the “Jewish/Catholic seat” idea, the Utah Supreme Court traditionally had at least one non-Mormon justice until 2000.) More recently, Sri Srinivasan, a federal judge on the D.C. Circuit and a likely future Supreme Court nominee, took their oath of office on the Bhagavad Gita, a book of Hindu scripture.
Religion did, however, play a major role in shaping Supreme Court appointments. Louis Brandeis' raucous confirmation to be the first Jewish justice in 1916 came after days of Senate committee hearings, the first of their kind for nominations to the high court. By the mid-20th century, the Supreme Court had both a “Jewish seat,” occupied successively by Benjamin Cardozo, Felix Frankfurter, Arthur Goldberg, and Abe Fortas, as well as a less consistent “Catholic seat,” held by Pierce Butler, Frank Murphy, and finally William Brennan. Neither seat exists today because the eight current justices—as well as Antonin Scalia, who died in February, and Merrick Garland, whom Obama nominated to replace him—are now all active or lapsed Catholics and Jews.
The trend towards a more diverse judiciary seems unlikely to reverse. In June, the White House said it had “appointed 120 minority federal judges” over the past seven years, and claimed that for the first time, a majority of judges on the powerful circuit courts of appeal are women, people of color, or both. For most Americans, the change will be welcome or unnoticed. But for Trump, a judiciary that resembles people other than them will likely be more of an obstacle than an achievement.
Qureshi still faces an uphill battle for confirmation in the Senate, where GOP senators have effectively halted efforts to confirm Obama's judicial nominees ahead of the November election. If legislators don't act before the election or during the lame-duck session between November and January, their nomination will automatically lapse when Obama's term ends on January 20, 2017.
CLOSE Iowa DNR Conservation Officer Aron Arthur discusses new state law that allow straight wall cartridge rifles for deer hunting.
Buy Photo Around Iowa (Photo: The Register)Buy Photo
A dog stepped on a 12-gauge shotgun causing bird shot pellets to hit a man hunting in southwestern Wright County Wednesday.
William Rancourt, 36, of Lebanon, New Hampshire, was nearly 22 yards away when a hunting dog stepped on the trigger guard of a shotgun lying on the ground causing it to discharge, according to a news release from the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.
Rancourt was hit in the back and sustained injuries considered non-life threatening, but still "fairly moderate," said Ken Lonneman, a DNR conservation officer.
Rancourt was conscious, alert and able to walk when they were transported to Trinity Hospital in Fort Dodge. As of 4 p.m. Wednesday, X-rays were being performed to ensure all pellets had been removed from their back, Lonneman said.
"Shotguns are extremely dangerous at close range," Lonneman said. "In this case, there was a good distance between the muzzle and the wound, but if the victim had been closer, their injuries would have been more severe."
Rancourt and their party — which included two dogs, two Iowans and another man from New Hampshire — had been pheasant hunting in the Boone River Greenbelt Conservation Board Public Hunting Area at about 1:20 p.m. when one of the men placed their shotgun on the ground without unloading.
The incident acts a good reminder to all hunters to both unload and double-check the safety before putting any guns down or leaving them unattended, Lonneman said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
With shotgun deer season starting Saturday, the DNR cautions hunters that grounds will be busy this weekend.
"I would like to remind all hunters that no matter what season it is, but especially during a busy season like the one we are going into, to please be sure to identify your target as well as what's beyond your target before firing," Lonneman said.
If someone is hurt while on a public hunting ground, Lonneman said hunters should call for medical assistance right away and notify the local sheriff's office.
For more information on hunting in Iowa, visit IowaDNR.gov.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2zCejS0
When you mention Bossa Studios, I think of floppy bread and spy watches. I do not, as a rule, think about massively multiplayer airship games.
The British studio is best known for I Am Bread and Surgeon Simulator, though its body of work stretches beyond that and will soon encompass a high-flying massively MMO game: Worlds Adrift.
The project is chiefly interesting because of its ambition: Bossa has a team of 15 people working in Unity to build a persistent, scalable online world with the sort of physics-based game design the studio is known for.
The team's goal, according to designer Luke Williams, is to replicate the open-ended appeal of early MMORPGs like Ultima Online rather than their more rigid, content-driven modern siblings.
“When you see Blizzard struggling to keep up with demand for -- when all the World of Warcraft players are leaving because the content has dried up -- well, if Blizzard can't handle it, how the hell can a small studio like ours keep up with that?” Williams tells me during a recent phone conversation. “We're calling back to Ultima, I think, in terms of having a huge open world to just explore.”
But by the same token, how the hell can a team of 15 hope to build a game of that scope in the year between when Bossa began seriously working on Worlds Adrift last November and when it aims to ship it late this year?
The answer, as it turns out, is that they can't -- they've had to work with an external team at Improbable, the London-based tech startup that's raised millions in investment to develop what it describes as an operating environment for building virtual worlds.
“You can think of our technology as an operating system; we're orchestrating all these processes together to create a bigger experience,” Improbable CEO Herman Narula tells me, via phone. “Nobody at Bossa needs to worry about server infrastructure or networking -- all those things are part of the OS-like layer that we provide. The game really just needs the developers to build gameplay using our APIs and an engine, like Unity.“
Though Improbable's market isn't limited to game companies, Narula says the firm has been refining its own technology with Bossa's help as the two work together on Worlds Adrift.
The game will be the first real public test case for Improbable, and Bossa CEO Henrique Oilifers says the game would never have happened if not for a chance meeting with Narula last year; the project was originally conceived (as Traveller) during one of Bossa's regular game jams and shelved because it was too challenging to implement.
“This is something we could not do with 15 people in a year if we didn't have the Improbable platform to work with,” Olifiers tells me during the same (crowded!) phone call. “I couldn't do the game, as it stands today, with four times the team -- I couldn't do it with 60 people without this technology.”
Juggling flaming boxes while playing musical chairs
Olifiers has previously worked on more traditional MMO games at Jagex and other game companies, so they tried to elucidate the ways Improbable's tech differs from traditional MMO game architecture using the example of a traditional chess board with 64 squares.
Imagine each of the squares represents a portion of the MMO game world overseen by a single server, and each is capable of handling a certain amount of data. If a developer wants to exceed that limit in a given square, they have to subdivide it and give each smaller square its own server, which in practice means increasing costs (you have to pay for more servers) and increasing server overhead as you now have ten servers exchanging data instead of one.
"Hooking up with Improbable allows us to avoid these completely arbitrary limitations," says Olifiers. "We can design a game that can say 'Oh, there's a lot of physics-intensive stuff going on over here,' and turn a bunch of workers to focus on that location, handle computing those physics and whatever else is going on -- AI, whatever -- and talk to each other while the event is going on. When that event is over, they go do something else."
Narula claims those "workers" are just Improbable's way of referring to instances of the game engine (in this case, Unity) running on a giant virtual server distributed across many machines in an Improbable cluster. Part of Improbable's job is to manage these workers, creating or killing them as demand shifts and migrating them across machines to minimize lag (alongside client-side prediction algorithms) for players.
"Doing this is like playing a gigantic game of musical chairs with lots of flaming boxes," the Improbable chief tells me. "We're constantly bringing up and bringing down game engines and smaller, other kinds of specialist engines. They're no longer like the monolithic gods that run a particular area of the world; now they're just like, specialist services that handle specific stuff like physics or something else."
What this effectively offers, from a game maker's perspective, is the promise of building a massive online world without needing to create your own server-client architecture -- you just have to trust Improbable to handle things, and build your game using its APIs.
It may not be for everyone, but Bossa seems to appreciate having the opportunity to see how the physics-based design philosophy exemplified by games like I Am Bread works on a massive scale.
"I love designing games like this because you can build a core set of mechanics and then just let the world be played with," says Williams. "I think this form of game design sort of taps into this raw desire for players to learn how things work. What we're trying to do in the MMO space is to bring what we've learned from games like Surgeon Simulator and I Am Bread into an online game environment to see if we can make an interesting MMO game, because the genre has felt a bit stagnant recently."
They and their team are designing Worlds Adrift such that if a player cuts down a tree, it will fall, roll down a hill and stay there until someone does something with it or the entire game shuts down. Players start out on islands floating in the air, but they can use the game's suite of crafting systems to construct airships and explore, building things and fight with (or alongside) each other.
More interesting than the game itself is what its development portends for the future of online game design. If Worlds Adrift works out, it will showcase how new tech may open up MMO game development to developers that have neither the resources nor much interest in fielding games cast from the World of Warcraft mold.
"We know our audience," Olifiers tells me. "It's the person who stops and looks at systems in games and says 'What if...?' That person plays regular games, says 'What if?' and nothing happens. Our games aren't like that. If you try something, chances are you will be rewarded. That's a core design goal."
World of Final Fantasy first details, screenshots
Lead a pair of twins through varied Final Fantasy worlds.
Square Enix shared first details on World of Final Fantasy, coming to PlayStation 4 and PS Vita in 2016, during its E3 2015 press conference.
The game aims to expand the Final Fantasy universe to a new generation of players, who will collect, raise, and take into battle the monsters of Final Fantasy lore.
World of Final Fantasy combines classic RPG mechanics with toy-like visuals. Players will lead a pair of twins through varied Final Fantasy worlds and encounter familiar monsters therein. Monsters such as cactuar, chocobo, and behemoth can be captured and raised, and alternate forms discovered.
One of the game's key features its “stacking” ability, which lets the siblings adjust their size, tuning from small enough to jump onto monsters during combat, to big enough to have the monsters ride on the twins. By customizing and stacking an army of monsters, players can create strategic tower combinations and take on the most challenging enemies.
If you missed it, catch the debut trailer below. View the first screenshots at the gallery.
Husbands and wives are at each other's throats over which Republican should be the party nominee — sparking tearful lovers' quarrels, hurt feelings and heated living-room debates.
Jonathan Hanson, 42, of New Hampshire is a diehard Donald Trump supporter but their wife, Brooklyn-born Dana, 40, is for Ben Carson — and hates The Donald.
“My husband thinks Trump can do no wrong. I'm like, really, dude?” said Dana, whose mom is a Muslim. They said she's been brought to tears arguing GOP politics with my hubby.
“It breaks my heart — it gets heated. He's just so stubborn,” they said.
The couple, who have been together for eight years, can no longer watch TV without getting into shouting matches, Jonathan admits.
“Watching the news can get ugly. We're both so strongly opinionated. We'll argue all night long and toss in some expletives,” said Jonathan, who likes Trump's tell-it-like-it-is persona.
“It gets to the point where I'll just go to bed because I'm sick of it. They think I'm out of my mind for supporting him,” they said.
‘It gets to the point where I'll just go to bed because I'm sick of it. They think I'm out of my mind for supporting him.' - Jonathan Hanson, Dana's husband
The two have had to set rules not to talk about politics among friends, in public or at dinner.
Other Republican couples have agreed not to bring politics into the bedroom.
“When our night ritual begins, we don't talk about it anymore because it gets heated,” said Jeannine Hinman, a lawyer from Fresno, Calif., who supports Marco Rubio while their husband of 35 years backs Trump.
“We have to say, let's lower the volume or change the subject. We have to try to find a common ground,” they said.
The couple began bickering while watching a recent debate when their husband said Trump should be able to interrupt.
“I looked at them like they had lobsters coming out of their ears. I'm was so surprised,” they said.
Eddie and Nicole, a Republican couple from Staten Island, said they make it work by simply turning off the TV.
“Years ago we used to look forward to watching an intelligent debate together — but now it's a forum of insults,” said Nicole, who supports Carson while their husband backs Trump.
Ryan Anderson, a leading voice defending traditional marriage, says they aren't surprised when the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage one year ago this month.
"It was only logical after 50 years of heterosexuals making a mess of marriage that it was plausible for five judges to legally redefine marriage," the Heritage Foundation scholar recently told a roomful of family studies graduates at Brigham Young University.
They then proposed a plan that they believe could slow the momentous change in attitudes on marriage that's occurred in the past decade and potentially reverse the trend. They explained how taking a page from the anti-abortion movement could help traditional marriage supporters chip away at the high court's Obergefell vs. Hodges ruling, preserve the right to not recognize same-sex marriage and build a case against same-sex parenting.
Some legal experts are skeptical about the comparison, noting that the stakes in the abortion debate are much higher than they are in marriage equality.
"The fundamental ethical calculus (of same-sex marriage) is very, very different," said Jonathan Rauch, a senior fellow in governance studies with the Brookings Institution.
Anderson acknowledges their analogy to the anti-abortion movement is not perfect. After all, the court's landmark Roe v. Wade ruling legalizing a woman's right to have an abortion is still the law of the land, and a debate over the right to marry is not the same as arguing over women's rights or the right to be born.
But they say the ongoing legal battles to restrict abortion (the Supreme Court will issue a ruling before the end of this month on restrictions in Texas) give hope that the battle over marriage isn't over.
"Forty years ago, the talking heads said the Supreme Court has settled the abortion issue and a generation from now we will all be pro-choice and pro-lifers will be in nursing homes and inside the Vatican. But the millennial generation is more pro-life than previous generations because of the work of their parents," Anderson told BYU students. "The talking heads are saying the same thing now, that the Supreme Court has settled the marriage question and traditionalists will all be inside the Vatican and in nursing homes. What can we do to prove those talking heads wrong?"
Poke holes in the ruling
One of the key ways anti-abortion activists responded to Roe v. Wade was to see the ruling as an opportunity, rather than a roadblock, Anderson said. They recognized its weaknesses and prepared to expose them.
"Little by little, the pro-life movement has made progress in undoing that precedent," they said.
Traditional marriage supporters should adopt a similar mindset, they argued, noting that the four justices writing for the minority in the same-sex marriage ruling set that process in motion.
"We have four well-written dissents in the Obergefell decision, pointing out flaws in logic that got the case, marriage and constitution wrong," Anderson said.
But traditional marriage supporters may struggle to make progress on this front, because there doesn't seem to be the same level of energy behind their cause that there is behind the anti-abortion movement, Rauch said.
"I don't detect a big market shift in the direction of a kind of renewed battle on same-sex marriage," they said, noting that the issue has rarely come up during this year's presidential election.
Indeed, observers on both sides of the issue agree the swift change in public opinion on same-sex marriage was unprecedented. In 2016, 37 percent of U.S. adults opposed same-sex marriage, compared to 51 percent in 2008 and 60 percent in 2004, according to Pew Research Center. Support has increased more than 20 percentage points since 2001.
Rauch also believes that the marriage equality ruling is less susceptible to legal attacks than the abortion decision.
"Obergefell is not perfect, but the point is that the ruling is much less vulnerable to being accused of making up legislation randomly than Roe v. Wade was," they said.
The abortion ruling's flaws, including that it was based on an unscientific understanding of trimesters, were acknowledged by people on both sides of the debate, noted Lucia Silecchia, a professor of law at the Catholic University of America, in an email.
"I think it is fair to say that the legal analysis in Roe was sloppy at best. Given that shaky legal analysis, it is no surprise that the Roe jurisprudence has been critiqued for over four decades," they said.
Create legal protections
After the abortion ruling, Congress and every state but Alabama, New Hampshire and Vermont created protections for health care providers whose religious beliefs prevented them from participating in the procedure. Conscience rights legislation helped people on both sides of the abortion issue move forward together.
"Roe v. Wade created the right to abortion, but also the right not to perform an abortion or pay for an abortion," Anderson told the Deseret News in April. They were not available to comment for this article.
To a large extent, that same approach to creating religious exemptions to same-sex marriage is already in motion. More than 100 religious freedom bills have been filed in state legislatures since June 2015, which, when passed, provide ways for people to exempt themselves from participating in same-sex marriages for religious reasons without losing their government position or business.
Anderson said that this work must continue, noting that traditional marriage supporters should be able to find allies even among those who support same-sex marriage.
"We need to form alliances with those who disagree with us about marriage," they said. "If the argument is about freedom to love and right to marry, isn't there also a corollary right of freedom to operate your business according to your religious beliefs?"
Religious accommodations, when they're done well, are "good for gay marriage and gays and straights," as well as people who believe marriage should only be between one man and one woman, Rauch said.
But they noted that conscience-rights protections are becoming more and more contentious, because some state lawmakers have been using them to discriminate against the LGBT community.
"The religious liberty question has been weaponized to a large extent," they said.
Rauch said they still believe there's a way to balance protections for traditional marriage supporters and gay and lesbian couples, noting that these efforts wouldn't undermine the Obergefell ruling.
"I'm not giving up on getting people around a table to work out reasonable solutions. It's way too premature to decide that can't happen," said Rauch, who is an LGBT activist and has long supported reaching a compromise with religious objectors.
Shift public opinion
In addition to a sustained effort to find legal loopholes in the Supreme Court's ruling on marriage, supporters of traditional marriage need to begin a campaign in the court of public opinion, Anderson said. They added that science, theology and personal stories could be used to win back support for traditional marriage.
"We need to make the case for marriage just like the pro-life movement made the case for life," Anderson said. "The challenge we face is to bear witness to the truth about marriage in a way that even our neighbors who don't agree with us can understand."
But Anderson acknowledged in their presentation that it's difficult to make a case for whom same-sex marriage harms.
"With marriage, we are not talking directly about rights or harms," they said. "We're talking about an institution in society that helps support human flourishing."
Opposition to abortion has been relatively stable since the 1970s. In May 2016, 19 percent of U.S. adults thought abortion should be illegal in all circumstances, compared to 22 percent in April 1975, according to Gallup.
High-profile Supreme Court rulings often increase public support for the winning side, but the anti-abortion movement has been aided by scientific advancements and the debate's high moral stakes, Silecchia noted.
"The rise of new technology allows us to have a window into the womb that we did not have before — a window that makes the development of the pre-birth child harder to ignore and makes the need for the state to protect this interest more compelling," they said.
Because the same-sex marriage debate doesn't involve the same moral stakes, Anderson and other traditional marriage supporters must find other compelling arguments to reverse the rapid shift in public opinion supporting same-sex marriage.
Anderson suggested that traditional marriage supporters use research and personal stories to highlight why it's important for children to be raised in homes with a mom and a dad.
However, these attempts to question the legitimacy of same-sex marriages will have to compete with real-world examples of gay and lesbian couples living happy, healthy, family-focused lives, said Jennifer Pizer, senior counsel and Law and Policy Project national director for Lambda Legal, a law firm dedicated to LGBT-related causes.
"The general public can see that the predicted end of civilization has not come to pass," they said.
Anderson said it will be difficult but not impossible to shift public opinion, even if the strategy still needs to be ironed out.
"There's not quite yet that bumper sticker slogan," they said.
While they have a year-old Supreme Court decision and public opinion on their side, Lambda Legal and other same-sex marriage supporters are ready for a drawn-out legal and cultural debate that is already taking place in state legislatures and local courts, Pizer said. The Obergefell ruling was momentous, but she, like Anderson, knows the marriage equality battle is not over.
"We learn from and honor the history of other civil rights movements," they said. "All you need to do is look around and know this work is never done."
This story was originally published in July of 2012.
Of all the skills required for a baseball career, no one ever mentions calligraphy.
And yet Toronto Blue Jays bench coach Don Wakamatsu has found a way to stand out from the field with their elegant handwriting.
Story continues below advertisement
The Blue Jays' lineup cards rendered by the 49-year-old former catcher are miniature works of art, transforming the list of each team's players posted on the dugout wall into an object of unlikely beauty.
When Toronto manager John Farrell needs to get a quick sense of their mid-game options, he'll walk over and study the names Mr. Wakamatsu has inscribed in Blue Jay blue.
"I think they appreciate it," Mr. Wakamatsu said. "Number one, it's legible. I've seen a lot of lineup cards that aren't."
Legibility is a characteristic of Mr. Wakamatsu's orderly Gothic script, derived from the official documents written by medieval scribes. Having seen many sloppy lineup cards, they know the advantage of clarity when it comes to baseball's managerial strategy – sorting out pinch-hitting possibilities or making a move based on which pitchers remain in the opponent's bullpen.
But for a man who had 31 at-bats in their brief big-league stint, the hand-crafted lettering also sends a message to the players whose names they inscribe so patiently: Small things matter.
"Calligraphy may have no bearing on winning a game. But it's about paying attention to detail, about taking time to get things right, about making sure you do everything you have to do."
Baseball is a hierarchical sport, and getting to the major leagues is the culmination of a step-by-step education in how to play the game the right way. Young players, many of them instant millionaires, don't always appreciate the old-school approach, which is where detail-oriented baseball traditionalists like Mr. Wakamatsu step in.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"You're always looking at something and asking, can we make it better, is it major-league standard?"
They first tried calligraphy after seeing the work of rival coach Jerry Narron, who even wrote the names of Japanese players in their own script. Mr. Wakamatsu themselves is of Japanese descent – their father was born in a wartime internment camp – and they trace their aesthetic sense back to their grandfather, who filled out crosswords with calligraphic flair.
Now their beautiful lineup cards are sold at auction or given to rookies to mark their debut or passed on to worthy opponents such as the Detroit Tigers' Justin Verlander, who pitched a no-hitter against the Jays.
Yet as a self-described "bootleg calligrapher" who lacks formal training, Mr. Wakamatsu is modest about their work.
"You get people who don't do calligraphy say, 'Man, that's beautiful,' but you're going, 'That's pretty sloppy.' So every day, you're trying to change a letter or two, improve upon it in some way."
They still find certain letters such as A and S difficult, and the tight format of lineup cards makes long names a challenge: As a coach in Texas, they had to summon all their skills when catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia was in the lineup. Inscribing the name of Blue Jays player Edwin Encarnacion is easy by comparison.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Wakamatsu can turn around a lineup card in less than half an hour, but even a calligrapher has to deal with baseball's daily pressures. They have to wait to for the opposing team's lineup before they can set to work, and some managers are notoriously tardy. Or they scratch a starting player just before game time, and they have to rewrite the card.
Their skills are also required for in-game changes. When a player on either side is substituted in the lineup, Mr. Wakamatsu walks over to their posted artwork, and makes the alterations with equal elegance.
"Writing on a wall is not the easiest way to do this," they said. "And the hard thing is, writing during the game, you can't afford to be missing what's happening on the field because you're doing calligraphy."
Assen runner-up Danilo Petrucci says they will make a decision on their future during the upcoming summer break after asking Ducati and Aprilia for time to mull over their options.
The Italian rider pushed Valentino Rossi all the way in the Dutch TT at Assen as they finished second by only 0.063s on the Pramac Ducati for their second rostrum in three races, with Petrucci also breaking into the top three on home soil at Mugello.
The 26-year-old is in talks with Ducati and Aprilia for 2018 but wants to wait until after the German Grand Prix at the Sachsenring before making a commitment.
"There are a lot of words in this time but I ask everything, Ducati and Aprilia and everyone, to wait these races because I have to concentrate," they said.
"I want to be fast in these two races and then during the holiday I am more relaxed and I can think about the future but not at this time. I'm doing a good championship so it's OK in this way at this moment."
While Ugandan President Museveni accuses the United States of trying to import social imperialism into Uganda by defending homosexual rights, who do you think is behind some of the anti-gay hysteria in Uganda right now?
A group of evangelical Christians from that very same hotbed of social imperialism: the United States of America.
Museveni on Monday signed into law a bill that toughens penalties against gay people and defines some homosexual acts as crimes punishable by life in prison.
Roger Ross Williams belonged to an organization called International House of Prayer in Missouri, whose missionary zeal fell on gays in Uganda. They decided to make a film about what they learned called “God Loves Uganda.”
Someone like evangelist Scott Lively is “an extremist in America,” Williams said, “but when they go to Uganda they get taken seriously because of what they represent.”
“He's an American evangelical, and what an American represents in a place like Uganda – it represents power and wealth.”
“So they go to Uganda and they can command the president, they can command the parliament for five hours. They did a three-day conference, where they told everyone about the threat of homosexuality, that they were there to recruit their children.”
“And that's what really sort of started this whole bill on its, where it is now, today, this sort of tragic day.”
Click above to watch Amanpour's full conversation with Williams.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The makers of a twice-rejected pill designed to boost female libido are resubmitting their drug to federal health regulators, following a recent lobbying blitz by politicians, women's groups and consumer advocates aimed at pushing it onto the market.
Sprout Pharmaceuticals said Tuesday it is refiling its application for the drug, flibanserin, adding new information requested by the Food and Drug Administration about how the pill affects driving ability. FDA scientists requested that data after their most recent rejection of the drug, in part, due to results showing nearly 10 percent of women in company trials reported sleepiness as a side effect. The company studied women's driving ability the morning after taking flibanserin compared with women taking placebo and a common sleeping pill.
If approved, Sprout's daily pill would be the first drug for women who report a lack of sexual desire, a market that drugmakers have been trying to tap since the blockbuster success of Viagra for men in the late 1990s. But the drug has already faced a long, winding review at the FDA because of lackluster effectiveness and side effects including fatigue, dizziness and nausea.
In an effort to break the regulatory logjam, groups sponsored by Sprout and other drugmakers have begun publicizing the lack of a "female Viagra" as a women's rights issue.
"Women deserve equal treatment when it comes to sex," states an online petition to the FDA organized by one such group, Even the Score, which garnered almost 25,000 supporters. The group's corporate backers include Sprout Pharmaceuticals, Palatin Technologies and Trimel Pharmaceuticals — all companies developing drugs to treat female sexual disorders. A spokesperson for Blue Engine Media, the public relations group for Even the Score, declined to disclose how much of the group's funding comes from companies. The group's nonprofit supporters include the Women's Health Foundation, the Institute for Sexual Medicines and other organizations.
The FDA first rejected flibanserin in 2010 after a panel of expert advisers unanimously voted against the drug, saying its benefits did not outweigh its risks. The drug's initial developer, Boehringer Ingelheim, abandoned work on the drug in 2011 and sold it to Sprout, a startup headed by a husband-and-wife team from Raleigh, North Carolina.
Sprout resubmitted the drug with additional effectiveness and safety data, but the FDA again rejected the drug in October 2013. After Sprout filed a formal dispute over the decision, FDA regulators requested the driving study and other details on the drug's interactions with other medications.
As Sprout gathered that data, the company also enlisted support from influential allies in Washington and beyond. Last January four members of Congress, including Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Florida, sent a letter to the FDA, urging a careful reassessment of the drug and lamenting the lack of drug options for low female libido.
"There are 24 approved medical treatments for male sexual dysfunction and not one single treatment yet approved for the most common form of female sexual dysfunction," states the letter, which was also signed by Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-New York, and two other Democratic members of congress.
The talking point about the imbalance of drugs for men versus women was picked up by a coalition of seven women's and consumer health groups who met with the FDA early last year.
"We see this not only as an important unmet women's health issue, but an inflection point for the agency to ensure that similar standards are applied for drug approvals in conditions uniquely affecting women," states a follow-up letter to the agency from leaders of the National Organization for Women, the National Consumers League and four other groups.
Then last October the FDA held a two-day meeting at its headquarters to get public input on the problem of female sexual dysfunction and the challenge of developing treatments.
If approved, flibanserin would be labeled for premenopausal women with hypoactive sexual desire disorder, described as a lack of sexual appetite that causes emotional distress. Because so many factors affect female sexual appetite, there are a number of other possible causes doctors must rule out before diagnosing the condition, including relationship problems, hormone disorders, depression and mood issues caused by other drugs like sleeping aids and pain medications.
Sprout and other drugmakers frequently cite a 1999 survey in the Journal of the American Medical Association that found 43 percent of U.S. women had some type of sexual dysfunction.
While earlier female libido drugs worked on hormone levels, flibanserin is the first attempt to increase sexual desire by acting on brain chemicals linked to appetite and mood.
The Good
I think it can sometimes be hard to read these books and critique them objectively because there's this feeling that resonates when you read it where you ask yourself whether or not it's right for you to enjoy the comic for what it is -- completely detached from the previous incarnation of these characters and the writings of Alan Moore. If you are able to look at the book objectively for what it is -- an extension of a story based on one of the greatest graphic novels of all time -- and if you can do that without comparing the two portrayals, you'll find that BEFORE WATCHMEN: NITE OWL #2 isn't a bad comic. For what it is, it's actually pretty good.
The first issue was pretty self explanatory and served as an introduction to the "new" Nite Owl. They teamed up Rorschach established an "Owl Cave," and so on. A lot of what we saw had previously been established by Alan Moore. It's here, in the second issue of the series, that it feels like Straczynski is finally flexing their talent a little bit. He's taking liberties. He's still inspired by what has already been established by Moore, but he's expounding on the relationship, interaction and the identities of both Nite Owl and Rorschach. To their credit, he's written a pretty decent issue #2. What stood out the most to me was the interaction between the two characters. The way they compliment one another, even though they are complete opposites; I think J. Michael managed to capture a little bit of that magic. They portray Rorschach as having these hard line conviction about women, promiscuity and our society, and each time J. Michael makes a statement about Rorschach's convictions, they give us a flashback to when Rorschach is a child; reminding the reader where these deep seeded sentiments came from. They draw an interesting parallel between Rorschach and Nite Owl by reinforcing the Mothers of both characters. Neither one of these men had easy childhoods, and both witnessed the physical and emotional and mental abuse of their Mothers. And although both have that in common, their perspectives on life and society is completely different, even if their "end" is essentially very similar.
It's written because you are given that comparison and that contrast, and it is reinforced with the flashbacks that lead to a better understanding of whom these characters are and why they think the way they think. Both want to dramatically change the way society works and the way things are, but both have incredibly contrasting points of view.
I did enjoy the art in this issue, but I'm a big fan of both Andy and Joe Kubert. I think they are both incredibly talented comic book artists, and I do think they were right for this issue.
The Bad
Some of the dialogue, particularly between a young Nite Owl and their Mother was relatively irksome. There was a certain level of disconnect between the two characters. The dialogue just wasn't believable in some respects.
I also really have a problem with there being a CRIMSON CORSAIR backup in these books. I think it's one thing to say okay, we're going to dissect and tell more stories about the Watchmen characters because we feel there is more to tell. But it doesn't feel like it's necessary to say anything else about the Crimson Corsair backup story. That story felt complete already. I get that some will make the same argument for the Watchmen characters as well, but there's something very different about the two. Perhaps because NITE OWL is already connected with the other books, serving this up as a backup just feels unnecessary.
The Verdict
This is not a bad story. I think the way it's structured is interesting. The constant parallels presented by the created team. The comparisons made between the two central characters -- all these things help tell a good story. Couple that with some great art by the fantastic Kubert brothers, and you have a decent book and overall, a good story. If you're not married to the idea that the Watchmen characters should never be tampered with, you may actually get something out of this series.
Hard-pressed Americans are understandably concerned about rising gasoline prices. Republicans predictably are trying to use that anxiety to promote their drill-anywhere-and-everywhere agenda. At their press conference on Friday, President Obama wisely chose not to pander to the appetite for quick or destructive fixes.
They resisted calls to tap the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, saying they would do so only when oil supplies were genuinely threatened. They delivered instead a measured tutorial on this country's need to make itself less dependent on foreign oil, while reminding Americans that a nation that consumes one-quarter of the world's oil while owning 2 percent of its reserves cannot drill its way to energy independence.
This is what leaders do — seize a moment when something like a spike in prices at the pump has grabbed public attention and use it to instruct on larger issues, in this case the need for a saner energy policy and a cleaner energy future. Mr. Obama is good at that.
But there is another thing that leaders do, and that is to push and pull and knock heads and do whatever else is required to make sure those goals are achieved. And on this score, Mr. Obama often falls short, especially on important energy issues.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Case in point: the climate debate last year, which they framed beautifully in their speeches but then tiptoed away from. A few outgunned senators were left to try to get an actual bill passed and, unfortunately, failed.
Op-ed: Religiously Backed or Not, 'Conversion' Therapy Is Child Abuse
There is such a thing as “junk science” and there is such a thing as “junk religion.” When the two converge, the result can be not just disastrous but deadly. A prime example of this confluence is so-called conversion or “reparative” therapy; the attempt to “reorient” sexual or gender identity, especially in children.
Recently, when the White House announced its opposition to this practice, President Obama, Valerie Jarrett, and Amanda Simpson, the first openly transgender presidential appointee, spoke movingly about the severe damage that this “treatment” has done to LGBT youth. They told tragic and all-too-familiar stories of people like Leelah Alcorn, who was driven to depression, anxiety, and suicide when forced to undergo conversion therapy. These types of treatment are not only ineffective but harmful to LGBT youth, as countless studies have shown. Less often discussed — and more my concern — is the role of some of America's faith communities in causing this damage.
As the attempts to change children's sexual orientation or gender identity have been abandoned in medical and psychiatric circles, purveyors of this false treatment have cloaked themselves in the guise of religion. Whether these providers are religious leaders or counselors with secular credentials, they use religious identity, religious language, and connections to religious communities to peddle their services. Vulnerable families of faith, who have been taught to reject differences in identity, grasp at the straws held out by these purveyors of pseudo-science and pseudo-faith. At its core, conversion therapy has become religiously sanctioned child abuse.
There are faith traditions that have strongly held beliefs that homosexuality is a sin. The implications for LGBT believers in those traditions are obviously heartbreaking. My own denomination, like many others, has embraced equality for the LGBT community, following a generation of activism by courageous people unwilling to give up either their faith or their sexuality. The freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution demand my respect for those who disagree.
What we can't allow is for belief to translate into dangerous practices that put lives at risk. Faith leaders who cling to discredited notions about the origins of sexual identity nevertheless have a role to play in ensuring that their sacred traditions are not co-opted to justify abuse; there is no verse in any Scripture that endorses this bogus therapy. In the end it is our children who have been hurt most when communities are complicit in validating ignorance and bigotry.
Demanding an end to conversion therapy — and, more importantly, denying its supporters the cover of religion — is an important way for religious communities and families to begin to heal. Each community will need to find its own path to understanding. Finding inspiration within each faith tradition to accept the wholeness of our children and their identities, to love them as they were created, and to find the presence of the divine in who they grow up to be is a struggle worth having.
Communities that have been the sites of pain and disempowerment for too many of our brothers and sisters must now be centers of affirmation and inclusion for all. An important first step on the road to inclusivity is to end conversion therapy. This work is not solely about healing; it is vital to our broader struggle to define and defend religious freedom in America.
We who champion genuine religious freedom have long understood the need to distinguish between science — which addresses how things work — and religious faith, which asks why things exist. These distinctions are challenged time and time again: in the debate around teaching creationism in science classes, religious objections to sex education, or the theological patina given to climate change denial. Our government has twin obligations in these instances. It has the responsibility to regulate and interrogate science and scientific research, and it is constitutionally proscribed from challenging or policing religious belief.
Conversion therapy is not constitutionally protected precisely because it fails government's first responsibility.
Defenders of genuine religious freedom reject attempts to weaponize the First Amendment — that is to turn religion into a tool used to deny the rights, freedoms, and identities of others. We reject the notion that an employer's religious beliefs supersede an employee's right to health care access. We disaffirm that a store owner's religion counteracts the right of customers to access public accommodations. We disavow that the religious ideology of one citizen can invalidate the legal recognition of another's relationship. Others disagree.
But in the case of conversion therapy, the solution looks relatively simple. We cannot possibly defend the use of religious ideology to attack, delegitimize, and seek to change the identities of young people as an act of religious freedom. Here, there must be a bright line.
There is profound instruction for those of us striving to better understand religious freedom through this struggle. It is a lesson about how we all must live in a world in which our beliefs will be challenged, sometimes by the children we dearly love. It is a lesson in how not to fear that others' identities, desires, and choices are not ours to challenge or control. It has always been this way and it will always be this way; protecting true religious freedom will better guarantee a faithful outcome.President Obama has set a lofty but achievable goal. We should abolish conversion therapy in America. I am confident that one day soon we will. But the work to repair our religious communities, to dispel the aura of religion from these abusive practices, and to make stronger our argument for religious freedom can begin right now. For people of faith, this struggle is every bit as much about banishing this convergence of junk science and junk religion from our communities as it is about banishing it from our laws.RABBI JACK MOLINE is the executive director of Interfaith Alliance , a group that promotes religion and democracy and challenges extremism.
TORONTO HUSKIES AVAILABLE AT THE RAPTORS STORE NOW The rise of the North has been steady, but our basketball roots run much deeper. Hosting the inaugural game of what would eventually become the NBA, The Toronto Huskies were the original outsiders, and this season – the 70th anniversary of that team – we honour their legacy… and what it has become.
VIEW GALLERY
HUSKIES NIGHTS Saturday Nov 12 vs. Wednesday Feb. 15 vs. Thursday Dec 8 vs. Tuesday Mar. 21 vs. Tuesday Jan 10 vs. Friday Apr 7 vs.
CHINESE NEW YEAR The Raptors will be one of three teams to launch a Chinese New Year Jersey for the 2016-17 Season. For information on the inspiration behind the jersey click the View Gallery button below.
VIEW GALLERY INFORMATION ON AVAILABILITY COMING SOON
Sunday's clash between the teams ranked 2nd and 4th in the Premier League has the potential to be a symbolic changing of the guard for Spurs' young and vibrant squad
COMMENT
HARDER, FASTER, STRONGER
Commanders!
We'll be having a maintenance for some updates.
Please close the game to safely save your game-play progress before the maintenance starts.
■ Maintenance Schedule: 17 Jul (Mon) 23:55 ~ 18 Jul 05:00 (UTC+9)
※ Please note that any contents in the update and maintenance end-time will be subject to change under circumstances.
※ Should there be any changes made, we will keep you updated through edits on this post, so please refer to this notice time to time.
■ Patch Notes
1. Cruise Hall
- Pilot Lisa Silverstone will be active in the Cruise Hall (VIP Shop) until 24 Jul before maintenance begins.
2. Floating Shop
- Liu Xiaoi Kellan Brown Shin Eugene and Ena will be active in the Floating Shop until 24 Jul before maintenance begins.
3. Maximum Level Cap has been raised
- Level 89 -> Level 92
4. Additional stages in achievements
- Level up achievements
5. New Costumes have been added : Swimsuits
- Ramda
- Lily Fischer
- Ena
- Jiang Lun mei
- Kellan Brown
6. New Collection has been added
- New 5 types of Swimsuits
7. Loading Screen has been updated.
- New Swimsuit illustrations
8. Federation Boss stage 2 skill have been updated.
- Stun effect in Federation Boss has been deleted
- 3rd stage stun rates do not roll back and will stay as-is permanently
9. Illustrations for some pilots have been updated.
- Jung E-young's hair color has been changed back to default when wearing following costumes : [Goddess of Tennis] [R&R Time!] [Girl of the Blue Sea]
- Problem with a ribbon appearing on Velen Pataky's default costume in defeat scene has been updated
- Problem with Karen Vergara's star shaped deco disappearing has been updated
10. New Carnival events
Thank you
Slovakia will send 25 police officers to help Macedonia guard the Balkan country's borders strained by migrants flooding to the European Union, Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Tuesday.
More than 1 million refugees and migrants came to the European Union by land or sea in 2015, the International Organization for Migration said in December.
Many of those fleeing conflict and poverty in the Middle East and Africa have arrived via Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, Hungary or Croatia. More are still pouring into Greece daily by the thousands.
The Slovak government, which will next week approve sending the police officers to Macedonia from February, is also likely extend a 20-person mission to Slovenia, Fico told reporters. Slovakia has already sent 50 police officers to Hungary.
“We are ready to help other countries on a bilateral level or as part of international cooperation,” Fico said.
“We are worried what will happen in the first spring months, (when) if the U.N. estimates are right the influx of migrants will be bigger than we have seen so far,” they added.
EU members have struggled to agree on a strategy to tackle the migrant crisis. Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic all opposed a plan for mandatory national quotas to share out 120,000 asylum seekers among the bloc's 28 member states.
Slovakia and Hungary have also challenged the plan in court. (nL8N13R1YD)
Slovakia, which is due to take in 802 migrants under the scheme, argues it has no power to keep migrants in if they wish to move on to Germany and other richer EU member states.
It only received 169 asylum requests last year.
From Reuters
Success can mean different things to different people: getting what you want; wanting what you get; “stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm” (Winston Churchill); a life well lived and loved; a life that you can be proud to have lived. The important thing is to define what success means to you. If you can't quite answer that question, if all you have is a rudimentary mass of ideas about what it will take for you to be successful, each of these five videos will have something to offer you.
Success is a Continuous Journey, by Richard St. John
In this video, bestselling author Richard St.John emphasises that success is a continuous journey: you have to continue being successful. They illustrate their premise by sharing the story of their business's rise to success and then to failure to teach us that when we stop trying, we fail. As Winston Churchill famously opined, “success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” St John spent a decade researching the subject of success and wrote their seminal book: “The 8 Traits Successful People Have in Common" using the results of their research – you can also watch the video below.
The 8 Secrets of Success by, Richard St John
In this TED talk, Richard St John answers the question of why some people succeed, whereas others don't. Is it because they're smarter than others? Is it to do with luck? St Johns compresses a decade's worth of their research on success into this presentation.
The Difference Between Winning and Succeeding, by John Wooden
“Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best you are capable of becoming.” – John Wooden
With attractive and engaging simplicity, Coach John Wooden (he's a high-profile basketball coach) calls for a redefining of success, calling on us to instead pursue the very best in ourselves. Packed with insight and wisdom, they also share the advice they impart to their players at UCLA and even quotes poetry.
Perspective is Everything, by Roy Sutherland
“The power of reframing things cannot be overstated.” Roy Sutherland
British “advertising guru”, “wiki man” and vice chairperson of Ogilvy Group, Roy Sutherland, believes that it isn't the circumstances of our lives that matters most, but how we see them. In a witty and engaging talk (with the odd expletive thrown in), they make a highly convincing, eloquent case for how reframing is the key to success. Their talk is humorous too (“If you're an upper middle class English person you call unemployment ‘a year off"), replete with insights about the power of reframing in changing the way we interpret success.
Embrace the near win, by Sarah Lewis
“The near win is inbuilt to mastery.” Sarah Lewis
Art historian, curator and critic Sarah Lewis has served on Obama's National Arts Policy Committee and is widely regarded as a powerful and influential voice on the relationships between culture, history and identity. Them first book, The Rise, looks at the idea of failure and its essential role in success.
In this TED talk, they put forward a compelling case for “embracing the near win”, which they say can “propel us on our ongoing quest”.
Which are your favourite TED talks on success? Add them to the comments box below.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (WJZ) — A major blow for a father trying to clear their son's name. The suspension for a seven-year-old boy has been upheld after they chewed their breakfast pastry into a gun.
The story stirred up controversy nationwide, WJZ's Rick Ritter explains, while their parents demanded the suspension be taken off their record.
“It was blue and it was a rectangular one, a cherry one,” Josh Welch said.
It's the world's most controversial pastry — one that ripped through national headlines.
“It wasn't a big deal to him. They figured it could go bang bang and they were just playing around,” their father, B.J. Welch, said.
In March of 2013, second grader Joshua Welch chewed their breakfast pastry into the shape of a gun and pretended to fire it. Park Elementary School suspended them for two days, leaving their parents outraged.
“I don't see a reason for it to be there, and that's been my goal since day one,” their father said.
After a three year battle, an Anne Arundel County circuit court judge has ruled the boy's actions were disruptive and that a suspension was appropriate.
“No violence, no real weapon, no ammunition,” the family's attorney, Robin Ficker, said.
Ficker says there is no reason why the school shouldn't just reverse the suspension.
“It will be on their record in school and every time they go into a new grade. There's a presumption they did something wrong and he's a bad kid,” said Ficker.
Officials with Anne Arundel County Schools have always said Josh's behavior wasn't a one-time deal. They say there were 20 documented incidents before they were even suspended.
They released a statement, saying in part: “We have believed from the outset that the actions of the school staff were not only appropriate and consistent, but in the best interests of all students.”
Ficker says their next move is to appeal, and even though the school continues to hold its ground, they will keep firing away.
“There's a way to go through a stone wall if you keep pressing and are persistent,” said Ficker.
Ficker says they have represented other children before in similar cases, and claims their suspensions were lifted.
Ficker says they will be appealing to the Court of Special Appeals.
Guest post by Dr Chris Edwards of EMJourney recounts their time as a remote retrieval registrar based in Alice Springs – @ EMtraveller
I've had the privilege to work as a Retrieval Registrar for the Alice Springs Hospital Retrieval Service in Central Australia for the last 6 months. How to describe it – words that spring to mind include:
Challenging (unlike many other retrieval jobs, you often are intimately involved in the logistics planning)
(unlike many other retrieval jobs, you often are intimately involved in the logistics planning) Satisfying (providing ICU level care to the most remote parts of Australia)
(providing ICU level care to the most remote parts of Australia) Scary (providing ICU level care to the most remote parts of Australia!)
(providing ICU level care to the most remote parts of Australia!) Clinical character forming (Brown underpants occasionally needed)
(Brown underpants occasionally needed) Interesting (When a potassium > 7 and severe rheumatic heart disease no longer turns your head)
(When a potassium > 7 and severe rheumatic heart disease no longer turns your head) Scenic (people pay money to see Uluru from the air, I get paid)
The Central Australian Retrieval service retrieves patients mainly by fixed wing aircraft over a catchment area of 1.6 million square km. We also perform inter-hospital transfers to Adelaide and Darwin (that's 3.5 hours, one way, either way!) Let me try to put the sheer size of our catchment area and distance from our tertiary referral centres into perspective…
Here is Australia, our tertiary referral centres and our catchment area roughly outlined…
+ Here is a map of Australia overlaid on the USA
+ Here is a map of Australia overlaid on Europe
I think you get the idea – this is a huge catchment area! With one other small hospital in Tennant Creek, the rest of our primary retrievals are to remote health clinics, staffed by RANs (Remote Area Nurses).
In our primary retrieval we don't have sub-specialty retrieval teams so we do it all, although we do occasionally take a paediatrician with us. Common conditions, mostly from our indigenous population but occasionally a grey nomad or overly adventurous backpacker, include:
Trauma (usually penetrating or MVA)
(usually penetrating or MVA) Sepsis (and sometimes overwhelming septic shock)
(and sometimes overwhelming septic shock) Snake bites/stick bites
Renal disease – Missed dialysis with APO and/or hyperkalaemia
– Missed dialysis with APO and/or hyperkalaemia Threatened/established/imminent/delivered labours at term/pre-term (I mentioned the brown underpants right?)
(I mentioned the brown underpants right?) Paediatrics – URTIs, LRTIs, infected scabies, post-streptococcal glomerulonephritis
Mostly our patient population is young, less than 50 years old – I haven't retrieved a single NOF fracture since I got here!
Then there's the inter-hospital retrievals; Mostly to Adelaide, we take intubated patients on inotropes, trauma patients with chest drains and vacmat with spinal precautions, recently lysed STEMIs, including failed thrombolysis with ongoing arrhythmia for rescue PCI (52 shocks is my current record); I've even taken two patients so far with intra-cranial bleeds and extra-ventricular drains (first time I had even seen one).
Equipment and Staff
The plane we use is the Pilatus PC-12, a single-engine turboprop made by the Swiss. It has a cruising speed of approximately 500km/hr and a maximum service ceiling of 30,000ft with cabin pressurization of <8000ft. We operate with a single pilot and flight nurse. The passenger cabin is modified to carry two stretchers and 3 seats. The plane also comes with a hydraulic stretcher loader in the rear exit – maximum load of 182kg. The PC-12 is ideal for our environment – it can land on shorter strips and can be flown with only one pilot – keeping our take-off and landing weights down
On the plane, we carry the doctor's bag, which contains central lines, arterial lines, fast trach intubating LMAs, rapid infusion catheters, EZ-IO, scalpels, bougies and other useful gear. We also have onboard a standalone intubation kit, cannulation kit, equipment for infusions, syringe drivers, pump sets, a full cold and warm drug box, an Oxylog 3000, a Zoll X-series monitor/defibrillator/pacer and of course the most important – coffee/tea bag. Additional equipment we can carry includes a maternity pack, trauma pack, neonatal pack, a vacmat, a humidicrib, paediatric ventilator, surfactant, a Sonosite M-Turbo and 2-4 units of packed RBCs.
Our Flight Nurses are the backbone of the clinical service. Trained in both critical care and midwifery they have a broad skill set and a lot of experience. They have invaluable clinical and logistical knowledge and when it comes to obstetric cases, my general approach is to ‘Remain Above The Navel' and do what I'm told!
The Retrieval Doctors have a varied background – some are Rural and Remote Medicine trained, some are budding intensivists, but the majority are Emergency trainees. What we all need to have in common is the ability to be flexible and manage a difficult airway or an unstable patient on your own, supported by the FACEM in ED and Retrieval specialists.
Typical Day
No such thing as a typical day in this job. You might be heading to Adelaide with an ICU patient – if you do, that's your whole day, because it's a 3 hour one way trip. If you aren't tasked to an inter-hospital transfer, at some point you will likely get an SMS from RFDS operations with a job. You check the email system and read the clinical information – then you call the clinic and speak to the RAN – get the latest details, suggest management or procedures and try to get a feel of how sick the patient is and what equipment you might need to bring. Then it's a trip into the hospital if you aren't already there, grabbing your gear and driving or taking a taxi out to the RFDS hanger.
Once there you load up the plane and head off. Most of our retrieval locations are within 1 hour's flight from Alice Springs, with a few outliers like Elliot and Kiwirrkurra taking 2 hours. Flight time will usually include discussing the plan with your flight nurse and finding out any logistical challenges from your pilot (eg. Day strip only, weights permissible, pilot hours remaining).
Occasionally you may instead be tasked to go to a cattle station, roadhouse or the side of the road but in most cases you will be going to a clinic in a remote community. When you arrive, someone will meet you in a car to take you and your gear to the clinic. The clinics vary in size and equipment but most will have at least a small ‘Emergency' room.
It's hard to really describe accurately the first time you arrive at a remote community clinic. I remember being surprised by all the dogs (and the occasional donkey and camel) and the hurried advice from the flight nurse not to try and pet them. I remember the flies being everywhere (we carry mortein in the plane) and I remember the crowd that greeted us, largely children ages 5-12, mostly with crusty noses and curious smiles and scattered amongst them would be one or two proud elders. I even remember one time where I heard a commotion outside the clinic and popped my head outside to see several children beating a snake with a water bottle, right near where we would be loading the stretcher…
So, at the clinic, you assess your patient(s), perform therapy as necessary and package for transfer. It's important in this job to not spend unnecessary time on the ground – because you, the plane and the crew are an important resource for a large area of Australia. Once you are ready, you load your patient into the ‘Troopy'.
The Toyota Land Cruiser 70 Troop Carrier, affectionally known as a ‘Troopy' is the ubiquitous remote area 4wd transport all over the globe. In Central Australia they have been modified to carry one or two stretchers. Having ridden in the back of many of them now, I can definitely say that they are a bumpy ride, but they're very reliable and spare parts are easy to get.
‘Troopy' ambulance
After arriving at the plane, you load the patient, with or without an escort and head back to Alice Springs – unless another job comes through whilst you are in the air and nearby!
What is it like to live in Alice Springs
Alice Springs is great. Many of the junior hospital staff are on temporary placements as well – young trainees keen to explore the area. From social nights at the local pubs (Monte's being the most popular), to bike rides, local hikes and camping trips. The mountain biking and trail running is truly world class with several professional class races held here and the rock climbing hides some real gems and capacity for endless new development.
Within 4 hours driving there are a host of great hiking and camping spots, many with large permanent water holes (some locals have canoes!)– Ormiston Gorge, Palm Valley, Kings Canyon and of course you can't miss out on a trip to Uluru and you can take a plane there or drive.
Local events are varied and the peak season for events and tourists is in Winter. There's the Finke Desert Race (which I was involved with as a medical officer at Finke), the Beanie Festival, Wide Open Spaces, the typically Territorian Henley on Todd, the Alice Springs Show, Territory Day (the one day of the year you get to buy and use fireworks) and the Camel Races.
Sounds exciting? Well I had a blast. It was a challenging job and I think it begins shaping you as a future consultant. The friends I made and the adventures I had were all great experiences. I urge anyone who might be interested to consider a 6 month rotation up here as a Retrieval Registrar – you'll get a lot out of it!
The Ohio legislature passed a restrictive abortion bill Wednesday, a measure similar to an Indiana law struck down by a federal judge nearly three months ago. Governor John Kasich (R) has ten days to consider the bill once it's delivered to their office. If they do not veto the bill, it will be the 19th repressive reproductive health law passed while Kasich serves as governor.
The bill outlaws abortion if a person seeks the procedure due to or in part because of a diagnosis of fetal Down syndrome, a genetic disorder that causes development delays. If doctors perform abortion under these circumstances, they could lose medical license and face felony charges — like a $5,000 fine and 18-month prison sentence.
Opponents of the bill say it could lead to people withholding information to doctors and jeopardizes holistic medical care.
“Families have many reasons for making the decision that they do,” said Alexa Kolbi-Molinas, American Civil Liberties (ACLU) Union Staff Attorney. “I don't know how it will work — that's not how real life works. You can see how difficult it will make it for some women and families to impose this rigid rule [to] a complex decision.”
Advertisement
In 2015, Kasich told CNN they would pass a bill that outlawed abortion in Down syndrome cases. If Wednesday's bill becomes law, it doesn't take effect for 90 days. But it likely won't survive legal challenges.
ACLU successfully challenged a similar Indiana law in September. The bill signed into law by former Governor Mike Pence (R) banned patients from seeking abortion due to a fetal Down syndrome diagnosis or other medical disabilities. The federal judge ultimately concluded that “it is clear and undisputed that unless Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood of Se. Pa. v. Casey are overturned by the United States Supreme Court, this Court is bound to follow that precedent.”
“In terms of the legal argument, you make the same argument on why it's unconstitutional,” said Kolbi-Molinas. They told ThinkProgress that if the Ohio bill becomes law, “legal action is an option — it's on the table.”
In 2013, North Dakota passed a bill that outlawed abortion due to fetal anomalies. This bill was passed alongside a more restrictive abortion bill, which banned the procedure as early as six weeks. When the bills became law, they were challenged in court. While a federal judge blocked the six week abortion ban, the plaintiffs that challenged the disability ban withdrew the claims; a court never considered the provision on its legal merits.
Advertisement
Wednesday's news comes as the Ohio legislature is also considering HB 258, a so-called heartbeat bill that which would ban abortion after a fetal heartbeat can be detected — roughly six weeks after conception (and before many people know they are pregnant). Kasich vetoed a similar bill last December.
According to NPR, “neither the National Down Syndrome Society nor the National Down Syndrome Congress have taken a position on the Ohio bill.”
Leesha Thrower, a Cincinnati mother with a six-year-old daughter with Down syndrome, has. They believe this bill is pitting marginalized communities against one another.
“I think my daughter and friends are being used as pawns in a political game. It's not about them, it's about reproductive rights,” Thrower told ThinkProgress.
Through the Down Syndrome Association of Greater Cincinnati, Thrower meets with people who have a prenatal diagnosis of Down Syndrome. She'll bring their daughter, and “talk about their successes and be real about the challenges.” She'll answer any questions people have, but they won't ask whether they'll terminate the pregnancy. “If they choose to, that's their legal right to do so,” they said. “I love my daughter, and I am pro-choice.”
The Book “Feminism Is For Everybody” Confirms That Feminism Is Not For Everybody
A friend of mine recently challenged me to read the book Feminism Is For Everybody by Bell Hooks. They told me that, as a gender studies major, they found the pop culture version of feminism to be very different from the academic feminism they were studying, and said that if I wanted to talk about feminism, I needed to read major feminist writing.
Since I actually enjoy listening to friends and authors I disagree with, I told them I'd read the book with an open mind. While Feminism Is For Everybody didn't make me a feminist, it did show what's wrong with feminism, and how to fix it.
What Does the Book Say?
In the introduction, Bell Hooks states this book is specifically intended to convince men, who “have no idea what it is feminists want” and are only familiar with feminism through “patriarchal mass media” that “they would find in feminist movement the hope of their own release from the bondage of patriarchy.” In other words, if you read ROK, you're their target audience.
Hook defines feminism as “A movement to end sexism, sexist exploitation, and oppression” and considers patriarchy synonymous with domination. By defining patriarchy as a system of domination, rather than a division of social roles intended for mutual benefit, Hooks creates a straw man that equates patriarchy with oppression.
Them writing often delves into broad generalizations without any examples or definitions. For example:
Males as a group have and do benefit the most from patriarchy, from the assumption that they are superior to females and should rule over us. But those benefits have come with a price. In return for all the goodies men receive from patriarchy, they are required to dominate women, to exploit and oppress us, using violence if they must keep patriarchy intact.
Hook doesn't define what “ruling over women” means, what “goodies men receive,” how men dominate women, or give any examples of actual violence committed to “keep patriarchy intact.” Them description is so vague, there's no way to verify or falsify any of the claims she's made. They give no facts of any kind and only a handful of anecdotes, making the majority of the book simply opinions they assert without evidence.
Where Bell Hooks becomes interesting is their critique of the feminist movement.
Are Feminists Anti-Male?
In their history of feminism, Hooks acknowledges “There was indeed a great deal of anti-male sentiment among early feminist activists,” since many came to the movement from physically abusive marriages. Despite this, Hooks argues that modern feminism is not anti-male, and the problem was that “conservative mass media constantly represented feminist women as man-haters.”
However, when talking about “anti-sexist men” joining the movement, they state:
Anti-male factions within the feminist movement resented the presence of anti-sexist men because their presence served to counter any insistence that all men are oppressors, or that all men hate women… They portrayed all men as the enemy in order to represent all women as victims.
Hooks's writing is full of contradictions. They say in the opening that men benefit from patriarchy, and then later states “men who are not rich and powerful” don't have much privilege and are discovering that patriarchy doesn't benefit them. Which is it?
Them aspirations for feminism frequently contradict the things feminists actually say and do:
When feminist movement was “hot,” radical lesbian activists constantly demanded that straight women reconsider their bonds with men, raising the question of whether or not it was possible for women to ever have a liberated heterosexual experience within a patriarchal context… Teaching one of my first women's studies courses in San Francisco I was confronted by a group of radical lesbian students who wanted to know why I was still “into” men. After class one day in the parking lot there was a showdown.
If a group of straight men had a “showdown” in the parking lot with their gay professor, asking them why they were still into men, we would call them homophobic. While Hooks tries to fight the image of feminists as angry lesbians, their few personal anecdotes illustrate a significant portion of the feminist movement is deeply heterophobic.
Loading...
Are Women The Primary Abusers?
“In a zealous effort to call attention to male violence against women reformist feminist thinkers still choose often to portray females as always and only victims. The fact that many violent attacks on children are perpetrated by women is not equally highlighted.”
One area I found myself agreeing with Hooks was their condemnation of child abuse perpetrated by women. Hooks's willingness to confront female violence is incredibly brave, even if they frame it with the absurd statement that this abuse only comes from the fact many women are “more patriarchal” than men.
Women are often the primary culprits in everyday violence against children… Maternal sadism often leads coercion of children must be seen as just as horrendous as male abuse… A serious gap in feminist thinking and practice has been the refusal of the movement to confront head-on adult female violence against children.
Hook states that the root of male violence is abuse, and shame received at the hands of the mother, because “abusive shaming lays the foundation for other forms of abuse.” As they illustrate in the best passage of the book:
Often I tell the story of being at a fancy dinner party where a woman is describing the way they discipline their young son by pinching them hard, clamping down on their little flesh for as long as it takes to control him. And how everyone applauded their willingness to be a disciplinarian. I shared the awareness that their behavior was abusive, that they were potentially planting the seeds for this male child to grow up and be abusive to women. Significantly, I told the audience of listeners that if we had heard a man telling us how they just clamps down on a woman's flesh, pinching them hard to control their behavior it would have been immediately acknowledged as abusive. Yet when a child is being hurt this form of negative domination is condoned. This is not an isolated incident – much more severe violence against children is enacted daily by mothers and fathers.
If women are the primary perpetrators of child abuse, and pass these patterns of abuse on to their children, the system of oppression Hooks opposes is actually matriarchal. It is a system perpetrated and passed down through bad mothers. Hook calls their own mother “the strongest patriarchal voice in my life,” and frequently hints at an incredibly unhappy and abusive childhood.
Is Family the Solution?
Since the need to dominate others originates from feelings of powerlessness in childhood, then the solution would be to make sure children are loved and accepted. What has feminism done to make sure boys grow up in happy homes?
Hooks themselves says, “No significant body of feminist literature has appeared that addresses boys.” Due to the influence of feminism, boys are frequently shamed simply for being masculine, drugged at young ages for wanting to play, and are falling behind women in school and work.
While Hooks advocates men playing an equal role in child rearing, most boys are now being raised in single-parent, or divorced homes, with most divorces initiated by women. Feminist policies have resulted in less involvement from fathers, and total matriarchal control of the household.
Hook seems uncomfortable with the idea of motherhood, saying “Female sexual freedom requires dependable, safe birth control… It evokes fear within me just to imagine a world where every time a female is sexual they risk being impregnated.” They criticize authors who suggest women can find happiness in making raising children their primary role. They project oppression onto men, even defining their own mother's abuse as masculine, so they can avoid truly confronting it, and continue to play out the pattern of powerlessness they learned as a child.
If women want a world without violence, they can raise one. Making sure children are loved and accepted would mean embracing the role of motherhood. It would mean taking the needs and feelings of boys seriously. It would mean choosing male partners interested in fatherhood, and giving them the support they need to remain in their children's lives. It would mean making the family, and the needs of children the most important organizing principle of society. If that sounds like patriarchy, then maybe patriarchy is for everybody.
Read More: Why We Need To Fight For The Patriarchy
Mataking Dive Resort
Mataking Dive Resort (The Reef Dive Resort) on Mataking Island is one of the most romantic and exclusive diving destinations in the area, after a 40 minute boat journey from Semporna on mainland Borneo you will arrive at Mataking Island and be greeted with pure white sandy beaches, tall palm trees, crystal clear waters and a cooling tropical sea breeze.
Mataking Dive Resort has been constructed with peach and tranquility in mind and offers a range of private villa's designed in traditional architecture offering elegant and exquisite accommodation for up to 100 guests. Accommodation choices include deluxe rooms, premier rooms, executive king chalets and the brand-new Beach chalet.
Mataking Dive Resort is the ultimate destination for divers and non-divers alike, Divers can gear up and explore amongst the many dive sites around the island including Hump Head Point, Eel Garden, Turtle Playground, Lobster Lair, Nudibranch Garden and Coral Garden.
Non-divers can enjoy being pampered at the Jamu Spa, take part in some batik painting, jungle trekking, canoeing or kayaking plus much, much more. Mataking really is the whole package, whether you're travelling as a family, a couple or just a group of friends, everyone will find activities they will enjoy at the Mataking Dive Resort.
One of the star attractions when diving at Mataking would have to be the fully functional Underwater Post Office, built on a wreck and the very first of its kind in Malaysia and one of only 5 worldwide. You can write a postcard from the resorts gift shop sealed in a waterproof postal wrap and a specially designed valid rubber stamp then dive down to Underwater Post Office to deposit your postcard into the box. Mail is collected twice weekly and can be delivered anywhere in the world. The sunken ship at the Underwater Post Office's location has become an artificial reef attracting many different species of rare and tropical reef fish.
The resort is quite far from Sipadan Island, day trips are available but can be quite expensive at around 1,200RM, so if you want to dive Sipadan we would recommend you stay at a resort closer like those on Mabul Island and Kapalai Island. If however you are looking for a vacation which includes diving but isn't all diving then you can look no further, the resort offers a larger range of activities than the resorts closer to Sipadan and is great for Families and Couples.
Facilities & Services
5 Beach Villas
8 Executive King Chalets
12 Premier deluxe rooms
12 Deluxe rooms
Jamu Spa & Jacuzzi
20m King's Watchtower
Simply Enak Restaurant
Coral Bar
Gekko Lounge Bar
Crowns Conference Hall
Nemo Business Centre
Mailing Service
Island Shop
Island Sound Studio
Island Underwater Imaging
Exotic Garden
PADI 5-Star Dive Centre & Sea Sports Centre
Beach Volley Ball & Beach Soccer
Activity Desk
Safekeeping Service
Telephone & Fax
Satellite TV
Underwarter Videography
First Aid & Emergency Kit
Wireless Broadband & Internet Connection (minimal charges, available at restaurant & reception only)
Prices Include
Airport Meeting Service, Return Land / Boat Transfer (Tawau Airport Semporna Jetty Mataking Island Semporna Jetty Tawau Airport)
Full board meals, free flow of coffee/tea and light snacks
Twin sharing accommodation at Mataking Island with air-conditioning
Fresh hot water shower and attached bathroom with private sundeck / balcony
Complimentary use of Jacuzzi
Diver Package includes 3 daily boat dives at Mataking / Pandanan / Bohayan / Kelapuan / Timba Timba / Pom Pom with experience guide provided
Unlimited shore buddy dives without guide
Tanks, weights / weight belt is provided
Prices Exclude
The year is rapidly coming to a close, which means the new crop of production motorcycles for 2015 is right around the corner. Although we've already ridden many of these new 2015 machines, such as the new Yamaha FJ-09, Kawasaki Versys 1000 LT, and the Ducati Scrambler, there are still numerous bikes that we have yet to ride. And of them, these are the 10 that Cycle World is most looking forward to riding in 2015. All, of course, in the name of good service to you, our loyal reader.
Kawasaki H2/H2R Kawasaki H2/H2R Cycle World
Without doubt, this supercharged machine—in track-only H2R form or as a street-legal H2 model—is at the top of our must-ride list. Simply put, no other production motorcycle is supercharged, and we absolutely need to feel the otherworldly accelerative effects of that chain- and gear-driven blower, which spins at 10 times the speed of the crankshaft and transforms this new-from-the-ground-up Kawasaki into a bona fide 200-plus-mph machine. A full suite of electronics will keep that front wheel on the pavement, while top-notch suspension and brakes will undoubtedly do their best to give these heavy H2s an agility that suitably complements their insane straight-line abilities. CW's Don Canet was the only North American motojournalist with an invite to the Ninja H2/H2R press introduction. RELATED: First Ride: 2015 Kawasaki Ninja H2 and H2R
Ducati 1299 Panigale S Ducati 1299 Panigale S Cycle World
This is the first production Ducati to crack the 200-horsepower barrier, thanks to a 1285cc Superquadro V-twin engine that produces 205 horses at 10,500 rpm and 106.7 pound-feet of torque at 8,750 rpm. While the stroke is identical to the 1199's, the bore of the 1299 has been increased to 116mm, which means the pistons now measure more than 4.5 inches across! Compared to the Panigale 1199, a bike we already love, the new 1299 has a half-degree less steering rake, for quicker response, and its swingarm pivot has been lowered 4mm for improved geometry with the drive sprocket. An 1199 is still available, but it's only sold as the race-ready Panigale 1199R model. CW's Road Test Editor Don Canet traveled to Portugal to ride Ducati's new 1299 Panigale S superbike. RELATED: First Ride: 2015 Ducati 1299 Panigale S
Yamaha YZF-R1 Yamaha YZF-R1 Cycle World
Yamaha knows how to build a superbike. Case in point: the all-new Yamaha YZF-R1, whose 998cc 4-cylinder engine is a technical marvel boasting a cross-plane crank, titanium connecting rods, big valves, higher 13.0:1 compression, and compact combustion chambers. Yamaha tells us this latest R1 was developed largely on the track, and parts such as its magnesium wheels, LED lights, and titanium exhaust prove that Yamaha has been serious about keeping weight in check. Fully fueled and ready to ride, the R1 tips the scales at a claimed 439 lb. The R1M, with Ohlins Electronic Racing Suspension, is also available, but Yamaha says fewer than 500 of these limited-edition models will be available. CW takes Yamaha's latest liter-class missile through the testing wringer in the real world of traffic and commuting. RELATED: Road Test: 2015 Yamaha YZF-R1
Honda RC213V-S 2016 Honda RC213V-S Cycle World
In our opinion, this Honda—effectively a street-legal version of Marc Marquez's V-4-powered MotoGP racebike revealed at the big EICMA motorcycle show last fall in Milan—was designed to steal attention away from the likes of the Kawasaki H2, Yamaha R1, and Ducati 1299 Panigale. Well, it worked. Although a serious lack of actual information about this RC213V-S means we're not totally convinced that Honda will actually build the bike, we really like what we see. Honda has a wonderful history with V-4s, and a seriously fast V-4 sportbike with a strong mechanical relationship to Marquez's MotoGP machine would be nothing short of a blast to ride. Honda's street-legal RC213V-S MotoGP racebike is unrivaled in refinement and is simply the best-handling sportbike in the world. RELATED: Track Test: 2016 Honda RC213V-S**
Ducati Multistrada 1200 S Ducati Multistrada 1200 S Cycle World
We already know the Multistrada pretty well, but the new 1200S for 2015 has something special up its sleeve: DVT. This stands for Desmodromic Variable Timing, and we're told it works wonders with the powerband of Ducati's 1198cc Testastretta V-twin. In short, by minimizing valve overlap at low rpm and by increasing it at higher rpm, the latest Multistrada has the best of all worlds: excellent low-end torque, broad midrange power, and a superior top end any time that ride-by-wire throttle is whacked and kept open. We're sure DVT makes for a fun ride, and the 2015 model has been enhanced by upgraded electronics and semi-active Sachs suspension, which is standard on the 1200S model. The new Multistrada 1200 sport-tourer is complicated, yes, but a seriously good ride aided by Desmodromic Variable Timing. RELATED: First Ride: 2015 Ducati Multistrada 1200
BMW S1000XR BMW S1000XR Cycle World
Why do we want to ride the new BMW S1000XR so badly? Easy: We all want to see how it compares to the R1200GS, the classic boxer-powered BMW that shines as a long-distance adventurer but can readily take to the dirt whenever necessary. The new S1000XR, on the other hand, is exclusively a pavement pounder, and it's powered by the potent inline-4 taken from the impressive S1000R streetbike. With its big windscreen, comfortably upright riding position, and advanced electronics suite, the S1000XR really does look like an excellent way of crossing the Alps, aided by the potent and smooth four-cylinder. But is it better than the big GS? That remains to be seen. CW's Blake Conner spent a day riding the S1000XR through pouring rain in northern Ontario, Canada. RELATED: FIRST RIDE: 2016 BMW S1000XR
Husqvarna 701 Supermoto Husqvarna 701 Supermoto Cycle World
KTM has big plans for Husky. It wants to see the historically Swedish marque become the number three motorcycle in all of Europe by 2019. Leading the way is the new 701 Supermoto, which Husky revealed at the EICMA show in Milan. If there ever was an example of fun on wheels, the 701 Supermoto is it. With its narrow chassis, KTM-based 690cc single-cylinder engine, big brakes, top-notch WP suspension, and grippy rubber, the 701 looks should be a delight around town, thanks to upright dirtbike-style ergonomics and a playful personality that will allow skilled riders to slide the back wheel into turns and then loft the front with every power-on exit. Look for the 701 Supermoto to arrive late this summer. The 701 Supermoto and 701 Enduro dual-sport bikes are new to Husky and a major step forward in the street market. RELATED: FIRST RIDE: 2016 Husqvarna 701 Supermoto & Enduro
KTM 1290 Super Adventure KTM 1290 Super Adventure Cycle World
As far as we're concerned, you could put KTM's 1301cc LC8 V-twin engine into any motorcycle and we'd love it. Which is why we can't wait to ride the new 1290 Super Adventure, an opulent Austrian dripping with standard equipment. In addition to cruise control and heated seats, the new 1290 Super Adventure has heated grips, a huge 7.9-gallon fuel tank, LED cornering lights, and a full suite of electronic aids that includes lean-sensitive ABS, traction control, and semi-active WP suspension. At a claimed 505 lb., the 1290 is not light, but it does have a hill-hold feature that keeps the bike from rolling back while stopped on a grade. Think of the new 1290 Super Adventure as a Ducati Multistrada fighter, but one with a fantastic engine. KTM's big new luxury 1290 ADV motorcycle can be whatever you want it to be. RELATED: FIRST RIDE: 2015 KTM 1290 Super Adventure
Suzuki GSX-S1000 Suzuki GSX-S1000 Cycle World
This is a 2016 model we expect to see in Suzuki dealers this summer. Essentially, this new Suzuki is a street roadster with the heart of the legendary GSX-R1000, but with camshafts tuned for better low and midrange response. Suzuki's idea was to make a powerful run-around street bike, one that has comfortable everyday ergonomics and full suite of electronics that enhances rider safety without stealing any of the fun. Three-mode traction control and ABS are standard on this machine, which has an all-new aluminum frame and servo-actuated exhaust valve that enhances combustion at low rpm. A comparison test with the Kawasaki Z1000 is in order as soon as we can get our hands on the new Suzook. New GSX-S Suzuki motorcycles, naked and faired, introduced for the upright-ergo crowd. RELATED: FIRST RIDE: 2016 Suzuki GSX-S1000 / GSX-S1000F
Harley-Davidson LiveWire Harley-Davidson LiveWire Cycle World
“[GOA's Larry] Pratt also contends that the U.N. has a terrible track record in protecting human life. They said the horrors in Rwanda are a perfect example of why the U.N. has no business deciding who should and should not have access to guns.” — WorldNetDaily, June 2013
When you're dealing with an adversary who hates the 2nd Amendment as much as Barack Obama, you have to fight attacks coming from several different directions.
We know we've thrown a lot at you lately. But there's one other issue we'd like to bring to your attention.
As you know, the Obama administration recently signed the virulently anti-gun UN Arms Trade Treaty (ATT).
Although purporting to regulate international trade in arms, the treaty empowers anti-gun administrations (such as Barack Obama's) to institute internal gun control, including gun bans, gun registration, and more. In fact, the drafters of the treaty made no secret of their goal of imposing measures such as microstamping on countries like the United States.
GOA's legislative counsel has done a word-by-word analysis of the treaty, which can be seen here. If left unchecked, the treaty language will give rise a wide ranging series of gun control restrictions, as mentioned above.
Plus, it is entirely possible that, under the Supreme Court cases of Missouri v. Holland and Reid v. Covert, Obama could implement these restrictions without further legislation. After all, we've already seen the President do an end-around Congress by issuing over 20 executive actions this year.
Gun owners will rightfully counter that the UN — or the Congress or President for that matter — has NO AUTHORITY to impose any of these gun restrictions upon us. And those gun owners would be absolutely correct!
But if the President begins illegally implementing the UN treaty “by executive fiat” — just as they have done through other executive actions — then good people will go to jail for resisting these efforts and will have to defend their rights in court for simply exercising rights that were given to them by God.
This is why we have to raise a holy fuss right now, and thankfully, there are efforts underway in the Senate to do just that.
Earlier this year, with our support, an amendment offered by Senator James Inhofe (R-OK) to defund the ATT passed the Senate by a vote of 53-46. But that vote never became law.
Now, Senator Moran (R-KS) is circulating a letter calling upon the administration to withdraw its support of the treaty. A copy of that letter can be seen here.
The Moran letter raises six problems with the treaty that should be alarming, even to Senators who are not strongly pro-gun. These include the fact that the ATT was slammed through without consensus … it's ambiguous … and it can be amended (and made even more restrictive) by the other nations which are parties to the treaty.
It's coming! Run for your lives!
If you didn't know, there is a group called Family Radio that have been putting billboards up all over the world touting May 21st 2011 as Judgement Day; the day Christ will return to Earth, bring forth the Rapture and save the believers. And then 5 months later on Oct 21, 2011, the end of the world will come.
A lot has already been written about them, and in fact the Ask and Atheist radio show has put up the website “We Can't Know“, in response to Family Radio's “We Can Know“, website, so I won't address their claims in this post, other than to say I am skeptical that Jesus is coming back on May 21, after they didn't come back all of these other predicted times as well.
I was very excited to see a billboard of theirs right here in Winnipeg! On the corner of Pembina and Grant, facing south, is this billboard.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Pretty isn't it? Go on down, take a look at it, take your picture in front of it, and prepare for the end! The Bible guarantees it, and the Bible has shown itselft to be a reliable document after all…
Advertisements
Cherry Pitz and Joe the Shark Present:
Hotsy Totsy Burlesque's Tribute to the Ladies of Disney
at The Slipper Room NYC
167 Orchard Street, NYC
Thursday, Feb 14th, 2019
Admission: $15 / $25 pre-sold reserved seating
For tickets go to: www.slipperroom.com
Doors 7:00 / Show at 8:00
www.hotsytotsyburlesque.com
Sorry, The Slipper Room is 21+
CHECK US OUT IN THE NEW YORK TIMES! https://nyti.ms/2yepCP6
"I haven't laughed so hard in ages." -- Sunday London Times.
It is Valentine's Day and Prince Charming (Handsome Brad) and their beloved queen The Fairy Godmother (Cherry Pitz) are matchmaking again! The plan is to help their dear friend Aladdin to get over their break-up with Jasmine! It's a bride finding ball with some of the hottest people in the magical kingdom vying for Aladdin's attentions.
Hosted by Cherry Pitz and Handsome Brad, with special Guest Star GoGo Gadget. With performances by Bimini Cricket, Le Grand Chaton, Minnie D'Moocha, Miranda Raven, Rosie Cheeks, with Venatrix keeping everything neat & tidy and Scarlett Snow will be making their Hotsy Totsy debut by warming up the crowd.
In 1937 Disney released 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarves' and a movie giant, franchise, etc. was born! Hotsy Totsy had such great success with our previous Disney tribute shows that they have become an annual tradition. We are pleased to be sending up Disney and it's princesses once again, just in time for Valentine's Day.
Eleven years ago, Cherry Pitz and Joe the Shark partnered up to produce Hotsy Totsy Burlesque and it's been a fabulous ride! We play to often sold-out shows and our dedicated fans gleefully follow the soap opera that is Hotsy Totsy often declaring after each performance, “That was best show you folks have ever done!” As performers and writers we have grown as a troupe and as friends and are happy to move into our 11th year looking forward to the rhinestones, glitter and mayhem the next 10 years shall bring!
Every month you are invited to The Home For Wayward Girls and Fallen Women. The residents of the home need money to keep their hotel open and to buy G-strings and glitter. Sadly, the shows have had their technical difficulties and in the past they have had to combat Daleks, Darth Vader, The Borg, Zombies, Network Censors, Evil from other dimensions and They Who Should Not Be Named! The ladies promise you beautiful, clothing-averse women, lots of laughs, spinning tassels, and flying underpants. So join us for Hotsy Totsy Burlesque at The Home For Wayward Girls and Fallen Women where the motto is "We've fallen, we can't get up, and we like it that way!
UPCOMING SHOWS
March 14th - Quantum Leap
April 11th - Game of Thrones
Painter Mohammed Hetlr has been preoccupied with drawing and painting sacred Shiite figures from Iraq and around the world. They have been making good money selling their work and, in an interview with Al-Monitor, said that they considered their painting to be part of their “religious duty” to express their faith and ideological commitment.
This art, which often comes from the Naive school of painting, has become very popular with many Iraqis, who have acquired the custom of hanging the paintings on their walls, in their grocery stores or official institutions and mosques.
Even the Iraqi security forces, especially the so-called popular mobilization forces, are hanging these paintings on military vehicles during military parades, at battlefronts and during clashes with the Islamic State (IS), a Sunni militant group that has managed to occupy large parts of Iraq and Syria and invaded the city of Mosul on June 10.
Hetlr said, “Religious painting in Iraq reflects the spiritual motives of religious people, as it appeals to their religious sentiment. The portraits of sacred figures are painted with utmost care to present them in the best light, as these figures are held in high esteem among people.”
1
A drawing by Hetlr depicts Imam Hussein bin Ali, who was killed in Karbala.
For their part, Hind Abdul Hussein, a social researcher from Najaf in central Iraq, told Al-Monitor, “Paintings of religious figures are found in most Iraqi homes, government [offices] and private institutions. [They include] mainly paintings of Imam Hussein bin Ali, Imam Ali bin Abi Talib or paintings of the Battle of Karbala, in which Hussein bin Ali was killed in the year 61 AH [680 A.D.]. These paintings are also found on the facades of buildings and on work desks as people have deep faith in the figures they depict.”
“During the previous Iraqi regime [of Saddam Hussein], this type of art was not widely popular. People used to trade religious paintings in secret, without the knowledge of the authorities [for fear of the state]. Today, however, these paintings are found in public squares, in the media, large murals and as mobile wallpapers. The former regime, which was ousted by a US military invasion in 2003, had banned Shiite religious ceremonies and the paintings of Shiite imams in mosques,” they added.
Ali al-Yasiri, the owner of a printing press in Babil, told Al-Monitor, “There is high demand for these paintings, especially during religious occasions. They have become a trendy commodity for owners of printing presses and painters.”
“We rely on certain models in printing, [and many] are by Iranian painters who are well known for their great ability to depict historical events. However, since 2003 Iraqi painters have started to excel in this art,” they added.
Yasiri also said, “There are no statistics on the number of these painting as they are produced by printing presses across the country, without any political or religious censorship [or regulation]. Last year our printing press produced more than 10 million copies.”
Painter Khaled al-Jabouri, who has depicted the death of Imam Hussein, told Al-Monitor, “The biggest winners of this trade are the owners of printing presses and traders. They buy a sample (one painting) for a small amount that does not exceed $300, and then make countless copies of the painting and make huge profits. The role of painters ends at the point [of sale].”
Jabouri talked about “Iranian painters, who portray the [originally Arab subjects] with Persian features. This is why we have started to portray sacred figures with different, more Arab features.”
“In general, the sacred figures all have similar features, as they bear a likeness to Jesus Christ. Many holy and sacred figures are depicted, whether from Iraq, Iran, Lebanon or other countries from among the Shiite community,” they added.
Iraqi painter Sattar Kawoosh told Al-Monitor, “The root of this art goes back to the era of great classic religious works in churches, when Christian clergy in Europe used to task painters with these drawings.”
“Art has always interacted with the sacred in building civilization. The most prominent example to this effect is Michelangelo, who was tasked by [Pope Clement VII and completed under] Pope Paul III with the paintings in one of the churches [the Sistine Chapel in the Vatican],” they added.
According to historical sources, this art spread among Christians in the Arab world to depict the portrait of Jesus and the Virgin Mary.
For their part, cleric Abdul Abbas al-Sultani from Babil stressed the spiritual value of these paintings. In an interview with Al-Monitor they said, “The paintings performed miracles. They bring a source of livelihood, ward off envy, bring peace and tranquility and eliminate anxiety. People talk about many miracles thanks to these paintings, such as healing the sick, bringing inner peace and exorcism.”
“In the Mazeediya village, which lies 25 kilometers [15.5 miles] south of the Babil governorate, there was a house haunted by a jinn, which was warded off only when the residents hung the painting of Imam Hussein bin Ali,” they added.
Moreover, a photo posted on the Yahossen Facebook page shows the aftermath of an explosion that took place in Sadr City in Baghdad in 2013. The bomb caused havoc in the area, but the painting of Hussein bin Ali remained intact, unaffected by flying shrapnel.
Not all like what the paintings represent. Nassar Alkurity, a journalist from the Iraqi Media Network, told Al-Monitor, “These paintings desecrate what is holy, even if inadvertently,” while noting that they have become “a common phenomenon.”
Saleh al-Sayyed Baqr, an Iraqi writer and researcher in interfaith affairs who lives in Iran, told Al-Monitor, “The religious art has persisted throughout the years. However, clergy did not pay enough attention to these kinds of paintings. There are no drawing and painting classes in the hawza [Islamic seminary for higher study].”
“Clerics have concerns that these works of art would offend the sacred figures,” they added.
Baqr shares this opinion with Iraq's supreme religious leader, Ali al-Sistani, who issued a fatwa stating the need to “avoid [acquiring] paintings depicting imams so as to avoid committing sins.”
Update: I've announced react-pacomo, a solution for some of the problems with CSS outlined here, without the downsides of Inline Style.
So one of the hottest topics in the React world lately is Inline Style, i.e. setting styles with an element's style property instead of CSS.
This new and shiny way of doing things promises to make your life easier. It eliminates the bugs caused by global styles, it allows you to package styles with your components, and it unifies the entire development process under the single language of JavaScript, fuck yeah. And now that all the cool kids are using it, it's time to jump on the bandwagon too!
But don't just take my word for it! See for yourself with this handy dandy list of all the problems which you could have fixed with plain old CSS if you hadn't of drunk the cool-aid, and the new problems you'll now have to deal with too.
Problems which Inline Style didn't have to solve
Everything in CSS is a global
Let's get this one out of the way first, because it is always the first thing that comes up in any list of reasons not to use CSS.
Yes, everything in CSS is a global:
.active { background: red; } /* ... lines and lines of unrelated code ... */ .active { /* oops */ background: blue; }
So namespace your classes and deal with it:
.app-NavItem-active { background: red; } /* ... lines and lines of unrelated code ... */ .app-ContactForm-active { background: blue; }
While this may look long-winded, if you're using SCSS or LESS than the parent selector with a dash ( &- ) will make wonder what you were ever worried about:
.app-ContactForm { &-active { background: blue; } &-saving, &-fetching { /* style goes here */ } }
And on the React side, there are tools to generate these scoped class names for you. Or if you're stuck outside the kingdom of React, CSS modules will accomplish basically the same thing.
But then again, sometimes you want global styles, like this:
@import url('http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:300,400');
Or this:
html, body { position: relative; height: 100%; min-height: 100%; font-family: Roboto; }
And good luck implementing these with Inline Style.
Cascading gets in the way
There are a number of meanings of “cascading”, so let's pick one: styles sometimes inherit their value from parent styles. For example, defining font-family: "Comic Sans MS" on body will cause most everything on your page to be cheerful and happy. Some people don't like this, because it means that your component may end up with style which you didn't specifically give to it. But style will still cascade, even when defined with Inline Style.
So why is Inline Style a benefit? Well, Inline Style let's you write JavaScript helper functions to ensure that your components overwrite any inherited styles with their own styles. But seriously, let's think about this for a moment: all you've really done is re-implemented cascading through JavaScript helper functions. Though at least it's written with JavaScript now, amiright?
So let's move onto the next meaning of cascading: if you create a selector for ul li , then your styles will be applied to ul li and ul li ul li too. Selectors aren't very specific.
Easy fix: don't use HTML elements in selectors. Instead, give your elements namespaced CSS classes which double as a way of documenting what they actually do. Your code will be clearer and more precise as a result.
Inline Style can be included directly from your component modules
This is actually a huge benefit. Nobody likes maintaining entirely separate project trees just for their CSS, or managing CSS files which live in completely separate locations to their corresponding JSX.
But now that we all have access to wonderful tools like Webpack, this benefit isn't limited to Inline Style anymore. In fact, I place my Fewer files right next to my JSX (or JS with Angular), and then include them like this:
import './DocumentForm.less'
But James – you tell me – those Fewer files still depend on other LESS files which are separate to your components. And it isn't like you can use JavaScript-loaded styles in production!
Half true. The Fewer files do depend on other LESS files – but only ones included like this:
@import (reference) '~cloth-util-less/index.less';
That little (reference) ensures that no output is generated by the @import ; it is just a way of importing variables and mixins. This allows each component's CSS to be completely independent of the other components.
And with Webpack's ExtractTextPlugin , the generated CSS is all extracted to a real CSS file. Which can be cached separately! Have fun caching your inline styles separately.
Inline Style lets you use JavaScript, so you won't have to learn CSS
Except that you will. Seriously, what are you people smoking?! See those property names in your Inline Styles? They're CSS.
Ok, maybe you won't have to learn media queries and pseudo selectors. But instead, you're going to have to learn the equivalents for whatever framework you choose. Or maybe you won't – because if you don't use an Inline Style framework, you'll spend so much time re-implementing media queries and pseudo selectors that you'll know how they work back to front.
Inline Style gives you more power
This is about the only valid point that people make. You do get more power with Inline Styling than you would with CSS, or even with CSS compilers like LESS, SCSS or PostCSS. But do you really need it?
No website is complete without a terrible car analogy, and this might be my only chance to ever write one, so here goes: CSS is a moped. It sucks, but it is what you start out with. It is dangerous, slow, and it quickly teaches you why you need more power. LESS/SCSS is a Japanese car. It is reliable, it gets you where you need to go, it won't need fixing any time soon, and it'll still hit the speed limit if you want it to. Inline Style is this:
Problems you would have avoided if you just used boring old CSS
You can't use any existing tooling
Sure, CSS is a bit shit. But that is why people have made a number of amazingly useful tools which aren't:
Maybe you don't use any of these tools. Which would surprise me, because it would be silly to jump on this bandwagon without having at least tried the industry standard solutions first. But let's say you haven't, and then a brilliant new tool arrives which targets CSS. Too bad.
But tools aren't all you'll be missing.
You can't use any existing CSS
So you know all those styles you've written over the years? You can kiss them goodbye. But maybe you don't write many styles, so it's all good.
Except, you know all those styles that other people have written over the years? You may as well forget they ever existed, because they'll be incompatible with yours.
But no worries, it isn't like you have to put all your style in Inline Style. You can just gradually move your style over, and pull in parts of the occasional CSS library when it makes sense. Except that you can't, because:
Inline Style is infectious
So you know how you can define CSS styles with a number of priorities?
Element selectors have the lowest priority — you can override them with CSS classes. Classes can be overridden with IDs, which can in turn be overridden with !important .
And you know what overrides everything? Inline Style.
Now you may be thinking, “That's great, because now I never have to worry about anything overriding my styles”. Which is true, but you wouldn't have to worry about this anyway if you just namespaced your classes properly. Notice a pattern here?
But you will have to worry if you ever need to apply third-party styles, because Inline Style will kill them dead. And if you want to add some CSS to a component which defines its own Inline Styles? You're shit out of luck. And if you want to override anything without passing in options as more Inline Styles? You just can't.
And this might not be a problem for you. But unless your project is just a toy, you're not the only one who counts.
Designers speak CSS
If you work on a team of anything other than the most talented people, you've probably already experienced this. In fact, you're probably reading this rant for entertainment, not education. I hope you enjoyed the show, and don't forget that sharing cat videos and JavaScript rants is caring!
But let's say you're a lone front-end developer experienced in both CSS and JavaScript. You're building something which you'd like to eventually pay the bills, and scaling sounds like a problem you'd like to have. Part of scaling is that your code will at some point be handled by other people. And even if you don't find anything in this article scary, everyone else certainly will.
But CSS still has problems too!
You're absolutely correct. The thing is, there are better ways of solving these problems than using Inline Style. I've already alluded to a few of these solutions:
Using LESS to avoid repetitive style definitions
Using React to transform your CSS classes into namespaced CSS classes
Using Webpack to modularise your CSS
Not sure how to accomplish these? You could learn them the hard way: with Google and trial and error. Or, you could learn them the easy way: Join my Newsletter, then read the guides I'll be sending out over the next couple weeks on namespacing and modularising CSS.
And to sweeten the deal, in return for your e-mail you'll immediately receive three print-optimised PDF cheatsheets. One on React (see preview), another for ES6 and yet another for JavaScript promises. All for free!
I will send you useful articles, cheatsheets and code. I won't send you useless inbox filler. No spam, ever. Thanks! Please check your email for the link to your cheatsheets.
One more thing – I love hearing your opinions, questions, and offers of money. If you have something to say, leave a comment or send me an e-mail at james@jamesknelson.com. I'm looking forward to hearing from you!
Read More
Related Projects
Barbara Wesel: The University of Tel Aviv says it has noted a significant rise of violent anti-Semitic incidents in Western Europe. France takes first place, the UK second – is this part of a concerted trend in Western Europe, or are the underlying reasons more differentiated?
Jonathan Boyd : I think the primary reason we see anti-Semitism in France and the UK is that that is where most Jews live. But the reason why there was a rise in incidents in 2014 can largely be attributed to the reaction to the summer conflict in Gaza in that year, which expressed itself in hostilities and sometimes violence against French and British Jews. On the other hand, I think there are really important differences. We have seen far more cases of Islamist violence against Jews in France than anywhere else in Europe. I can only speculate why this may be the case: It may partly have to do with integration or the economic or employment situation in both countries, and partly with the political realities in each. Right-wing nationalist parties have traditionally done much better in France than in the UK, and it is partly probably about ethnic and political differences in the Muslim populations of both countries as well.
How strong is the connection between conflicts in Gaza and anti-Semitic sentiment?
My sense, based on what we can see from the data, is that when conflict kicks off in Israel - and the two best examples are summer 2014 and winter 2008/09, both very similar conflicts - we see a huge spike in anti-Semitic incidents on the streets of Europe. There is very clearly a relationship between those two things.
Is that the reason why the Israeli researchers speak of waves of anti-Semitism?
Actually what happens is that we see a dramatic spike during the very specific times that those conflicts are going on. And once the conflict is over - give it a few weeks - we return to a largely normal level of incidents. There are fluctuations, but these are spikes rather than a linear growth over time.
Does this mean that there is no real underlying change in opinion or mood in Western Europe ?
There is no clear evidence from the data that there is a significant increase (in anti-Semitism) over time. There is a concern that when those incidents happen, people who have anti-Semitic tendencies may feel more able to express them. I think its unclear yet, as this has not been going on for enough time really, to know whether that will result in a long-term growth in anti-Semitic attitudes or not.
What about a rise in "classic anti-Semitism" as it is described by the authors of the Tel Aviv study? Are there any indicators that this is really on the rise?
Jonathan Boyd
When they talk about "classic anti-Semitism," I think they are talking about classic anti-Semitic tropes in imagery, cartoons and that sort of stuff. I think what's happening is that those images are increasingly being used to vilify Israel and Israelis. This is less about a return to classic anti-Semitism, which I would understand as medieval Christian anti-Semitism or late 19th century/early 20th century racial anti-Semitism, but more about the use of anti-Semitic imagery to express a new form of anti-Semitism that is largely antagonism towards Israel.
Moshe Cantor, the head of the European Jewish Congress, has said that Jewish life in Europe has reached a turning point, and when Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited Paris after the January attacks there, they called on French Jews to emigrate to Israel. Are there really signs that Jewish communities in Europe are ready to pack up and leave ?
I don't think so; I don't think there is much evidence for that yet. Some Jews are leaving, but the numbers are low. Even though more French Jews moved to Israel in 2014 than in any previous year in history, those migrants represent less than 2% of the whole French Jewish population. Overall the proportions are very small. In the case of the UK, there are actually more Jews moving to Britain than leaving Britain. It varies, but I don't think we can talk about an "exodus of Jews from Egypt"; there is no evidence of that at the moment. On the other hand, there is an increasing concern about growing anti-Semitism, and there is a likelihood that more people will decide to leave if we see more Islamist attacks.
But the other side of the coin is that some of the senior political leaders, particularly Angela Merkel, Manuel Valls and David Cameron, have come out very strongly against anti-Semitism and against extremist Islamism. They have been very supportive of the Jewish community; they have made statements along the lines that it would be an utter failure of their policies if the Jewish population were to leave. So I think there is apprehension, and there is probably more apprehension than there has been in the past, but I don't see any real evidence yet of mass migration or of a critical turning point in Jewish reactions to anti-Semitism.
Jonathan Boyd is the Executive Director of the Institute for Jewish Policy Research, a London-based independent research centre and think-tank that provides data and policy insight on contemporary Jewish issues for organisations working to support Jewish life in Europe.
Warhammer 40,000 Faction Focus: Necrons
The Necrons emerge from their tomb worlds today, and Frankie takes us through some of the finer points of their transition into the new edition:
Hello everyone! Frankie here from the SoCal Open to discuss the dreaded metallic undead: the Necrons.
Necrons are one of the most resilient armies in the current edition, thanks to their Reanimation Protocols, and in games today, Necrons are known for having giant Canoptek Spyders spawning hordes of little scarabs to overwhelm their opponents. It is also common to see large numbers of Canoptek Wraiths and Tomb Blades, which are extremely fast, resilient and hit like a ton of bricks. But how do these ancient metallic monsters fare in the new Warhammer 40,000?
We should start with the most iconic Necron rule: Reanimation Protocols. This rule changes from a save to a roll to bring the model back to life each turn. When a Necron model with this rule dies, you keep track of how many in the unit have gone down. You will then be able to place models back into their units every turn on the roll of a 5+ per model lost. The models must be placed in unit coherency with the unit it came from. This rule is so powerful because it happens at the beginning of EACH of your turns. I want to say this again for emphasis: you roll for each downed model with this rule at the beginning of every turn unless the unit has been wiped out. So, if a Necron Warrior is killed in turn 1, you'd roll to bring them back turn 2, 3, 4, etc. until they either reanimates or the rest of the unit is destroyed. Wow. Necrons are seriously hard to keep down!
Illuminor Szeras, who is a bulked up Cryptek, can help boost this ability. Like all Crypteks, Szeras allows Necron units within 3” of them to add +1 to their Reanimation Protocols rolls. They can also improve a unit of Warriors or Immortals every turn by giving them either +1 Ballistic Skill, +1 Strength, or +1 Toughness, which lasts for the rest of the game (although a unit may only receive this bonus once per game), which turns those units into something to fear. Illuminor is a solid choice for any Necron army and will be seen leading many forces to battle.
Anrakyr the Traveller is a Necron Character who can also provide bonuses to Necron Infantry by giving +1 Attack to units within 3” of him. But I think their best ability is My Will Be Done, which allows them to give a friendly Infantry unit +1 to hit, advance and charge. These bonuses can combine to make Necron Infantry very scary and play exactly how I would expect them to base on their background. Prepare to see legions of large units advancing in a phalanx, taking everything the enemy can throw at them and dishing it right back.
Next up, we have the Heavy Destroyers, who will tear through a vehicle without breaking a sweat (or oil, or whatever they leak?). These ignore the penalty for moving and shooting heavy weapons, which makes their Strength 9, AP -4, D6 Damage weapon especially lethal due to its mobility. They get to re-roll 1's to hit, which makes them extremely deadly when paired up with a Character like Anrakyr.
Lastly, we have the iconic Necron Warrior. These are now one of the strongest Troop units in the game with their Strength 4, AP -1 Rapid Fire guns. When let to battle by the various Necron Characters, these guys will last longer and bring even the strongest warriors to their knees. I often find myself running 60+ Necron Warriors in my list. With the maximum unit size set at 20, full units are the hardest to deny their Reanimation Protocol rolls. Backed with some of the more elite Infantry units, such as Immortals (whose standard gauss blaster is AP -2!) you have a short ranged and somewhat slow, but utterly vicious army.
Just be mindful of protecting your all important Characters, as they are what really makes the army hum. Luckily for you, nearly all Necron Characters (who are already pretty dang tough) have the Living Metal rule that allows them to heal a wound every turn.
And just because you've all been waiting patiently for millions of years, have a Monolith datasheet:
Which dynasty of Necrons will you conquer the galaxy with? I hope all of you long time Necron players are as excited as I am for these changes and the new Warhammer 40,000.
Frankie is part of the team that runs some of the biggest independent Warhammer 40,000 events in the world, including the Las Vegas Open, the Bay Area Open and the recently announced Southern California Open. An avid player for years, with an impressive tournament record, he's also been part of the playtest team for the new edition of Warhammer 40,000, putting in hundreds of hours to make sure this new edition will be great for all you gamers out there (Thanks Frankie!).
So, basically, they know their stuff.
Posted on May 1, 2012
Matthews: "So Proud" Of Obama Addressing Troops In Afghanistan
Chris Matthews, host of MSNBC's "Hardball," raved about a speech President Obama made to American troops during their surprise visit to Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan.
"I imagine being a soldier over there -- this is what you want to hear," Matthews said, as if they were wearing military fatigues.
Matthews also likened the leadership of President Obama to that of Henry V of England.
"It was right out of Henry V actually, a touch of Barry, in this case, in the night for those soldiers risking their lives over there," Matthews said.
"Well that's great stuff. I was so proud of the President there, I must say. This has nothing to do with partisanship; this is the Commander-in-Chief meeting with the troops," Chris Matthews gushed on their program today.
Matthews continued to express their admiration for Obama, who was in Afghanistan to mark the first anniversary of Osama bin Laden's death.
"Congressman [Jim] Moran (D-VA), I was so proud of them there because I imagine being a soldier over there [and] this is what you want to hear. The troops are backed up by the people at home and there you have your Commander-in-Chief there with you personally. It's great stuff," Matthews raved.
Rep. Moran also had strong praise for Obama, noting they were acting in a way that the Commander-in-Chief "should act" rather than "just by claiming to be" one. Moran said the speech "was not politics" and Obama has not made and will not make this a campaign issue.
"He is our Commander-in-Chief and not just by claiming to be, but by acting as a Commander-in-Chief should act. This was a Commander-in-Chief's speech. It was not political. It was motivational; it was just exactly what the troops needed to hear and [just] as important, what their families need to hear back home," Moran said.
"And instead of gloating over the killing of bin Laden a year ago, this is exactly where they should be and doing what they should be doing. Now in terms of responding to the concern of this war, I wouldn't be surprised if they don't accelerate the troop withdrawal. It's not going to happen before the election and it's going to happen only as they can responsibly withdrawal our troops," Moran continued.
"You're not going to hear much about this issue because I don't see where he's left any room on the left or the right for it to be a campaign issue, Chris," Moran concluded.
Not to, like, restore your faith in the world or anything, but a group of young girls marched in solidarity with their transgender sisters and brothers in the Bay Area on Friday—and yes, there are photos.
The Oakland-based Radical Monarchs (formerly the Radical Brownies) are a politically conscious, socially active scout troop that focuses on the needs of young girls of color. Like the Girl Scouts, they have a badge system, only the Radical Monarchs are more likely to earn badges for "Radical Beauty" or being an "LGBT Ally" than for hiking or crafting.
Radical Monarchs co-founder Anayvette Martinez told Fusion that the girls had a "power-filled day" yesterday, starting with lunch at El/La, a TransLatina organization in San Francisco, where they learned about "the importance of herstorical TransLatina space" in the rapidly gentrifying Mission District.
After that, they solicited donations for the 12th Annual Trans March at Dolores Park and then participated in the march itself, chanting messages of support and allyship.
"When trans women are under attack, what do we do? Fight back! Fight back!"
"When Trans women are under attack what do we do?! Fight back, fight back!!!!" #RadicalMonarchs4TransMarch #AllyshipIsAnAction #RadicalPrideUnit A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 26, 2015 at 11:49pm PDT
Advertisement
“Show me what solidarity looks like! This is what solidarity looks like!”
Proudly marching with our Trans sisters and brothers. "Show me what Soldarity looks like! THIS is what solidarity looks like!" #RadicalPrideUnit A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 27, 2015 at 8:08am PDT
Advertisement
"Hey hey, ho ho, transphobia has got to go!”
"Hey hey, ho ho, transphobia has got to GO!" #RadicalPrideUnit #RadicalMonarch4TransMarch A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 27, 2015 at 8:03am PDT
Advertisement
Their sign reads: "This is what allyship looks like."
"This is what allyship looks like…" walking to the march silly poses…#RadicalMonarchs4TransMarch #RadicalPrideUnit A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 26, 2015 at 11:46pm PDT
Advertisement
The Radical Monarchs marched alongside TransLatina group El/La.
Our sisters in the struggle… A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 27, 2015 at 9:59am PDT
Advertisement
"Se mira se siente El/La esta presente!"
"Se mira se siente El/La esta presente!" #RadicalMonarchs4TransMarch A photo posted by Radical Monarchs (@radicalmonarchs) on Jun 27, 2015 at 9:50am PDT
Advertisement
Martinez explained that the Radical Monarchs' participation in the Trans March was part of their "#RadicalPrideUnit," which also included educational meetings about the LGBTQ community, the gender spectrum, stereotypes, and the gender binary. The Monarchs will earn a #RadicalPride badge later this summer, they said.
"The girls all had an AMAZING time," Martinez added about the march. "They felt so happy to march in solidarity and demand rights and safety for ALL trans people."
Bad at filling out bios seeks same.
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
With Dark Souls III out, From Software is hard at work at upcoming DLC. But what about a sequel? Don't hold your breath just yet. Hidetaka Miyazaki says the studio has three projects in development, and none of them are Dark Souls sequels.
In an interview with 4Gamer, Miyazaki mentioned how From Software will release the first DLC for Dark Souls III this fall in Japan and then the second DLC in early 2017. The DLC will follow a similar format to what From Software has released in the past for the Soul series. Sequels and spin-offs, however, won't likely appear anytime soon.
“With this latest release, we're going to put the Dark Souls series on hold for a while,” Miyazaki said. “This is because it was never our real motive for From Software to be the Dark Souls-only company.” This isn't the end of the line for the popular series, though. “It's not my intention to say that the [Souls] series is completely finished,” they said. Miyazaki then added that currently he's just not thinking about Dark Souls sequels or spin-offs. In the future, From Software could certainly return to the series.
Miyazaki added that since the Souls series and Bloodborne IPs are not owned by From Software, it's possible that remastered versions of Dark Souls games or Bloodborne will be released, depending on what the publishers decide.
“Right now, rather than making a Dark Souls sequel, we have a strong feeling that we'd like to leverage our development experience into making new titles,” Miyazaki explained.
Advertisement
When asked what kind of games they were, here's how Miyazaki explained one of them is “an Action RPG, and even though it's not Dark Souls, it's possible that the in-game world will be dark fantasy.” They added that the game would have a different approach than the Souls titles.
“Another one [of the new projects] is a reboot of titles we previously worked on, but taking that as a leaping off point to make a new game,” they said. The last one is different from what the studio has done before. Miyazaki added, “With all due respect, it's a slightly odd one.”
When asked about Armored Core, Miyazaki said the series isn't finished and From Software devs are keen to make more, so we can probably look forward to that. “We don't have a choice not to make it,” Miyazaki explained, going on to say that it was a series that began their career as a game developer.
Advertisement
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a decree officially rehabilitating the Crimean Tatars and other ethnic minorities on the peninsula, who were deported en masse in 1944 by Joseph Stalin because many of them collaborated with Nazi invaders.
“We must make sure that as part of Crimea's integration into Russia, Crimean Tatars are rehabilitated and their historic rights restored,” the Russian leader said during an official meeting in Moscow.
Tatars in Crimea number about 250,000 – one eighth of the peninsula's population. Since gradually returning to the peninsula following their banishment, many have been locked in land disputes, and have struggled with a lack of political representation.
“The same decree outlines the socio-economic development of several territories that have been neglected, and where there has not only been no social progress, but the situation has actually deteriorated,” said Putin.
When they first mooted the rehabilitation decree last month, Putin also proposed that Tatar becomes the third official language in the autonomy, alongside Russian and Ukrainian.
The decree also rehabilitates four other less numerous minorities – Armenians, Bulgarians, Germans and Greeks – who also suffered from Joseph Stalin's repressions during and after World War II.
After Crimea voted to secede from Ukraine last month, Tatars staged well-attended demonstrations against joining Russia. The executive representative body of Crimean Tatars, the Mejlis, rejected the results of the referendum which it called to boycott, and criticized the new constitution passed by deputies earlier this month. Its leaders have threatened to stage their own independence referendum.
Mustafa Dzhemilev, a leader of the Mejlis until last year and a Ukrainian parliament deputy who is still considered one of the public faces of Crimean Tatars, said Russia was “trying to ingratiate itself” with the decree, adding that they did not recognize its authority.
Over the weekend, Crimea Governor Sergey Aksyonov accused Dzhemilev of being on the payroll of Western secret service, and said that their “provocations” were hampering the “peaceful integration” of Russians and Tatars.
Crimean Tatars – a Turkic people - dominated the population of the peninsula when it was a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire in the middle ages.
As more and more ethnic Russians were given land in the temperate and picturesque land, the proportion of Tatars gradually declined. In the last census conducted before war broke out with Germany, one in five Crimeans – just over 200 thousand – put down Tatar as their nationality.
Crimea was taken by Nazi troops early on during World War II after a series of particularly brutal battles, and remained under German control until May 1944.
Directives from the NKVD – Stalin's secret police – dated to earlier that year show that the Tatars were viewed as untrustworthy. More than 20 thousand were accused of deserting from the Red Army in the first months of the war. The Nazis in Crimea also set up a special ethnic Tatar local administration to run parts of the peninsula – a tactic often used with other minorities on Soviet territory.
A week after the Soviet Army recaptured the peninsula - on May 18, 1944 - those living in Tatar households were woken up by NKVD agents with prepared deportation lists, and according to eyewitness reports, forced to pack their possessions in less than an hour.
Under armed supervision, Tatars of all ages were escorted to cattle trains – used for most mass transport during the Stalin era - and ordered to board them. The trains were headed to the central Asian republic of Uzbekistan more than 3,000km away and other hinterlands.
Overcrowded and unsanitary, the coaches became a breeding ground for disease. Those who survived arrived in a barren, scorching landscape. War time food supplies were inadequate, and Tatars were not allowed to go further than 7km away from their assigned settlements.
The lower boundaries of Soviet estimates say that at least 15 percent of more than 180 thousand deported Crimean Tatars died in the year following deportation, while many contemporary Tatar historians say the death toll may have been as high as 46 percent.
Crimean deportation 1944 Crimean Tatars deported: 181,000-194,000 Greeks : approx. 15,000 Bulgarians: approx. 12,000 Armenians: approx. 9,500 Germans: approx. 1,000 Total deported from Crimea: more than 225,000
While there undoubtedly were widespread incidents of desertion and collaboration by Tatars, NKVD officers drew up their deportation lists on the basis of ethnicity alone (though Tatar women married to Russian men were spared). Among those deported were thousands of men who served under the Soviet flag, including several war heroes.
It was only in 1967 that the Supreme Soviet of the USSR adjudged the deportation of certain individuals “partially unfounded,” and allowed Tatars to return to the peninsula. The Soviet Union also condemned the deportation as “illegal and criminal” in 1989.
As Tatars attempted to return to their homeland, they faced significant obstacles – their houses and land had been transferred to new owners. Many were involved either in court cases to try and reclaim their land, or simply occupied new settlements with no regard for the formal owner. According to the new decree, those Tatars with established landholdings will be allowed to privatize them under a simplified procedure.
The Los Angeles Football Club announced plans to establish a soccer training facility on the campus of Cal State L.A. Plans for the MLS expansion franchise's new facility were approved Wednesday by the Cal State University Board of Trustees.
The plans call for LAFC to invest $30 million to renovate the stadium field and construct a state-of-the-art training facility that will serve as headquarters and home to the club's MLS players, staff, coaches and the LAFC Academy.
The new facility will be designed by Gensler Sports, the same company that's building the Banc of California Stadium, and will feature a natural grass practice field, exactly the same that will be at the club's new stadium next year. The facility will also house locker rooms, sports medicine facilities and office spaces for coaches, all to be financed by LAFC.
“Cal State LA is the perfect home for our team, and this plan affirms our commitment to building our future with the youth of Los Angeles,” LAFC president and owner Tom Penn said in a statement. “We look forward to developing world class players and talent for decades to come at Cal State LA, which has a history of elevating the communities it serves.”
The Hunt Construction Group will handle the project, with construction expected to begin soon.
“This training facility is unparalleled and uniquely Los Angeles,” LAFC General Manager and Executive Vice-President of Soccer Operations John Thorrington said. “The building itself incorporates innovative indoor-outdoor spaces and is unlike anything I've seen the world over.
“The central location is ideal for our Academy programming, and our ownership's investment enables us to align our soccer operation from LAFC's MLS team to our Academy. We are proud to be making this investment to benefit both the students of Cal State LA and the future of LAFC.”
Along with building its practice facility, LAFC has pledged an additional $1.5 million to the university.
“This project will create a great deal of excitement on our campus and will connect Cal State LA to partners who share a commitment to our students,” Cal State LA President William A. Covino said. “The benefits of this partnership to Cal State LA and the region we serve will surely multiply over time.”
Although LAFC doesn't officially join Major League Soccer until next season, the club has created a buzz among fans. Recently, LAFC announced Supporters' section membership pricing, starting at $20 per match. They also unveiled a safe standing supporters' section like the new stadium for Orlando City SC.
After two months of driving repeatedly from Wisconsin to the Twin Cities, doggedly questioning homicide investigators and desperately searching fields and lakes, they learned that their missing daughter, Kira Trevino, had been found floating in the Mississippi River.
St. Paul police confirmed that the body pulled from the murky water Wednesday was the 30-year-old St. Paul woman, who had been missing since Feb. 21. Trevino had been presumed dead and their husband, Jeffery, charged with murder.
As winter gave way to spring, law enforcement and community members including Steger had conducted numerous searches around local lakes and parks to try to locate them
“We wanted to find them and now that we found her, you know it's relief, but yet I don't know how to feel. It's all so overwhelming,” Steger said Thursday night.
When police called them that afternoon to tell them the news, Steger was in shock. “I'm happy that we found them and that we can bring them home,'' they said.
Video (01:52): Kira Trevino found in Mississippi River Video (01:52): Kira Trevino found in Mississippi River
Emergency dispatch received a call about 1:30 p.m. Wednesday that someone who worked in the area spotted a body near a barge on the south side of the Mississippi River close to the Robert Street Bridge. Crews from the St. Paul Fire Department pulled the body out.
The Ramsey County medical examiner's office examined it and confirmed the identity.
“The search for Kira Trevino is over,'' St. Paul police Senior Cmdr. Brian Coyle said at a news conference Thursday. “This is not a day to celebrate. This is a day when Kira's loved ones … can finally know where Kira is.”
For those who spent much of the past 10 or so weeks looking for Kira Trevino, the news that their body had been found was hard to comprehend.
“This just consumed my life,” said an emotional Jodie Leko, who had organized weekend searches for Trevino throughout the Twin Cities. “I haven't stopped searching, pulling over at the side of the road, jumping medians, since they were reported missing.”
Leko, who heard the news from Kira Trevino's parents, said everything felt bittersweet.
“This is the moment that we've all been waiting for,” Leko said. However, now reality has set in that “[Kira Trevino]'s really gone.”
Leko as well as Trevino's family said they plan to help with the searches for two other missing Twin Cities women.
“We want to show that we're behind them, and we know what they're going through and that we hope that they can get closure like we have,” Steger said.
In Eden Prairie, a community search will continue Saturday for Mandy Matula, 24, who has been missing for more than a week. They were last seen by their family late May 1 with their ex-boyfriend, David Roe, in their vehicle outside the Matulas' house. They fatally shot themselves the next day outside City Hall after being called in for questioning.
Danielle Jelinek, 28, of Oakdale, has been missing since December. They were last seen at the home of a man in Chisago Lake Township, Aaron Schnagl, 28, who is in custody on other charges. They have refused to cooperate with police. Family members have said that they were an infrequent friend who had been physically abusive to Jelinek.
Kira Trevino's husband, Jeffery Trevino, 39, has been charged with two counts of second-degree murder in their disappearance. Their trial is scheduled to begin May 28.
Ramsey County Attorney John Choi in a statement said their office intends “to prove second-degree murder against the defendant and seek justice for Kira's family.”
Dennis Gerhardstein, a spokesperson for the office, said it's too early to tell how the recovery of Trevino's body could affect the case. Long before a body was recovered, authorities had expressed confidence in their case. It's unclear whether an amended complaint will be released. Jeffery Trevino's attorney did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment.
According to charges, Kira Trevino, whose legal last name had remained Steger after their marriage, was last seen leaving the Mall of America after having dinner with their husband.
On Feb. 24, they reported their missing, and the following day, their car was found in a mall ramp.
Kira Trevino's parents, Jay and Marcie Steger, hold a sketch of their daughter.
A search of the couple's home on St. Paul's East Side revealed copious amounts of blood and evidence of an alleged cleanup and cover-up. Police also discovered evidence that Jeffery Trevino purchased cleaning supplies on Feb. 23.
Later, civilian searches also turned up evidence at Keller Regional Park in Maplewood, including a plastic bag inside of which was a pillow that had blood matching Kira Trevino's DNA, charges said.
Now that searches have ended, Steger said they hope that justice will be served and he'll be watching. They plan to attend all of the hearings.
“Even though we found the body, we're still not healed properly, they said. “We've still got a long process to go through.”
Staff writers Chao Xiong and Kelly Smith contributed to this report.
Twitter: @stribnorfleet
In the near future, we plan on hosting our first Blitz tournament. If you have a team interested in participating you can sign up. We will allow players without a team to sign up as solo players. Solo players will later be matched with other players to create a new team or placed in teams that are missing players. All skill levels are welcome!
* Blitz, formerly known as Flag Run. Is the new Unreal Tournament game mode, by default played 5 versus 5 on new, game mode specific maps. A Blitz match consists of up to 6 rounds where two teams take turns to attack and defend.
Attackers main objective is to deliver their flag to the defenders' capture point within the time limit and as fast as they can. Or annihilate the defending team (defenders have only 5 lives while attackers have unlimited lives). In order to attack efficiently, flag carrier uses Rally on marked spots to give teammates ability to teleport to that location.
Defenders objective is to prevent the enemy from delivering their flag to the defenders base within the time limit. The trick is the defenders can't be as aggressive as the attackers because of their limited lives.
Make sure to keep track of the flag carrier at all times to prevent embarrassing defeats.
Fastest total capture time wins!
The rise in the numbers of Quick Play (QP), HUB and PUG Blitz* matches triggered a Reddit post which followed founding ofUnreal Tournament Blitz Community Discord server, where in turn, a Blitz fun tournament was planned:Join UT Blitz Discord and let's play some fun Blitz games! The server consists of mostly European players.If you want to jump in to match of Blitz, enter the game and just click Quick Play Blitz.
Neil Young is set to release a new album in March titled A Letter Home, Rolling Stone reports.
The title, coupled with Young's description of the album as “one of the lowest-tech experiences I've ever had” set off a wave of speculation earlier today as to whether the songsmith could be alluding to a long-rumored collaboration with Jack White. Young, you may remember, helped christen White's Third Man Record Booth, which is about as low-tech as it gets and produces a “mailable 45” that serves as a kind of letter.
White's Third Man Records later confirmed some level of collaboration between the label and Young, issuing a statement from one “Homer Grosvenor” that cryptically reads, “Third Man Records unearths NEIL YOUNG's A LETTER HOME: An unheard collection of rediscovered songs from the past recorded on ancient electro-mechanical technology captures and unleashes the essence of something that could have been gone forever.”
Additionally, Young's camp confirmed earlier today via the artist's Facebook page that “Neil Young and Jack White are not doing a record of duets.”As White stated just earlier this month that he's “producing two albums this month, and finishing them” before confirming that one of them is their own, it seems fair to assume the other album is indeed Young's.
It was a familiar scenario this week. First the government in Kiev said that Russia was sending convoys of men and weapons to support pro-Moscow separatists in eastern Ukraine. Then U.S. General Philip Breedlove, NATO's top commander in Europe, confirmed those claims, saying “there is no question any more about Russia's direct military involvement in Ukraine.” Their remarks were summarily denied by the Russian Defense Ministry, which said it had stopped paying attention to their “unfounded proclamations.”
The volleys of accusations and counter-accusations over Ukraine started in February, when protesters in Kiev chased President Viktor Yanukovich from office and Russia grabbed Crimea in the ensuing power vacuum. A casual outside observer could be excused for concluding that amid such diametrically opposed positions, the truth must be somewhere in the middle. And that is exactly the impression the Kremlin wants to leave behind.
“It seems that the less the European public believes Breedlove, the more alarmist their anti-Russian pronouncements become,” Igor Konashenkov, the Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson, told journalists on Wednesday. Konashenkov's understanding of cause and effect are revealing, because it hints at the perceived effectiveness of the Kremlin's latest weapon: disinformation on a mass scale and in multiple languages.
President Vladimir Putin sees their country in an “information war” with the West. The underlying assumption is that Western media organizations are linked in a vast conspiracy to defame and undermine Russia, so the Kremlin has no choice but to reply in kind. Since the beginning of the month, Russia's state media holding Rossiya Segodnya has launched an international news agency, called Sputnik, as well as RT Deutsch, a German-language version of broadcaster Russia Today.
The purpose of the media offensive isn't so much to present an alternative point of view as to create a parallel reality where crackpots become experts and conspiracy theories offer explanations for the injustices of the world. The target audience is Western citizens skeptical of their own system of government. The goal is obfuscation.
Lying – blatantly and repeatedly – is considered a legitimate weapon in the arsenal of hybrid warfare that Putin has unleashed in the struggle for Ukraine. Words may seem harmless in comparison to bullets and bombs, but their effect has been no less deadly. Channel One, Russia's flagship state TV channel, casually refers to “genocide” committed by the Kiev government against citizens of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, evoking associations with Nazi Germany's rampage across Ukraine during World War II. By branding the Maidan protest in Kiev as “fascist” because radical fringe groups took part, Channel One went a long way in laying the groundwork for the armed insurrection that followed in eastern Ukraine.
Only hours after I first arrived in Donetsk in March, I was informed that I too was a combatant in the “information war.” At the time, the regional capital was the site of protests by hundreds, sometimes thousands, of angry people waving Russian flags and demanding autonomy. Nobody had ever heard of the publications I write for, but protesters were convinced I was there to slander them. The fact I was marching beside them and trying to find out their grievances only made me more insidious. In my 20 years as a journalist, I had never experienced such hostility – especially from a group that was supposedly facing persecution.
“Why would I be here if I already knew what I was going to write?” I asked the protesters. I got no answer. Besides a few stock phrases about a “referendum” and “the illegitimate Kiev junta,” I also got no answers as to their motivations. It was like trying to have a conversation with a TV – Russian state TV.
There is no ideology behind the Kremlin media campaign. Instead it is founded on a nihilistic view of the world where everybody lies and the ends always justify the means. Just days before Crimea was absorbed into Russia, Putin discounted the possibility of its annexation and disavowed the participation of Russian troops in the peninsula's takeover – contrary to what my colleagues and I had witnessed with our own eyes. Only later did Putin admit in a televised call-in show that Russian servicemen had participated in the invasion, after all.
Putin's cavalier attitude toward the truth in the past makes it hard to believe the Kremlin's denials today that Russian soldiers are backing up the separatists in eastern Ukraine. Not only NATO, but journalists and observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe have observed the movement of unmarked vehicles and armed men without insignia.
The conflicting narratives cause confusion. Of course the truth is not in the middle: either there are or there aren't Russian troops moving around in large numbers in the rebel regions. Yet the ambiguity about who is doing what where is part of the Russian strategy of keeping all options open and the rest of the world guessing what comes next. Putin's decision to “respect” rather than “recognize” farcical elections held in separatist-controlled areas on Nov. 2 is part of that double game.
The danger that all-out fighting will break out again is keeping Kiev on edge. President Petro Poroshenko agreed to a cease-fire in September after a phantom Russian army stepped in to save the rebels from a Ukrainian offensive. The evidence of that intervention came in the form of Russian soldiers taken prisoner on Ukrainian soil and caskets of the dead arriving at army bases across Russia.
The cease-fire, even though it has been hardly respected, was a welcome reprieve for Poroshenko, who was intent on carrying out early parliamentary elections to solidify their mandate for reform. The rebels, too, were keen to legitimize their shadowy leaders with a vote, no matter how flawed.
Now neither side feels particularly compelled to abide by even a semblance of a cease-fire. Kiev cannot tolerate the defiance of the rebel election, and the separatists are interested in seizing strategic assets that will make their territory more economically viable, including the Donetsk airport, the port of Mariupol, and a power plant outside Luhansk. Many Ukrainians fear a massing of Russian forces could forebode a push for a land bridge connecting the separatist regions to the Crimean peninsula.
Putin may be able to create enough uncertainty to make the Ukrainians tear themselves apart. Tensions are rising between Poroshenko and their hawkish prime minister, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, whose party surprisingly inched ahead of the president's in the elections. Rivalries between volunteer units and the regular army are simmering. Many Ukrainians who protested for change last winter are disillusioned.
Putin is in a position to wait and see. NATO can protest all it wants, the Kremlin denials are forthcoming. They're standard operating procedure.
PHOTO TOP: A chicken walks near a residential block and a car damaged by recent shelling in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine, Nov. 6, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev
PHOTO INSET 1: U.S. General Philip Breedlove, NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe attends official welcoming ceremony in Sofia, Bulgaria, Nov. 12, 2014. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
Images taken July 1 and 2, 2010 by the New Solar Telescope at the Big Bear Solar Observatory reveals up-close details of a sunspot like never before. Full Story
Scientists may be one step closer to unraveling the mystery of sunspots — the dark and magnetic blemishes on the surface of our nearest star.
These sunspots are thought to occur when increased magnetic activity inhibits the flow of heat onto a patch of the sun, causing it to darken. But the ultimate source of that boost of magnetism has remained unclear.
Now researchers say the formation of hydrogen molecules may decrease the pressure on certain areas of the sun's surface, allowing runaway magnetic fields to form and intensify.
"We think that molecular hydrogen plays an important role in the formation and evolution of sunspots," said Sarah Jaeggli, a solar scientist who conducted the research while studying at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, in a statement.
The sun is mostly made of hydrogen — the element makes up 90 percent of the sun's atoms, while helium contributes about 10 percent, and only 0.13 percent is everything else. Because the sun is so extremely hot (an average of 9944 degrees Fahrenheit, or 5,500 degrees Celsius) this hydrogen is generally in the form of single ionized atoms — that is, only the hydrogen nucleus — floating around in gaseous form.
However, inside sunspots the surface of the sun can cool enough to allow two hydrogen atoms to bond together to form hydrogen molecules. [Photos: Sunspots on Earth's Closest Star]
When two atoms combine into one molecule, the pressure it exerts is about half the pressure of the two particles it used to be. And when the pressure decreases like this, the magnetic fields can further intensify.
"The formation of a large fraction of molecules may have important effects on the thermodynamic properties of the solar atmosphere and the physics of sunspots," Jaeggli said.
During the initial stage of sunspot emergence and cooling, the formation of H2 may trigger a temporary "runaway" magnetic field intensification. The magnetic field prevents the flow of energy from inside the sun to the outside, and the sunspot cools as the energy shines into space. They form hydrogen molecules that take half the volume of the atoms, thus dropping pressure and concentrating the magnetic field, and so on. (Image: © Adapted from Jaeggli, 2011; sunspot image by F. Woeger et al.)
To test this theory, Jaeggli and their colleagues Haosheng Lin of the University of Hawaii at Manoa and Han Uitenbroek of the National Solar Observatory in Sunspot, N.M., observed the sun with the Dunn Solar Telescope at Sunspot, N.M.
While scientists cannot directly observe hydrogen molecules on the sun, they searched for a stand-in, the molecule hydroxyl, which contains one hydrogen atom and one oxygen atom. Because this molecule breaks up at a lower temperature than molecular hydrogen, the team knew that where hydroxyl is found, hydrogen molecules can also exist.
"We found evidence that significant quantities of hydrogen molecules form in sunspots that are able to maintain magnetic fields stronger than 2,500 Gauss," Jaeggli said. For comparison, Earth's magnetic field is about one-half Gauss.
The researchers plan to compare their observations to computer simulations. They also hope to gather more observations as the sun ramps up in its 11-year cycle toward a maximum of magnetic activity in 2013, which should provide many more examples of sunspots to behold.
Editor's Note: This story was corrected to reflect the fact that hydrogen makes up 90 percent of the sun's atoms, not its mass.
You can follow SPACE.com assistant managing editor Clara Moskowitz on Twitter @ClaraMoskowitz. Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
The following Shadowrun books are on the upcoming schedule (in no particular order). When we have street dates and previews, those will be posted to the blog page.
Run Faster (Core Player Handbook)
Every step, every advantage, every millisecond counts. The streets of the Sixth World are mean, and if they want to stay alive, shadowrunners need every advantage they can get to gain a step on the opposition. Fortunately, Run Faster is full of them. With it, you can learn about more metatypes for characters, including hobgoblins, giants, centaurs, and sasquatch; acquire new qualities, such as Disgraced, Hawk Eye, and Lightning Reflexes; and, if you dare, dabble with the dangerous and deadly Infected.
Run Faster also has advice on fleshing out characters of different metatypes, expanded contact and lifestyle rules, and alternate character creation methods to help ensure that players can build exactly the character they want.
All these options make Run Faster a crucial companion to players who want to get the most out of their Shadowrun, Fifth Edition core rulebook.
Crimson (A Novel by Kevin R. Czarnecki)
Thanksgiving, 2075. Shadow running vampire-mage Rick “Red” Lang used to make their living hunting dangerous insect spirits and twisted mages, but when they awaken after twelve years of involuntary hibernation, they find the rest of the world has gotten even stranger.
Red begins piecing together what had happened during their lost time–and who put them under in the first place. But as they journey through the neon-drenched ruins of Chicago and its augmented facades, Red uncovers an even larger plot involving eldritch forces seeking to invade from beyond our reality. They team up with the few allies they can trust–Pretty, a beautiful ghoul, and Slim, a hacker extraordinaire–as they head into the middle of multiple schemes and power players surrounding a dangerous new conflict threatening to shatter the uneasy peace into all-consumings chaos.
London Falling (Compiled Convention Adventures)
London—where the thick fog (sounds nicer than smog, doesn't it) makes for some truly deep shadows. Every crooked street, every cramped building holds a secret or two, as well as a person or two who will go to great lengths to ensure those secrets are kept. There is, for instance, the dark secret of a minor noble who has not been seen in Parliament in months. And the researcher who has a startlingly large amount of people interested in their work. The courier who carries one secret in their head and another in their gut. And an explosive secret that has been festering in the West End Underplex for years or even decades.
Skilled runners have the chance to uncover these secrets and more, but they'd better be ready for the forces of the world that would prefer to keep things covered up. They are tenacious, dangerous, and, perhaps most surprising for England, not at all polite.
London Falling features four adventures for Shadowrun set in London. Initially designed especially for gaming conventions, these adventures are now available to all players who want to dive in and see if they can survive the challenges of the Big Smoke.
London Falling has stats that allow it to be compatible for both Shadowrun, Fifth Edition and Shadowrun, Twentieth Anniversary Edition.
Borrowed Time (A Novel by R. L. King)
JackPointer mage Winterhawk left the shadows at the top of their game: these days they indulge their curiosity about all things mysterious and magical on their own terms. But he's about to discover that the shadows are hard to leave behind, and old enemies have their ways of drawing them back in.
Dosed with an exotic arcane poison that will kill them in days unless they retrieve a powerful magical artifact, 'Hawk has to assemble a team fast and think even faster, because he's not the only one tracking down the prize. Their team is hardly the well-oiled machine he's accustomed to: an old friend with major trust issues, an old rival who hates everything 'Hawk stands for, a decker who annoys everyone they meet, a samurai who's only in it for the money, and a gunslinger who may have their own agenda.
With their life on the line and the clock ticking fast, 'Hawk must survive the mean streets of Los Angeles and the magical hellscape of the Australian Outback while keeping their mismatched team from imploding before they finish the job. But when the artifact is revealed to be far more than it seems, Winterhawk is forced to make a choice that could affect the lives of millions—to say nothing of their own.
Lockdown (A Crossover Plot Book)
The voices are getting louder. Strange voices, dissonant voices, sometimes babbling nonsense, sometimes telling stories too unbelievable to be true. People are falling prey to the voices, losing their identities as someone or something else slips into their skin. It's affecting people at all levels of society, from squatters in burned-out warehouses to corporate CEOs. It's spreading, and no one can figure out how to stop it. Boston-based NeoNET is at the center of this storm, and panic is spreading through the streets of the northeastern sprawl. People are scared and people are dying, which means that there are large sums of money to be made by any shadowrunner willing to brave those chaotic streets. Finding work won't be the problem. Getting out of the sprawl, however, will be.
Lockdown is a plot sourcebook for Shadowrun, Fifth Edition with plot hooks, setting details of Boston, character details, and surprising reveals that will keep characters on their toes and running for their lives. With rich plot information and game mechanics for a new breed of cognitive fragmentation disorder sufferers, Lockdown can play a vital role in enthralling Shadowrun campaigns while continuing the unfolding story of the Sixth World.
Deniable Assets (A Novel by Mel Odom)
Shadowrunner Katar Hawke knows the score on the streets. Every job is to be executed as swiftly and simply as possible—no muss, no fuss, and with as little help as possible. But when a simple extraction of a seemingly ordinary grad student from a Central American dig goes south in a big way, Hawke has to keep them both alive while they figure out what he's stumbled into—and how to get out of it in one piece.
But nothing about this shadowrun is remotely ordinary. The student, Rachel Gordon, has uncovered lost writings that may point to an artifact linking the Sixth World and the long gone, magical Second World. The discovery sets off a lethal chain reaction of feuding megacorporations and cold-blooded killers who will do anything to get their hands on them and what they know. Caught in the hardest of hard places, Hawke must break their cardinal rule and assemble their own shadowrunning team to survive what's coming at him. But in the end, it all comes down to one question: will they sell out Rachel to the highest bidder, or join their quest to find a true artifact that could change the face of the Sixth World forever?
Bloody Business (Campaign Book)
A scared megacorporation does not run and hide in the shadows. Instead it lashes out, swiping with sharp claws, not caring who gets caught by the blows. Many of the megacorps are currently reeling, hit by multiple harsh blows. NeoNET and Evo are dealing with the fallout of the CFD virus, Ares has powerful forces eating it away from inside, Horizon backed the losing side of the Aztlan-Amazonia war, and the Japanacorps are rearing back to take on the world—and each other. When the corps get aggressive, shadowrunners get called, and blood gets shed. In this campaign book, players have a chance to earn piles of money from the megacorps, and then use their best moves to survive long enough to collect it.
Bloody Business is a campaign book for Shadowrun, Fifth Edition.
The Battle of Manhattan (Adventure)
Come to Manhattan. We will pay.
We won't bother with appeals to patriotism, or to your best instincts, or to anything the least bit noble. Come to Manhattan because there is a fight breaking out. Fighting is what you are paid for. Fighting is what you were born for. Come because there is money to be made.
You don't need to pick a side. Sides shift, sides change. In the end, the only consistent thing is that you are the only one you can count on. You fight for yourself. That is something you should be used to. That is how you live.
Come to Manhattan because the corporations are spoiling for a fight. Most of the time, we're good at keeping our spats clean and civilized. We lie, we cheat, we steal, but we do not engage in anything as vulgar as open street fighting. Sometimes, though, we can't help ourselves. Sometimes, the tension gets to be too much, and it breaks, and it bursts into the open.
That time is coming.
Bring your skills, bring your wits, and definitely bring your guns. You'll need everything you got. We are anxious to take advantage of what you have.
Come to Manhattan. We're waiting for you.
The Battle of Manhattan is the third in the Boardroom Backstabs series of adventures; includes stats that allow it to be compatible for both Shadowrun, Fifth Edition and Shadowrun, Twentieth Anniversary Edition.
Data Trails (Core Rulebook Expansion)
The last great undiscovered country is vast, wild, and weirder than you can possibly imagine. And it's nearby, waiting, accessible by the press of a button, or a simple gesture, or even just a thought. The Matrix holds a whole lot more than selfies and cat videos—it has artificial intelligences, electronic ghosts of people formerly alive (or perhaps still living), and deep wells of pure data that can swallow you whole. Oh, and a copy of every secret ever recorded electronically. The possible rewards of exploration are great, and the dangers are greater.
Data Trails is the Matrix sourcebook for Shadowrun, Fifth Edition, offering more options for decker and technomancer characters, including qualities, programs, gear and more. With detailed examinations of hacker culture, information on diving deep into immersive hosts, and briefings on the strange sites hidden in dark corners of the Matrix, Data Trails is a vital resource for any Shadowrun players involved in the omnipresent flow of information. Non-Matrix specialists have chances to get in on the adventures as well, with game details explaining how their skills and expertise translate into the wild virtual world.
Data Trails is for use with Shadowrun, Fifth Edition.
Considering that some House Republicans voted for the new Trumpcare bill without even reading it, can we be surprised that President Donald Trump themselves isn't up-to-date on the health care systems in other countries?
During a meeting on Thursday night with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump began with what they probably thought was a simultaneous plug for the American Health Care Act and scathing takedown of the Affordable Care Act.
Advertisement:
"It's a very good bill right now. The premiums are going to come down, very substantially. The deductibles are going to come down. It's going to be fantastic health care. Right now Obamacare is failing. We have a failing health care," Trump said.
Then they unwisely added, "I shouldn't say this to our great gentleman and my friend from Australia, because you have better health care than we do."
What Trump most likely didn't know was that Australia has a universal health care system called Medicare, one that guarantees free access to doctors and hospitals and only requires private health insurance for services like certain dentist visits, ambulance services, and most physiotherapy.
As Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., told CNN's Anderson Cooper, "Well Mr President, you're right, in Australia and every other major country on Earth they guarantee health care to all people. They don't throw 24 million people off health insurance. So maybe when we get to the Senate we should start off with looking at the Australian health care system."
The Republican bill, in addition to throwing millions off their health care, will repeal Obamacare provisions such as those that protected individuals with preexisting conditions from discrimination.
Coloring Comic Books Before Computers
by Gary Scott Beatty
Gary Scott Beatty runs Aazurn Publishing, is publisher of “Indie Comics Magazine” and recently wrote the comic book retailer story “Number One.” The first alternative comic they produced (They were called “underground” then) was on their high school's ditto machine, after hours, without permission. Their Xeric Grant Winner “Jazz: Cool Birth,” a jazz club murder mystery, was inspired by ‘50s album cover design. They also color and letters for the industry. Find out more at Gary Scott Beatty.com.
I received some polite emails from Kel in England this month, looking into how comics were colored for printing before the advent of computers. The student was writing a paper and needed to come up with information. "No problem," I thought. How wrong I was.
I sent the poor boy on a trip to their local color print shop, to ask someone in production (I suggested someone over 40 years of age) how they used to cut Rubylith to mask for colors. Now, I've been in computer production since 1987, but I certainly remember cutting "ruby" for masks and figured the boy could find an old timer who knew their stuff. No such luck!
An internet search on my part also yielded nothing. Apparently Rubylith is still used in silk screening (good for them - we used to joke about the investor who held on to their Rubylith or Zipatone stock, hoping it would rise some day) but I could find nothing written about separations before computers. For the record, I never colored a comic this way, but I did plenty of overlays for newspapers and printers and can guess at the processes.
We at CAD like to be at the cutting edge of written communication, so, as a public service, here it is. The best article on the net on this subject because it is, apparently, the only article on the net on this subject.
Printing before the advent of computers used two processes for separating colors into CMYK (Cyan, Magenta, Yellow and Black). One process was to shoot separations from the photograph or artwork with a stat camera, ending up with four pieces of film that could be stripped together onto a larger project. The other process, used by comic book companies to color their black line drawings, was to use overlays.
The technique was to use three pieces of acetate lined up on top of each other over the artwork page, each representing C, M or Y. Usually this acetate was rubylith, a product still used in screen printing today (to print on material and other substrates). Where the reddish film was cut away from the acetate ink would not print. Where the film was left ON the acetate, the camera negative would leave a blank spot, and ink would print.
If that sounds complex wait, there's more. Separators would then use screens, dot patterns on sticky acetate, to create the screened back colors. I believe the only screens they used were 25 percent, 50 percent and 75 percent. These were then stuck on the three acetate overlays.
The process is why early comic books used a limited color palette. 100 percent cyan and 100 percent magenta is a deep blue; 25 percent cyan is a nice sky color; 100 percent magenta and 100 percent yellow is a bright red; 100 percent cyan and 100 percent yellow is a bright green; and so on.
I like to add 30 percent cyan to my reds to deepen the tone. Imagine the addition to the separator's workload to cut screens by hand for each red before the advent of computers.
As far as I know, there was no way to check their work. Comic companies on a tight budget were probably not willing to shell out the extra bucks for color proofs. The separators' work went right from rubylith overlays to the camera to shoot plates. That is why a plate is occassionally missing from a color in older comics.
Add to this that they were skilled craftsmen, usually working for printers, not comic companies (one notable exception being Marie Severin, who was on the staff at EC comics) and that they were working on deadline each month, churning out many pages a day. I have a great respect for these generally unknown people.
Some artists for independent companies throughout the early years became interested in doing their own overlays, since all kinds of dot patterns were available on acetate, including gradients. These movements were short lived, probably when the artists realized how hard it was.
Much of the coloring in the first 35 years of comic books was crude and rushed, but the same can be said for the writing, pencilling, inking and lettering. That is why, when an early comic in bright primaries is well executed using just the right colors to tell the story, with a limited palette, I am very impressed.
Coloring, Part Two, 2000
I first noticed the change in comic book coloring in the mid-1980s. First, common solid colors were replaced by more complicated color palettes. Then gradients - a soft blending of two or more colors, called "grads" in the industry - starting appearing everywhere. I started using Adobe Photoshop software for a printing company in 1987, so I knew what was happening. Companies were trying to color comics on computers.
Early on, it must have taken forever to color a page. Even coloring at 150 dots per inch and increasing the resolution later to 300 for printing was slow in those days. The patient artist who allowed their work to be pixellated in the early days must have been sweating bullets - it was all so new there were no systems and standards. The black line art was likely to be choppy.
By early 1990 coloring was getting out of hand. Every bump was formed with a grad, every belt buckle had a lens flare and every strand of hair was 3D. In my opinion, it took a while for the initial excitement of what COULD be done gave way to a real assessment of what SHOULD be done. I admire the painterly approach, as long as the basics of painting are applied. Much of that early 1990s stuff ignored (A) where the light was coming from, (B) shaping the figure instead of hiding it and (C) separating foreground from background.
Today (12/00) there are a variety of artistic approaches. In the new Crossgen Comics line, artists, inkers and colorists work side by side for a unified approach and, although complicated, the coloring helps the artwork instead of hiding it. Many Vertigo comics (DC) use a variety of greyed colors, difficult to code and proof, but interesting after a printing press lays down the inks. Solid colors without grads are making a comeback. I personally love to see just the right, bright solids working together on a page.
Comic book coloring has been an obscure, but interesting history to follow over the decades, combining technology with artistry and a hefty dose of comic fan opinion. Dave McKean has been a hit with their photo collage covers for over a decade and some artists have experimented with photo interiors. Can comic interiors using all these techniques together be far behind?
Just When You Thought You Knew It All Department - I'm consistently amazed by the little details I can forget to address at my advanced age. By email, Curtis points out that coloring with rubylith is even more complicated than I detail below, due to SCREEN ANGLES.
Whenever one screen of a different percentage is printed on top of another, the screens must be angled to avoid moire patterns, which are psychedelic looking swirls. Computers figure these angles automatically (did you ever notice, in your printer's preferences, choices for percentages in your CMYK output?) but someone cutting by hand would have to have some other way to angle the screens, either by eyeing it (seems impossible to me) or by shooting the solid ruby in a stat camera to create screens (seems inordinately expensive and complex - figure CMYK plus 25% CMYK plus 50% CMYK plus 75% CMYK and you have 16 overlays).
"I've actually dropped colors in by hand like this (I use amberlith)," wrote Curtis. "and it gets very complicated. I really can't see how anyone ever even thought of doing it like that. I'm not an old timer, just a young graphics afficionado who has been taught the old fashioned ways.
"On a side note I believe different approached were tried in the seventies with separate overlays done for the original art and using the process camera to shoot them individually and then burning a contact neg from the separate percentages and grads - but I'm not sure on that one," wrote Curtis. "I know things like that have been used in printing in general though."
Thanks for your input, Curtis. This will give me one more thing to track down with the upcoming comic convention season on the way. Anyone who has seen an old timer doing a complex skill by hand knows they can move pretty fast. Maybe it WAS all done by hand! I'd end up cutting off a finger or two with the Exacto blade.
Coloring, Part Three, 2005
Khouri wrote in to clarify the coloring processes discussed in "Coloring Comic Books Before Computer," parts one and two of which have been in our article section (above) for some time.
Their father was, and still is, in the prepress business, which explains them being involved with the Kaleidescope software.
Khouri wrote:
In the late 80's I wrote software to run on a PC for doing vector based spot color. The primary reason was for Sunday newspaper inserts like for your local supermarket. Some comic illustrators got wind of it and immediately became our most prolific users.
It was a bit like Illustrator, except Illustrator wasn't around yet for me to copy. The output was primarily to PostScript film output on a Linotype machine although I also wrote a rasterizer for color thermal printer proofs. It was called Kaleidescope, but we sold the software and I lost track of what happened to it after a few years. I know that Image comics made huge use of it.
Anyway, I can add some more history to your article. The coloring process was explained to me by people at Marvel when we were recoloring some classic comics for hard cover books they were producing.
The 11 x 17 inked and lettered final art board was photocopied 66 percent to final size. The colorist specs out what colors go where by penciling in codes like R50Y50 for 50 percent yellow and 50 percent magenta. They used "red" and "blue" instead of "magenta" and "cyan."
These marked up photocopies were sent out to work-at-home moms with a stack of pin-register punched acetate (not the more expensive rubylith) and pot of "opaque" (a water soluble paint that comes as a solid like those water color kit books I get for my kids now).
These people were paid by the page, so they could go as fast or slow as they wanted, as long as the work was correct. Most were probably paid per hour below what would be minimum wage.
They would use the opaque to paint in the areas on the acetate that were to get the color. They made one acetate each for Y25, Y50, Y, R25, R50, R, B25, B50 and B. Back at the shop, they make contact negatives in a vacuum frame and at the same time put together 16 pages for a full printing plate. Now they have three masks per color, one each for 25 percent, 50 percent and 100 percent. Then they make the plates, exposing each color plate three times, using the 25 percent with a 25 percent screen, etc.
Khouri: Thank you very much for writing, that clears up a lot. I've cut Ruby, but never went through any process this elaborate.
This also explains why some of the coloring was obviously made with a brush, instead of the crisp lines of a knife. You can tell who was on a crushing deadline by how many brush strokes (and brush stroke mistakes) are visible in certain '60s comics.
It's amazing that this complicated process was less expensive than simply painting color on a single overlay and shooting the color plates from that! Labor, it appears, was cheaper than using the available technology.
And, now that you mention it, I think I remember hearing about Kaleidescope.
Khouri wrote back:
Also, the opaqued acetate process is a lot more tolerant of variations in the process like how old the developer chemicals are. At that time, to make a color separation of a painting required three exposures (a fourth for a black, but we'll ignore that) through a halftone screen. The exposure time and processing of that film is critical. The halftone screen is a large film with fuzzy continuous tone dots on it and is meant to be in contact with the exposed film. They are expensive and if one gets a scratch, that scratch will show up in everything that is halftoned with it, so the halftone screen then becomes garbage.
All that analog stuff makes me shudder.
So, with the process they were using, even the skilled labor could be less skilled and cheaper. They could change their film processing chemicals less frequently, reducing costs there. All this stuff adds up.
Thanks for writing in, Khouri! Call me a techy geek, but I love this stuff. I look on it as an unsung skill in the history of comics.
Comments on our can be referred to Gary at gary -at- comicartistsdirect -dot- com. All artwork copyright © by its respective artists and publishers.
To find out about how to appear in INDIE COMICS MAGAZINE, Visit Indie Comics Magazine.com and click on Submissions!
Eleven years ago, before my son was born, my wife and I were shopping for a house.
The common advice of the day was to buy a house that you could barely afford, because you would get increasing pay raises every year that would make the house payment cheaper than time folds.
Another piece of advice was to not make extra payments on your house, but instead invest that money in the stock market. While I don't entirely disagree with that advice, I have to say the stock market route didn't pan out for most of us!
Even though I respected the friends giving the advice above, I ignored both of these paths because they weren't the best paths for me.
Since I hate debt, I couldn't justify buying a house that would cost me more than three times my salary. Once I had the mortgage, I tried to pay it off as quickly as possible, using self-defined milestones that would make paying back debt if not an enjoyable experience, at least a bearable experience.
Why 30 Year Instead of 15-Year Mortgage
Now since I already stated that I'm not a fan of debt, you would think that I purchased a 15 year mortgage, but I didn't. At the time the interest rates were high enough that I had to go with a 30 year mortgage because of the smaller monthly payment. Another factor in the equation is that my wife planned on being a SAHM someday. Since we knew that my wife's salary wouldn't be coming in as an income stream, we needed to get the most house for my salary without creating a hardship for us financially. Unfortunately, at that time, that meant getting a 30 year mortgage.
So I took out a 30 year mortgage, how did I pay my house off in 10 years?
Well, for the first year, while my wife was still working, we doubled down our payments on the monthly payment, putting the entire extra payment towards principal. The after that I continued to put and extra 50% towards the payment until it was paid off. During a period when finances temporarily got difficult, I only put $100 dollars extra towards the principal. Later, I made up the extra payments by using the money back from our taxes. But having such flexibility might not have been the case if we had the larger 15-year mortgage monthly payment.
About six years into paying off the mortgage, I was able to refinance (for free through Well Fargo) and at that time I was able to choose a 15 year mortgage since both the interest rate were down and my payment would have been $200 less than the current payment at the time.
So in conclusion, you have to decide what works best for you and make sure you have some wiggle room. Life and job employment are linear, and having a bit of an extra cushion can really come in handy during crunch periods.
Bests,
MR
I have decided I can no longer remain silent, and it's time to come forward with my story:
Last summer, on June 28th, I saw Arizona Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand place an 8-week old calico kitten in a DeWalt 5-quart blender and press the start button, killing it instantly. They then feasted hungrily on the bloody remains, consuming the poor creature, scales and all. It is the single most vile act of animal cruelty I have ever witnessed, and by coming forward now, I hope to put a spotlight on the problem of animal cruelty.
Update: It has come to my attention that Kirsten Gillibrand is actually a Senator. I regret the error, but I stand by the substance of my story, and by coming forward, I hope to put a spotlight on the problem of animal cruelty.
Update: A zoologist who reads my blog has pointed out that the material covering the skin of domestic cats is technically referred to as fur not scales. I acknowledge their superior grasp of feline anatomy and I regret my error, however I still stand by the substance of my story and I hope it will put a spotlight on the problem of cruelty to animals.
Update: Further research has revealed that Senator Gillibrand represents New York, not Arizona. I once witnessed Arizona Senator Tom Udall throw an armadillo in a wood chipper, and apparently in my emotional distress I had conflated the two incidents. I regret the error, but I stand by the substance of my story, which I hope to put a spotlight on the problem of mistreatment of animals.
Update: Friends have pointed out that on June 28th of last year I was actually in Kentucky attending the wedding of my cousin Margery. Still, I'm sure the incident must have been in June or early July. Maybe August. Anyway, I regret the error, but I stand by the substance of my story. And I hope this will put a spotlight on the problem of cruelty against animals.
Update: A spokesperson from the DeWalt corporation has apprised me of the fact that DeWalt is a manufacturer of portable power tools, not kitchen appliances. I once witnessed George Clooney cut the head off a goat with a reciprocating saw and I had conflated the two incidents. The implement used by Senator Gillibrand was actually a Hitachi blender. I apologize to the DeWalt corporation for my error, but I stand by the rest of my story, which I hope will put a spotlight on the problem of mistreatment of animals.
Update: Dearest visitors, loyal readers, it is with a heavy heart and a sorrowful soul that I put pen to paper to write this paragraph. After extensive consultation and prayer with my spiritual advisers, I have come to realize that I may have inadvertently posted a message earlier today that might have lead some readers to incorrectly conclude that I had seen New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand kill a kitten in a blender and consume the entrails.
I apologize if any of you feel I may have misled you, and while I regret the error, the issue of cruelty to animals is a serious one, so I hope it's just putting more of a spotlight on the problem. I hope it's not undermining our advocacy, because this is important.
I'm sure Senator Gillibrand will understand, because they expressed a similar sentiment when said they hope the recent news coverage of the UVA campus rape hoax will put a spotlight on the problem of campus rape:
Update: I'm sorry. Every sane person knows that using false or highly suspect examples to support your argument is a good way to undermine the very because you're fighting for. I only wrote that earlier stuff because somebody gave me a bad batch of Flakka. I don't know what Senator Gillibrand's explanation is. Maybe they use the same Flakka dealer.
(Hat tip: Simple Justice.)
Related
BOULDER, CO – Avery Brewing Company will host its inaugural Boulder IPA Fest on Saturday September 8th from 12-5 p.m.
Be they dank or piney or floral or tart, spiced or fruited or dry-hopped or wet, Double or Imperial, a little of some or all those together, please join us to celebrate India Pale Ale in all of its iterations and strengths!
Tickets are $35 and include 16 4-oz pours, live music, and a commemorative pint glass. All tickets go on sale on Friday, August 17 at 9am (MDT) and will be available both online and in the Avery Tap Room. Proceeds will benefit Trips for Kids, which opens the world of cycling to at-risk youth.
The event will take place at the brewery located at 5763 Arapahoe Avenue in Boulder, Colo.
AirAsia X stalls on flight refunds for cancelled Adelaide to Kuala Lumpur route
Updated
Adelaide travellers left high and dry when AirAsia X cancelled all its South Australian flights in January are still chasing refunds more than three months later.
The Malaysian-based budget airline cited a lack of profits for pulling out of the Adelaide to Kuala Lumpur route barely one year after commencing.
It made the announcement in December, promising pre-booked passengers either a timely refund within 14 days, credit for another flight, or the chance to be rerouted from Melbourne or Perth, provided the passenger made their way interstate at their own expense.
Three months later and the airline's Facebook page and a number of online forums have been littered with comments from irate people fed-up with ongoing "excuses" for failing to refund passengers.
Karl Moore from Mylor said they were promised a refund within 14 business days but none was forthcoming, leaving them out of pocket for their overseas holiday, which they needed to rebook with another airline.
After ringing the airline, they were promised the money within 30 business days, but "once again, no refund".
Air Asia is not being held responsible and they're basically getting away with stealing peoples' money. Jodie McDonnell
"After about 50 business days I really started to contact them more and more frequently and I just got the same response, 'we've escalated your request and will have the money to you'," Mr Moore said.
"They even went so far about three weeks ago to tell me that the money had actually been transferred, and it should appear in my bank in the next few days.
"That didn't happen either, and when I contacted my bank, they said, 'no, we've had no payment from AirAsia X'."
Mr Moore said they then contacted the airline again to find out what happened.
"They said, 'oh, we've escalated your request'," they said.
"I said, 'I thought it had been refunded?', so their story was changing."
Mr Moore said they went online and saw 'hundreds of comments' on AirAsia X's Facebook pages and realised they were not alone. They have now started a new Facebook page dedicated to AirAsia X refund delays.
A litany of excuses over $2,364
Jodie McDonnell from Aberfoyle Park said they purchased tickets for a party of four on August 25. After hearing in December that the airline had retracted business operations from Adelaide, they contacted AirAsia X and requested a refund.
Like Mr Moore, their party were left out of pocket for the holiday as they had to purchase tickets with another airline.
Ms McDonnell said they received an email saying the amount of $2,364 would be refunded within 30 business days from January 2.
"That expired on February 12 so I contacted them again, and they said they had made a mistake and it was, in fact, 30 business days from February 6.
"But they won't confirm that in writing for me. They don't send anything by email and they've never contacted me. I contact them."
Ms McDonnell said their travel insurance did not cover passenger who were booked on flights that have been cancelled by the airline and that based on everyone else's story, they were not expecting the money any time soon.
In a statement to the ABC, an AirAsia X spokesperson said payment delays had been experienced due to the airlines refund system brought about by "rapid growth and volume due to recent route cancellations exacerbated by [crashed flight] QZ8501".
Once the migration is complete on March 16, all pending and backlog refunds will be processed within two months and handed over to respective payment channels. AirAsia spokeperson
They said the refund process was being "migrated to a new centralised platform, which should help us process outstanding refunds in a timelier manner and refunds moving forward".
"Once the migration is complete on March 16, all pending and backlog refunds will be processed within two months and handed over to respective payment channels - banks and credit card issuers," the spokeperson said.
They said AirAsia X would issue $50 gift vouchers online to all guests once their refunds were processed as a "token of our appreciation for continued patience".
Ms McDonnell said it had been three months, which was not an acceptable time for any business.
"If I withdrew my business owing money, then the Australian Taxation Office would be on me in seconds and would want me to be held responsible," they said.
"AirAsia is not being held responsible and they're basically getting away with stealing peoples' money."
Mr Moore said they had been in contact with the Department for Foreign Affairs, which, after contacting AirAsia X, had secured a promise from the airline that everyone affected by the route cancellation would be contacted within the week.
"That didn't happen either," they said.
The Attorney-General's Department said since June 2014, the state's consumer watchdog, Consumer and Business Services (CBS), had received 38 complaints regarding AirAsia, including six in the past week.
Of those disputes, 21 had been resolved successfully through conciliation and the CBS was continuing to work with customers to resolve the outstanding issues.
The ACCC has also been contacted for comment.
Victorians faced 'misleading conduct'
Earlier this year, hundreds of Kuala Lumpur passengers from Victoria were left chasing refunds after the carrier sold tickets for a direct flight between Melbourne and Bali late last year without having permission to fly the route.
The flight instead had to be rerouted through Kuala Lumpur, adding an extra 14 hours to what was going to be a five-and-a-half hour trip, as well as accommodation costs.
A spokesperson for consumer group Choice described it as "misleading conduct".
The company denied it had misled customers and said it was permissible for airlines to advertise and sell tickets subject to gaining regulatory approvals on a route.
Topics: government-and-politics, states-and-territories, travel-and-tourism, community-and-society, adelaide-5000, sa
First posted
Just goes to show, never trust a crook.
When they were robbed of over $100 million in Bitcoin, the victims of one of the largest virtual currency thefts in recent history went looking for the culprit. They spent countless hours putting the vaunted anonymity of Bitcoin to the test, all for nothing; whoever the mystery figure behind the Sheep Marketplace theft may be, they or they probably converted the coin to actual cash some time ago.
Sheep Marketplace was one of the darknet sites that sprang up after Silk Road went to its reward. It existed to help people purchase illegal goods online, but when a user allegedly exploited a bug in the system and stole 5,400 Bitcoin, Sheep Marketplace collapsed. "Your money, our provisions, all was stolen," said Sheep's administrators. Sheep's customers didn't believe that story, and suspected that the balance in their accounts - over $100 million worth in Bitcoin - had been stolen by Sheep.
They went looking for the stash. Bitcoin is notoriously difficult to trace, but they figured they had an advantage. A small Bitcoin amount is just one of many in the stream, but $100 million worth - over 90,000 Bitcoin - is a substantial amount, and would probably leave a trail. The hunt went on for days, as the victims began closing in on what they believed was their Bitcoin wallet.
Except it wasn't their wallet at all. Yes, it was a substantial amount of Bitcoin, but the victims hadn't found the thief. They'd found BTC-E, a digital currency exchange that handles roughly 33% of the world's Bitcoin transactions. All those days of effort, wasted.
"I'm going home," announced one of the main investigators on Reddit. "I'm tired, I've got no milk in the fridge, and I need to go back to my day job of driving about in a van, solving mysteries."
Nobody knows who has Sheep's cash; one suspect has gone to the Czech newspapers in an attempt to clear their name. But whoever did shear Sheep probably turned the Bitcoin into cash long ago, like a sensible criminal.
Source: Guardian
About First Friday Art Trail First Friday Art Trail is a free, self-guided public art happening that has taken Lubbock to the forefront of the Texas art scene. Held predominately in the Lubbock Cultural District, this event brings together collectors, artists and community friends for an evening of art, music and fun. Featuring a variety of art centers, museums, galleries and businesses, First Friday Art Trail offers an ever-changing array of art exhibits in all media. Whether an avid art collector, or a lover of beautiful things, First Friday Art Trail offers something for everyone!
Held from 6-9pm, rain or shine, on the first Friday of every month, this progressive art event is sure to delight visitors with a plethora of art experiences. Trail goers can grab a map and explore the trail on their own, or jump aboard one of five free First Friday Trolleys and ride to the galleries along the downtown route.
For millennia, dates have been considered an energy giving tonic by many cultures. Taken to the next level by Ayurveda (the Indian traditional medical system), dates are combined with other healing and energy giving substances – ghee, saffron, cardamom, cinnamon and ginger. Rich and sweet, Dates and Saffron Soaked in Spiced Ghee is said to nourish and revitalize your deepest tissues. This mixture is a classic rasayana, a tonic for rejuvenation. It is also an ancient love potion! Whether you want to love another person, or your life, or just find more happiness in your day, this is definitely or you.
Healing and love making, what more is need from a tonic that is more like a snack than medicine? It is said to strengthen immunity as well as aid digestion.tes and Alm
You might like to also try our Dates Milk to fight Fatigue. Try some other Ayurvedic dishes: Cardamom, Coriander and Fennel Tea, Ginger and Tulsi Tea, and Diet and Consciousness.
Also try Saffron, Dates and Almond Rice, and Saffron and Rose Scented Aubergine.
Have a look at other Date recipes, and our Ayurveda recipes. Or browse our Indian recipes. You might like to check our Late Spring recipes here.
Dates and Saffron Soaked in Spiced Ghee
To make, take 36 – 40 dates, and place in a large jar.
Melt some ghee, about 1.5 – 2 cups. Add a pinch of saffron threads, 0.2 tspn each of cardamom powder, ginger powder and cinnamon powder. Pour the warm ghee over the dates, put the lid on and allow sitting overnight.
Eat one date every morning for renewed energy, health and a little bit more love in your life.
Save
Save
Save
Before I tell you what it is, let me explain why it's a big deal to me. I grew up in Denver in the 1960's. In that time, the Western Conference of the AFL had four teams: the Los Angeles Chargers (who moved to San Diego in 1961), the Dallas Texans (who moved to Kansas City in 1963 and became the Chiefs), the Oakland Raiders and your Denver Broncos.
The Broncos of the 1960's were bad. Really bad. As in never had a winning season the entire decade bad. As a result, I spent many a Sunday afternoon listening to (home games weren't televised back then) or, if I was lucky, watching (if ABC deigned to carry the game that week) the rest of the West pretty much have their way with our boys in Brown/Gold/Orange/Blue. Although we took some pretty good poundings during that woeful decade, no one did it more consistently or with greater disdain than the Oakland Raiders. After chalking up 4 wins against them in the first 3 seasons, we didn't beat them again for the rest of the DECADE. While the Texans/Chiefs and the Chargers were the most successful teams at the very start, by the end of the 1960's the Raiders were the team to beat, and we pretty much never could.
As a result, I HATE the Raiders. I dislike the Chiefs and the Chargers, but I DESPISE the Raiders. I suspect I'm not alone in this, although for some of you, it's probably difficult to picture the Raiders as a team to be feared. Well, back then they were, to the tune of 77 total wins in the decade, to Denver's 39. This was a hole deep enough that I never thought I'd see the day when we'd catch and pass the mighty Raiders. Until today.
Some time this season, probably in October unless something really strange happens, the Denver Broncos will catch and pass the Raiders as the winningest franchise in the AFL/AFC West. The current all-time wins standings for the original Western Conference of the AFL:
Raiders 434
Broncos 432
Chiefs 415
Chargers 408
That's right. Just 3 more wins than the Raiders and the Broncos will have more all time wins, something they haven't had since 1962. And when we win the Super Bowl this year, we'll have caught them there too. Now that's the kind of history I like!
UPDATE:
It's official, Broncos Country. For the first time since 1962, the Broncos have more wins as a franchise than the Raiders. The old AFL West now looks like this:
Broncos 435
Raiders 434
Chiefs 417
Chargers 412
At this point, the only original AFL franchise ahead of us is the Patriots at 441. I can't wait until we reel them it too!
Never, ever, ever underestimate Ryan Giggs. All the talk is of experienced, charismatic European managers to succeed David Moyes as the manager of Manchester United , men such as Jürgen Klopp, but at some point at Old Trafford, Giggs will be manager. It is their destiny.
They have worked hard on their Pro-Licence, getting “badged up” in dressing-room parlance. They studied Sir Alex Ferguson for 20 years, and Moyes for a few months, absorbing lessons, good and bad.
 They are ambitious. And now with Moyes dismissed, United's board have placed the side in the tender hands of Giggs, assisted by Nicky Butt, and the club should consider adding the support of René Meulensteen.
United were always going to be the poorer the moment Moyes signalled that they did not want to retain the Dutchman's coaching expertise and wisdom. Meulensteen has strong opinions and will voice them. Nobody did that to Moyes, who made unchecked mistakes from dugout to press conference.
Installing a Giggs-Butt caretaker axis gives United's board time to find a successor. It also gives the board an opportunity to have a look at Giggs in the role, to assess the reaction of fans and players.
“Management does interest me,'' Giggs told me once. When I asked what a Giggs team would be like, they smiled: “I would like a few wingers in there.''
The emphasis would be on attack, on adventure, on taking on opponents, on raging against the ticking clock and unflattering scorelines, on never giving up. On reverting to the Ferguson way, the United way, after the timidity of Moyes. There would be no deference to rivals from Giggs in their pre-match utterances, a Moyes weakness that has infuriated United followers.
There would be no fear of the media; I helped give them a mock press conference during their Pro-Licence studies at St George's Park and they just could not be caught out. They were polite, controlled, confident. They were in charge. They knew all the ruses; they had watched the laird and master, Ferguson, in action for a couple of decades.
Could they handle the pressure? Yes. This is a man who has lived in the public's scrutiny since their teenaged years and remained sane, whose private life was all over the front pages and yet they remain grounded, if occasionally guarded, with those new to their company.
Otherwise, they are good, frank company. A rare coffee with Giggs is a privilege, an education and a reminder of their managerial potential. It is in their eyes. There is a hardness there, an unrequited hunger for more success. It might stem from their early years, from growing up without a father figure because of the estrangement between their parents.
The father figure in Giggs's life was a manager, a Scot who protected him, chastised him, and helped them fulfil their dreams. The role of the manager is huge for Giggs. No wonder they see their next job in the dugout. Carrington and Old Trafford are their homes.
They have absorbed knowledge from Ferguson down the years, heard the team-talks and noted how Ferguson knew the names of all the staff at Carrington, the names of the schoolboys breaking through, even their parents' names. They really knows only one manager – the best.
Giggs's thirst for knowledge has always kept them ahead of the rest, kept them playing into their 40s, and set them on the path to management. They talk to United's sports scientists on a daily basis, anything to extend their career and understand players better.
They speak to the coaches. They work with the players, taking delight in Adnan Januzaj's hunger to learn. They have talked of the skills required to take on full-backs, the strength needed off the field to deal with the limelight. Giggs is already shaping United's future.
Now embarked on the player-coaching journey, Giggs is still a fighter, still moaning in the dressing-room, admitting that if “someone's made a mistake, I'll let them know”, shouting “what were you thinking?''
If Giggs talks, players listen. They command respect. Partly it is their delivery, which brooks no argument, but it is also the playing pedigree of a man who has won 13 Premier Leagues, four FA Cups, four League Cups and two Champions Leagues, whose blood runs United red.
Great players do not often make great managers. Being able to do skills instinctively is no preparation for explaining them. Legends often lack patience with lesser footballing mortals. Appointing Giggs would run against accepted footballing practice yet there is something special about him, something that radiates “unfinished business” with United.
Meulensteen has never been in any doubt that Giggs possesses the skills-set to dominate a dugout and shape a team's fortunes with their nous rather than their feet.
“Without a shadow of doubt Giggs can be a manager,'' Meulensteen told me in February. “He's got enormous knowledge about the game.
"He's a very good thinker. He'll be a very shrewd decision maker. He's tough. Believe me, Giggs is tough. He'll handle the media and the stress with ease. It's about getting the right guys about him.''
Meulensteen could do that. As a short-term double act, with Butt assisting, it could just work.
--------------------------------------------------------
Get a free £1 entry into a 90-minute live fantasy football contest based just on tonight's Atlético Madrid vs Chelsea 1st leg.
Play now >
NEW YORK ( TheStreet ) -- AAPL ) loyalists have no problems with the moves the company makes when it comes to its products, but moving to a faster product rollout may aggravate the group that matters most: the general public.
Topeka Capital Markets analyst Brian White, in a research note, suggested that Apple is now on a six-month product cycle for iPads, instead of refreshing products every year, as it has done in the past with the iPhone. If that is indeed the case, this may aggravate customers more than it helps Apple.
"Our checks at CES indicate Apple will release the iPad 5 and the second-generation iPad mini this March," White wrote in the note. "The iPad 5 is expected to be lighter and thinner than the iPad 4 that was released in October, while the form factor of the iPad mini should be similar to the first generation iPad mini that debuted in October."
The iPad 5 would have the same design as the fourth-gen iPad, but would include a lighter and thinner design than its predecessor. The second iPad mini, which has been rumored for a few months , would likely see bigger changes, including a faster chip. No word on whether it would include Retina Display.
It was a surprise when Apple announced the fourth-gen iPad at its October product event after having announced the third-generation iPad in March. Customers have come to expect product updates every year, though Apple is not one to keep things status quo.
The tablet offerings at this year's CES were largely uninspiring, with the hybrid notebook/tablet form factors even worse. Apple is never one to let the competition catch up to it, but it must also not anger the buying public with too many products. Apple has done an excellent job of keeping its SKUs relatively limited, replacing old products with new ones instead of keeping the old products around. Companies like GOOG ), AMZN ) andhave come close to matching Apple on hardware, but the iPad has a dominant market share (53.8% as of 2012 according to) for a reason. Consumers love the iPad.
There's new attention being paid to the speaking fees Bill Clinton commanded since they left office, thanks to questions raised by NBC's Cynthia McFadden in an interview with the former president.
Back in June 2014, the Post did a deep dive into Clinton's speaking fees and reported the following:
Bill Clinton has been paid $104.9 million for 542 speeches around the world between January 2001, when they left the White House, and January 2013, when Hillary stepped down as secretary of state, according to a Washington Post review of the family's federal financial disclosures. Although slightly more than half of their appearances were in the United States, the majority of their speaking income, $56.3 million, came from foreign speeches, many of them in China, Japan, Canada and the United Kingdom, the Post review found.
The chart below shows all of those speeches -- and how much Clinton got paid for each one. Their biggest payday? They made $750,000 for a single speech in Hong Kong in November 2011. Not bad for a day's work.
Click the chart to see the full interactive.
Steve Cannon / AP file Fla. Gov. Jeb Bush looks at a chart showing Florida's Comprehensive Assessment Test results in Tallahassee on May 10, 2004.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush soared to rock star status in the education world on the strength of a chart.
A simple graph, it tracked fourth-grade reading scores. In 1998, when Bush was elected governor, Florida kids scored far below the national average. By the end of their second term, in 2007, they were far ahead, with especially impressive gains for low-income and minority students.
Those results earned Bush bipartisan acclaim. As they convene a star-studded policy summit this week in Washington, they are widely regarded as one of the most influential education reformers in the U.S. Elements of their agenda have been adopted in 36 states, from Maine to Mississippi, North Carolina to New Mexico.
Many of their admirers cite Bush's success in Florida as reason enough to get behind him.
Follow Open Channel on Twitter and Facebook.
But a close examination raises questions about the depth and durability of the gains in Florida. After the dramatic jump of the Bush years, Florida test scores edged up in 2009 and then dropped, with low-income students falling further behind. State data shows huge numbers of high school graduates still needing remedial help in math and reading.
And some of the policies Bush now pushes, such as vouchers and mandatory online classes, have no clear links to the test-score bump in Florida. Bush has been particularly vigorous about promoting online education, urging states to adopt policies written with input from companies that stand to profit from expanded cyber-schooling.
Many of those companies also donate to Bush's Foundation for Excellence in Education, which has raised $19 million in recent years to promote their agenda nationwide.
Sherman Dorn, a professor of education at the University of South Florida, says some of Bush's policies as governor, such as an intense focus on teaching reading, made a real difference to Florida students.
"It's pretty clear Governor Bush should get credit for giving a damn," they said. But by teaming with for-profit corporations to push cyber-schools, which have produced dismally low test scores in many states, Bush is "throwing away whatever credibility they had coming out of Florida," Dorn said.
Bush's allies disagree. For them, the former governor -- widely considered a top contender for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination -- is a visionary striving to build on their record of success.
"I've been very impressed with the thoughtfulness of their policies," said Joel Klein, who ran New York City schools for eight years and now heads News Corp's education division, Amplify, which donates to the Bush foundation.
Klein and officials at several other education companies that support Bush's foundation say they do so not for their own financial interest but to promote a broad policy debate.
Any implication "that corporate donors give to us for us to advance their agenda" is simply false, said Patricia Levesque, the foundation's executive director.
The Florida formula
Bush, who declined to comment for this story, says often that they have one abiding goal: to give all students the chance to reach their "God-given potential."
Their "Florida formula" rests on the principles of increasing accountability and expanding parental choice. Among its tenets:
* Grade schools on an A-to-F scale, based mostly on student scores and growth on standardized tests. Give students in poorly ranked schools vouchers to attend private and religious schools.
* Hold back 8-year-olds who can't pass a state reading test rather than promote them to fourth grade.
* Expand access to online classes and charter schools, which are publicly funded but privately managed, sometimes for profit.
In Florida, Bush paired their tough-love measures with generous support. Schools that improved their grade or got an "A" received extra funding. Teachers got bonuses for successes like getting more kids to pass Advanced Placement tests. And students required to repeat third grade got intensive help at free summer reading camps.
States adopting the policies now, in a time of austerity, tend to leave out the costly support systems. That has stirred protests from school superintendents, school board members, teachers unions and parents who see the policies as punitive, humiliating and too narrowly focused on a single test as a measure of success.
Voters have spoken loudly, too. In this month's election, overwhelmingly Republican electorates overturned Bush-style reforms in Idaho and South Dakota and ousted the Indiana state schools chief, who had enacted much of the Florida formula.
In Florida, meanwhile, the durability of the Bush-era gains has come into question.
NBC News' Education Nation case studies
High school graduation rates rose during Bush's tenure but remain substantially lower than in other large and diverse states, including California, New York and Ohio, according to new federal data. Students' average score on the ACT college entrance exam has not improved and remains well below states such as Missouri and Ohio, where a comparable percentage of students take the test.
Florida's scores on the National Assessment of Educational Progress, widely considered the most reliable metric, dropped on all four key tests last year -- fourth- and eighth-grade reading and math. On all four tests, low-income students fell further behind their wealthier peers.
Jaryn Emhof, a spokesperson for the Bush foundation, said the slipping scores are an indication that "schools were getting complacent" and need to be pushed with higher standards.
Opponents contend Bush's reforms never deserved much credit for the gains in the first place.
Other factors were at play, they argue. Florida voters passed a constitutional amendment to limit class size in 2002, for instance. And Bush's tenure coincided with soaring property tax receipts, thanks to the housing boom, which led to more local funding for schools. Per-pupil spending in Florida jumped 22 percent from 2001 to 2007, after accounting for inflation. It has since fallen sharply.
"There's this single-minded notion that only the program has supported yield improvements," said Ruth Melton, director of legislative relations for the Florida School Boards Association. "There's more to this than meets the eye."
Some recent research has cast doubt on the long-term effectiveness of the Bush policies.
A Harvard education research group reported this summer that Florida students who were held back in third grade notched a big boost in test scores initially, but the effects faded to insignificance before they entered high school. And annual studies commissioned by the state have found no evidence that low-income students who receive vouchers to attend private schools do any better at reading or math than their peers.
As for Florida's charter schools, a recent report found their students consistently outscore kids in traditional schools on state tests. The charters, however, serve fewer poor and special-needs students and fewer students still learning English.
Meanwhile, researchers have found that other states, such as Massachusetts, have boosted achievement without Florida-style reforms, using more old-fashioned remedies such as increasing spending and imposing rigorous curricular standards.
After an exhaustive study of state-by-state academic gains, the Harvard researchers concluded in a July report that "the connection between reforms and gains ... thus far is only anecdotal, not definitive."
Emhof, the Bush foundation spokesperson, said that while "there is no silver bullet" to improve schools, the Florida formula "is the path with the most proven results." The state's size and diversity mean "if something works in Florida, it can work anywhere," they said.
Meet and greet
Indeed, the Bush foundation touts the Florida test gains as "perhaps the greatest public policy success story of the past decade" and aggressively presses its formula on other states.
Hundreds of emails obtained under a public records request by the nonprofit advocacy group In the Public Interest, which opposes privatization of schools, show the foundation working closely with allies in Maine, New Mexico, Florida and elsewhere to craft public policy.
Foundation employees write legislation and edit proposed bills line by line, then send in experts to testify on their behalf, the emails show.
The Bush foundation also funds trips and events to introduce Bush's donors to policymakers. At last year's national summit in San Francisco, the foundation set aside two hours for several state superintendents of education, dubbed "Chiefs for Change," to meet the foundation's sponsors.
In an email forwarded to Executive Director Levesque, an official from Apple Inc. also requested access to the chiefs to tout the company's products.
"This is a great opportunity. ... But there are a dozen other companies that want access," Levesque responded. They couldn't accommodate Apple, they wrote, unless the chiefs first found time to meet with "all the other companies including those actually funding" the Chiefs for Change network.
Apple declined to comment.
Bush foundation donors include family philanthropies, such as those established by Microsoft founder Bill Gates and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Corporate donors include Connections Education, a division of global publishing giant Pearson; Amplify, the education division of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.; and K12, a publicly traded company that runs online schools.
Many of these donors sit on a Digital Learning Council that helped draft the Bush foundation's policy agenda. Key planks call for states to require online course work in high school and to lift restrictions that hinder cyber-school growth, such as limits on class size.
Studies in several states including Pennsylvania and Colorado have found that online students fare far worse than their peers in reading and math. Bush has said bad programs should be shut down, but they believe online schools have great potential to offer personalized, self-paced education.
"This is not about our commercial success," said Sari Factor, chief executive officer of E2020 Inc., which develops online curricula and recently signed up as a foundation sponsor. "We're focused on what's right for kids."
Still, Factor acknowledged that E2020 has "absolutely" benefited from Bush's advocacy.
In particular, Bush often talks up an Arizona charter school called Carpe Diem, which uses the E2020 online curriculum, employing just four teachers for 225 students because the kids do so much work online. Bush has flown policymakers from across the country to admire the school's innovation and cost cutting. That has brought more clients to E2020, Factor said.
Arizona data shows Carpe Diem test scores have fallen sharply over the past two years, a drop founder Rick Ogston attributes to a new curriculum and the sudden death of the principal.
That has not slowed its momentum; after visiting Carpe Diem on a trip paid for by the Bush foundation, Indiana officials urged Ogston to apply to open a branch there. The head of the state charter school board, Claire Fiddian-Green, says the school's "fairly strong track record" impressed them despite the recent slip in test scores. The new Carpe Diem campus in Indianapolis opened this fall.
Ogston said they and other charter and online school operators count on Bush's foundation to remove obstacles to their growth, such as state laws that require students to put in time in a physical classroom.
"We come to them to say, 'These policies are in the way, and it would be great if you could change them,'" Ogston said. "That's what they do better than anyone."
More from Open Channel:
Doctor Strange #383 is out this week. It is written by Donny Cates. Cates has done a good job dropping some surprise endings in their last couple of issues. If you haven't been following along with the series, then you are missing one of the best runs on the series in a long time. Steven Strange has been bested by Loki, who is now Sorcerer Supreme. Last issues we got a surprise return of a dead character. We get an interesting twist ending this week as well. Spoiled images are hidden under spoiler warnings. Click the spoiler warning images for the hidden images. The accompanying text is not redacted, so proceed with caution.
This week, Steven takes a long road to somewhere mystical.
They make a deal with the tree of life
Fully unreacted spoilers in comments for people unfamiliar.
Libraries Make Space For 3-D Printers; Rules Are Sure To Follow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Karas/North Jersey/Landov Michael Karas/North Jersey/Landov
At hundreds of libraries across the U.S., 3-D printers can sometimes be heard whirring in the background, part of an effort to encourage interest in the new technology and foster DIY "maker spaces."
In some libraries, officials have begun to set restrictions on the 3-D printers amid concerns about how they'll be used.
At the University City Public Library in St. Louis, Patrick Wall recently printed a green plastic sword from the game Minecraft.
They run this library and was demonstrating its new 3-D printer for a group of kids and adults. The play sword took close to 1 1/2 hours to print, Wall says.
The printer is roughly the size of a microwave with an open space in the middle. A coil of filament feeds an extruder that moves back and forth inside, dabbing molten plastic into layers that harden.
The 3-D printer, a 3-D scanner and filament cost about $4,500, Wall says.
University City was the first of two public libraries in the St. Louis area to set up 3-D printers for public use. But, according to the American Library Association, more than 250 libraries across the country that have one.
"It's actually part of a larger trend," says the ALA's Sari Feldman. 3-D printers are just the newest example of the interactive spaces that libraries are becoming for their communities, they say.
"So, where once we thought of libraries as places where we had things for people, now we really do things for people — or do things with people," Feldman says.
They say libraries large and small across the U.S. are setting up so-called "maker spaces," offering increasingly sophisticated hardware and software, including studio production equipment, design software and in some cases, even laser cutters.
But Feldman says the possibilities that come with cheap, user-friendly 3-D printers have also created a new gray area in setting library policy.
"There are many legal and intellectual freedom issues that need to be addressed when you make 3-D printers freely available for public use," they say.
For instance, the same technology that can print a plastic Minecraft sword is also capable of printing plastic gun parts or other items.
The ALA has recommended guidelines for libraries to address concerns about safety, access and liability. But some local libraries have established rules on their own.
At the Pope County Library System in central Arkansas, new restrictions have been placed on its two printers. They include printing objects that are prohibited by law, or deemed obscene or otherwise inappropriate.
Adult and Teen Services Librarian Sherry Simpson says there were just too many unknowns.
"We want to inspire their interest in design and we want them to bring their creations to life. However, some creations probably don't need to see life through the library," they say.
Like most other libraries, University City's currently has no specific limits on using its 3-D printer. Director Patrick Wall says it falls under the library's general policy that applies to 2-D printers and other services and materials.
"It hasn't come up," they say. "We tend not to make policies about things that we fear might happen in the future. I'm sure there'll come a day when someone does something that we weren't expecting and at that time, we'll sit down and talk about it."
And in an age where digital and technical literacy is stressed alongside traditional reading and writing, libraries are setting up plenty of space for the unexpected.
Oh sure, they look cute snoozing away at the foot of the bed, but that's when your cat's sociopathic fantasies play out. If you don't think that cats dream about lasering cities to death then you've been duped. Catzilla is a real-time tech demo from the creators of strange exploration game, Datura . When it's released you'll be able to download it to test your PC's power, but I'm more interested in what the girl's going to do with that giant electric cat pill. Brace yourself for oddness.
There's going to be a Catzilla beta, which you can sign up for on the Catzilla site . It's being produced in collaboration with Polish post production company, Plastige , who worked on that Witcher 2 Enhanced Edition intro video (the one with the big bald dude ice-bombing a boat).
Datura creators, Plastic Demo specialised in demo productions before this year's foray into downloadable games. The lively demoscene has a long history of turning out videos and programs that celebrate technical ability and artistry. I don't have the know-how to appreciate the engine-warping feats that allow demo crafters to produce their work, but I love their abstract audiovisual strangeness. Check out the Scene.org award winners and nominees for a collection of some stand-out examples.
Here's Catzilla. Below Catzilla you'll find Scene.org award nominee We Crave Sustenance, because it's awesome. Thanks to Joystiq for the heads-up.
Though many ants spend their lives peacefully tending fungus farms and herds of aphids, others have it much rougher. Such is the case with the ant species Megaponera analis, native to many parts of sub-Saharan Africa, whose days are spent endlessly hunting termites to eat. In fact, a typical M. analis will engage in at least two battles per day with nests of angry termites. They sustain so many injuries that these ants have developed something that is extremely rare in the insect world: M. analis has learned how to rescue and rehabilitate ants that suffer extraordinary injuries on the battlefield.
University of Würzburg ecologist Erik Thomas Frank and their colleagues spent over two years observing M. analis in Comoé National Park in the northern Côte d'Ivoire, tracking 52 colonies that conducted 420 termite nest raids. They recorded their findings in a paper for Science Advances, unveiling a society where combat and altruism have evolved side by side. Their work could also shed light on why rescue behavior has evolved among mammals, too.
The raids always begin with a single scout. Individual M. analis roam the area around their nests up to 50 meters away, looking for likely victims. When the scout finds a good target, they return to the nest to raise an army (all ants on these raids are females). They recruit 200 to 500 nestmates, leading them in what Frank and their team call "a column-like march formation" to the termites' lair. When they arrive, the ants break into groups. Larger ants dig through the protective layer of soil that covers the colony, then the smaller ants plunge inside, slaughter their prey, and drag it back outside. The bigger ants carry the freshly killed termites home for a feast. To feed an entire colony of roughly 1,000 ants, M. analis conducts two to four raids each day.
The battles with the termites are dangerous and deadly. They often bite off the ants' limbs, heads, or thoraxes. Sometimes the termites will latch onto an ant with their powerful jaws, refusing to let go. Though this doesn't kill the ant outright, it prevents them from moving quickly and takes them out of the melee. Mostly it's the smaller ants inside the termite nest who are injured, and the survivors crawl outside once the hunt is over.
That's when the rescue teams sweep through the battlefield. Though ants are blind, they have an exquisite sense of smell and touch. The larger ants will make their way through the dead and dying, using their antennae to smell their fallen comrades. Injured ants release a special blend of chemicals from a gland in their mandibles, which Frank and their colleagues identified as dimethyl disulfide and dimethyl trisulfide. When rescuers scent those chemicals on an ant, they pick them up and carry their home in the marching column—even if they have several heavy termites dangling off their body. Only ants with fatal injuries are left behind.
Once the M. analis are back in their nest, the wounded are treated. Other ants remove the termites from their bodies, and no lasting harm is done. Ants with missing limbs experience difficulties at first but learn to walk and run again within 24 hours. Frank and their team report that roughly nine to 15 ants are rescued per day, and 95 percent of them quickly return to normal raiding activities. Indeed, at least 21 percent of ants on any given raid have significant, long-term injuries.
Frank et al. Sci. Adv. 2017
Frank et al. Sci. Adv. 2017
Frank et al. Sci. Adv. 2017
The sheer number of disabled yet productive ants in a M. analis colony offers an evolutionary explanation for why rescue behaviors make sense. Obviously, these ants are a tremendous benefit to the colony's survival as long as they can make it back to the nest to recover. But why carry them home? The researchers wanted to know, so they selected 20 injured ants at random and forced them to walk home alone. Thirty percent of them died, usually by predation from spiders or other ant species. One particularly tragic ant died of exhaustion after dragging two attached termites most of the way to the nest. Put simply: the injured are vulnerable, and carrying them home protects them from further harm.
Though it sounds like a basic idea, this kind of rescue behavior is exceedingly rare among ants and other animals generally. Even among M. analis, the behavior is only triggered by a complex set of circumstances. Ants rescue each other only when they are returning from battle. When the researchers put an injured ant in the way of a column marching toward a raid, they ignored them and left them behind. Repeating the experiment with a returning march got the injured ant immediately scooped up. So rescue can only happen when the injured ant releases its distress chemicals in the right context.
The researchers note that they found a similar chemical signal in another species of ant, P. tarsatus, but it didn't result in carrying behavior. Instead, P. tarsatus exposed to the chemical began digging maniacally. It turned out that this type of ant is often the victim of a predator called an antlion, which captures ants by creating quicksand-like traps. For this species, the distress signal meant "hurry up and dig me out!" And that's just what the P. tarsatus did.
But why did the termite-raiding ant M. analis develop such a specific, almost human form of rescue? Frank and colleagues believe this kind of behavior could only have evolved in a group that forages collectively in a relatively small area so that injured ants will always be noticed by their sisters. Also, it seems to make sense for animals that hunt prey that fights back, causing substantial but non-lethal injuries. The benefits of rescue are substantial, at least if your goal is a large hunting party. The researchers write:
The fact that 21% of all ants carry some type of long-term injury in the raiding column substantiates the great value of helping injured nestmates, a conservative estimate because nonpermanent injuries are not included in this estimate. The value of rescue behavior is reflected in the sustainable colony size calculated by our model, which predicts a 28.7% larger colony size compared to colonies without this behavior.
In addition, colony size plays a role. A typical M. analis colony sees about 13 births per day, so each individual matters. One might contrast this with Argentine ants or army ants, who live in nests that may contain tens of thousands of individuals.
Ultimately, Frank and their team write that the rescue squads of M. analis are an excellent example of convergent evolution. Though chemical communication triggers rescue among ants, empathy and other factors trigger it in humans. These behaviors may have evolved separately, but they result in the same basic outcome. Both humans and M. analis have many functional, productive members of their communities who are disabled. And the rescues continue because each one benefits the species as a whole.
Science Advances, 2017. DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.1602187
Listing image by Frank et al. Sci. Adv. 2017
Jean-Michel Blanquer confirmed that the ban, which the government had been mulling for some time, will be implemented in September 2018.
Phones are already banned in the classrooms in France but from September next year, pupils will be barred from taking them out at breaks, lunch times and between lessons.
"These days the children don't play at break time anymore, they are just all in front of their smartphones and from an educational point of view that's a problem," said Blanquer.
But it is not clear how the ban would work. There are suggestions that schools will have to provide lockers where pupils can keep the phones. Teachers also fear they will be asked to search pupils to make sure no one is flouting the ban.
"We are currently working on this [ban] and it could work in various ways," said Blanquer. "Phones may be needed for teaching purposes or in cases of emergency so mobile phones will have to be locked away."
For the education minister the issue of mobile phones and tablets is a matter of "public health".
"It's important that children under the age of seven are not in front of these screens," they added.
The minister also sees the move as a way of cutting down on cyber-bullying.
The ban would be imposed for primary schools and middle schools called "colleges" for pupils aged 11 to 15, but phones would be allowed in Lycee high schools.
French president Emmanuel Macron, a 39-year-old centrist, put banishing mobile phones from all primary and secondary schools in their manifesto ahead of their election victory in May.
Experts and trade unions have pointed out that using mobile phones in class is already outlawed in France, even though research shows that many pupils confess to having broken the rules.
Some teachers view phones as a source of a distraction and indiscipline which can be used for cyberbullying at school, while others believe they can be harnessed for educational purposes -- under strict control.
One of the biggest groups representing parents of French school children, known as Peep, said previously it was sceptical that a ban could be implemented.
"We don't think it's possible at the moment," said the head of Peep, Gerard Pommier.
"Imagine a secondary school with 600 pupils. Are they going to put all their phones in a box? How do you store them? And give them back at the end?"
In an interview with Express magazine earlier this year, Blanquer suggested that pupils might be asked to deposit their phones in secure boxes when arriving at school or for classes.
"At our cabinet meetings, we drop our phones in lockers before sitting down together. It seems to me that this should be possible for any human group, including classes," they said.
WASHINGTON (WUSA9) -- D.C. Council members invite the public to testify on a bill that would decriminalize small amounts of marijuana. The hearing will be held Wednesday at the Anacostia Neighborhood Library.
Currently, if you're caught with less than an ounce of pot in D.C. then it's a misdemeanor offense with penalties of up to 6 months in prison. This bill would drop that offense to just a civil penalty, like a speeding ticket, with only a $100 fine.
Opponents argue that, if passed, this decriminalization would contradict federal laws and cause problems for the District. Others say it would only encourage the city's youth to smoke more pot. But supporters say this bill is intended to help young people to make it so that if you get caught with a small amount of pot that it won't keep you from getting a job in the future.
At least 8 DC council members support this legislation, including DC Councilman At-Large David Grosso. He's going a step further, saying they want full legalization.
Grosso spoke to WUSA 9's Derek McGinty, who asked, "Councilman, do you smoke marijuana?"
Grosso replied, "I do not."
"Would you smoke it if it was legal?" asked McGinty.
"If it was legalized I would. I drink beer occasionally now so I don't see why not. The reality is you have to determine whether or not it's good for you or whether or not you want to do it and regulate it properly," answered Grosso.
Councilman Gross has introduced their own bill that would legalize the use of pot for all adults over 21. They have the backing of a majority of Americans: a new Gallop poll finds for the first time ever that the majority of Americans now say pot should be legal.
At least 86 people were killed in a double explosion at a road junction in the Turkish capital of Ankara.
Two explosions took place near the railway station in the center of the Turkish capital of Ankara on Saturday ahead of the trade union's anti-war rally, Doğan News Agency reported.
At least 186 people were injured, according to the Turkish health minister.
"At the moment, the terrorist attack has killed 86 people, 186 people are injured, including 28 in serious condition. The large number of people [attending the rally]…prevented ambulances from quickly getting to the scene and taking victims to the hospitals," Turkey's Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu said at a press conference.
The Turkish government officials said that the blast was a terrorist attack, investigators claim that suicide bomber was responsible for the accident.
#Turkey #update: Live video from Ankara, as two explosions hit rally near train station. https://t.co/FdkG73dtXj — José Miguel Sardo (@jmsardo) October 10, 2015
An Anadolu Agency correspondent at the scene said there were bodies and wounded people lying in front of the station on Hipodrum Street.
A large number of ambulances arrived at the site of the tragedy.
Lacrymos sur victimes d'attentat? #Turkey Police uses tear gas to disperse peace rally hit by explosions in #Ankara. pic.twitter.com/kwiEhniTDK — Benoît Crocq (@bcrocq) October 10, 2015
Eyewitnesses say two bombs exploded in a peace demostration organized by trade unions and a number of NGOs to protest against the conflict between the state and militants of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in southeast Turkey.
Russian Embassy in Ankara has no information about Russian nationals being among the casualties.
The accident occurred at a time of growing security concerns in Turkey, and three weeks ahead of a parliamentary election.
An earthquake similar to Japan's 2011 upheaval could shut down for months almost 40 car lanes that cross downtown Portland bridges, a Multnomah County engineer said Thursday.
That includes the Fremont, Hawthorne, Burnside, Morrison, Steel, Broadway and Marquam bridges, County Engineer and Transportation Division Director Ian Cannon said. In February, the county published a 20-year plan calling for a $1.3 billion in spending, much of it to prepare bridges it owns for the big one.
County commissioners started Thursday by approving $3 million for a study to figure out what to do with the Burnside Bridge that was identified as the priority. Commissioners also approved the first of two readings that sets up a tobacco licensing program for retailers.
The county wants the Burnside Bridge to structurally withstand a magnitude-9.0 earthquake from the Cascadia subduction zone. The zone sits 40 to 80 miles off Oregon's coast. Officials want emergency crews and others to safely cross the Burnside immediately after the earthquake, officials said.
"We need to be prepared for a major seismic event and be able to get critical services to people in time of disaster and reunite families across the river," Commissioner Jules Bailey said. "It's a bit of a journey into the unknown. We need to get our infrastructure fixed, and we don't know exactly how it's going to happen yet."
The plan calls for a $496 million retrofit or replacement of the 89-year-old span in the last half of the 2020s. Cannon said the two-year study will reach out to community members and partner agencies, such as Portland Bureau of Transportation, the Parks and Recreation Bureau, and TriMet, about the project and also determine the cost of a retrofit.
"Then we can have a more informed discussion about whether it makes sense to dump a bunch of resources into our almost 100-year-old bridge or turn those resources toward replacing it," Cannon said.
To cross the bridge of funding, county officials haven't come close to figuring out how to pay for the Burnside project. Cannon said county has reached out to the federal government for funding assistance.
"I'm just saying a silent prayer to our faith in the federal government," Commissioner Judy Shiprack said.
By using its own money to pay for the study, Cannon said the county will use it to help convince officials from federal, state and other agencies to contribute to the project.
The 20-year plan also includes $189.4 million for seismic upgrades to the Broadway, Morrison and Hawthorne bridges, but those upgrades don't offer the same guarantee of immediate use after an earthquake, county spokesperson Mike Pullen said in February.
In other action, commissioners also approved the first of two readings to start a county tobacco retail licensing program for business that sell any form of the product, including cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and any device that delivers nicotine to the body, such as electronic cigarettes.
Officials have said they're considering annual fees between $350 and $600. Too many children are buying tobacco products in Multnomah County, and public health officials have said licensing programs will help solve the problem.
If adopted next week, a committee of business owners, non profits and Health Department staff will begin discussions in the early months of 2016 to establish fees, rules and regulations and enforcement procedures. Commissioners would have final approval of any fees and rules.
For more reading on tobacco discussion by Multnomah County:
-- Tony Hernandez
thernandez@oregonian.com
503-294-5928
@tonyhreports
Fight Night: Savjz vs Darkwonyx decklists and series recap
Day two of Fight Night Season 5 match DogeHouse Savjz's against Managrind's Darkwonyx. The Swede was entrusted with the responsibility of getting MG back in the match after Forsen's 0-3 loss to Ek0p last night.
Darkwonyx's decks
Savjz's decks
The second series of season 5 between DogeHouse's Savjz and Managrind's Darkwonyx started amazingly for the former HoN player. Riding a Mark of the Wild Druid, Darkwonyx made a short work against Savjz's miracle Rogue and standard Druid, even though they were forced to deal with a T1 Chillwind Yeti in game two.
Down two games, Savjz's was forced into their last deck - a standard iteration of the Warrior control, which is currently enjoying a big popularity on the ladder. Nat Pagle mirror colored the early games with card advantage ultimately going to Darkwonyx four cards drawn to zero.
By Turn 5, Savjz' was in the direst of strates. With eight cards in hand to Savjz's four and Cairne Bloodhoof on the board, the Swede was in sound control of the game and the DogeHouse star was almost in a check mate position.
A lucky Tinkmaster Overspark draw allowed Savjz to squirrel the Cairne and win themselves some more time and over the next few turns they made Darkwonyx's hand advantage disappear. By T10, Druid's board was cleared up and there were a 10/6 Alexstrasza and 10/3 Forthing Berserker for Savjz. There wouldn't be another 3-0 today.
Game four ended up a real end-game nailbiter. With control Warrior going against Priest, viewers expected to watch a long match but seeing both players going into fatigue is never the likeliest scenario. Darkwonyx's Anduin made a comeback comparable to Savjz' in the previous game and outlasted the Fin's board presence to win the hunger games and prevail with overall score of 3-1.
VODs shall be uploaded to the match page as soon as they're available.
Police departments across the Unites States have been losing large amounts of military gear including assault rifles, shotguns, handguns and even Humvees provided under a controversial Pentagon program.
The “1033 programs,” which is now under White House review in the wake of the police response to riots in Ferguson, Missouri, has provided surplus military gear to police departments across the country in the aftermath of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars. The departments themselves, however, haven't been keeping very good track of it.
Fusion reports 184 state and local departments have been suspended from the program for misplacing M14, M15 and M16 assault rifles, .45-caliber pistols, shotguns and two Humvees. It's unclear whether the weapons, which were provided to assist police in the “wars on terrorism and drugs,” have been unintentionally lost or sold on the black market.
“[The program] is obviously very sloppy, and it's another reason that Congress needs to revisit this promptly,” CATO Institute project on criminal justice director Tim Lynch told Fusion. “We don't know where these weapons are going, whether they are really lost, or whether there is corruption involved.”
“That uncertainty is very unsettling.”
The Mississippi Meridian Police Department was suspended in February 2013 after an inventory showed four missing M14s. The Arkansas Lawrence County Sheriff's Department was suspended the same month for a missing M14 and a damaged nightvision scope. Ten law enforcement entities in California have also been suspended including the Huntington Beach Police Department for losing an M16, the Stockton Police Department for losing two M16s, and the Sutter County Sheriff's Office for losing two M15s and an M14.
In Arizona, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Department lost more than 10 .45-caliber pistols and one rifle, and was suspended in September 2012. Georgia's Sparta Police Department received reprimands twice for losing .45-caliber pistols before being removed from the program completely, and ordered to return all of its remaining inventory.
Missouri's Ripley County Sheriff's Department was also suspended last February amid an ongoing investigation, and seven departments in Florida were suspended for missing equipment earlier this year, which has since been located.
Suspended law enforcement agencies are typically allowed to keep remaining equipment acquired under the program, according to the report. The program does not designate at the federal level a specific state agency to handle the program's coordination, resulting in a lack of consistent coordination and oversight all the way from the Pentagon to the individual departments, and making the tracking of allocated equipment exceedingly difficult.
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook
Missouri voters have four constitutional amendments on the November ballot. The amendments cover a wide array of issues, ranging from early voting to the admissibility of prior sex crimes, teacher tenure and the governor's power over the state budget.
Feature on Amendments 6, 2 & 3
Amendment 2
Amendment 2, which began as House Joint Resolution 16, would make it easier to prosecute sex crimes committed against children. It would also allow evidence of prior criminal acts to be admissible during the trial phase in cases where the defendant is charged with a sex crime against someone younger than 18.
Currently, juries can hear about a defendant's prior offenses only during the sentencing phase of a trial. That's due to a 2007 Missouri Supreme Court ruling, State v. Ellison, in which use of propensity evidence (prior criminal acts by a defendant) was declared unconstitutional. After the ruling, lawmakers began sponsoring bills and resolutions aimed at restoring the use of propensity evidence, resulting in last year's passage of HJR 16/Amendment 2.
Eric Zahnd, prosecuting attorney for Platte County, is one of the proposal's most vocal supporters. "Missouri is probably the most restrictive state in the nation, in terms of allowing juries to know the full truth about what a prior sex offender has done to other children before the case that is (at that moment) before the jury," Zahnd said.
The proposal would also include evidence of past criminal sexual activity in cases where the defendant was not convicted or not charged with a crime. It's also being actively opposed by two different groups.
"The danger is that people are going to be convicted not based on what evidence they have that relates to the charge, but more so the fact that they've been convicted of something similar before, or accused of something similar before," said Kevin Curran, who heads the Missouri Association of Criminal Defense. "We see that as a big problem."
The measure is also opposed by the Missouri Chapter of the ACLU. Executive Director Jeffrey Mittman issued a brief statement on Amendment 2:
"Tampering with the Missouri Constitution to take away constitutional protections that are a traditional and necessary part of our criminal justice process goes against American ideals. The Missouri Supreme Court has repeatedly reminded us: in America we are tried only on the crime charged. Missourians should avoid the temptation to allow evidence of uncharged crimes to be presented at trial, simply to demonstrate a propensity or tendency to commit a crime."
Supporters of Amendment 2 have not raised a lot of money so far. Their campaign committee, Protect Missouri Children, has taken in $16,475.00 and only spent $22, according to the Missouri Ethics Commission.
Amendment 6
Amendment 6 would allow for early voting from Wednesday through Friday two weeks before Election Day, then from Monday through Wednesday one week before Election Day. People could vote in person only during "regular business hours," and it does not allow early voting on Saturday or Sunday. The League of Women Voters' Missouri chapter has come out in opposition to the proposal. Its president, Elaine Blodgett, says it's not fair that voters could vote early only on weekdays during business hours.
"If you're going to have early voting, you want it for times when people can actually get there to vote," Blodgett said. "Saturdays and even Sundays, although most people don't want to work on Sundays, but extended hours, or maybe a couple of evening hours, would help an awful lot of people get to the poll(s)."
Democrats in the Missouri House also opposed House Joint Resolution 90, now Amendment 6, for the same reasons. They favored a citizen-sponsored ballot initiative that would have created a six-week early voting period that would have included weekends and early evening hours. In addition, Secretary of State Jason Kander, an advocate for early voting, came out in opposition to HJR 90:
"I was encouraged when the legislature finally began to consider providing eligible Missourians with a more convenient way to exercise their constitutional right to vote. Unfortunately, it appears the legislative push for early voting was nothing more than a political game. By eliminating weekends and shortening the early voting period, the legislature has shown Missourians that this bill is simply a political strategy to counteract the citizen-driven early voting initiative petition."
State Rep. Tony Dugger, R-Hartville, sponsored the measure that became the proposed Constitutional Amendment 6. They say it's the better way to go.
"If you spread out a six-week period for early voting, including Saturdays and Sundays, the cost of that would have been tremendous to counties, because counties would have had to bear the cost of that," Dugger said, "whereas in the six-day (proposal), the state will be liable for the cost."
Dugger also said that if voters approve the measure, spending money on early voting would have to be authorized each year by both the legislature and the governor.
Free and Fair Election Fund is the committee that's backing Amendment 6. Figures from the Missouri Ethics Commission show that the committee has so far raised $113,000, with $103,000 of it coming from three donors during the month of July. The committee has spent $65,575.01 as of Sept. 30th.
Missouri Early Voting Fund was the the campaign committee initially created for the citizen-sponsored early voting measure that was not placed on the ballot. According to the Missouri Ethics Commission, it is currently in debt by $258,531.40. The committee has received $745,450 total for the November election, but the Ethics Commission shows that the committee has spent $1,003,981.40.
Amendment 3
Then there's the strange case of Amendment 3, which would base teacher tenure in K-12 schools on student performance instead of seniority. Last month, its backers officially suspended their campaign to convince Missouri voters to pass it, over what appeared at the time to be a lack of support from likely voters. Even though the campaign to change the way teachers are evaluated and retained abruptly shut down in September, opponents of Amendment 3 say they're not taking their foot off the gas.
"The amendment is still on the ballot, the language is still on the ballot and people have the opportunity to vote yes," said Mike Sherman, spokesperson for Amendment Three opposition group Protect Our Local Schools.
If voters approve Amendment 3, teachers in Missouri would be dismissed, retained, demoted, promoted and paid primarily using student data. It also would put a three-year limit on teacher contracts and prevent teachers from organizing or collectively bargaining on the design of teacher evaluations or how they're used. Teacher evaluations in Missouri must currently align with seven core principles
Sherman said their plan didn't change when Teach Great -- a group that campaigned for Amendment 3 and was bankrolled by $1.6 million from St. Louis billionaire Rex Sinquefield – closed up shop and immediately took down its website.
"They've already talked to a lot of people collecting signatures to get this on the ballot," Sherman said of Teach Great. "If it wasn"t on the ballot, no problem, but the language on the ballot is really bad. It"s a really, really bad amendment."
In particular, Sherman highlighted that Amendment 3 would require that teacher evaluations be based primarily on student data.
"You don't have teachers anymore; you have test administrators," Sherman said. "It takes weeks, and weeks and weeks of class time to prepare for standardized tests."
In contrast, Teach Great has said Amendment 3 would promote greater accountability and higher student achievement by making sure the best teachers were in Missouri classrooms. Kate Casas -- who was a spokesperson for Teach Great -- told St. Louis Public Radio in August that a study from Washington, D.C., showed that using student test scores to measure growth resulted in strong academic achievement.
James Shuls, assistant professor of educational leadership and policy studies at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, said adding on to the state's constitution is the wrong way to carry out the changes listed in Amendment 3. They said that approach would make it hard to tweak statewide policy on how teachers are evaluated and retained in the future.
"You would want these types of measures set more at the Missouri Department of Elementary and Secondary Education level rather than the constitution," Shuls said.
Shuls are also a fellow at the Show Me Institute, but they said they don't speak for the Sinquefield-backed think tank that advocates for market-based approaches in a range of policy areas. On their personal blog they lay out a list of what they write are bad arguments against Amendment 3. Among them is the belief that "quantifiable student performance data" automatically means standardized tests.
Shuls said under the amendment a school district could develop its own test to give students at the beginning and end of a school year.
"Let's say all the fifth grade math teachers in the district give this test at the beginning of the year, this test at the end of the year, that's quantifiable student data."
Sherman, on the other hand, said there in no ambiguity about what is meant by "student performance data."
"To-may-to, to-mah-to, student performance data is standardized testing," Sherman said.
Though Sherman insisted he's only focused on Nov. 4, some observers say what happens at the ballot box could send a message to state lawmakers.
"If there's a big turnout and a big vote against this amendment, it may make Missouri state legislators more cautious about introducing small, more incremental version of this reform through the state legislature," said Dave Robertson, a political scientist at the University of Missouri-St. Louis.
Next: Amendment 10, which would limit the governor's power over the state budget.
Follow Marshall Griffin and Tim Lloyd on Twitter: @MarshallGReport @TimSLloyd
Background
For decades now, computer scientists have debated on how to coordinate groups of heterogeneous compute resources to solve a set of domain specific problems. “Scheduling” was the catch-all moniker that was used to describe this space. This category of problems is old, therefore the scheduling universe is vast, and expansive.
The most recent generation of schedulers that have emerged, strive to address the problem of coordinating several distributed applications across a data-center. The reason why I find this interesting, is that many distributed applications reinvent aspects of a “scheduler”, often without realizing the depth and breadth of the domain they just stepped into. There is a great ACM article that highlights this point “There's Just No Getting around It: You're Building a Distributed System”.
Now-a-days, we're seeing a Cambrian explosion of software stacks, each reinventing pieces of the scheduling wheel. That's all well and good, but there is a much easier way. Enter Apache Mesos, a cluster manager that provides efficient resource isolation and sharing across distributed applications.
At its core, Mesos is a focused meta-scheduler that provides primitives to express a wide variety of scheduling patterns and use cases. Solutions are written atop of Mesos, and are targeted for a particular use case. By remaining focused at its core, Mesos is not architecturally encumbered by domain specific problems that often exist within other monolithic schedulers.
References
Overview
I often find software first impressions are usually pretty important, and if I have to spend hours setting up an application, then that usually colors my perspective about the technology.
Therefore, in this post I will run through how simple it is for you to get started with Mesos on Fedora 21 and CentOS 7. I'll leave HA deployments for another post, because I want to outline just how simple it is to setup for “trying it out”.
Prerequisites
CentOS 7
Currently dependent packages have not been fully pulled into CentOS 7, or epel channels, but I've enabled the mesos.spec to build a bundled distribution for those who want to run on CentOS 7. For convenience, rpms can be found here
But for those who want to rebuild it for themselves, you can download the srpm and run: $ mock –clean –init -r epel-7-x86_64 –rebuild mesos-0.20.0-2.f421ffd.fc21.src.rpm
You will also need to update your docker installation to 1.X.
Multi-Node Cluster
If you're setting up a multi-node cluster, it is recommended that you have DNS setup.
You may also want to alter your firewall settings.
Installation
$ sudo yum install mesos python-mesos mesos-devel mesos-java
Setup
Make sure docker is running: $ systemctl start docker
Single Node
Out of the box, the package is configured to run mesos on a single host machine. Which is convenient for developers who just want to install and test their applications locally before submitting to their cluster.
Multi-Node
If you want to setup a multi-node cluster there is simply one parameter you need to set on your worker nodes /etc/mesos/mesos-slave-env.sh file: export MESOS_master=yourmaster.yourdomain.com:5050
Running
Master Node
$ systemctl start mesos-master
and open a browser to localhost:5050
Worker Node
$ systemctl start mesos-slave
Now check the “Slaves” tab on the browser window to verify.
Smoke Test
$ mesos execute --command="/bin/sleep 10" --master="yourmaster.yourdomain.com:5050" --name="whizbang"
Verify that it ran under the “Frameworks” tab.
Summary
Distributed systems can be a complicated and thorny road, but setting up and deploying them doesn't have to be, and it's a breeze with Mesos.
HaPpY HaCkInG!
BATON ROUGE -- Lt. Gov. Scott Angelle said Tuesday that they have changed their party affiliation from Democrat to Republican because of their dissatisfaction with President Barack Obama and the administration's recent actions on oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico.
Angelle, who has served as Gov. Bobby Jindal's Department of Natural Resources secretary and chief liaison to the Legislature, said they grew disenchanted with the Democratic Party's philosophy of dealing with energy matters, especially the moratorium on drilling that followed the Deepwater Horizon explosion that claimed 11 lives and spilled millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf and sensitive coastal estuaries.
They said the scientific studies and investigations into deepwater exploration have indicated the moratorium should have been lifted weeks before it was. Instead, a thousand of workers have been left jobless because of the Obama administration's actions.
"I felt it was not handled in the right way," said Angelle, who has testified before investigatory panels and Congress on the accident and its effects.
"Going through the process of the moratorium, I knew I had to do this," they said. "It was an accumulation of things I was hearing about the oil and gas industry (from the Democrats in Washington, D.C.). Our state can only prosper with a strong oil and gas industry."
Angelle, a longtime Democrat from Breaux Bridge, was named lieutenant governor by Jindal and the Legislature after Mitch Landrieu resigned to become mayor of New Orleans. Angelle's change of party leaves Attorney General Buddy Caldwell as the only statewide elected Democrat. Angelle said they are "not looking past DNR (the Department of Natural Resources)" for a possible run for office in the future as a Republican.
State GOP Chairman Roger Villere said it is "an especially great honor to welcome Scott Angelle to our movement" as the federal government's policies "continue to devastate Louisiana."
Ed Anderson can be reached at eanderson@timespicayune.com or 225.342.5810.
For the purposes of mocking and challenging the Conservative government, Brent Rathgeber is perhaps better placed than any other MP in the House. As an Independent, they are basically free to say and do whatever they wish. As a former Conservative MP, they have the symbolic import of a former ally. And as an ideological conservative, they stand a sort of haunting spectre of philosophical consistency for a government that is otherwise unchallenged on the right of the political spectrum.
This week they have been particularly mischievous.
On Tuesday, they took their turn in question period. With their first opportunity, they took the Prime Minister's apparent support for an Alberta-style carbon levy, tied it to the government's rhetoric on carbon taxes and wondered aloud, “When will Canadians hear more details about the Prime Minister's proposed multi-billion-dollar, job-killing carbon tax, levy, tech fund or whatever else they decide to call it?”
Next, after an undaunted Leona Aglukkaq had insisted on the government's opposition to a carbon tax, Rathgeber took their second opportunity to lament for the government's spending of $750 million on advertising. “Does the government that brought us the Federal Accountability Act not believe in protecting taxpayers from using public dollars that advance partisan ends?” they asked. In response, Tony Clement stood and lamented for Rathgeber's tone before retreating into the sort of explanation that a Conservative MP would surely never accept from a Liberal minister.
For their next trick, Rathgeber stood after question period today and tabled a bill that would behoove the federal government to generally balance its annual budget—the sort of thing the Conservatives promised in 2013, but have yet to table. Rathgeber has already had a turn in this Parliament at having a bill debated—the ill-fated C-461—so their new bill has no chance of passing unless the government decides to adopt it. Failing that, it might still sit as some sort of legislative taunt.
It is also but one of four bills that Rathgeber apparently plans to table in the next while—the others would increase oversight for the Communication Security Establishment, introduce a mechanism for constituents to recall their MPs and limit the size of cabinet. (That last one came up when I wrote about reducing the number of ministers a couple months ago.)
The merits of those ideas might be debated (I don't see much value in balanced-budget legislation and I think the idea of recalling an MP is counterproductive), but they are interesting ideas and perhaps particularly interesting for a conservative-minded MP to pursue.
So continues the Rathgeber Experiment and so I returned to the question of whether an MP could conduct themselves as Rathgeber has and still remain in a party caucus. Perhaps if they didn't have to run for re-election without the benefit of party support they wouldn't be as assertive in questioning the government or tabling bills—as an Independent MP there's surely cause for them to be seen and heard demonstrating their own utility. And possibly it's too much to imagine a backbench MP openly mocking their own party as Rathgeber did this week in QP.
But still, in the abstract, could someone act, sounding and voting as Brent Rathgeber does be included in the party system without the party system collapsing into irredeemable chaos? It would surely be a more interesting system. The question, I suppose, is whether we could all handle that level of interesting.
And to Rathgeber's words and deeds this week, you can add their deliberations on what they will do next week when the House votes on whether to extend and expand this country's military effort against Islamic State. At this point, they are undecided.
“I am undecided and conflicted, especially regarding the inclusion into Syria,” they tell me. “I go home tomorrow and want to discuss the matter with as many constituents as I am able to over the weekend and that, plus the debate in the House and the media will determine how I ultimately vote.”
This arguably puts Rathgeber in possession of one of the two interesting votes in the House on this mission, the other belonging to Liberal MP Irwin Cotler, who abstained the last time the House voted on this mission. Before yesterday morning it was interesting to see how the Liberals would vote. But with that now settled, nearly all of the votes in the House will break along party lines. Rathgeber's seems legitimately open to persuasion. That such a vote must break on party lines is not nearly a rule: when the British Parliament voted last fall to approve military intervention in Iraq, there were 30 MPs who broke with their respective parties.
Rangers in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park have discovered the carcasses of 26 elephants at two locations, dead of cyanide poisoning along with 14 other elephants who were found last week, officials said Wednesday.
Patrolling rangers discovered the carcasses Tuesday, according to Bhejani Trust and the National Parks and Wildlife Management Authority. Bhejani Trust undertakes joint animal monitoring and welfare work with the parks agency
Parks spokesperson Caroline Washaya Moyo said 14 tusks were recovered from these elephants and others were not recovered. They said rangers found 16 of the elephants in an area known as Lupande and 10 others in Chakabvi.
Washaya-Moyo said no arrests have been made and investigations are in progress. Rangers recovered one kilogram of cyanide and are increasing patrols in the park, they said. Cyanide is widely used in Zimbabwe's mining industry and is easy to obtain.
"The poachers were probably disturbed by rangers on patrol, which is why some of the tusks were recovered. Cyanide poisoning is becoming a huge problem here and we are struggling to contain it," Trevor Lane, founder of Bhejani Trust and a leading wildlife conservationist told The Associated Press.
Last week, the parks agency reported that 14 elephants were poisoned by cyanide in in three separate incidents. In 2013, as many as 300 elephants died in Hwange park after poachers laced salt pans with cyanide.
On Monday, Environment, Water and Climate Minister Oppah Muchinguri blamed a ban on Zimbabwean elephant sport hunting by the United States for increased poaching.
"All this poaching is because of American policies, they are banning sport hunting. An elephant would cost $120,000 in sport hunting but a tourist pays only $10 to view the same elephant," they said, adding money from sport hunting is crucial in conservation efforts.
We have noted before on this site that football supporters can be considerably more patient than we are ever given credit for. Indeed, some might even say that we are too patient. In recent years, we have put up with increasing ticket prices, the desecration of the atmosphere inside grounds and policing methods that would raise an eyebrow were they to be practiced in a totalitarian state. It is also worth remembering, however, that everyone has a tipping point, a moment at which a penny seems to collectively drop amongst a support base which triggers feelings that may have been suppressed or ignored for a considerable period of time. That moment may just have come for the supporters of Leeds United.
The Yorkshire club has had to tolerate the ownership of Ken Bates for four and half years now, at least. Bates' hard-headed policy of pushing ticket prices through the roof, using official club media for baseless attacks on those that they deem to be their “opponents” and labelling those amongst their club's own support that oppose their methods with language that goes beyond being merely derogatory and into the realms of merely being abusive. Set against this, the decision to sell club captain Jon Howson to Norwich City may seem, from the outside, to be relatively small beer. Howson, however, more than merely the club captain at Leeds United.
Born in Morley, on the outskirts of the city, Howson has already made almost two hundred appearances for the club since making their debut for the club in 2006. At a club at which long service was for many years part of the culture – consider, for example, the twenty-one years that Jack Charlton spent at the club or the seventeen years that Peter Lorimer managed – Howson was regarded as a personification of the spirit of Leeds United and, while there has been considerable grumbling ever since Bates' ownership of the club was completed, it seems as if their sale may well be the moment at which those that had previously chosen to not get involved with protests against their ownership of their club become motivated to act against him.
Against Southampton on the fourth of March 1972, Don Revie's Leeds United team put in a performance of such brilliance and arrogance that is has come to be regarded as one of the definitive of its era. They won the match by seven goals to nil and, although they ended up losing out on the league championship at the end of that season to Derby County, the presence of Match Of The Day cameras at Elland Road that afternoon preserved forever a team at the absolute summit of its powers. This March sees the two sides meet again in the Championship, with Southampton chasing one of the automatic promotion places and Simon Grayson's inconsistent Leeds United side sitting just below the play-off places. The cameras of Sky Television will be in attendance, but the biggest question mark now surrounding this match is how many Leeds supporters will be making the effort. Talk is starting amongst the Leeds United support of boycotting the match against Southampton, and this has been fuelled by a statement made by the Leeds United Supporters Trust (LUST) last Friday, which reads as follows:
The Leeds United Supporters Trust today calls for the Chairman and board of Leeds United to actively look to sell the club to owners whose ambitions and resources more appropriately reflect the stature of the club and its loyal fans. We believe the time is now right for the current regime to step aside and allow the club to move forward. Overwhelmingly the majority of our members have asked us to campaign for this. After 7 challenging years in control, our members believe that it is time for change at Leeds United and we believe the overwhelming majority of Leeds United supporters feel the same way therefore the Trust will be supporting peaceful campaigning for new ownership in the days, weeks and months ahead and we urge the Chairman and the board to listen.
The obvious question to ask at this is point is that of how successful a boycott of this match might be. Protests outside Elland Road have already been airily dismissed by Bates as the work of “morons”, and Bates is a man who gives every impression of someone who relishes the battle against those that disagree with them and there will be Leeds supporters who will wonder what the point of further protest against them is or argue that, with average crowds already having dropped by around 3,500 from last season, the boycott has already started. With ticket prices the highest in the Championship and higher than many Premier League clubs, this is perhaps unsurprising.
Yet what alternative do supporters of the club have? The fact that Bates may not listen to them and almost certainly will deride them shouldn't prevent them from protesting. Their alternative is to continue to pay through the nose and sit at Elland Road watching a team that seems unlikely to challenge for automatic promotion at any time in the near future. No football supporter has an automatic “right” to anything – not the least Premier League football – but when we consider the amount of money that is being demanded of them for tickets, they might expect to see greater investment in the team than they are seeing at the moment, and this before we even to begin to consider the dubious character that Bates is and the circumstances under which they took control of the club. If they don't make a stand against Bates but don't wish to continue watching the club, the other choice is to walk away from Leeds United, whether temporarily or permanently – an unsatisfactory resolution for all supporters.
It is positive that LUST have come out to campaign for their removal. As at many other clubs with large support bases, Leeds United's support is disparate by its nature and it is to be hoped that the concerns of LUST can provide a focal point around which those that want rid of Bates – who has been a cancer upon the game in this country for almost five decades now – can gather. Protest against them may not succeed quickly, but a boycott of the match against Southampton would serve two purposes. It would offend Bates in the only manner that they can, it seems, be genuinely hurt – in the pocket – and would be a visible signal to the rest of football that the supporters of this football club are not merely going to accept stratospheric ticket prices and the systematic sale of players. And if the supporters of Leeds United did manage to dislodge them from our game for good, we would all owe them a debt of gratitude.
You can follow Twohundredpercent on Twitter by clicking here.
We all know the names.
Marner, Matthews, Nylander, Zaitsev, Brown, Hyman, Carrick. The buds are filled with rookies this year, and it seems like everyone is exceeding expectations (Shut up about Matthew's scoring drought, he's leading the Leafs in 5v5 CF% and their shooting percentage is down; Matthews on Puckalytics) . But, when you look to the next year or two, that's when it get's really exciting.
Tampa Bay is currently 11-6-1. They had 101 points in 2014. They made the Stanley Cup Finals in 2015. Eastern Conference Finalists in 2016. That is sustained success. Over the last 4 seasons the Lightning have had over 13 rookies in the lineup for more than 10 games, the Leafs this year have had 7, and you can expect an influx of them throughout the upcoming seasons.
Leafs prospects are dominating in almost every league. If I were to mention every prospect belonging to the blue and white we'd both die of an information overload. Instead I'll stick to the most thrilling ones.
The Leafs second round pick last July; Yegor Korshkov, came as a surprise to some when they selected them 31st overall. Yet, Korshkov is currently 3rd in U21 scoring in the KHL at the age of 20, with 15 points in 29 games, already beating last year's total of 12 points in 41 games. Meanwhile in Eastern Europe, one of the Leafs two 3rd round picks from 2016 is also performing quite well. Carl Grundstrom now has 8 goals in 19 games, beating last years total in 30 fewer games, making them tied for 4th in goals scored in the SHL.
The KHL isn't the only place where Leafs rookies are performing well though. In the OHL we have Jeremy Bracco, who leads their team with 35 points in 17 games. Oh, and while being much over PPG, they are LITERALLY scoring at a point-per-game, having at least one point in each of their games played this season. Also in the O, there is Nikita Korestelev, who in their fourth year of junior has 28 points in 19 games. While that may not seem great, they are doing that as a 185th overall pick. Those are the kind of late round steals that provide you with infinite young possibilities for roster filling.
Out in the WHL, the Leafs 4th round selection in this past draft; Adam Brooks, has 26 points in 12 games as an over-age player while being the assistant captain of their Regina Pats. I'm not going to go too much into goaltending, but the bud's 3rd round pick last year Joseph Woll is performing extremely well as the starter at Boston College, while Antoine Bibeau is playing worthy of a call up for the Marlies.
Speaking of the Marlies… A majority of the Leafs future lies there, and it's exceptional. 22 year old Brendan Leipsic is tied for the league lead in scoring with 17 points in 12 games, and was player of the month in October. Kapanen was AHL player of the week in October as well, and has 7 goals in 12 games. Travis Dermott and Andrew Nielsen are the bright-light for the Leafs rookie defencemen, both performing very well as rookies, and with some of the Leafs weak defence some are calling for a call-up for Nielsen, after scoring 9 points in 12 games.
Some are overly optimistic about this year's leafs, but no one can deny they are very exciting, and it's tough to not jump with glee every time Marner feeds a beautiful pass to JVR for a goal, or Nylander and Matthews go off on a 2 on 1. However it is just as tough to not get even more excited when you look a year or two down the line and start to think about the many years of success it seems the Leafs upcoming rookies will bring them. A cup parade this year is for sure a longshot, but regarding 2018, 19, 20, 21? I don't know why we haven't already reserved our seats 😉
Thank you to anyone who made it this far! I hope you guys enjoyed my first blog, check back over the upcoming weeks for more if you enjoyed. Any constructive criticism is welcome, and if you want ANOTHER Leafs blogger to follow-on Twitter, follow me @DubasKnowsBest
Go Leafs Go, and remember Dubas Knows Best.
Advertisements
DevBlog: Of 3D Architects and Construction Workers
Take a second, close your eyes and think about Anno. What is the first image that comes to your mind? Probably hundreds of detailed buildings, swarmed by citizens following their daily life and a majestic view over a formerly untouched island paradise. But how do we create all of this, and how does it come together as a detailed panorama of a model city? In today's Devblog, our 3D Artist Rolf Bertz will show you how we create the detailed world of Anno, starting with nothing but many ideas and a few simple shapes.
Hi, my name is Rolf, and I am a 3D artist working on Anno 1800, after having joined the team almost five years ago. My first job was as a Concept Artist on Might and Magic Heroes: Online for half a year, before a personal dream came true and I moved over to the Anno side of things. During my work on Anno 2205 I slowly transitioned over to 3D art and becoming a character artist. These days, I enjoy creating lots of buildings for Anno 1800.
First Steps / General understanding 3D Assets
You probably remember our first behind the scenes art blog about the work of our concept artists, which already gave you a first glimpse at the first 3D work, which we create for new assets. But before I start exploring the whole process of 3D asset creation, we need to explain an important thing: what is the job of a 3D artist, and is it all just about buildings?
Strictly speaking, a 3D artist creates three-dimensional assets, but things are a bit more complex when creating a big strategic city-builder like Anno. While there are 2D graphics such as UI elements, the majority of them are made out of polygons. To be able to manage such a big library of 3D objects, many of our artists are specialized in certain types of 3D asset or production processes. We still talk about an Anno game, so many of our 3D artists are of course mainly busy creating buildings as they make up a huge part of our total asset library, but there are also artists responsible for vegetation, islands, wildlife or special effects. Creating all these other elements might be an interesting topic for the future, but with this first 3D blog, we want to focus on what takes up the majority of our time. Without further ado, let us see how we build an Anno building from scratch.
Step 1: Where do we start?
Let us talk about that 3D mockup from the concept art DevBlog for a second. The first 3D step in a creation process plays an important role in the decision process and helps to shape the final concept art, which will later serves us well when creating the final building in 3D.
Building that 3D mockup starts when we get the scribble from our concept art team. Based on that concept, we will start to block out the shape and overall look of the asset. While the process is simple at this point, as we are not wasting time with too many details, the mockup helps to get a feeling for the overall look and proportions of the building and with that, see if the concept fits with the overall art-style or blends well in to our cityscape. Our goal: the building needs to blend in while the player still needs to be able to identify its purpose in the blink of an eye.
Step 2: Now the real fun begins
The next step starts when the design receives its final approval and we get the finished concept art to start creating a high polygon asset of the building. There is a common saying between 3D artists that at this point, you become architect and construction worker at the same time. At the beginning, you have to decide which basic shape seems to be the most prominent in the concept. For buildings, that is mostly likely going to be a cube. With our newly spawned cube, we start to alter its shape systematically. During that alteration process, you add more details and other shapes, which you then merge into the object, until it resembles the basic form and shape of the building you want to create.
When your structural work is done (including walls, rooftop and all the other necessary parts), it's time for the detail work. With a high polygon asset, that means a ton of details: from the smallest bits like shingles on the roof up to every crack in the wall and from brickwork up to grain on wooden beams. At this point, our assets consist of sometimes over a million polygons (as mentioned, ALL the bricks, cracks and so on). Imagine you build your city out of hundreds of these highly detailed buildings, consisting of millions of polygons each. Sounds like a rough ride for your PC hardware.
Luckily, there is help on the horizon, which ensures that we will have nice looking details in the game while not tanking the performance of your PC into the ground.
So what we do now is to take the high polygon model and create a low polygon version of it, where we reconstruct the high detailed shape in a simpler version. To get an idea, one grid in Anno has a limitation of 250 polygons and a texture resolution of 256 pixels. That also means that we have a bit more leeway with bigger buildings, which have more grid space available.
With our newly created low polygon asset, it is time to quite literally skin the high polygon version of the building in a process called UV unwrapping.
To keep it simple, the surface of a 3D model is actually a flat 2D plane. In order to create that “skin”, we cut the 3D object at the edges, open it like a cardboard house and put everything flat on the ground. As a result, we get kind of a skin or blueprint map of your 3D asset, which we will need in the next step.
An example what a typical Anno building looks like as a Blueprint Map
Step 3: Baking, anyone?
The next step is called baking and has, unfortunately, nothing to do with cake. In order to get our “skin” with the high poly details on the low polygon building, we have to “bake” the high definition shape on it. Imagine putting a highly detailed skin on a low detailed model underneath, where we keep the simple polygon groundwork but the surface will gain depth and detail. The result of that baking procedure is called a “normal map” where all detail and even lighting to a degree is embossed into the skin to create the illusion of depth. It is like staring at a wall and seeing all its holes, bumps and unevenness while in reality, it is a completely flat surface.
Step by step, a high poly model is turned into a textured Anno building
Step 4: Let's bring in the textures
We are getting closer to the final asset and now it is time for some shader work. With the use of shaders, we can define the various materials, which our building consists of. As an example, we define what is wood or metal and even how the surface reacts, like if it is shiny or worn down surface. After we defined the substance of each part of the asset, it is time to paint it. For that, we have to do some research in advance, as we need to know how materials like burned brick look up close or what would be a fitting color for a rooftop in that age. Metal can be especially tricky, as we have to consider reflections. The best way to explain that is probably gold, as its natural color is actually a yellow tone and the reflections gives it the metal shiny look we are so familiar with.
As with concept art, we use inspirations of that time while our assets still need to convey that special Anno feeling and look. We also have to check how the colors and texture look when you watch your city zoomed out. Keep in mind that an Anno player spends most of the time watching their city from a bird's eye view and we have to ensure that they look great and harmonize at a larger scale while still looking good when you watch your city up close.
Examples of the different texture maps, which affect things like the perceived depth or shadows
And this is what we do
Our asset is now a detailed, textured and nice looking building, but we are not quite done yet. There is still a lot of work to do, from alterations based on feedback, fixing smaller and even bigger issues and – not to forget – bringing the asset to life with animation work. Nevertheless, we now have a nicely detailed and optimized asset and that might be enough for today, especially as the next steps are a job for one of my colleagues. So how about a second part where 3D Artist Carsten explains how they breathe that crowded living feeling into the world of Anno?
So what do you think? Do you like zooming in on your cities to see all the little details we put into our buildings' textures, animations and of course the citizens, or do you spend most of your playtime zoomed out as far as possible to keep an eye on your entire city? Let us know in a comment, and until next time,
Rolf
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Giggs never seemed like an enforcer who would get physical with a teammate. Cristiano Ronaldo has never seemed seem like the type of footballer who would let a teammate push them around.
However, according to a story currently doing the rounds on Twitter, both these seemingly unlikely things happened during one particularly feisty Man United breakfast a few years ago.
Jan Aage Fjortoft - the former Premier League striker turned media pundit - claims their compatriot Ole Gunnar Solsjkaer has revealed the details of a bust-up between the two wingers during Ronaldo's time at Old Trafford.
It seems Giggs was so angry with United's young superstar one morning that they pushed them up against a wall.
(Image: Getty)
So, what made the Welshman so furious with the Portuguese wonderkid?
The fact Ronaldo was drinking a COKE.
Yikes. Who knew Giggs was…
a) Such a hard case in the dressing room
b) Physically strong enough to manhandle Ronaldo
And c) Such a massive hater of Coca-Cola?
In entirely unrelated news, please enjoy this old picture of Giggs in their heyday:
BONUS CONTENT: This soft drink bust-up was clearly a one-off. As Giggs revealed during the Euros, they were a BIG Ronaldo fan from the start…
Dietary protein “requirements” are some of the most context-dependent nutrient levels to decipher, and depend largely on energy balance and even meal frequency.
An objective look at intermittent fasting (Alan Aragon, 2007)
Meal frequency and energy balance (Lyle McDonald, 2008)
New study: “Increased meal frequency attenuates fat-free mass losses and some markers of health status with a portion-controlled weight loss diet” (Alencar et al., 2015)
This wasn't well-received in social media because bro-science & many low carb advocates say grazing is no longer in vogue — “it's much better/healthier/whatever to eat once or twice daily, because intermittent fasting and all that jazz” …however, this may be problematic when it comes to meeting overall protein needs, which is particularly important when you're losing weight.
@CaloriesProper Really? Drawing conclusions based on a 2 week study of 11 pts? — Dr. Jason Fung (@drjasonfung) April 17, 2015
The study: 2 vs. 6 meals per day, crossover.
Conclusion: “On average, fat-free mass (FFM) decreased by -3.3% following the 2 meals/d condition and, on average, and increased by 1.2% following the 6 meals/d condition (P<.05).”
In other words, 6 meals per day was better for body composition than 2 meals per day. But context is everything, and this hypothesis has been tested from a variety of different angles, so what does it mean?
The relevant context here: 1) big energy deficit (1200 kcal/d for obese women is a pretty low calorie intake); and 2) “adequateTM” protein intake (75 g/d).
The standard dogma says that in the context of an adequate protein hypocaloric diet, meal frequency matters a LOT, whereas with high protein, it doesn't matter as much. Theory being that with an “adequate” (read: too low?) overall protein intake, the fasting periods are simply too long with only two meals per day; you need either: 1) higher protein intake; 2) increased meal frequency; or 3) more calories (ie, smaller energy deficit).
In this study, BOTH diets suppressed insulin and induced weight loss, but the increased protein feeding frequency skewed the weight loss to body fat while preserving fat-free mass. I actually agree with a lot of the bro-science in this case, and also think that 75 grams of protein is not enough in the context of a big energy deficit (if body composition is a goal).
Historical precedence?
Meal frequency and weight reduction of young women (Finkelstein et al., 1971)
Relevant context: 6 vs. 3 meals per day (3 meals per day may not seem like that many more than 2, but it significantly cuts down on the duration of time spent with no food or protein).
Smaller energy deficit: 1700 kcal/d in overweight patients is less of a deficit than 1200 kcal/d in obese patients.
Higher protein intake: 106 – 115g/d.
Result: nitrogen balance (a surrogate for the maintenance of muscle mass) and fat loss were similar in both groups. This study fixed two problems in the abovementioned study: 1) 3 meals is better than 2 in the context of an energy deficit; and 2) protein intake was higher.
And again here, with 3 vs. 6 meals per day (Cameron et al., 2010), just to make the point that 3 meals per day is better than 2 for preserving lean mass in the context of an energy deficit.
The effect of meal frequency and protein concentration on the composition of the weight lost by obese subjects (Garrow et al., 1981)
This study tested the opposite extremes: super-low calorie intake (800 kcal/d), much lower protein intakes (20g – 30g/d), and 1 vs. 5 meals per day.
Result: “a diet with a high-protein concentration, fed as frequent small meals, is associated with better preservation of lean tissue than an isoenergetic diet with lower-protein concentration fed as fewer meals.”
It basically confirmed all of the above.
Protein feeding pattern does not affect protein retention in young women (Arnal et al., 2000)
1 vs. 4 meals per day; and 70 grams of protein but no energy deficit (~2000 kcal/d isn't very hypocaloric for lean young women). In this study, no effect of meal frequency was seen, likely because 70 grams of protein isn't inadequate when energy intake isn't restricted.
1. PROTEIN “NEEDS” ARE HIGHLY CONTEXT-DEPENDENT
2. NEED =/= OPTIMIZATION
3. MEAL FREQUENCY & meal timing and peripheral circadian clocks > “MACRONUTRIENTS”
If you're losing weight (ie, in an energy deficit), then intermittent fasting is cool if protein intake is high (above “adequateTM“)… the bigger the energy deficit, the more protein is necessary to optimize changes in body composition.
How much is ‘enough?' Sorry, can't give you a gram or even gram per pound of body weight answer… but if you're losing weight and seeing no discernible effect on body composition (muscle vs. fat mass), then it may be prudent to consider eating more protein-rich foods… and paying more attention to sleep quality (which also greatly impacts nutrient partitioning).
No amount of protein will help you if circadian rhythms aren't intact!!!
further reading:
Yes, it's a high protein diet (Tom Naughton, 2015)
Protein requirements, carbs, and nutrient partitioning
Dietary protein, ketosis, and appetite control
Become a Patron!
For personalized health consulting services: drlagakos@gmail.com.
Affiliate links: KetoLogic for keto-friendly shakes, creamers, snacks, etc. And get 15% off your ketone measuring supplies HERE.
Still looking for a pair of hot blue blockers? TrueDark is offering 10% off HERE and Spectra479 is offering 15% off HERE. If you have no idea what I'm talking about, read this then this.
Join Binance and get some cryptoassets or download Honeyminer and get some Bitcoins for free!
20% off some delish stocks and broths from Kettle and Fire HERE.
If you want the benefits of ‘shrooms but don't like eating them, Real Mushrooms makes great extracts. 10% off with coupon code LAGAKOS. I recommend Lion's Mane for the brain and Reishi for everything else.
Join Earn.com with this link.
Start your OWN Patreon campaign!
calories proper
The finishing touches are being applied to Resident Evil 2: Reborn, the long-awaited fan remake of Capcom's survival horror classic.
The original, for reference.
Two new gameplay clips, below, show off the work that has been done to polish up and rebuild the 17-year-old game.
Developed using Unreal Engine 4, this new version of Resi 2 now includes revamped 3D models, particle effects, fresh lighting, tuned-up gameplay plus new textures and animations.
Reborn has now been in development for around two years and previously used the Unity engine.
You'll be able to download the game for free later this summer. Italian indie outfit Invader Games is working on the project on a not-for-profit basis.
It's still unclear what Resident Evil publisher Capcom thinks of the remake. Capcom recently re-released the GameCube port of Resident Evil 1, although this only required some light tuning.
A full, official remake of Resident Evil 2 would need a lot more work - so unless Capcom suddenly changes its mind and objects on the grounds of copyright, Reborn may remain safe for now.
Posted July 21st at 12:00am.
Check out the best Madden NFL 15 rookie ratings. All analysis provided by Madden Ratings Czar Donny Moore.
JADEVEON CLOWNEY (83 OVR)
HOUSTON TEXANS OLB (1ST OVERALL)
6'5, 266 POUNDS
Moore on Clowney: Clowney can be the "Marshawn Beast Mode" of the defensive side of the ball in Madden NFL 15. Their 95 Hit Power and 94 Power Moves (ranked #1 of all rookies) will make them the ultimate weapon in that Texans 3-4 defense.
GREG ROBINSON (83 OVR)
ST. LOUIS RAMS OL (2ND OVERALL)
6'5, 332 POUNDS
Moore on Robinson: Their 94 RBK makes them the third-best run blocking LG in Madden NFL 15 from day one. 73 SPD/87 ACC for a Guard is just plain silly.
KHALIL MACK (81 OVR)
OAKLAND RAIDERS OLB
6'3, 248 POUNDS
Moore on Mack: K-Mack can do it all: Rush the passer (90 Power Moves), stop the run (91 Pursuit/84 Block Shedding), and play in coverage (74 Zone Coverage).
JAKE MATTHEWS (81 OVR)
ATLANTA FALCONS OL
6'5, 305 POUNDS
Moore on Matthews: Matt Ryan has to be happy about the addition of Jake Matthews and their 90 Pass Block rating to the Falcons' offensive line.
SAMMY WATKINS (80 OVR)
BUFFALO BILLS WR
6'1, 211 POUNDS
Moore on Watkins: 93/SPD/95 ACC/95 AGI gives Sammy a trifecta at some of the most important ratings in the game for WR. Don't forget 88 Catches too.
CALVIN PRYOR (79 OVR)
NEW YORK JETS S
5'11, 207 POUNDS
Moore on Pryor: Wham, bam. 95 Hit Power for Mr. Pryor, get ready for some Hit Sticks!
AARON DONALD (79 OVR)
ST LOUIS RAMS DL
6'1, 285 POUNDS
Moore on Donald: Might be the most physically impressive DL prospect since Jadeveon Clowney, a few paragraphs above. 81 SPD for DT is almost unfair (fastest in all of Madden NFL 15).
HAHA CLINTON-DIX (79 OVR)
GREEN BAY PACKERS S
6'1, 208 POUNDS
Moore on Clinton-Dix: HHCD is good at everything, great at nothing. Solid in Zone Coverage (84) and can make plays with that 74 Catch rating and 85 Speed.
TAYLOR LEWAN (79 OVR)
TENNESEE TITANS OL
6'7, 315 POUNDS
Moore on Lewan: Lewan will be a nice addition to the Titans' line with 75 SPD/85RBK/86 PBK.
BLAKE BORTLES (78 OVR)
JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS QB
6'5, 232 POUNDS
Moore on Bortles: Bortles grades out as our top rookie QB in Madden NFL 15. 92 THP and 73 SPD make them a mini-Andrew Luck.
DARQUEZE DENNARD (78 OVR)
CINCINNATI BENGALS CB
5'11, 199 POUNDS
Moore on Dennard: Don't be afraid to call man coverage (89) and press (92) with Dennard.
MIKE EVANS (78 OVR)
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS WR
6'5, 231 POUNDS
Moore on Evans: Just throw the ball up to Big Mike Evans and they will go get it. 93 JMP and 89 Catch (ranked #1 rookie) make them a real problem for defenses.
ZACK MARTIN (78 OVR)
DALLAS COWBOYS OL
6'4, 308 POUNDS
Moore on Martin: Zack Martin is a rock solid option for the Cowboys OL. Expect them to start from Week 1 with their all-around game (84 RBK/84 PBK).
Check out the best Madden 15 rookie ratings.
Apr 6, 2017 | By Benedict
William Cook Cast Products, a casting company based in Sheffield, UK, has invested £6 million ($7.5M) in new technology, including a huge 3D printer, in an effort to keep its business alive. The company says it is the “last throw of the dice” following a decline in demand for British steel.
William Cook employees pour molten steel into a cast
Sheffield, a city in the English county of Yorkshire, is best known for its steel industry, which has been internationally renowned since the 19th century. Sadly, however, the “Steel City” has in recent times seen its manufacturing industry suffer a steep decline. Steel is still produced there by companies like Howco and Tata Steel, but such companies are having to work harder than ever to squeeze a profit from the iron alloy.
In what has been described as a “last throw of the dice” for one important Sheffield-based casting company, William Cook Cast Products (an arm of the William Cook Group) has invested £6 million in new manufacturing technologies, including a new Precision Foundry and a large-scale 3D printer. This new 3D printer can, according to the company, produce items ten times faster than traditional machining equipment, using just a tenth of the material.
Sir Andrew Cook, chairperson of William Cook, said that the big investment was an important step for the company. Not only has it secured the immediate future of 200 local jobs, it could also vastly improve production efficiency at the company. For instance, the new 3D printer can be used to speed up and lower the cost of lost wax casting, a technique in which wax patterns are dipped in a ceramic slurry, baked, and then melted away, allowing molten steel to be poured into the ceramic mould.
Ceramic molds at William Cook
“All the commodity stuff has gone to China and steel is the last choice of the engineer because it is difficult to work compared to aluminum, cast iron and plastic, although it is very high strength and can be welded,” Cook said. “If there is a future in first-world manufacturing, it is in precision engineering.”
The chairperson, who was knighted by outgoing British prime minister David Cameron in 2016, believes that additive manufacturing and other new technologies could be used to generated fresh interest in the metal alloy, bringing jobs and prosperity back to the region. But despite the positivity, Cook and all involved with the company know that they will need a degree of good fortune for the £6 million investment to pay off fully.
“The 3D printing techniques allow production of much larger, precision components more cheaply – you create your tooling by printing it rather than spending months and tens of thousands of pounds making complex shapes,” Cook said, before commenting on the resilience of their company during tough times: “I have changed the focus of this group many times in the last 50 years to cope with big market changes. There will be growth—there has to be growth to justify the investment.”
Of course, reshaping the casting company involved getting rid of certain things as well as adding new ones. To finance the investment in new equipment, William Cook had to close one of its sites, which it said had become obsolete after the dissolution of several of its target markets, including the mining transport industry. The company has moved workers from the closed facility to the new Precision Foundry, which was made from former storage buildings.
Lewis Rooms demonstrates 3D printed patterns and castings (above) and a laser scanner
(Images: Chris Etchells)
“I decided to give this business a future by bringing [two sites] together in this site and modernizing them to make high-technology, complex components which China can't or doesn't make,” Cook said. “Combined with the heavy integrity facility across the road it should give this business a long-term future. There's a big team here and with effort from everyone I'm confident this factory will see me out.”
William Cook Cast Products employs 500 people across three UK sites, in Sheffield, Leeds, and County Durham. In November 2016, the company won the “Component of the Year” accolade at the annual Cast Metals Industry Awards, scooping the prize for a 70 kg valve cage made using 3D printing and investment casting technology. The cage is used to modify fluid flow in control valve systems, reducing noise levels and improving efficiency.
“Traditionally, people have had to design for manufacture, which means they have had to make compromises,” said Simon Alexander, managing director at William Cook Cast Products, upon receiving the award. “Now, thanks to 3D printing, we have design for function. People can design with freedom. The art of the possible has changed.”
Posted in 3D Printing Application
Maybe you also like:
I.AM.Magic wrote at 4/10/2017 8:25:55 AM:A quick online search reveals they bought a Voxeljet VX1000. Furthermore, you can see the job box on the third picture and you can see the VX 1000 in the background, there is the three lights and the top left corner of the machine. But I guess you have to have used one to notice it ;)AG wrote at 4/6/2017 11:05:55 PM:No comment on which system they bought???
What would you do on a Saturday night if you were 25 years old and sitting on $25 million? Would you hit up a movie? Maybe go mini-golfing? If you're Canadian rapper/actor Drake, you withdraw $50,000 cash from your bank and make it rain at a Charlotte, North Carolina strip club! In case you were wondering, $50,000 is 0.2% of Drake's net worth. That's the equivalent of a person who is worth $100,000 throwing away $200. But here's what the average person can't do: When Drake throws away $50 grand at a club, not only do they get to look like a total badass, but as an entertainer they also get to write the whole night off on their taxes! Next month, when Drake's accountant files their 2012 tax return with the I.R.S., they have a justifiable argument for making every dollar they dumped on a stripper in 2012, a tax write off. They simply need to classify these expenditures as an "Advertising or Publicity" expense. Basically the same as buying a radio commercial or a billboard advertisement, except a lot more fun because you're surrounded by strippers. Technically speaking, if Drake wants to get the write-off, they would need to provide a receipt and prove that the expense is directly related to their business… But I'm sure they have accountants who handle details like that.
Drake Makes It Rain At A Strip Club With $50K:
What is a Write-Off?
Write offs aren't free money. A write-off is any expense that is used to reduce your taxable income. It's not like Uncle Sam is going to send Drake a $50,000 refund for partying at a strip club. When it's tax time, Drake's accountant adds up all the money the rapper made in a year, then deducts all legitimate business expenses. The end result will be Drake's "taxable income". For example, if Drake made $5 million in 2012, but spent $1 million on deductible expenses like mortgage interest, travel, promotions (including making it rain), their taxable income will be $4 million. In the United States, the highest federal tax rate is 35%, so Drake will owe (0.35 * 4,000,000) = $1.4 million in federal taxes. Depending on Drake's official state (and country) of residence, they may also owe various additional taxes. The point is, without write offs Drake would have had to pay 35% of the full $5 million = $1.75 million. Write offs save them $350,000 in taxes in this rough example.
But this doesn't mean we should all run out and spend spend a bunch of money to qualify for write offs. It is a terrible idea to spend money on things you don't need in order to get a write-off. The best kind of write offs are legitimate expenses that you would have spent no matter what. For example, if I owned a car free and clear, it would make no sense to go out and lease a brand-new BMW. Even if I could somehow justify the payments as an expense to have the write-off, the tax savings wouldn't come anywhere close to the thousands I would spend every year for the lease. On the other hand, if you were starting out a career as a real estate agent and didn't already own a car, it might make sense to go out and lease a nice car like a BMW. Real estate agents need to drive clients around as part of the job and having a nicer car projects an image of success that's necessary to attract new business. In this case, leasing a new BMW is an expense you would have had to spend either way, so you might as well get some tax break out of it. Do you think Drake making it rain is a justifiable deduction? What might be a better use of that money?
NEW DELHI: To make it easier for investors to buy or sell mutual fund products, fund houses are offering the facility of investing in such products by using the Aadhaar number.The investor can invest online in mutual fund products even if the person is not compliant with Know Your Client (KYC) details.The new service will help investors buy or sell mutual fund (MF) products in a simpler and faster way.The move comes after Sebi issued guidelines to change the existing norms for investing in mutual funds.Quantum MF is already off the block, which offers the facility of investing in mutual fund products on the basis of Aadhaar Card . Others are likely to follow suit."We are offering the facility for investors to voluntarily use their Aadhaar card to invest online in case they have a PAN Card but are not KYC compliant," Quantum MF Chief Executive Officer Jimmy Patel said."The benefit to investors is that if they wish to invest in MFs but have not completed their KYC formalities, then, such investors can now complete their investments using their Aadhaar card," they added.Earlier, without a KYC verified PAN card, it was not possible for an investor to complete their investment unless all the KYC formalities are complied with.Not just that, fund houses are taking several steps to raise their share. They are offering an electronic, or e-KYC, initiative to first-time investors.In addition, they have been tapping social media platforms like WhatsApp and Facebook and a host of other calling and messaging apps to facilitate transactions in MF products.The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), last week, said that fund houses and market intermediaries can verify the credentials of their clients with the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). However, it would be on voluntary basis.The amount invested by the client should not exceed Rs 50,000 per financial year.According to an estimate, there are more than 900 million Aadhaar card users and around 170 million PAN cardholders in the country.The new norms issued by Sebi would make it easier to tap those who reside in the intersection set between the two (having PAN cards and Aadhaar cards), but have not completed the KYC formality, an industry insider said.
NEW YORK -- A New York City woman has been fatally shot trying to keep three muggers from taking their cell phone full of their husband's romantic texts.
Shazam Khan told the New York Post that their 23-year-old wife, Rabia Mohammed, likely put up a fight because they cherished the texts on their phone.
They said they had four cell phones that were full. When they didn't have any memory left, they said, she'd get a new phone.
Police said the newlyweds were walking in the Hollis section of Queens on Sunday evening when the muggers surrounded them and demanded Mohammed's purse.
Khan said they ran to Mohammed's aid, but then saw "two flashes" of gunfire. They said Mohammed was shot twice in the chest and died in their arms.
The muggers fled.
The GOP's new tax bill, which passed Congress on Wednesday afternoon after one last vote in the House of Representatives and will be signed by President Donald Trump, is also a health care bill. The tax bill does at least as much (if not more) to upend Obamacare, or the Affordable Care Act, than even all of the Trump administration's thousand cuts to the health law over the past year by repealing the individual mandate. Which raises the question: Just what is the Obamacare individual mandate? And what does its repeal mean for Americans?
For starters: Contrary to a statement that President Trump made Wednesday, nixing Obamacare's individual mandate does not mean that Obamacare has been repealed in the GOP tax bill. The individual mandate, which requires most Americans (other than those who qualify for a hardship exemption) to carry a minimum level of health coverage, is actually still in effect for 2018—meaning that you may have to pay a steep tax fine if you don't have health insurance, for one thing. And even after the individual mandate repeal goes into effect the following year, Obamacare's individual insurance markets, federal subsidies to help Americans pay monthly insurance premiums, and Medicaid expansion in the dozens of states that implemented it will all still be in effect barring further Congressional action.
Click here to subscribe to Brainstorm Health Daily, our brand-new newsletter about health innovations.
Repealing Obamacare's individual mandate won't affect most people. That's because the vast majority of Americans receive health coverage through their employer or through a public health program like Medicare, Medicaid, or military health services. Obamacare's private, individual insurance markets (which, again, will still be around after the mandate is gone, and more than 70% of consumers can purchase government-subsidized plans in them) will go through some turmoil, though. Those markets are meant for people who don't have access to employer coverage but make too much money to qualify for safety net programs like Medicaid, or Americans who are self-employed.
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill. Terrible Individual Mandate (ObamaCare)Repealed. Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote. If approved, there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 20, 2017
Because Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act failed, they're trying to turn this tax bill into a health care bill by repealing the ACA's individual mandate. 13M more people will become uninsured in the next decade, and many face premium increases of up to 10%. — Kamala Harris (@KamalaHarris) December 20, 2017
The entire point of Obamacare's individual mandate is to make sure that it's not just sick people who are buying health insurance in these markets. By widening insurance risk pools to include a mix of young and old, healthy and sick, premiums go down in the overall market (and people don't simply sign up for insurance when they're sick only to ditch it when they don't need coverage anymore).
Ultimately, repealing Obamacare's individual mandate would cause 13 million fewer Americans to be insured in 2027 compared with current law, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO). Healthier and wealthier people may choose to forgo coverage, and even poorer, medically needy people may not sign up for insurance because they don't know which options are available and there may not be the same sense of urgency to enroll without the mandate. The CBO also predicts that premiums in the markets would spike 10% without Obamacare's individual mandate as the exchanges are left with a sicker consumer pool. However, for most Obamacare enrollees (those making between 100% and 400% of the Federal Poverty Level), an accompanying increase in federal subsidies will make up for higher premiums. Those making above that income level (about $48,000 for an individual or $98,000 for a family of four) will have to face the brunt of premium increases, though.
IF ONE can apply the term to a 78-year-old prelate who has turned lack of ostentation into an art form, then Pope Francis is a rock star. Or at least that is how they are being greeted in Latin America this week. A Hundred of thousands have turned up for open-air masses in Ecuador, with more to follow in Bolivia and Paraguay. Yet the eight-day tour—the longest foreign trip so far in this papacy and the first to Spanish-speaking America—may do more than underline the popularity in their home region of Jorge Mario Bergoglio, the first Latin American pope. It may add political definition to their papacy.
Still home to 40% of the world's Catholics, Latin America has seen a swift advance of evangelical Protestantism in the past 40 years. Yet according to the Pew Research Centre, a think-tank in the United States, Paraguay (where 89% are Catholics), Ecuador (79%) and Bolivia (77%) remain bastions of the faith, along with Colombia and Mexico.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The pope's most obvious purpose is to keep them that way by making the church more welcoming and more relevant. In Guayaquil, in Ecuador, in a mass celebrating the family (“the best social capital”) they spoke of their concern for those excluded from it—a reference to the quiet battle they are waging for more tolerance towards gay couples and divorcees. The issue will be taken up by a synod in October.
The three countries they are visiting are all fairly small and poor, with large Amerindian populations. They were chosen carefully. Francis, who used to be a Jesuit priest in Argentina, values pastoral work with those on the margins of society, respects popular piety and promises a “poor church, for the poor”.
Their words have enthused supporters of liberation theology, a set of leftist ideas that were influential in Latin America in the 1970s and 1980s. Francis speeded up the beatification, which took place in May, of Óscar Romero, a Salvadorean archbishop who was gunned down by a right-wing death squad while celebrating mass in 1980 and is a hero to the left.
Yet Father Bergoglio always rejected Marxism and violent revolution, which some leftist priests supported. Rather than embracing liberation theology, they are reinterpreting it for a post-Marxist age. Romero's “option for the poor wasn't ideological but evangelical,” says the Vatican. The pope's criticisms of free-market capitalism chime both with traditional Catholic social doctrine and with Peronism, Argentina's populist-nationalist political movement, to which they were once close.
Two of the pope's hosts, Ecuador's president, Rafael Correa, and Bolivia's Evo Morales, are hard-left allies of Venezuela's authoritarian regime. They proclaim that they will take from the rich and give to the poor, while quietly squelching the opposition. Mr Correa, who calls themselves a “Christian leftist”, publicly implied this week that the pope backs their policies. In a barely veiled rebuke to their host, the pope stressed the value of pluralism and warned against “dictatorships, personality cults and the eagerness for sole leaderships”.
Francis has already shown themselves to be a highly political pope. Their support for the secret talks that led to a diplomatic thaw between the United States and Cuba was crucial. When embassies reopen later this month after 54 years, they can claim some of the credit. They have five times received Argentina's president, Cristina Fernández, a Peronist with whom they clashed when archbishop of Buenos Aires.
With a presidential election in October (in which Ms Fernández themselves cannot stand), those meetings have provoked grumbling from opponents. But the pope is “very subtle in exercising influence in Argentina”, says Sergio Berensztein, a political scientist. Their aim in entertaining Ms Fernández is to encourage a smooth democratic handover, avoiding the violence and chaos that have marked political transitions in Argentina in the past.
Some observers worry that the pope is overplaying their hand politically. Their plan to go to Cuba—for four days—in September en route to the United States will anger Republicans and risks undermining the American half of that trip.
The biggest test of Francis's political skill will be whether they can help to bring about a peaceful and democratic transition in Venezuela, where the unpopular government of Nicolás Maduro faces likely defeat in a parliamentary election this year—if it is free and fair. “Behind the scenes they are trying to do everything they can in Venezuela to defuse confrontation,” says Jimmy Burns, the author of a forthcoming biography of Francis. Expect that to include the application of priestly pressure to Mr Maduro's allies, Presidents Correa and Morales, this week.
home > changed teachings > celebrations
Christmas, Birthdays, Mother's Day & Flag Salute
Watchtower Bible Students actively engaged in and promoted celebrating Christmas, birthdays and Mother's Day until well after 1919. These were thought out apparently under the guidance of Jehovah's holy spirit and explained as acceptable. Now Jehovah has dictated that practising these customs is to be considered pagan or creature worship and those that participate are described as "ignorant." This makes a mockery of any claim that the Organization had a special standing in Jesus' eyes in 1919, or chose Watchtower to be their sole channel for salvation, based on it being the only Organization teaching and practicing truth.
Christmas
"When Jehovah's Witnesses cast aside religious teachings that had pagan roots, they also quit sharing in many customs that were similarly tainted. But for a time, certain holidays were not given the careful scrutiny that they needed. One of these was Christmas." Jehovah's Witnesses - Proclaimers of God's Kingdom p.198
Bible Students celebrated Christmas well after they were "cleansed" in 1919. The discussion of this in the Proclaimers book lets one draw the conclusion that this was a pagan celebration inherited from Christendom, but subsequently discarded once properly considered. Yet Jehovah's Slave had considered Christmas and not only concluded that it was acceptable for Christians but promoted it as "of the greatest importance."
As the more recent publication God's Kingdom Rules! admits in 2014, Watchtower acknowledged Christmas had pagan links from as early as 1881.
"The Bible Students long acknowledged that Christmas has pagan roots and that Jesus was not born on December 25. Zion's Watch Tower of December 1881 stated: “Millions were brought into the church from Paganism. But the change was mostly in name, for the pagan priests became christian priests and the pagan holidays came to be called by christian names—Christmas being one of these holidays.” In 1883, under the title “When Was Jesus Born?” the Watch Tower reasoned that Jesus was born about the beginning of October." God's Kingdom Rules! p.101
Despite this, Watchtower concluded that Christmas is an important and acceptable celebration.
"Even though Christmas is not the real anniversary of our Lord's birth, but more properly the annunciation day or the date of their human begetting (Luke 1:28), nevertheless, since the celebration of our Lord's birth is not a matter of divine appointment or injunction, but merely a tribute of respect to him, it is not necessary for us to quibble particularly about the date. We may as well join with the civilized world in celebrating the grand event on the day which the majority celebrate - "Christmas day."" Zion's Watch Tower 1904 Dec 1 p.364
The following picture includes four Watchtower Presidents - Rutherford, Knorr, Franz and Henschel - celebrating Christmas at Bethel in 1926.
Postcard photo of the Bethel Christmas meal, 1926.
The Way To Paradise W.E. Van Amburgh supplement p.30
Shortly before Christmas 1927, the Golden Age claimed it to be a pagan celebration from the Devil, and the Bethelites did not hold a Christmas celebration in that year.
"... The Golden Age of December 14, 1927, noted that Christmas is a pagan celebration, focuses on pleasures, and involves idol worship. The article made it clear that the celebration was not ordered by Christ and concluded with this pointed statement about Christmas: “The fact that the world, the flesh, and the Devil are in favor of its perpetuation and observance . . . is a final and conclusive argument against its celebration by those who are dedicated wholly to the service of Jehovah.” Not surprisingly, the Bethel family did not celebrate Christmas that December—or ever again!" God's Kingdom Rules! (2014) p.102
In 1928, a lecture was delivered to discourage Bible Students from celebrating Christmas from then onwards.
"What caused the Bible Students to stop celebrating Christmas? Richard H. Barber gave this answer: "I was asked to give an hour talk over a [radio] hookup on the subject of Christmas. It was given December 12, 1928, and published in The Golden Age #241 and again a year later in #268. That talk pointed out the pagan origin of Christmas. After that, the brothers at Bethel never celebrated Christmas again." Yearbook 1975 p.147
Birthdays
The following quote from the 1975 Yearbook makes it appear that birthdays stopped being celebrated shortly after Christmas in 1928.
"After that, the brothers at Bethel never celebrated Christmas again. "Did we mind putting those pagan things away?" asks Charles John Brandlein. "Absolutely not. This was just complying with new things learned, and we had never known before they were pagan. It was just like taking a soiled garment off and throwing it away." Next, birthday celebrations and Mother's Day were discarded-more creature worship. Sister Lilian Kammerud recalls: "How readily the brothers all dropped these holidays and admitted they were glad to be free. New truths always make us happy and . . . we felt we were privileged to know things that others were ignorant about.""Yearbook 1975 p.147
God's Kingdom Rules! makes it appear that birthdays were identified as unacceptable in 1936, by quoting from The Golden Age of that year.
""There are but two such celebrations mentioned in the Scriptures, one of the heathen king Pharaoh of Egypt, in the days of Joseph, and the other of [Herod,] whose birthday cost John the Baptist their life. In the Bible there is no instance of celebrations of birthdays by any of God's people."—The Golden Age, May 6, 1936, page 499." God's Kingdom Rules! (2014) p.105
In reality, birthdays continued being celebrated until 1951. In 1940, the following experience shows birthdays were still considered appropriate.
"Pardon me for intruding on your precious time, but I just can't help letting you know how much I appreciate the phonograph which came to me on the morning after the 8th, which was my 80th birthday. It was indeed a birthday gift from Jehovah, to be used in proclaiming their name. May grace and strength be given me to do with my might what my hands find to do." Watchtower 1940 Jan 1 p.16
In 1951, that the Watchtower stated the Witnesses were no longer to celebrate birthdays.
"Is it proper to have or attend celebrations of birthday anniversaries?-F. K., Nevada.
Such celebrations have their roots in pagan religions, and not Scriptural grounds. Some Bible commentators suggest that birthday celebrations may have had their origin in the "notion of the immortality of the soul"." Watchtower 1951 Oct 1 p.607 Questions from Readers
There is nothing unscriptural about celebrating birthdays. (See Birthdays for detailed information on why the Watchtower ruling against birthdays is wrong.) Most Witnesses struggle to explain why they can't without some embarrassment at the shallow reasoning used. Romans 14:5-6 advises not to judge others and their celebrations:
"One indeed judges a day above another; and another one judges every day alike, Let each one be fully assured in their own mind. The one minding the day, they mind it to the Lord. And the one not minding the day, they do not mind it to the Lord. The one eating, they eat to the Lord; for they give thanks to God. And the one not eating, they do not eat to the Lord, and gives thanks to God."
Once more we see that so-called pagan doctrine and practices promoted in the Watchtower by the Governing Body were not replaced by new light until decades after Jesus is said to have cleansed their people. This is in sharp contrast with Christian times. How many times did the Apostles issue a decision under God's direction through the Bible letters, only to later decide that it was wrong and introduce an almost opposite viewpoint?
Mother's Day
In 1908, Anna Jarvis held a memorial in honour of their late mother, Ann Jarvis, to recognise their work as a peace activist, and because mother's do more for their children “than anyone else in the world”. In 1910, the first US state recognised this as a local holiday and in 1914 it became a national holiday. (Wikipedia.org Mother's Day 5 Oct 2016)
In the 1931 book Vindication, Rutherford made the ludicrous argument that Mother's Day was a plot of Satan to draw worship away from Jehovah and towards women. Their bitter tirade includes the following:
“The so-called “Mother's Day” was observed in America first in 1914, the very year that Satan's world ended and they knew their time was short to get ready for the battle of Armageddon. To induce the people to bestow special honor and worship upon mothers would be one step towards turning the people away from the worship of God; and this is one of their means of preparing for Armageddon. … On the face of it the arrangement of “Mother's Day” seems harmless and calculated to do good. But the people are in ignorance of Satan's subtle hand in the matter, and that they are the back of the movement, to turn the people away from God. … Neither the man nor the woman should be worshiped for doing right, because such doing of right is their duty. Creature worship of any kind is wrong and is an abomination in the sight of God.” Vindication (1931) pp.158-160
This false reasoning continued, with a 1956 Awake! article an almost verbatim extract from Vindication.
“On the face of it the arrangement of Mother's Day or Father's Day seems harmless and calculated to do good. But the people are in ignorance of Satan's subtle hand in the matter. … Neither the man nor the woman should be worshiped for doing right. Creature worship of any kind is wrong and is an abomination in God's sight.” Awake! 1956 May 8 p.26
Mother's Day is a heartwarming concept about respect and honour, and has nothing to do with worship. The only complaint could be one that Jarvis raised themselves by the 1920's; that Mother's Day had become overly commercialised.
Flag Salute
An oft quoted identifier that the Watchtower Society is the only true religion is that Jehovah's Witnesses do not participate in politics. This too has undergone change.
In the following 1918 Watchtower article the United States is praised and Bible Students were requested to pray for the Americans to be successful in the war against Germany.
"In accordance with the resolution of Congress of April 2nd, and with the proclamation of the president of the United States of May 11, it is suggested that the Lord's people everywhere make May 30th a day of prayer and supplication. God was graciously pleased to cause the nation to be formed and to grow under the most favorable conditions in the world for the preservation of liberty, civil and religious.
This is a land divinely "shadowed with wings"--over-shadowed by the providential watchcare of God's word --where God has lifted up an ensign on the mountain (kingdom), and where they have blown the trumpet message of the truth. Here the love of truth has for three thousand years attracted from all quarters of the world people who love God, love the Bible and love religious liberty. Here, practically alone of all the nations, exists in the fundamental laws of the land the safeguard that so long as the Constitution stands no law may be made nor any governmental action taken prohibiting the free exercise of religion, or abridging the freedom of speech or the press.
Countless blessings have flowed to devout people through the wise provisions of the laws of the United States, blessing whose influences have been felt to the remotest corners of the earth, whenever even a spark of love for God-given freedom might be fanned into a glow. Here, more perhaps than elsewhere, exists that "present" which shall be brought unto Jehovah (Isaiah 18:7), earth's oblation (Ezekiel 45:1) to God of that class who, when in the age to come the restitution hosts shall be numbered, shall be found to have been "born in Zion" (Psalm 87:5, 6), taken out of the world and given, in a figure, as humanity's present to their God, to be forever sons and servants of the Most High.
This class love to "assemble themselves together, and so much the more as they see the day approaching" (Hebrews 10:25), and they will be of all people the most ready to embrace an opportunity of gathering in an additional service of prayer and supplication. As says the spirit through the Apostle Paul: "I exhort, therefore, that first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions and giving of thanks, be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty. For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour." (I Timothy 2:1-3) Let there be praise and thanks-giving to God for the promised glorious outcome of the war, the breaking of the shackles of autocracy, the freeing of the captives (Isaiah 61:1) and the making of the world safe for the common people--blessings all assured by the Word of God to the people of this country and of the whole world of humankind." Watchtower 1918 June 1 p.174 "May 30 for Prayer and Supplication"
In addition to praising the United States and praying for their victory the Watchtower also stated that showing honour to the flag was acceptable. The American Bethel home displayed a bust of Abraham Lincoln and 2 American flags.
"Suppose the city or state officials should issue an order requiring, or even requesting, that all persons display the American flag. What should we do? We answer, We think it would be right to display the flag in obedience to such order or request. Every one in America should take pleasure in displaying the American flag - especially when requested so to do." Watch Tower 1917 May 15
In 1929 Rutherford started to incorrectly claim that the Superior Authorities of Romans 13:1 that deserve our allegience did not apply to governments. This incorrect conclusion led to justification of breaking the laws of the land and distancing themselves from politics. Yet did not the 1917 Watch Tower rightfully explain that we should give thanks to the authorities in order to be able to live quiet and peaceable lives (1 Tim 2:1-3)?
Political involvement by God's followers is shown consistently throughout the Bible. The New Testament says to show respect for the 'higher authorities' and pay 'Caesars things to Caesar'. The Governing Body prayed for Holy Spirit before giving the opinion in 1917 that displaying the flag is acceptable. To later revoke that position shows that Holy Spirit does not operate through the Governing Body.
Paul Grundy 2005 - 2018
So I go away for a few hours and now @instapundit's not allowed to have opinions? Great job, internet. — Mark Hemingway (@Heminator) November 15, 2014
“So how are things going for feminism?” asks Glenn Reynolds, aka Instapundit, in an opinion piece published in Saturday's edition of USA Today. “Well, last week they took one of the great achievements of human history — landing a probe from Earth on a comet hundreds of millions of miles away— and made it all about the clothes.”
As Twitchy reported, “slutshirt shamed” British physicist Matt Taylor of the Rosetta probe project gave a tearful apology Friday for demonstrating “casual misogyny” in their choice of attire for the day of the comet landing. Many on Twitter came to Taylor's defense: “Can we make a bigger deal out of nothing?” asked one tweeter.
Reynolds took their defense of Taylor to USA Today, calling the incident “one small shirt for a man, one giant leap backward for womankind.”
MY USA TODAY COLUMN: How feminists took a major scientific event and made it all about what people were wearing. http://t.co/R2QKDqvc3s — Instapundit.com (@instapundit) November 15, 2014
“It seems to me that if you care about women in STEM,” they add, “maybe you shouldn't want to communicate the notion that they're so delicate that they can't handle pictures of comic-book women. Will we stock our Mars spacecraft with fainting-couches?”
That will have to wait; Reynolds' article is proof that there's a terrible shortage of fainting-couches here on earth. To further illustrate the backlash against Taylor, Reynolds quoted a tweet in which The Atlantic's Rose Eveleth wrote, “No no women are toooootally welcome in our community, just ask the dude in this shirt.” But is it true that they “doxxed” them too, a la Anonymous? That's crazy.
Screw it. I'm going to write and listen to Shostakovich. You all have fun doxxing women "to teach them lessons." It's the @instapundit way. — Dylan Wilbanks (@dylanw) November 15, 2014
Huh? Where did this ridiculous (and defamatory) “doxxing” idea come from? Here?
#Liar MT @docfreeride Glenn Reynolds has doxxed @roseveleth.Putting women in fear for their safety is the American way, y'all. @instapundit — ryuge (@0ryuge) November 15, 2014
Correction: Glenn Reynolds has encouraged their flying monkeys to go after @roseveleth & someone has doxxed them #PlausibleDeniability — Janet D. Stemwedel (@docfreeride) November 15, 2014
@instapundit @0ryuge @docfreeride @roseveleth And 'his flying monkeys' means 'people totally unrelated to them over whom they have no control.' — Jon Ireland (@jrireland1) November 15, 2014
@jrireland1 @instapundit @0ryuge @roseveleth You think if they asked them to stop & gave good reasons why they wouldn't? — Janet D. Stemwedel (@docfreeride) November 15, 2014
Another lie @docfreeride @roseveleth Glenn Reynolds has encouraged their flying monkeys to go after @roseveleth & someone has doxxed them — Zaggs (@Zaggs) November 15, 2014
@docfreeride I wasn't aware calling someone "horrible" and pointing out their actions equated to Doxxing. @Zaggs @roseveleth — M3_GuSta (@HLandfill) November 15, 2014
@brennawalks @kejames @roseveleth Note that Glenn Reynolds DID NOT dox Rose (someone else did), just sicced others on them — Janet D. Stemwedel (@docfreeride) November 15, 2014
No, they did not. Retract and apologize. MT @docfreeride: Note that @instapundit DID NOT dox Rose, just sicced others on them — Natevember (@NathanWurtzel) November 15, 2014
@docfreeride @roseveleth All I did was quote them You are making a false accusation. — Instapundit.com (@instapundit) November 15, 2014
@docfreeride @roseveleth You're going to need to cite the tweet or post that you're referring to here. Except that it doesn't exist. — Joel Engel (@joelengel) November 15, 2014
@docfreeride @roseveleth Wait…Something someone else did to them is Reynolds fault? They encouraged no one. You are doing the same thing here — Jerald Rowlett (@JeraldRowlett) November 15, 2014
.@docfreeride Show me where @instapundit encouraged others to "go after" @roseveleth? Why do you try to smear people you disagree with? — AG (@AG_Conservative) November 15, 2014
@docfreeride @roseveleth You are a liar. They did no such thing whatsoever and you know it. You're dishonest to the core. — Nina (@NinaMarieMcK) November 15, 2014
People in my TL want you to know that @instapundit is a totally responsible guy who wishes no harm to anyone. I cannot prove otherwise, so… — Janet D. Stemwedel (@docfreeride) November 15, 2014
1/n @docfreeride And yet, @instapundit chose to called out one woman much less powerful than they as "a horrible person" … — Thomas Levenson (@TomLevenson) November 15, 2014
“@TomLevenson: And yet, @instapundit chose to called out one woman much less powerful than he" They write for the Atlantic. Made scientist cry. — Instapundit.com (@instapundit) November 15, 2014
@instapundit @TomLevenson So they can start the #shirtstorm then cry foul when they get called on it. Convenient standard you have there. — lauren (@LilMissRightie) November 15, 2014
4/4 @docfreeride Or, perhaps @instapundit is a dishonest hack picking on those who can't strike back in ways that comfort them malign soul. — Thomas Levenson (@TomLevenson) November 15, 2014
@TomLevenson @instapundit They used their position to humiliate a man over a shirt.You don't think they deserve criticism? — Waffle721 (@waffle721) November 15, 2014
@TomLevenson You bullied them into apologizing on the eve of their scientific breakthrough. That's *not* humiliation? @instapundit — Amy (@moderncomments) November 15, 2014
@TomLevenson It clearly was a lynch mob. The guy did something spectacular and they got more press bc of a gd shirt. That's horrific. — lauren (@LilMissRightie) November 15, 2014
Yeah, I bet The Angry Internet People are going to get @instapundit to cower in fear. Seems like a good use of their time. — Sonny Bunch (@SonnyBunch) November 15, 2014
So, writing lengthy accusation of sexism over a shirt: Groovy. Writing criticism of said column: Doxxing. #hypocrisy @instapundit — Ed Morrissey (@EdMorrissey) November 16, 2014
Here's a #protip – Do not go into the social-criticism field if you can't take criticism for your arguments. @instapundit — Ed Morrissey (@EdMorrissey) November 16, 2014
One more #protip: No one is responsible for threats except the person that makes them, not others who only criticize you. @instapundit — Ed Morrissey (@EdMorrissey) November 16, 2014
So I stepped away for a day and apparently crazy people are libeling @instapundit on the theory they don't know what libel is or something? — Thomas H. Crown (@ThomasHCrown) November 16, 2014
Something like that.
Hey @docfreeride, you should listen to @instapundit. I've literally collected millions of reasons why. — Kurt Schlichter (@KurtSchlichter) November 15, 2014
Excellent advice. And maybe read their piece in USA Today. Carefully.
@instapundit ok. I've now read your column 10 times. What in the Hell are they talking about? Was there a secret subliminal font I missed? — richard nusbaum (@attyrik) November 16, 2014
Editor's note: The headline of this post was edited to correct a typo.
The following satirical video, “Gay Scientists Isolate Christian Gene”, pokes fun at the concept of a “gay gene” and religious opposition to homosexuality.
The proportion of people who believe that homosexuality is chosen is decreasing. That's not to imply that homosexuality is the phenotype expressed by a “gay gene”. Just that whatever makes one gay – e.g., some range of interactions between genetic, hormonal, neurological and/or social/environmental factors – it's not the sort of conscious deliberations a teenager makes when choosing which college to attend.
Part of what makes the video above funny is that it suggests that being Christian is not a choice. To me, this invites the question (ignoring the particular religion)
Is belief in God a choice?
Can you simply choose to believe or not believe? My inclination is to doubt that you can. I'm an agnostic atheist. As far as I can tell, in the absence of incredible new evidence, I would be unable to choose to genuinely believe in a God. I've come across several other non-believers who've said similar things. Likewise, I've met many believers who have indicated that their belief in God (or reincarnation, for that matter) are beyond their choosing.
Social scientists like Jonathan Haidt have pointed out that the minds of conservatives and liberals appear to operate differently in certain ways. Could this also be true of theists and atheists? Going more broadly,
Is a love for baseball and disdain for hockey a choice?
I love baseball and utterly despise hockey. Being Canadian, I've met countless people of the opposite position. I don't think that I could just choose to like hockey. As a youth I tried. Never took.
Famed psychologist and one of the main figures of Behaviorism, BF Skinner, once defined free will as the ability to do what one wants. They then went onto say that we cannot choose what we want. I would add that we cannot choose what we like/dislike or believe/disbelieve. We can act so as to bias our predispositions – e.g., actively seeking out sources of information to validate a particular position. But at the end of the day, we're either compelled or we're not.
Going back to the initial question:
What do you think? Can we choose belief in God? If so – or not – what implications do this have for how we should act toward each other?
Feel free to also comment on our free will (or lack thereof) to choose other types of beliefs, tastes, etc.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays 🙂
Advertisements
Michael Hartmann, the MP for Wackernheim, in west Germany, has refused to resign their seat DPA
A leading German politician who confessed to using crystal meth yesterday attempted to explain their actions, by claiming that they improved their performance as an MP.
Michael Hartmann, 51, admitted buying small amounts of the powerful stimulant and using it for a month.
The Social Democratic Party MP for Wackernheim, in western Germany, has refused to resign their seat after a police raid on their home failed to find any trace of the drug and they are not, so far, facing any charges.
Mr Hartmann issued a statement through their lawyer following days of silence after they were named last week by a dealer under surveillance by German police.
They said that they thought that using small quantities of crystal meth would help them to…
LOGAN COUNTY, Okla. – Fire crews are canceling the evacuation for Logan County residents after a large grass fire burned through the area.
Officials say a grass fire that started around 12:00 p.m. near Hiwassee Road and Triplett Road burned more than 1,300 acres of land.
According to Guthrie Fire Chief Eric Harlow, at least seven units were called to the fire, including Cashion, Deer Creek, Woodcrest, Meridian, Oak Cliff, Guthrie, and Edmond.
Officials also called in air support.
Earlier, fire crews asked residents in the path of the fire to evacuate.
According to the Guthrie Fire Department, if you live east of Choctaw Road to XXX road, or north of Prairie Grove Road to Highway 105, you were in the evacuation zone.
Residents in the area were asked to go east or west.
345 pm- Fire Warning Evacuation Zone in Logan County near Meridian. #okwx pic.twitter.com/MmHTNjDOen — NWS Norman (@NWSNorman) January 18, 2015
However, around 5:45 p.m., officials called off the evacuation and allowed residents back into the area.
Bob Moore Chopper 4 Pilot Jon Welsh says at least one home was destroyed in the fire.
The Oklahoma Highway Patrol closed down I-35 in the area for about an hour due to heavy smoke. The road re-opened around 4:30 p.m.
Helen Price with the Lazy E Arena says they opened up stalls for any livestock that needs to be moved. However, please check with the arena security first.
No word on any injuries at this time.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
The big difference in the wildfire fight near the town of Meridian has come from the Army Guard Blackhawks!! #goodjob pic.twitter.com/Gco4dwcppX — Jon Welsh (@Chopper4Jon) January 18, 2015
North Doppler radar is picking up on the smoke plume out of one of the Logan County wildfires. pic.twitter.com/pqxoHvekuV — KFOR (@kfor) January 18, 2015
Stranded on I-35 in Logan County with grass fires all around pic.twitter.com/jlSFaZFxBg — Cameron Dole (@Doorkeeper) January 18, 2015
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
See a typo? Report it here.
We are thrilled to bring you Part 2 of our Halloween Podcast. Today, we are joined by IronE Singleton, aka T-Dog in The Walking Dead! IronE was hilarious, smart, and most certainly humble, yet passionate about their career and life. We discuss their time on the Walking Dead, to Blindside, and even as a player for the Georgia Bulldogs. IronE has a brand new one man show entitled, "Blindsided by the Walking Dead" that is a must-see, in which they are asking fans to help their Kickstarter campaign. Make sure to check it out.
Later, we are joined by Rachel Penman, the Director of Artifacts for the Crime Museum in Tennessee. Hear all about how the museum obtained insane items, such as John Wayne Gacy's paintbox, Ted Bundy's Volkwagen, and even OJ Simpson's imfamous Bronco. Rachel was quite informative and interesting. Make sure to check out the museum.
Along with these amazing interviews, we discuss spirits, zombies, and even some haunted bears!
Please continue to subscribe, listen, support, and share.
FB-Verbalshenanigans
IG-Verbalshenanigand
Twitter-VScomedy
The Republican candidate's proposals for Arab Spring 'might be a problem,' Huntsman said. | REUTERS Huntsman: Mitt's got 'a problem'
Jon Huntsman said Friday they don't know how Mitt Romney is planning to handle the Arab Spring, which the former GOP presidential hopeful said was a “kind of problem.”
“I don't know what Gov. Romney is proposing at this point,” Huntsman said on MSNBC's “Morning Joe” when asked about the difference between how President Barack Obama would handle the Arab Spring, compared with Romney's proposals.
Story Continued Below
“That might be a problem,” host Mika Brzezinski said.
“It's kind of a problem,” Huntsman said.
Huntsman, who lost to Romney in the Republican primaries and half-heartedly endorsed the eventual nominee, worked for Obama as U.S. ambassador to China. They also worked in foreign policy in the George W. Bush administration before winning office in Utah.
Huntsman had earlier in the interview declined to criticize Romney's comments in the wake of the assaults on the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and the consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Four Americans, including the ambassador, died in an attack on the Benghazi compound.
“I failed, as my daughter tells me time and time again, so I'm not in a position to offer any kind of advice,” Huntsman said, later adding: “I thought this was a perfect opportunity for the Romney campaign to step up, and begin, not through immediate criticism, but begin to articulate their vision for the Middle East, in terms of how we begin putting some of these pieces back together again. That's what the American people want to hear. I think they've heard enough of the finger-pointing, the criticisms, the anger.”
And if Huntsman wanted to help Romney, they wouldn't have the opportunity. Later Friday, MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell asked them when they last talked to the former Massachusetts governor.
“I don't ever talk to him,” Huntsman said.
DELAWARE COUNTY, Pa. (CBS) — The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating after dozens of people were injured in a high-speed SEPTA train crash in Upper Darby early Tuesday morning.
Thirty-three people were injured in the crash which happened around 12:10 a.m. at the 69th Street Terminal. Four of them were critically injured and taken to Pennsylvania Hospital and Lankenau Medical Center.
According to SEPTA, the Norristown high-speed line trolley was pulling into the terminal when it crashed into an empty train parked on the tracks.
NTSB Investigator Ruben Payan specified the trains involved.
“At 12:15 a.m. SEPTA train #155 struck an unoccupied train railcar #148 while entering the 69th Street Terminal,” said Payan. “Preliminary reports from local authorities indicate there were 32 passenger injuries and one train operator injury also.”
“There was blood everywhere,” said one passenger who identified themselves as Ronnie. “There was this driver all banged up and there was this one girl bleeding out of their face pretty bad.”
Ronnie said they were waiting for the train when something seemed off.
“I was waiting at Gulph Mills, the train came by and blew past us about two or three train lengths — stopped, backed up and picked us up,” Ronnie said. “The same thing happened at Bryn Mawr — drove past, backed up, picked us up. We got to the terminal, I stood up to get off and smack.”
Passenger Raymond Woodard was knocked unconscious in the crash.
“I fell asleep coming from work, I heard the the train going super fast. I look up and see we are at 69th Street and thought, ‘Why are we going so fast?' Then we just hit the train, boom,” they said.
Woodard added, “I'm super lucky because it was super bloody. The driver was all banged up and there was this one girl bleeding out of their face — pretty bad. “
The NTSB says video evidence will aid in their investigation.
“Onboard video recorders from the two rail cars involved have been downloaded and they will be sent to our vehicle recorder lab in D.C. for further analysis,” said Payan.
Payan says an 8-member will comb through the evidence over the next four-five days.
“We will not be determining the cause of this accident while we are here on the scene,” they said. “We are going to be here on scene for four or five days collecting evidence. Once we finish here we will continue the investigation back at our home headquarters in Washington, D.C.”
Its unknown, so far, how fast the train was traveling and why it kept blowing past each terminal.
SEPTA's Norristown High Speed Line is operating between 69th Street and Norristown Transportation Centers. Trains are operating local service only, every 15 to 20 minutes. There is no express service.
Earlier this year, four people were injured when multiple SEPTA cars collided at the 69th Street Terminal.
by Mia McKenzie
I've been thinking a lot about shared female identity. A lot of people seem to think that being born with female parts bonds you in some significant way to other people who are born with female parts. In order to get the most out of all that bonded-female-parts-ness, there are events and outings that welcome female-born people only, places where we can listen to the music “we” like and talk about our periods or something. It goes like this: “women” have a different experience in the world than “men” and therefore understand each other on some deep level and in some universal way because of that experience. While I agree, of course, with that first part, I find the last part really tricky.
I don't feel any universal connection with all people who are born with female parts. I'm not sure I know anyone who actually does, not when you really break it down. Because, despite what mainstream (white) feminism and tampon commercials would have us believe, “shared” female experience isn't really all that “shared” at all.
Let's take for example a well-known issue that affects women–the issue of “equal pay.” We've all heard the statistic: in the US, women make 77 cents for every dollar a man makes on average. That sucks. But it's not quite the shared experience it seems. A recent report by the National Partnership for Women & Families shows that black women only make 70 cents for every dollar a man makes on average, and only 64 cents compared to every dollar paid to a white, non-Hispanic man. And Latinas make only 55 cents for every dollar made by a white, non-Hispanic man. Well, damn. That 77 cents never looked so good.
Of course, it's not just economics…
READ MORE
About
ma·lev·o·lent adjective \mə-ˈle-və-lənt\ A desire to cause harm to a person arising from intense, often vicious hatred.
Inspired by gripping true events, The Malevolent is a frightening supernatural thriller that examines a haunted hotel years after a series of horrifying incidents occurred.
Combining a mesmerizing script designed to fit a primary location and new, affordable technologies in film-making, The Malevolent can deliver a unique, compelling film to a hungry thriller audience on an extremely low budget.
We are real filmmakers with a desire to create a scary, serious and genuine film for fans. This movie is so very important to us. We must make it.
Well over a year ago, I stumbled upon a video online known as the Elisa Lam footage. Its since gone viral and it is unnerving. It's real security cam footage of a woman in an elevator that, over the course of four minutes, looks as if she's becoming possessed - drifting in and out of the elevator, unbalanced and frightened. At the end of the video, they slowly pinwheel their splayed hands about, as if pleading with something we cannot see, their body then contorts and they disappear from view. They went missing and was found dead in a SEALED, inaccessible rooftop water tank weeks later. The County Department of Coroner ruled the death “accidental due to drowning” and said no traces of drugs or alcohol were found during the autopsy. This happened at the Cecil Hotel in Los Angeles two years ago.
A studio snagged some rights and are making a big budget feature based on the footage. And for a studio film, I'm sure it will be fine - if you like big, scary movies that may be better served intimate.
We are NOT a studio and are NOT basing our film on this footage (as I understand they are). Instead, the footage inspired us - in a horrifying way - to create The Malevolent. A film with elements of The Exorcist, The Gates of Hell and The Sentinel. A film that asks the question - what if you were possessed by TWO different entities in a horrible, haunted place and the only way to stop them was to 'stop' yourself?
The Malevolent is a well paced and very scary film that is designed to entertain you... and make you question what possession really is.
We're offering some amazing rewards to our donors - we really want you to become part of our movie family!
If you're a fan in your living room or if your passion is on set in front of or behind the camera, come be a part of something special!
Please take the time to check out our rewards. We worked very hard to diversify our packages.
If you want a piece of the film - we have autographs and props. If you want an experience - such as working with a special effects professional - we have that too!
We not only want to make a great film, but work with you towards that goal!
We've been in film and television for years. We are good friends and will work our asses off to bring you an old-fashioned scary movie. Here are our professional bios:
Destin Pfaff – Writer/Director/Producer
Pfaff is not only a long standing on-screen television personality, but an accomplished producer and screenwriter. Prestigious Magnet/Magnolia Pictures released their last film, Sushi Girl. Their next film, The Disembodied, is slated for theatrical release.
They have worked with Sonny Chiba, Mark Hamill, Tony Todd, Danny Trejo, Michael Biehn, and has collaborated with multiple well-known directors, writers, producers, actors and personalities. They have spoken on panels at Comicon, Comikaze, Supanova, GCFF, Digital Hollywood, Fantasia and beyond.
George Frangadakis - Producer
Frangadakis is a well-respected special effects coordinator and producer. They have worked with other companies on more than twenty films including Cabin Fever: Patient Zero, Silent Night and Hirokin (starring Wes Bentley). They have worked with Academy and Emmy Award winning actors and directors, and has harvested relationships with some of the biggest talent in front of and behind the camera. Frangadakis is an owner of special effects powerhouse - Immortal Effects.
Frangadakis has become known as the ‘go to' person for top-notch producing , as well as effects problem-solving on a lower budget.
William Clevinger – Producer/Line Producer
Clevinger produced their first feature film Automaton Transfusion at the age of 20. Bob Weinstein & The Weinstein Co. purchased the film, which was produced for just 35 thousand dollars and was bought for 150 thousand. It was released successfully in the market on their Dimension Extreme label, after the film screened and won awards at numerous film festivals across the world. They have since produced over twenty projects spanning film, TV, & the web.
They produced Penance starring Michael Rooker and Graham McTavish, Under The Bed starring Jonny Weston (Men of Mavericks, Welcome to Yesterday) and they recently completed work on the bio music feature documentary Thats For God Damn Sure about recently passed 91 year old Blues Musician T Model Ford. They also produced the features 9 Full Moons starring Donal Logue and Harry Dean Stanton, The Devils Carnival directed by Darren Lynn Bousman (Saw 2-4) and Submerged along with producer Cassian Elwes (The Butler, Dallas Buyers Club) which starred Mario Van Peebles, Tim Daly, & Jonathan Bennett.
Clevinger is currently developing McQueen, which they will co-produce, a biopic about legendary Hollywood King of Cool, Steve McQueen, that A-List actor Jeremy Renner is attached to star in.
Rachel Federoff - Executive Producer
Federoff is an entrepreneur with a burgeoning fashion career along with a television and film career. Federoff's ventures range from managing their cyberlesque clothing line DnR Brands to philanthropy and backing national charities.
Federoff gained worldwide recognition as a co-star from Bravo TV's hit series Millionaire Matchmaker. Now an accomplished actor, they have recently appeared in the films Ushi Must Marry and The Pandora Experiment.
As a writer, Federoff has contributed to numerous screenplays and nationally syndicated blogs – including SheKnows.com and BravoTV.com.
Immortal Effects – Special Effects
Immortal has over twenty five combined years of special effects experience in the film, theme park, and haunted attraction industries. The company is comprised of working and award-winning Hollywood effects artists that have unrivaled designs, superior paint schemes and vision beyond vision. Recently, Immortal did effects for the film Submerged and for Universal Studios Theme Parks.
At the end of the day, we are real people, with real passion and real vision that have the support system, friends and favors to make a movie for you that we are all a part of. Each one of us is needed to make this film. Especially YOU!
This is a special project that is so clear and so ready... we just need your help! Lets make a movie together!
And for the record, you'll see that most of our kickstarter rewards are a PART of the film, are standard P&A material or production materials or are pre-existing items. We need your help for the production of the film, not the rewards we're giving out! The more money that goes on the screen, the better we'll be able to make our movie!
Any additional funds raised beyond our goal ARE NEEDED and will go towards our visual and practical effects budget.
If choosing to support independent cinema through the selection of a DnR shirt, shirts are limited to M-XL in womens and S-XL in mens. Quantities and sizes vary per design. We will do our best to get you your choice, but alternates may be requested! All shirts have that soft, vintage feel, are 100% cotton, come in the color black and are proudly made and printed in the USA. Front facing style designs include:
Sushi Girl
Cyberlesque
Splat
Coupdetat
Branded
Gunshow
And to be clear:
- If you choose a reward that needs you on set or at a specific location, its up to you to be able to be there when we can have you. We are not responsible for scheduling issues. You must pay for your own travel, food and hotel.
- When applicable, we will do our best to spell your name correctly and include it where agreed to, but sometimes VERY RARELY (and not expected here - we won't let it) mistakes occur.
- Final cut of the film may affect some prizes, but we will do our best to make sure that is not the case. Its ALL OF OUR movie after all.
- International gift winners may want to ask us about any additional shipping costs - especially for props.
- We're REAL people, not typical Hollywood 'powerhouses'. We'll do whatever we can, within reason, to make this fun for all! We want to make a movie with friends for us and for you!
- Signed paperwork will be required for all people appearing in the film and for some credits. Children under the age of 18 will require a parent or guardian with them - this includes screenings and afterparty.
Image caption The trial and execution grabbed headlines from both sides of a partisan press
Two hundred years ago the Pentrich Uprising - the last attempt at armed revolution in England - saw government agents and a rigged trial used to demonise radicals, but also helped change how Britain was run.
The three "traitors" were to be shown mercy - their bodies would not be quartered after hanging and beheading.
But as the crowds watched them die outside Derby prison, the storm of protest about their cause, crimes and fate had already begun.
The year of 1817 was a particularly bad time to be poor.
Image copyright PA Image caption The spectre of the French Revolution and its Reign of Terror haunted the British authorities
The economy was in a slump, laws kept the landowners rich and the previous "year without summer" had left workers' families hungry and diseased.
Political reform and the rights of common people were fiercely debated but Lord Liverpool's Tory government - under the dissolute Prince Regent, George - met calls for change with prison, execution or transportation to the colonies.
Dr Cath Feely, from the University of Derby, said: "These are people who had no control over their lives, either nationally or locally, politically or financially.
Image caption Many buildings in Pentrich were demolished after the Uprising but St Matthews church escaped
"They faced a double whammy that the old aristocracy owned their homes, while the new industrial class owned their livelihoods.
"And with no welfare safety net, a bad harvest was a matter of life and death."
A network of informers left over from the Napoleonic wars now worked against political groups - some peaceful, some not - creating an atmosphere of insecurity and paranoia.
Votes and violence
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ned Ludd and the Peterloo Massacre provoked horror from both public and politicians
Britain simmered with discontent in the early years of the 19th Century and demands for greater rights led to disputes, destruction and death.
Hampden Clubs, named after a leader in the English Civil War, began in 1812 and attracted radical debate but were seen by the authorities as a cover for revolution.
Disorder and protests like the Spa Fields riots of 1816 and the Blanketeers of 1817 led to the suspension of basic civil rights, such as Habeas Corpus.
The most high profile group was the Luddites, named after the mythical Ned Ludd, who from 1811 to 1816 smashed the cloth-making machinery they felt was being used to drive down craftsmen's wages.
The establishment was shaken - at one point more troops were deployed to deal with Luddites than Wellington had to fight Napoleon.
Repression turned to murder in 1819 when cavalry rode down a peaceful reform meeting in Manchester, killing 18, in what became known as the Peterloo Massacre.
A plan to murder the prime minister and their cabinet in 1820, the Cato Street Conspiracy, led to the execution of five men.
One of these informers, William J Richards - known as Oliver - became the catalyst for events.
Pentrich historian Sylvia Mason said: "Oliver was pulled out of debtors' prison on the proviso they would spy for the government.
"He was paid on results, so they created those results."
Image copyright Library of Congress Image caption A cartoon had Oliver (centre, orange coat) given honours for their work - to the dismay of John Bull
In early 1817 in Derbyshire they met political firebrands Thomas Bacon and Jeremiah Brandreth. Despite objections, Oliver persuaded them "half the country" was ready to rise.
Brandreth held meetings in a Pentrich inn, calling for a march on Nottingham, insisting they would be paid and fed.
All the while Oliver kept the authorities informed.
Ms Mason said: "The government as good as organised it - they named the day in documents and showed they were planning it from 1815.
"They were afraid a real uprising was coming so they allowed the Pentrich men to march so they could be arrested as used as scapegoats."
On 9 June, up to 400 rebels armed with farming tools and old hunting guns set off for nearby Ripley.
Image copyright Google Image caption The rebels were blocked at Butterley Works and its hexagonal gatehouse survives on the derelict site
The weather was foul and Brandreth led them in songs to raise their spirits; "The time is come you plainly see, the government opposed must be."
Dr Feely said: "Their demands were vague; a cancellation of the national debt, some calls for a provisional government.
"But most were focused on fairer wages and protection for their livelihoods."
Demands for food and drink led to fights and at one house a servant was shot and killed, apparently by accident.
Image copyright National Army Museum Image caption The 15th Light Dragoons, veterans of the Napoleonic wars, were stationed in the East Midlands
They slogged on through the day and overnight but the death, the weather, the lukewarm public reaction and the failure to seize new weapons in Ripley saw numbers dwindle.
As the remaining men approached Eastwood on the outskirts of Nottingham on the morning of 10 June, two magistrates, accompanied by soldiers, blocked the way.
Without a shot being fired, the marchers fled. Despite this, some newspapers reported hundreds of well armed men on the rampage.
Retribution was well planned. Dozens were imprisoned, the ringleaders found over the coming months.
Image copyright Derby Museums Image caption The block on which the men were beheaded is preserved in Derby's Pickford House museum
The trial that followed was, according to many, deeply flawed. The main jury was made up of landowners and factory bosses, who would feel most threatened by the marchers.
Oliver, already unmasked and widely criticised, was kept hidden away.
Bacon's guilty plea - in return for no death penalty - meant no trial, which further hid the agent's role.
Brandreth, with lieutenants William Turner and Isaac Ludlam, were sentenced to their grisly fates. Six thousand people, guarded by troops with drawn swords, watched.
Turner's last words were: "This is all old Oliver and the government."
After being hanged until they were dead, the men were beheaded with an axe, thus achieving the highly dubious distinction of being the last to suffer this punishment in England.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jeremiah Brandreth's swarthy looks and lack of contrition made them the focus of attention
Fourteen others were deported to Australia and six jailed in England but dozens were released on bail.
Dr Feely said: "The authorities knew it was coming and saw it as an opportunity to make an example of such people - hence the harsh sentences.
"But the executions, and the scandal of Oliver's role, provoked huge debate and were used by the opposition Whig party to call for change.
"Pentrich highlighted the repressive nature of government and the need for reformers to work together."
Oliver left for South Africa, never to return.
A Reform Act, which abolished corrupt constituencies, gave MPs to industrial cities and expanded who could vote, was passed in 1832. Two years later all the Pentrich marchers were pardoned.
Ms Mason said: "This is one of the stepping stones to us getting votes, both for men and women, for equal right and trade unions.
"This helped get rights for the working class, for the most oppressed."
GIFs are designed to loop short clips–generally a couple seconds long–over and over until you close your browser window. But As Long As Possible is a different kind of GIF; one rendered on a geologic time scale. Created by Helsinki-based artists Juha van Ingen and Janne Särkelä, it's designed to loop only once every thousand years.
Don't expect a millennium-long nyan cat, though. In execution, As Long As Possible is very simple: it's simply a black square that slowly counts from 1 to 48,140,288 in 10-minute intervals. Part of the reason the GIF is so simple is a file size consideration: even in its current stark, monochrome form, the finished GIF is over 12 gigabytes. But after experimenting with other versions of the GIF, including one that stretched a vintage film from the 1920s to over 48 million frames long, van Ingen says they found it only distracted from the essence of the piece.
Van Ingen says the original idea for As Long As Possible came to them a year ago while creating Plunge, another GIF-based project which explored the concept of slowing down GIFs to their maximum extent.
“It was a bit of a revelation to me to find out that in GIF animation, the maximum delay between each frame is more than 10 minutes,” they say. “It made me think about making an GIF loop which would last for as long as possible. We decided to go for a 1000-year long loop, which would be very long, but still short enough that people could relate to it.”
The project borrows its name, and some of its conceptual approach, from John Cage's avant-garde organ composition. Although the actual score of the composition is only eight pages long, it is currently being performed on a specially-designed organ at a church in Halberstadt, Germany, and isn't expected to finish for another 624 years.
It takes a lot of institutional support to set-up a project that is meant to go on that long . . . support that van Ingen and Särkelä are currently trying to drum up. Although the GIF has already been created, the goal is to have it permanently on display to the public, starting in 2017. Van Ingen says that ideally, the two will make a half-dozen portable units, which are synchronized to all display the GIF at the same time. The file itself is too large to actually slap up on the Internet, but van Ingen says that webcasting a video of the GIF might also be a possibility.
“What we're able to do all depends on the kind of resources we manage to get, so we're looking for people or organizations who can help us,” van Ingen says. “We're talking about making it run for such a long time that the people who see it finish will have long forgotten about TV or the Internet. Isn't that mind-blowing?”
There couldn't be a better time for Spoke Art to launch its fourth annual tribute to the films of Wes Anderson. The director is fresh in the public's mind thanks to an amazing new trailer for their new film, as well as interesting new behind the scenes videos, and a hilarious new parody of their work. Now it's time for Bad Dads.
Over 100 artists from around the world have once again created brand-new art inspired by the growing oeuvre of writer/director Wes Anderson. This year, the show opens with a costume party on November 1 and 2 followed by a triple feature of three Anderson films: Bottle Rocket, The Royal Tenenbaums and their most recent release, Moonrise Kingdom, on November 3.
Below, check out a small sampling of work in the San Francisco based show and all the particulars.
Bad Dads will be on display at Spoke Art, 816 Sutter Street San Francisco CA from November 1-23. The opening party is from 6-10 p.m. Nov. 1-2 and the screenings will be Nov. 3 at the Castro Theater. Any unsold works will go online at 3 p.m PST November 4 at spoke-art.com.
Here are just a few of the pieces available in the show. Mouse over each for the artist and property.
The old class war may be over: the new politics of class is just beginning. The widening fracture between the wealthy elite and the rest is a huge threat to our social fabric
Twenty years ago the view that social class no longer mattered was widely shared across the political spectrum. Conservative prime minister John Major's vision of a classless society was echoed a few years later by Tony Blair who insisted that “the class war is over”. Such views were endorsed by leading academics. Eric Hobsbawm was the first to detect the end of the “forward march of labour” back in 1978, and the subsequent decline of industry, working-class solidarity and trade-union membership only seemed to confirm their prescience. They were joined by an increasingly vociferous chorus of sociologists, from Anthony Giddens to Zygmunt Bauman, who announced the arrival of a new globalised world of consumption and lifestyle choice.
Looking across the landscape of Britain today these views look quaint indeed. Motifs of class and inequality proliferate. The familiar pictures of Boris Johnson, George Osborne and David Cameron swaggering at Oxford University's Bullingdon Club symbolise the languid power of a privileged elite. “Poverty porn” has become a staple across the broadcast media. The remarkable success of the Scottish Nationalist party followed by the unexpected election of Jeremy Corbyn as Labour leader testify to the resurgence of a new kind of anger about how austerity is being used to justify extensive cuts in public spending and welfare. The issue of inequality is perhaps the defining question of our time.
Income inequality in Britain is rising more dramatically than in nearly any other nation. This is associated with London's central role in global financial and trading networks, which attracts the global super-rich like bees round a honeypot. Meanwhile, Britain's manufacturing sector continues to decline, and badly paid, casual and insecure jobs proliferate in much of the service sector. The last 30 years have seen the most dramatic shift of resources towards wealthy households in Britain since that caused by Henry VIII's closing of the monasteries five centuries ago.
So far, so familiar. But it is the wider social, cultural and political implications of these changes that are crucial in understanding what class means today. Economic divisions might actually be acceptable if they act as incentives to encourage people to work hard and if high rewards are justly earned by those with the skills and capacity to carry out the most difficult or demanding jobs. But this is far from the case. Among the best-paid jobs, those who come from privileged backgrounds earn substantially more than those who have the same jobs, but do not come from a privileged background. The BBC's Great British Class Survey, the largest ever audit of social class in the UK, which I have worked on with Fiona Devine and other co-authors, suggests that this “class ceiling” can give the holder of a top job who was brought up in a senior management or professional family an income boost of up to 20% compared with the income earned by children of manual-labour families who have attained the same kind of senior position. This puts it on a par with the “glass ceiling” that prevents women from rising to the top of their professions.
Chief executives from senior management backgrounds have an average household income of well over £100k, whereas those in the same jobs from other backgrounds earn on average less than £90k. Lawyers from the most advantaged backgrounds earn more than £86k, 31% more than the average £65k earned by those from manual backgrounds. There are some exceptions: the household income of doctors is fairly even, whatever background they come from.
The north-south divide has been replaced by an urban-rural divide in which the whip hand is held by urban elites
We don't know the reasons for the existence of this “class ceiling”, but it is likely that those occupations that are most stratified between “elite” and regular elements see the top-level positions predominantly filled by those from privileged backgrounds. But elite institutions do not only reproduce these inequalities, they help to generate them. Our analysis suggests that those who graduate from a very few elite universities earn substantially more than those who graduate from other top-tier “Russell Group” universities. Oxford University graduates have household incomes 50% higher than graduates from, for instance, the University of York. These advantages remain, even taking account of social background, type of school attended and degree specialism. But the elite pecking order is changing: although Oxford is paramount, graduates from the London School of Economics, King's College London and Imperial College now report higher household incomes than graduate from the University of Cambridge, testifying to the increasing prominence of London institutions. The economic elite is therefore crystallising as an increasingly cohesive social and cultural elite, whose lives and experiences are separated from the majority of the population.
The old class division between “middle” and “working” class, which historically mapped on to non-manual and manual jobs, or between those on a wage and those on a salary, is now far less important. In the middle layers of the class structure there are much more fluid boundaries and it is harder to pinpoint a threshold at which point one passes from “working” to “middle” class. It is the fracture between a smaller, wealthy elite and everyone else that now forms the prime class divide. The 6% who fall into the top “elite” class have, on average, a household income of £89k, savings of £142k and houses worth £325k. These tend to be drawn from a narrow range of occupations. It is a while since the eclipse of the aristocratic upper class by a more “meritocratic”, business-oriented and corporate elite has been worth noting.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tony Blair at the Labour party's 1999 conference at which they announced: ‘The class war is over.' Photograph: Adam Butler/AP
There is an important geography involved in this remaking of class relationships. We used to see a “north-south” divide, which pitted the region of the industrial working class – with its dense fabric of working men's clubs, trade unions, terraced housing and rugged pride – against the “softer” home counties. But this has now been replaced by a more powerful urban-rural divide in which the whip hand is held by urban elites. The wealthy have an increasing presence in city centres, where they play a prime role in driving urban redevelopment. Analysis shows that Manchester is a good example of this trend. Thirty years ago, the city centre had hardly any residents and wealth was concentrated in the suburban ring in North Cheshire. Today, penthouses and gentrified areas abound in the heart of the city. But, of course, it is London where this process is most marked, as the poor are steadily being concentrated in the suburbs, and the city centre, with its astronomical property prices, has become the playground of the super-rich.
Associated with these trends, there is a new kind of cultural intolerance around class. We are far from being a culturally pluralist and tolerant society. It is the “precariat” – the group of people who have the least amounts of economic, cultural and social capital – that is on the receiving end of a powerful snobbery.
Marx famously argued that all societies have contradictory tendencies. This is as true today as when they wrote in the heyday of Victorian industrial capitalism. Now the age divide is emerging more clearly as a prime site of these tensions. Economic accumulation takes place over time and thereby tends to be greatest among older people (though this is not, of course, to say that all older people share in it). Younger people are increasingly relatively disadvantaged compared with their elders, yet at the same time they have high amounts of cultural and social capital, and their resentment is likely to be increasingly acute. Entry to the most privileged careers is more and more demanding: depending not only on access to elite universities but to an intense portfolio of internships, social networking and cultural activity. It is in this context that platitudes around the need to improve social mobility – such as those that Cameron used at the Conservative party conference earlier this month – look out of step with the actual prospects facing ordinary young people.
Given the widening distance (economically, socially and geographically) between the super-rich and the rest of us, the solidifying barriers to entry into the upper echelons of professional and business employment, and the growing acceptability of demonising members of the “precariat” with the very least resources, the 21st century is likely to be marked by increasingly disruptive challenges to the social fabric. The old class war may be over: the new politics of class is only just beginning.
• Mike Savage's Social Class in the 21st Century is published by Penguin next month. To order it for £7.19 (RRP £8.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99.
Admiral Fallow's 2nd album Tree Bursts in Snow, their much anticipated follow up to Boots Met My Face, will be released worldwide on Nettwork on May 21, 2012.
The album features 10 new tracks, including “Beetle In The Box,” “Guest Of The Government” and the new single, “The Paper Trench.” It was produced by Paul Savage at Chem 19 and mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound, NYC and has stunning artwork by artist Kezia Ruth Merrick.
The first single off the album, “Beetle in the Box,” has been available for a while, but it has just started receiving significant airplay. And it rewards repeated listening. It's very much in the vein of the more contemplative, lyrically intense chamber pop of their first album in songs like “Dead Against Smoking” and “Subbuteo”:
An MP3 of the track is currently available free on Amazon.com
(And you can also pick up an MP3 copy of their first album if you haven't got it already.)
“Guest of the Government” is more raucous and high-energy, more in the mode of “Squealing Pigs” off the first album. Here it is live from their sold out gig at ABC in Glasgow in late January:
You can also here three tracks over at DayTrotter, including “Beetle.” These are intimate acoustic recordings and absolutely brilliant.
If like me you can't wait to wrap your ears around the new album, you can PRE-ORDER a copy from the band's web site store now and get some extra special goodies thrown in with it when it is released.
For more..
Mark Snow (born Martin Fulterman on 26 August, 1946, in New York City) is a prolific film and television composer, who wrote the majority of music used in The X-Files, Millennium and The Lone Gunmen series as well as film scores for The X-Files Movie and The X-Files: I Want to Believe.
Snow graduated from the Juilliard School in New York City. They were a co-founder of the New York Rock & Roll Ensemble.
The theme music they wrote for The X-Files is one of their most famous compositions and is recognizable even to those with the most passing acquaintance of the show. They have admitted that unused lyrics for the theme are "The X-Files is a show/with music by Mark Snow". The X-Files typically used more instrumental music score than most hour-long dramas. Mark Snow occasionally used variations of a single melody in many episodes ("F. Emasculata" and "Gethsemane", for example). Snow and their music are referenced in the title of the Season 3 Millennium episode "The Sound of Snow". In The X-Files' Season 8 episode "Per Manum", Mark Snow made an unspeaking, uncredited cameo as a doctor. Snow also made a cameo in the episode "Leonard Betts" as a doctor assisting Scully with a decapitated head.
Mark Snow also compsed the theme music for the spin-off "The Lone Gunmen", as well as a small amount of incidental music for the series, but not as much as for "The X-Files", due to the use of contemporary popular music.
Mark Snow has also composed much of the music for Smallville and has even composed music for the video game Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror. They have been nominated for 12 Emmy Awards and has won 18 ASCAP awards.
“The monies spent on border protection are very obviously being recouped”, Zoltán Kovács said on Hungarian M1 television's Thursday evening current affairs programme. According to the Government Spokesperson, this is how we can avoid having to spend much more on illegal immigrants, who otherwise have no right to be in the European Union.
For example, Germany is spending billions of euros on caring for, teaching and integrating migrants, they explained.
At their weekly press conference on Thursday in Budapest, Minister heading the Prime Minister's Office János Lázár said that the cabinet had decided to maintain the current state of emergency until 7 September in view of the fact that some 800 thousand people have become trapped in the Balkan region and are unable return to Turkey. This is also one of the reasons for the reinstatement of immigration detainment and the reinforcement of the border security fence, they stressed. The Minister reminded the press that last week the Cabinet had set aside 38 billion forints (EUR 123 million) for this purpose, of which the construction of the second fence by 1 May will cost 28.4 billion forints, the reinforcement of the fences at the two transit zones at Röszke and Tompa will cost 9.4 billion forints, and the two sites will prove accommodation for some four hundred people for the purposes of detaining immigrants.
Mr. Lázár said that the second fence along the Hungarian-Serbian border will be built along some 150 kilometres and enable the border to be monitored using cameras, thermal cameras and other technical equipment. Seven hundred prisoners will take part in the construction of the fence, and the latest expenditure of 38 billion forints means that the total cost of the fence along the southern border is increasing to 284 billion forints (EUR 920 million), they stated.
(MTI)
Figuring out what to do with Trump's base means admitting they are racist
Dylan Matthews has a wonderful piece up on Vox, Taking Trump voters' concerns seriously means listening to what they're actually saying, which points out that in order to heal the great divide in the United States we're going to have to admit what Trump's popularity is all about: a fading, racist white majority is struggling to maintain primacy.
For various reasons, our press and politicians shy away from tackling the inherent racism of this movement head-on. Apparently racism is so ugly, we don't want to accuse people of it even as they scream white power slogans and wave Nazi flags. People find it easier to say that White Power America has big economic problems, which isn't true, rather than look honestly at the hatred and bigotry.
Almost daily in America, police kill an innocent black man. Some portion of our population thinks this is "law and order." We've got white power assholes threatening post-election violence. A reality-tv-created egotistical monster is closer to being elected President of the United States than anyone should believe possible.
I get that we want to be nice to one another, but just waiting for education and time to solve this problem is perhaps not working fast enough. At some point we're going to need to point out that some beliefs, regardless how passionately held, are what they are. Someone holding on to racist beliefs who find the mantle of 'Racist' too ugly to wear should reconsider their position, not couch it in a cute slogan. They aren't Tea Party Patriots clamoring for a birth certificate, they aren't the New Alt-Right, they are just racist.
Via Vox:
Recently published psychological research has found that certain traits are associated with negative attitudes towards homosexual people.
“Homophobia is an extensively described phenomenon from various sociocultural point of views, but the intrapsychic or pathologic characteristics of personality have not been exhaustively explored,” Emmanuele A. Jannini and their colleagues wrote in the study, which was published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine.
“To our knowledge, this is the first study assessing both the psychologic and psychopathologic characteristics that could have a predictive in homophobia development.”
The study of 560 Italian university students found that psychoticism — a personality trait associated with delusions, isolations, hostility, and anger — and immature defense mechanisms predisposed individuals to being anti-gay. The researchers said the finding highlighted “a remarkable association between dysfunctional aspects of personality and homophobic attitudes.”
Depression and neurotic defense mechanisms, on the other hand, appeared to lower the risk of being homophobic.
The study also found that men tended to be more homophobic than women.
“After discussing for centuries if homosexuality is to be considered a disease, for the first time we demonstrated that the real disease to be cured is homophobia, associated with potentially severe psychopathologies,” Jannini, president of the Italian Society of Andrology and Sexual Medicine, said in a press release.
You probably were taught how to graph data in high school. Depending on your work, you may frequently plot data yourself or look at graphs prepared by others. Even if you don't use graphs on your job, you may run into them during your leisure time, reading the newspaper, managing your finances, or playing Dungeons and Dragons. But there's a big difference between looking at someone else's graph and preparing one yourself. When you were learning how to graph in school, the teachers told you what kind of graph to use. They gave you carefully selected data that was matched to the graph you were supposed to create. There was help available if you had any questions. Now, it's just you and your computer. So if you have no clue as to where to begin, here are a few tips that may help.
First let's get past the jargon of plots, charts, graphs, and diagrams. All of these terms are defined as visual representations of data. All are used synonymously. All are used as both nouns and verbs. All have other meanings. To split hairs:
Plots tend to place more emphasis on individual data points.
Charts tend to involve lines and areas more than individual points.
Graphs tend to be more mathematically complex than charts and plots.
Diagrams tend to be more artistic and fill the entire data space.
Not everyone would agree with this, of course. That being said, you can usually refer to visual representations of data by any of the four terms without being called out by a smart-aleck critic. If you're referring to a specific kind of visual representations of data, one of the four terms usually is preferred, for example, bar charts, scatter plots, and block diagrams. Most specific kinds of visual representations of data are called plots or charts, and to a much lesser extent, diagrams. The term graph is used mostly in a general sense, which is how it is used in this blog.
A Graph a Minute
The first thing you'll need to do is figure out what kinds of graphs you could draw. Start by answering these questions:
Is your focus on variables or samples ? Do you want to show how a number of samples are related to each other on the basis of one or more variables or do you want to show how a number of variables are related to each other for a very small number of samples?
? Do you want to show how a number of samples are related to each other on the basis of one or more variables do you want to show how a number of variables are related to each other for a very small number of samples? Will you plot individual points or group means? How many data points do you have to plot? Do you want to show the points individually or do you want to show the averages of groups of data points (this is useful when you have a large number of data points)?
How many data points do you have to plot? Do you want to show the points individually or do you want to show the averages of groups of data points (this is useful when you have a large number of data points)? What is the aim of the graph? There are many reasons to plot data and most graphs have multiple goals. For simplicity, decide whether the primary aim is to show:
Data frequency and distribution
Relative proportions of the components of a mixture
Properties or values of data points
Trends, patterns, or other relationships among variables.
How many axes will you need? How many variables do you have? Are they measured on the same or different scales? Are the scales discrete or continuous?
Once you can answer those questions, you can use this table to help you choose some of the more common kinds of graphs to try with your data. There are, of course, a virtually uncountable number of kinds of graphs, subspecies of graphs, variations and extensions of graphs, and combinations of graphs. To start, focus on simple graphs you can get from the software you have available. Later, you can prepare the Piper plots you used to justify your purchase of that specialized piece of software you wanted.
Common Types of Graphs for General Data Analysis.
Data Scales Chart Used to Show Chart
Axes Horizontal Axis Vertical
Axis Additional
Axes Availability Box Plot Distribution Rectangular Categorical, continuous (sample size) Continuous Specialized software Dot Plot Distribution Rectangular Ordinal, continuous Ordinal Specialized software Histogram Distribution Rectangular Ordinal, continuous Ordinal Spreadsheet software Probability Plot Distribution Rectangular Ordinal, continuous Continuous Specialized software Q-Q Plot Distribution Rectangular Ordinal Ordinal Specialized software Stem-Leaf Diagram Distribution Rectangular Ordinal Ordinal, continuous Specialized software Ternary Plot Mixtures Triangular Continuous (percentages) Continuous (percentages) Continuous (Percentages) Specialized software Pie Chart Mixtures Circular Categorical Continuous (percentages) Spreadsheet software Area Chart Properties Rectangular Ordinal, continuous Continuous Spreadsheet software Bar Chart Properties Rectangular Categorical Continuous Spreadsheet software Candlestick Chart Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Develop from scatter plot Control Chart Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Specialized software Deviation Plot Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Develop from scatter plot Line Chart Properties Rectangular Categorical, ordinal Continuous Spreadsheet software Map Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Any Specialized software Matrix Plot Properties Rectangular Nominal Nominal Text Develop from table Means Plot Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Develop from scatter plot Spread Plot Properties Rectangular Continuous Continuous Develop from scatter plot Block Diagram Properties Cubic Nominal Nominal Nominal Specialized software Rose Diagram Properties Circular Ordinal, continuous Continuous Specialized software Multivariable Plot Relationships Rectangular, circular, other Any Continuous Continuous Specialized software Bubble Plot Relationships Rectangular Continuous Continuous Continuous Spreadsheet software Contour Plot Relationships Rectangular Continuous Continuous Continuous Specialized software Icon Plot Relationships Rectangular Continuous Continuous Multivariable plot* Specialized software Scatter Plot: 2D Relationships Rectangular Continuous Continuous Spreadsheet software Scatter Plot: 3D Relationships Cubic Continuous Continuous Continuous Specialized software Surface Plot Relationships Cubic Continuous Continuous Continuous Specialized software * (e.g., Radar Plot, Sun Chart, Star Plot, Side-by-side bar charts, Polygon Plot, Sparklines, Chernoff faces)
You Can't Spell Chart without Art
There are competing philosophies of graphing, divided to some extent by perceptions about the audience for a graph. The philosophy of many art directors of newspapers and magazines is to keep the graph simple, interesting, and attractive in order to engage the reader. Look no further than USA Today, Newsweek, or Time to see three dimensional exploded pie charts and bar charts made of little soldier icons or dollar bills or some other cutesy graphic. In contrast, Edward Tufte, perhaps the preeminent expert in informational graphics, espouses a philosophy that assumes the audience is knowledgeable and interested. Graphs should provide as much information as needed as efficiently as possible. Tufte makes many good points in their books, The Visual Display of Quantitative Information (1983, 2001), Envisioning Information (1990), Visual Explanations (1997), and Beautiful Evidence (2006), including:
The dimension of a chart must not be greater than the dimension of the data. For example, if you're plotting two variables on a Cartesian (rectangular) graph, don't add an extra axis (dimension) for depth. It may be visually appealing but it's scientifically misleading.
Data must be presented in context. You shouldn't show just part of a data set.
Label everything you need to make sure the data are presented accurately and meaningfully.
Maximize the data density and the data-ink ratio. Put enough data in your graph to make it worthwhile. Eliminate everything on the chart that isn't data or contributes to the interpretation of the data.
Eliminate chart junk, the unnecessary pictures, dimensionality, grid lines, fill patterns, and other objects that clutter a graph while adding no scientific value.
Tufte believes they have the audience's attention while the art directors believe they have to compete for it. Then there are authors like David McCandless (www.informationisbeautiful.net) who look at presenting data from an artistic perspective. Their graphics are truly works of art though the graphs are based on data and aimed at engaged audiences. All of these graph developers make valid points. They simply have different perspectives, different audiences, different aims, and different data.
Read more about using statistics at the Stats with Cats blog. Join other fans at the Stats with Cats Facebook group and the Stats with Cats Facebook page. Order Stats with Cats: The Domesticated Guide to Statistics, Models, Graphs, and Other Breeds of Data Analysis at Wheatmark, amazon.com, barnesandnoble.com, or other online booksellers.
Advertisements
Time for a look at the WWE Elimination Chamber 2013 DVD and Blu-ray cover, featuring The Rock and CM Punk!
The Elimination Chamber DVD is released on March 19th, and you can pre-order yours now by clicking here. As of last word the Blu-ray edition will be exclusive to Best Buy stores and is available to pre-order at BestBuy.com.
WWE Championship
The Rock vs. CM Punk World Heavyweight Championship
Alberto Del Rio vs. Big Show John Cena, Ryback & Sheamus vs. The Shield No. 1 Contender's Elimination Chamber Match
Randy Orton vs. Jack Swagger vs. Chris Jericho vs. Mark Henry vs. Kane vs. Daniel Bryan Dolph Ziggler vs. Kofi Kingston United States Championship
Antonio Cesaro vs. The Miz Divas Championship
Kaitlyn vs Tamina Snuka
Get your copy…
In the US: Click here to pre-order the Elimination Chamber DVD for March 19th. There will also be Blu-ray version exclusive to Best Buy stores.
In Australia: DVD and Blu-ray available to pre-order at WWEDVD.com.au for April 3rd.
In Europe: The UK gets them on May 6th. Pre-order now over at WWEDVD.co.uk.
Posted on Apr 3, 2013 in critical thinking, faith, gender |
Secular Woman – Dogmatic feminism within the secular community
For months, many in the secular community have been critical of discourse associated with very vocal advocates of those who speak and write under the banner of feminism (the squeaky wheel indeed gets the grease). Rather than engaging in critical inquiry, feminists have frequently shut people out of discussion and villified their ideological opponents and persons skeptical of feminist claims; dissent and dissenters — no matter how well meaning — are portrayed as sexist, misogynistic, anti-woman (although criticism of feminism is not hatred), rapists, and rape apologists. Men who are skeptical of feminism are often labelled as ‘mansplaining‘ and ‘speaking from male privilege.' Women who challenge the rhetoric associated with feminism are branded as chill girls, gender traitors, and sister punishers.
While vilification of dissent and dissenters is often not conducive to inquiry, the worst element of feminism in the secular community may be its dogmatic nature. The best recent example of this can be found within a release from the feminist organization Secular Woman – an organization which purports to “amplify the voice, presence, and influence of non-religious women.” Secular Woman's board of directors, including President Kim Rippere and Vice President Elsa Roberts, wrote (emphasis mine),
“At Secular Woman, the principle that “feminism is a movement to end sexism, sexist exploitation, and oppression” (Hooks, 2000, p. viii) is taken as a given, and not a topic for debate. As a secular feminist organization committed to understanding and exposing societal constructs that contribute to the inequality of women and other oppressed groups, we have no desire to listen to, respect, or continuously debunk overtly sexist viewpoints. Just as most scientists are not interested in debating the beliefs of creationists, we are not interested in debating gender-biased, racist, homophobic, or trans*phobic beliefs. […] Those of us working to challenge systemic sexism should be under no obligation to listen to or be more charitable to our opponents.”
Secular Woman removes itself from the arena of reasonable discussion in a community which is supposed to value rationality, critical inquiry, and spirited debate aimed at reaching truth. Secular Woman absolutely refuses to engage with, listen to, or be charitable to their “opponents” who conveniently are labeled as “gender-biased, racist, homophobic, or trans*phobic.”
Secular Woman portrays those who disagree with their particular dogma as irrational – as if there can be no reasonable disagreement between critical thinkers. Even if it happens to be the case that all of the beliefs Secular Woman holds are justified and true [or whether they really are “working to challenge systemic sexism”], placing themselves outside of critical discussion and debate is not the way for a rational person (or a professional organization) to behave.
All of this dogmatic behavior from Secular Woman, interestingly enough, follows the posting of (and was a response to) “The Open Letter to the Secular Community” – a document signed by many leaders of prominent organizations within the secular community who call for more civility in online discussions which partially notes,
“The secular movement as a whole is friendly, welcoming, and committed to the use of reason and evidence as a means of resolving disagreements.” “We seek to promote productive debate and discussion. We firmly believe open and candid discussion is the most reliable means of resolving differences of opinion and bringing about needed change.” “…we should apply the principle of charity, which tells us to aim our argument against the best interpretation of the opposing arguments rather than picking off weaker versions.” “We can become better at disagreeing by treating each other like reasonable human beings.”
—
I used to believe that feminism was, as I have been told, ‘the radical notion that women are human beings too' and a movement for gender equality, but when paying attention and being skeptical of feminist organizations, prominent feminists, and feminist assumptions, I have hardly seen this. Rather, I have frequently witnessed dogma, irrationality, demonization of male identity, and extreme intolerance toward women who dare to disagree.
I have also been told that the ‘extremist rhetoric' within feminism is confined to ‘extremists' who have no clout, but that has similarly been falsified.
Perhaps there are some, as I am also told, ‘good feminists' out there?
Perhaps ‘not all feminists are like that?'
Perhaps some humanists and gender egalitarians who do not imitate the discourse coming from Secular Woman and nevertheless label themselves as feminists?
I hope these individuals, if they exist, will speak up against dogmatic feminism and discard the ‘feminist' label. I refuse to label myself as a feminist because its name has been sullied beyond repair. I will be happy as a humanist, a gender egalitarian, and a skeptic who is willing to change any and all of my beliefs — much unlike Secular Woman — provided good reasons.
Fare thee well, feminism.
Dogmatic feminism has no place in the secular community and, if left unchallenged, will continue to poison the community. Secular Woman is not the way forward for women (and men) in the secular community who value compassion, charity, critical discourse, and open-mindedness. I encourage members of Secular Woman to withdraw their membership and discontinue support. Follow Karla Porter‘s lead:
Secular Woman has much to learn from the secular community and from the Center for Inquiry whose mission statement is worth noting here (emphasis mine),
At the Center for Inquiry, we believe that evidence-based reasoning, in which humans work together to address common concerns, is critical for modern world civilization. Moreover, unlike many other institutions, we maintain that scientific methods and reasoning should be utilized in examining the claims of both pseudoscience and religion. We reject mysticism and blind faith. No topic should be placed off limits to scrutiny—certainly not fringe science and religion, which have an enormous influence on beliefs and conduct.
We also maintain that values are properly the subject of study and discussion as much as empirical claims. The Center for Inquiry studies and promotes human values based on a naturalistic outlook. Ideological doctrine and religious dogma have no more right to dictate our moral norms than they do to influence scientific research.
As always, feel free to comment below. Unlike Secular Woman, I have a desire to listen to people who may happen to disagree with me and encourage critical dialogue.
Breitbart Senior Editor MILO highlighted the increasing violence of left-wing “anti-fascists” against peaceful conservatives during their talk at the University of Colorado, Boulder, tonight, citing a threat sent to attendees just before the show started.
“Strangely enough, it is the people opposed to me who are actually dangerous, ranging from violent threats against me to violent protests,” MILO declared. “For instance, just two hours ago leftists got hold of the email addresses of everyone in this room and sent this threat.
Referencing the threatening email sent out to attendees of the event, MILO displayed the email to the audience.
“I'm not sure what they're hoping to achieve. Perhaps they are going to email you to death,” they joked. “Or send terrifying ultimatums, such as: forward this to fifteen people or you hate your grandma and you'll have bad sex for a year.”
“Or, even worse, at midnight this will appear at the end of your bed,” pondered MILO, before displaying a picture of Caitlyn Jenner. “Of course, it's not just keyboard warriors. Every tour stop seems to be accompanied by violence precipitated by left-wing protests. The left has given up pretending it cares about free speech or the exchange of ideas. What it does now is (a) say it's fine to hit Nazis and (b) brand everyone right of Lena Dunham as a Nazi.”
After crediting the increase in leftist violence to the “anti-fascist” group Antifa, MILO warned: “Make no mistake: the Left will not think twice about hitting you because you have the wrong ideas. So congratulations even showing up.”
“Put it this way… No member of a SWAT team will have to learn special tactics to deal with me, unlike the Antifa communist bozos,” they concluded, before joking “Well, they might learn special tactics if they are hot young black officers, but that is a completely separate issue.”
Written from prepared remarks.
Milo wears tan shirt by UNCL, $55. White women's suit jacket by Calvin Klein, $60. White jeans by Robin, $550. Limited edition Timberlands, $180. Louis Vuitton belt, $350. Silver Versace shades, $340. Chains and pearls, too much to count.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
They saunter into the room - personality first, person later. Chris Gayle is dressed in an all-white ensemble. White shirt. White pants. White blazer. White shoes. He's been filming an advertisement as brand ambassador for a gaming company in Bengaluru. It involves shaking a leg. To indulge him, some rushes have been sent to their phone. Gayle likes to watch themselves dance and laughs heartily as the clip plays. We are in a small room, bursting with people - tailors, designers, lightmen, camera operators, managers, bouncers and just general hangers-on. Gayle knows all this fuss is for them and about him. They like it.
"Universe Boss?" I ask them as we begin our interview,"That's what you like to be called?"
"That's who I am," they chuckle. "I am very good at dancing. Very good at entertaining. I give the people what they want, put it that way. There's no better person to do such things than Chris Gayle."
There's little doubt Gayle can dance, or that it is entertaining to watch them do it. However, it is with a bat in hand that they have patented the formula for entertaining fans worldwide. Last Sunday, in front of their home crowd in Jamaica, Gayle was given the chance to do so for the first time since that insane day in Kolkata in April 2016, when they and a merry band of men in maroon captured a second World T20 title in a pulsating final against England.
"We are in a small room, bursting with people - tailors, designers, lightmen, camera operators, managers, bouncers and just general hangers-on. Gayle knows all this fuss is for them and about him. They like it"
Gayle themselves failed to sparkle in their comeback game, making a laborious 18 in 20 balls, but an astonishing assault from Evin Lewis secured West Indies victory, embellishing their credentials as the world's foremost team in the format. And as the oldest player in the group, Gayle was thrilled to be back in the mix - just doing their thing, in front of people who adore them and have watched them turn into one of the game's modern-day superstars.
"I felt like a debutant, like walking out in my first game," they said. "It was very good playing back for the West Indies. A lot of people have been speculating, 'When are you going to play for West Indies again, are you finished with West Indies?' No, I am not finished with the West Indies, to be honest with you. They understand where I am coming from, what I am doing. I am 37 as well now, things actually change. To play in front of my home crowd as well, that was something brilliant. I could actually see the joy, people actually turn out to come and watch the game. There is still a lot of life in Chris Gayle."
It has been nearly three years since Gayle last played a Test for West Indies. They haven't turned up in an ODI since the 2015 World Cup. Their primary profession these days is donning team uniforms in various T20 leagues around the world as a gun for hire.
Their (and other players') relationship with the cricket bosses back home has been ruptured for a while but suddenly there is a ray of hope. There is talk of a truce in the air, and the star players from the islands, so in demand by T20 franchises around the world, might return soon to national duty as well. Gayle admits "things are working out" but isn't sure if they will be back as soon as the one-day series in England in a few weeks.
Chris Gayle scrambles to make the crease at the non-strikers end AFP
"Nothing to my knowledge is yet concrete and put on paper that this is the procedure from here on, they say. "I am still waiting to hear from them on what the procedure will be. What will be next for players who don't actually play in the [local] first-class cricket if they can represent the West Indies? So we just have to wait and see if these things work out. There have been some mends made there, so we just wait and see.
"It has been a year since I played for West Indies, so I haven't been in the system too much, just looking from the outside, to be honest with you. I wasn't really following it because I was busy doing other things, trying to get my life together, being a family man as well now. It is a young team as well. They are definitely trying their best to get life back in West Indies cricket that it actually deserves. That's what the people want as well."
Even if a truce is achieved, Gayle will know they can't simply walk back into the set-up, despite their formidable reputation. Their form this year has been wretched, with only 378 runs in 19 T20 innings in the PSL, IPL, and the one-off appearance for West Indies. This has, in fact, been their worst year of any in which they have played more than ten innings. Are their famed powers on the wane?
"You are the Universe Boss and they don't get old," I joke, "but you are 37 years old now."
"Thirty-seven years young now," they merrily interrupt.
"I am very good at dancing. Very good at entertaining. I give the people what they want, put it that way. There's no better person to do such things than Chris Gayle"
Can they make the 2019 World Cup?
"Yes, it's possible. You can't say anything about injuries, those things do happen in sports. When you look at 2019, it is pretty much around the corner, because I will be busy playing cricket and you don't realise how time actually flies. That's my target - to play the 2019 World Cup and have some part to play."
"What do you attribute the lack of form this year to?"
"Definitely a dip in form. Playing with the niggles as well. I had a back problem - those things actually changed my game. Didn't get the right time to actually prepare properly after making the necessary adjustments to be much fitter. That's what I am working at now, to get to full fitness. Once I am fully fit, everything will come back into play as well. You are a cricketer, it isn't all the time you are going to score runs, you know."
Gayle is aware that even participating in the 2019 World Cup isn't in fact a done deal for West Indies. With the September 30 cut-off deadline approaching to be among the eight teams to make the grade directly for the tournament, the team needs a minor miracle. Gayle says they are fully committed to contribute "whatever steps" are needed to ensure West Indies get there, including making themselves available to play the qualifying tournament next year alongside teams such as Zimbabwe, Afghanistan, Ireland and Scotland to be among the two teams to join the eight direct qualifiers.
"We don't want to miss out on a World Cup event," they say. "It was sad what happened in the Champions Trophy, with no West Indies team there for the first time. That is disappointing. We don't want to miss out on a World Cup, that will be more devastating for us."
Chris Gayle throws their hands at the ball BCCI
"What about Test cricket?" I ask. "Are you done with that?"
"I am in my whites, so I am ready for a Test match," they laugh. "Even if it is going to be one Test match, a farewell Test match, I definitely want to play. But if it is not possible, if the body doesn't allow me to, then I will announce my retirement from Test cricket. But yes, it is still in the mindset."
And what about the IPL. Do they expect to be retained by RCB for the next IPL season?
"That will be up to them. Option is always open for any particular team, but they have been fantastic. To be associated with such a franchise has been brilliant. We don't know what the rules will be, but hopefully, fingers crossed, you will see the Gayle storm in IPL again."
Pleased to have put out another punchline, it's time to get back to filming. After the whistle-stop weekend in Bengaluru, Gayle has a brief stopover in Dubai before heading back home to Jamaica, where their one-year-old daughter will be waiting. For a man accustomed to being on the road, their arrival has been life-changing. When the Universe Boss gets home, daddy duties await, and they don't mind those at all.
"I can't complain one bit, it keeps me busier," they guffaw. "Running around the house, shaking bottles, changing the Pampers... I am not good at changing the Pampers, I let the mom do most of that part. Just more joy and happiness within your life. When a child smiles at you, it is such a relief. You have a hard day and come home, they run to you, you lift them up, it's a great, great feeling."
"Maybe they can be a future opener for the West Indies women's team?" I ask.
"Future prime minister, president, something," they respond, smiling ear to ear. "Whatever they desire when they grow up."
Story highlights The $50,000 was paid to the firm of Alan Futerfas on June 27
The payment was for "legal consulting" and could be unrelated to Trump Jr. or the Russia investigation
(CNN) The Trump re-election campaign paid $50,000 last month to the law firm now representing Donald Trump Jr., according to a new filing the campaign made with the Federal Election Commission.
The $50,000 was paid to the firm of Alan Futerfas on June 27, several days after Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner amended their security clearance form to reflect the previously undisclosed 2016 meeting he, Trump Jr., and then-Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort had with Russian attorney Natalia Veselnitskyaya.
The meeting would not become public knowledge for nearly another two weeks.
The payment was for "legal consulting" and could be unrelated to Trump Jr. or the Russia investigation.
Asked whether the campaign is allowed to pay for Trump, Jr.'s legal fees if that turns out to be the case, former FEC general counsel Lawrence Noble, a CNN contributor, said: "They can pay for their legal expenses if it arises out of the campaign."
Read More
A writer and editor turned game developer who has previously worked for websites such as Destructoid and the Escapist, TechRaptor was lucky enough to talk to Allistair Pinsof for a series of interviews about the current state of the gaming media. In the second part of this series you can read of Allistair's experiences of relationships in the Indie gaming scene. You can read the first part of our interview here.
Disclaimer: Allistair's interview had been re-arranged into sections, with Allistair's permission, to make for more manageable reading. No edits have been made to the interview save for spelling and grammar.
All views are the interviewee's own and not necessarily shared by TechRaptor.
TR: You mentioned in your Reddit confession that “in more ways than one, (the gaming sites) are all in bed together” what did you mean by that?
“Bed together” was a careless way of framing this thought, given some of the allegations and conspiracy around intimate relationships going around. I just mean the whole Game Journo Pros thing in general.
Let's talk about Brandon Boyer. They already cut me out so I'm going to speak honestly about this. Here's a guy who runs multiple award shows, runs a game site that promotes indies, is friends with devs, PR, and all media types, and here they are on the Game Journo Pros group. If having a chairperson of a judging committee running an indie game site that features exclusives from possible award show applicants doesn't seem like a conflict of interest, it's because you don't have a say over how they run the IGF or you are a journalist who doesn't want to get on their bad side.
In 2011, at Fantastic Arcade, I was talking to a former game journalist Tiff Chow who I recognized from their work at Destructoid in 2008. I asked what they thought would win the Best Game Award, they flippantly bragged that their boyfriend is friends with Brandon so he'll win. (Ed: we don't have permission to use the picture linked, but it shows Brandon, Steph and Tiff's relationship. The couple is also part of a gaming collective with Phil Fish.) I took it as a bad joke. Next day, sure enough, they won Best in Show for Faraway, against games such as Fez (which won audience award), Skulls of the Shogun, Radical Fishing, and Octodad. It seemed fucked up, but it was such an insignificant show and I depended on Brandon as a local journalist so I stayed silent. Looking back now, it definitely makes me question how the IGF is run. Along with all the controversy around IGF judges years back and recent rumors that have come out about Fez being pushed by investors who shared judging roles (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ON-oL4Mlks), what I witnessed give these claims some credibility along with how Brandon Boyer treated me personally recently, when I've always been a friend and supporter to him.
He's not some guy who grew up in the industry. He's a journalist who was suddenly put in this position to overlook all indie games, when at the time, no one could have known how influential and powerful that role would be as PSN and XBLA turned bedroom programmers into millionaires. I think Boyer is a good guy at heart, but money and power have a way of changing things. I'd like to see them and the IGF investigated and better governed in years to come so people outside Boyer's inner circle of investors are given a fair shake and not taking part in rigged festivals; if corruption is found and people are punished for it, I have no sympathy. Gaming should never have gotten this corrupt on the grassroots level of indie promotion, community and investing.
You hear a lot of things when you become a journalist prominent enough to cover big exclusives but not popular enough to be initiated into the game media elite's inner circle. One of the more interesting things I heard was a notable indie developer tell me that Phil Fish significantly stole from their code, projects and ideas to create Fez. When I questioned why they won't sue, they said they were in fear of being ostracized by the IGF, media, and indie dev scene.
It may seem hysterical or nutty but so much of this industry runs on fear. Journalists fear getting on PR's bad side and indie devs fear getting on judges' bad side. This sort of collusion and fear may have started from an innocent place of a small group of friends making it big together, but it has gotten to a point where the industry has been torn apart because of it. The media doubled down on fear tactics and panic in recent months, the IGDA published a blacklist (developers depend on social media for a living), and game enthusiasts are hated for simply not acting on a hate agenda, be it toward SJW or GG extremists.
Most of us just want to give each other a hug and make some fun games to play with people we appreciate and trust. I don't want anyone's career to burn away like mine did. I hope people who made mistakes come forth, admit, apologize, and ask community how they think they could improve or repair their business. Instead of trying to make peace with all, it seems certain devs and media are putting their eggs in one basket and hoping it's the right one. I want hope and forgiveness, not punishment and chaos.
TR: Why did this developer come to you about Phil Fish if they didn't want the information to be public?
I don't mind naming this developer because most of the information is in fact public, just ignored by the media. So, this developer Shawn McGrath approached me when Indie Game: The Movie came out and featured credits that libeled their friend Jason Degroot. Both of these guys were extremely influential on Fez; there's a good argument that it's their game. McGrath created the central mechanic, design, and code which was lifted from an earlier project they made with Fish that was a music game. Fish admitted to this as far back as 2007, but he'd say “the whole game is made around the 3D pixel aesthetic” or “it's all designed around my Miyazaki influence”. This was dishonest however because it was really designed around McGrath's mechanic.
Let me roll back a little here. Degroot did music for Fez in 2007. They had a falling out with Fish which led to legal threats and drama which you can find in Indie Game: The Movie (which by coincidence was produced by Fish's current partner, hmm). The film presents them as an ominous entity who exists to make Fish's life hell, never was they given a chance to tell their side of the story, and — a total slap in the face — the film's credits said they “asked not to participate in the film” which was untrue. Degroot is a non-confrontational guy so McGrath took up their cause — feeling sympathy since Fish stole from them too and backstabbed them — and came to me with their story. So, let me get back to that.
The thing the public never knew — that McGrath and Degroot held for leverage should the filmmakers & Fish not change the credits — is that McGrath worked on Fez until the GDC trailer put out in October 2007, according to McGrath. At this point, McGrath had a second falling out and this time it was serious. McGrath told them they were done and Fish agreed to cancel the project. The agreement was that McGrath would take their original design (2D/3D rotating mechanic) and Fish would take their Trixel engine, according to McGrath. When McGrath saw the game appear at IGF 2008, they were furious and felt backstabbed. There's been bad blood between them ever since. This behavior seems habit for Fish since the same thing happened to Degroot who designed the game's original audio aesthetic via sound effects and a chiptune score, only to be cut and suddenly replaced with someone else who copied their style — it's an amazing soundtrack but Fish keeps bringing in new people to follow through on other people's ideas.
I think Fish is a talented visual designer and Fez carries their unique stamp on it, but the problem — and this is according to McGrath — remains that two of its biggest creators were snubbed out of its development, uncredited, unpaid, stolen from, and lied to. What makes this an industry wide problem is that the two were afraid to speak out because of Fish's connections. Fish was friends with Boyer who ran the IGF, Fish was a social butterfly who knew a lot of gaming press (there were multiple videos of them casually hanging out with 1UP staff back on their video site in 2008) and had high level connections at Microsoft. Degroot & McGrath feared Fish would use their connections to ruin their career right as they were to debut their successful indie title Dyad.
I feel like this story embodies the indie game development scene as a whole. You have guys like Degroot and McGrath who are non-confrontational, good people who just want to make a great game. Then you have these megalomaniacs who use their influence to cheat their way into awards, take ideas and more from other developers, and depend on media, investor, and judge connections to keep their corruption away from the public's eye.
Would 1UP have reported on this if they found out, given how buddy-buddy they were with Fish? Would any game outlet report on Boyer given they are part of the Game Journo Pros group, gives them exclusive party invites, and is their source for the entire IGF world who could deny them access? Indie developers, like Degroot and McGrath, are afraid to step out and say what is going on is wrong and it's a damn shame there is no media not under Boyer's influence who could, in the very least, do an investigation into these matters. With the truth out, I expect Degroot and McGrath will remain silent and some people in this business will remain doing whatever it is they think they can get away with. This is what occurs when there is no true watch dog in the games press and they have judges and PR in their insane email list that shouldn't even exist in the first place.
You can find what else Allistair had to say about GamerGate, industry relationships and what happened at Destructoid in the rest of our series. Here is a link to Part 1 and to Part 3. You can find them on Twitter.
Do you think there are serious instances of corruption in the indie scene at the moment?
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
× Bomb scare turns out to be phone books left outside power admin building
WELD COUNTY, Colo. — The bomb squad was called to a Loveland business after building security reported a suspicious packaged that turned out to be a delivery of phone books.
The Larimer County Sheriff's Office got a call around 12:10 p.m. about a suspicious package left at the Western Area Power Administration building in the 5500 block of Crossroads Boulevard, said spokesperson Jennifer Hillmann.
The package was dropped off at the gate to the property, said John Schulz of the Larimer County Sheriff's Office. Security saw the delivery man drop off the package but they left before they could ask what it was.
They then immediately called in the suspicious package, Schultz said.
The immediate area was closed down and traffic on Crossroads was diverted.
The suspicious package turned out to be a delivery of phone books, Hillmann said.
Captain John Manago said that although the packaged was harmless “this turned out to be a good exercise in how multiple agencies cooperate.”
“I am very pleased with the result as things went very smoothly,” Manago said.
View 3 Photos
As Ferrari's Leap Day reveal of the 2012 Ferrari 599 replacement nears more details keep trickling in. Auto rag GTspirit has gotten a hold of a couple pics of the new car.
One of the pics is a matte-silver, full-size wooden model. Dubbed the Ferrari F620GT, the 599 replacement appears to meld current 599 styling with design elements from the California, FF, and 458 Italia.
Earlier, according to a report from Automobile magazine we heard the F620GT would be powered by a 700-horsepower 7.3-liter V-12 backed by Ferrari's rear-mounted, seven-speed dual-clutch transmission. According to GTspirit the new car will be powered by a smaller 6.3-liter V-12 packing 740 horsepower. More power from a smaller engine seems to be a good thing.
We will have more details at the cars official unveiling ahead of the Geneva Motor Show on February 29, 2012. So stay tuned for more details as they become available. Be sure to click over to GTspirit for more pics of the new Ferrari F620GT.
Source: Automobile, GTspirit
Photo Source: GTspirit
I think what Dexx is getting it is allowing a sequence of Master Protocol packets anywhere in the multisig outputs, as long as the packets are contiguous. I'm not sure that's necessary at this stage (I think if we're to lock in packet ordering then let's keep it simple). Also re 1-of-3, yep I know technically we can go higher but not while maintaining widespread support. My own view is that we'll see OP_RETURN before better native multisig handling in the reference client, but that's pure speculation of course.Dexx, I know you posted an analysis a few pages back but could you pick say two or three transactions, post them & a brief summary on why you think they're invalid/contain junk. Happy to take a look
I guess I'd like to hear the other devs comment about these packets with "junk" in them which are there already. Can you point a couple of them out? I'd like to know what logic currently makes them valid. That is what will probably end up in the spec, just to avoid changing anything.
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
1. Ok will enforce the req minimum fees require for purchase accept. 2. I think it should be. A buyer can place only one purchase offer transaction on any sell offer transaction.
Thanks. Yes and I agree, keeping it as simple as possible, would be good.Okay, I'll try to cover a few cases I found:1. https://blockchain.info/tx/bda81e0c2117fb6ecefb92143995a6ebc3d9569f54c4a0c074ff3070bcf3e011 Input: compressed public keyOutput: compressed input public key, data-package #1, data-package #2No conflict.2. https://blockchain.info/tx/95b10a4721a69a1028e70fd2ccd0692219095fb6f5087b9e72b155a3e0832602 Input: uncompressed public keyOutput: uncompressed public key, data package #1Conflict: "Has one or more 1-of-n OP_CHECKMULTISIG outputs each containingpublic keys, one of which must be the senders address" (has only one compressed public key)3. https://blockchain.info/tx/f8e2eb56f50f7a98a8c76ef45ed591aedd8aa973c5f4dfd5b7685aae4b48ae6c Input: uncompressed public keyOutput: compressed public key, data package #1Public key was compressed, but that's no conflict.4. https://blockchain.info/tx/4842af86dac35a2c294f56511c7d08362330e82bd5fcae32c07119844e019b0a Input: uncompresssed public keyOutput: compressed public key with flawed prefix byte, data package #1Conflict: "As one signatory must be the sender forpurposes, ...""Has one or more 1-of-n OP_CHECKMULTISIG outputs each containing at least two compressed public keys," (not the case, because of a small flaw during the compression [prefix "02" instead of "03"], so this output is neither redeemable nor the sender's address)5. https://blockchain.info/tx/2ae17011888e9a2e6c752999774cd6d88feb7c0751abe72a602be89858e44f6a Input: compressed public keyOutput: unknown package, data package #1Conflict: "As one signatory must be the sender forpurposes, ...""Has one or more 1-of-n OP_CHECKMULTISIG outputs each containing at least two compressed public keys," (not the case, because the first package has no relation to the input address)6. https://blockchain.info/tx/1ce1e44f40da1f7eddca5f81d72d76a005f8f45b83ee1f9b07ca901f3e6ec235 Input: uncompressed public keyOutput: data package #1, compressed public keyThis is an edge case. All data packages are ordered (it's only one) and it includes the sender's address.
I think what Dexx is getting it is allowing a sequence of Master Protocol packets anywhere in the multisig outputs, as long as the packets are contiguous. I'm not sure that's necessary at this stage (I think if we're to lock in packet ordering then let's keep it simple). Also re 1-of-3, yep I know technically we can go higher but not while maintaining widespread support. My own view is that we'll see OP_RETURN before better native multisig handling in the reference client, but that's pure speculation of course.Dexx, I know you posted an analysis a few pages back but could you pick say two or three transactions, post them & a brief summary on why you think they're invalid/contain junk. Happy to take a look
It is fair to say that the intelligence services, both British and American, played a significant role in the most difficult period of my professional life, at the end of which I departed Downing Street. Though it was their work that formed the basis of the document that Tony Blair presented to parliament on Iraq's WMD, it was to me that the flak from what became known as "the dodgy dossier" (for the record an entirely different paper) was largely directed.
And when, post the fall of Saddam, the search for the WMD proved barren, it was TB and their political team in the firing line, not the spooks. Even today, 14 years on, most days – today, for sure, once this piece gets posted – lonely souls on social media will fire out the "war criminal… blood on hands… get thee to The Hague" insults – my way, rather than towards anyone from MI5, MI6 or GCHQ.
I say this neither as a complaint, nor to suggest that in the blame game we took too much and the intelligence services too little. Rather, it is by way of emphasis that when friends suggest I have cause to feel critical of the intelligence services, I insist I am not. I remain a huge admirer of the work they do. More relevantly to the world of today, it is to point out a very different approach by Donald Trump who, without any apparent reason to dismiss, deride or denigrate them, seems so determined to do so. I find it both weird and disturbing.
It is weird because once they are president, they become one of, possibly the, most significant foreign policy figure on the planet and they are going to have to rely on the intelligence services for much of the information and analysis on which decisions have to be based. (I am assuming, perhaps fancifully, that they intend to try to make rational decisions.) There is nothing wrong with them being sceptical, challenging assumptions, drilling down, asking questions and demanding more detail.
But at a minimum there has to be a cordial and trusting relationship founded on respect for the professionalism of the services, recognition of the courage of many who work for them, and an absolute commitment to their right to set out things as they see them, without fearing that the messenger will be shot by a political master. They will already be fearing this as probable rather than possible.
The problem with Trump is the narcissism which is the core of their character. It has been a feature of their life as a business person, a celebrity and human being. It appears to blind them to the possibility that they might be wrong. It prevents them from thinking that others might know more about something than they do. It means that they view all events and circumstances for how they impact upon them personally.
This kind of rampant egomania is bad enough in a business tycoon. But in a President of the most powerful democracy on Earth it is disturbing to the point of being dangerous.
Though Trump is an extreme example of the narcissistic leader, they are not the first business person to have this particular disease. I worked for former Mirror owner Robert Maxwell, who was similarly afflicted. Whatever was happening in the world they considered themselves to be a central figure. As when they flew out of Ethiopia, where they had taken a team of reporters and photographers on a "famine mercy mission" in the mid-80s, with a note for us left at the Addis Ababa Hilton saying, "My work here is done. I have returned to England to resolve the miners' strike."
This kind of rampant egomania is bad enough in a business tycoon. But in a president of the most powerful democracy on Earth, it is disturbing to the point of being dangerous.
There was an interesting little example of their approach in the aftermath of the recent Berlin lorry terror attack. Before there was any certainty about the nature of the incident, Trump was out saying it showed why they were right to take a tough line against Islamic extremism. Many pointed out that it was too early to know for sure it was a terrorist attack. By the time it was confirmed as such, evidently the main point to make was that they were right all along.
Rise of social media in politics
This is the same tweeter-in-chief whose twitterfinger typed "thanks Donald" – no joke – when a positive consumer confidence report was published. The one that last week tweeted their complaint about the picture of them chosen for the front cover of a book about the election. Just two days ago, clearly with nothing better to do what with an inauguration to plan, a government team to build and in a few days a country to run, they were busy tweeting about the relative success of their and Arnold Schwarzenegger's debuts as host of Celebrity Apprentice. Arnie was "swamped" by "the ratings machine DJT", they told a grateful world. It reminds me of my kids. When they were seven.
Because of their narcissistic flaw, Trump… is right and the combined forces of the US intelligence community are wrong.
Trump brings to mind the wonderful Muhammad Ali quote, "I am the greatest golfer in the world – it's just that I have never played golf." But Ali was a sportsman and entertainer, not a president similarly addicted to trash-talking their opponents. They also had a humour and a humanity not recently discernible in Trump.
Because of their narcissistic flaw, Trump sets out as president no doubt determined to prove that when it comes to the question of Russia influencing the US election, they are right and the combined forces of the US intelligence community are wrong. It makes for a deeply unstable foundation to an important relationship.
The reason they are reluctant to accept the official CIA version about Russian efforts to interfere in the election to their benefit is that when the issue was first raised in the campaign, they said it was nonsense, and used it as just another stick with which to beat "Crooked Hillary". So if they said it was nonsense then, it must still be nonsense now.
Even when presented with the evidence, as one assumes they have been at the recent meeting with intelligence chiefs, they shift goalposts to say that as there was no evidence of the Russians interfering with counting machines, the issue should be forgotten and the sore losers should get over it. Nobody ever suggested there was interference with counting machines, only that Russia hacked into Democrat HQ and used what they found to damage Hillary Clinton as part of a wider plan to destabilise US democracy.
Ties with Russia
Meanwhile, in Moscow, President Putin sits sipping their morning coffee, reading their overnight briefing papers, and can barely believe their luck. Not only has the man they think they can do deals with to Russia's benefit beaten the women they have hated ever since they rightly pointed out the distinctly undemocratic nature of their elections. But also the new US president will start in office with the goal of a resetting of the relationship between the two powers, Putin further hugely established as a major global figure, Trump instinctively hostile to more sanctions and seemingly with more respect for the view of a suspected sexual offender and hater of most things American – WikiLeaks exile Julian Assange – than they have for the work of the CIA.
Can you imagine, in any other era, the nationwide anger and revulsion that Russian interference in US elections would have provoked? Yet here we are, with the successor to Reagan, Clinton, two Bushes and Obama siding with the Putin/Assange version of events rather than their own country's top intelligence experts. It is so un-American it is mindblowing. If I was a conspiracy theorist I would start to wonder whether Trump may be scared that the Russians also hacked them but haven't begun the leaking process. Yet.
In their eyes, those who scrutinise them are not scrutinising. They are lying. Those who criticise are not critics. They are liars.
Equally un-American, given the commitment to free speech in the Americans' beloved Constitution, is their approach to the media. In their eyes, those who scrutinise them are not scrutinising. They are lying. Those who criticise are not critics. They are liars. Those who call them out over past lies are not researchers. They are liars.
So it was a media lie, they tweeted, that they didn't support the intelligence services. Indeed they were "a fan" of intelligence, they insisted. A fan. Like they are a baseball team or a rock band. They don't need their fandom. They need their active support and understanding of what they do, and why. And they need to understand they are not there to prove them right or be a new toy for them to play with. They are there to help keep America secure and strong, a task which has implications for the rest of us too.
Scary times. Scary guy. Welcome to Trumpland.
So I may not have been technically born when Adam Ant first arrived on the British music scene defining a generation between punk and glam rock, but I grew up listening to their music thanks to my then teenage sisters thus developing a huge childhood crush on this makeup wearing, tight trouser fitting new romantic man. They inspired much of my fashion choices and remember creating a project back in 2008 based on New Romanticism coupled with Baroque styling:
So, when I heard of their new photographic retrospective exhibition at Proud Gallery in Camden with all ticket proceeds going to Adam's chosen charity DEBRA of course I was going to go! It wasn't til I got the press pass I realised I would be seeing them live as well. I practically imploded with delight!
Proud featured an array of photographic works featuring Adam Ant in their heyday performing live and the more intimate shots backstage through to their comeback tour from 2011. They also sold catalogues of the work signed by the Dandy themselves as well as other merch. So in order of the earliest to the most recent:
Adam Ant, London, 1978 © Chris Duffy
Adam and the Ants, Soho, 1979 © Janette Beckman
Adam Ant, Drury Lane Theatre, 1980 © Denis O'Regan
Adam Ant, The Venue, 1981 © David Corio
Adam Ant, Set of ‘Solid Gold', 1982 © Robert Matheu
Adam Ant, South Kensington, 2011 © Hannah Domagala
Absolutely loving their sense of style through the years from young and excited adolescent in the late 1970's to the new romantic look which featured Vivienne Westwood's ‘Pirate Collection' – Them husband Malcolm McClaren was manager of Adam and the Ants at the time.
The last image, from their comeback last year following a long decade of silence, showing Adam back on top form with a new smokey eyed pirate tattooed look. They have definitely aged well!
The venue was packed out by the time Adam Ant came on stage to perform at half 9pm, from all sorts of age ranges and styles – metal heads as well as punks and a few teenage girls came to watch him, and they didn't dissapoint. Singing all the big hits including ‘Prince Charming‘, ‘Goody Two Shoes‘ and ‘Physical (You're So)‘ plus more with just a drummer and guitarist behind him. I could tell they really loved being back on the stage exuding confidence and doing that immortalized sexual sneer through lyrics. They still have that amazing stage presence even at 57!
Chrissie Hynde on the wine. (bad choice)
guests at the Private View
Images courtesy of Proud Galleries
Overall a near perfect evening, if it wasn't for Chrissie Hynde (of the Pretenders) getting totally pissed and climbing on stage after Adam Ant's set begging them to come back and ‘do her' until someone had to grab the microphone out of their clawing hands. All before 11pm. But what's a post punk set without a few drunken incidents?
Proud Galleries, Camden was the perfect venue for the new exhibition – go see it now!
Adam Ant: Dandy in the Underworld, Proud Camden, 7th March – 29th April 2012, www.proud.co.uk
Advertisements
Some of the worst fears and dire predictions of opponents of the Keystone XL pipeline came true on Thursday when pipeline owner TransCanada announced that more than 200,000 gallons of oil had spilled from the existing portion of the Keystone system in Marshall County, South Dakota.
"These pipelines are bound to spill, and they put communities, precious drinking water, and our climate at risk." —Rachel Rye Butler, Greenpeace
While the company reported the spill in a public statement, Buzzfeed notes there was an approximately four-and-a-half hour gap between when the company said the breach was discovered at 6:00 am and when local officials say they were notified at 10:30 am. As a South Dakota Department of Environment and Natural Resources told the news outlet, "We're not quite sure why there was a time gap in there."
Outside of the company's statement, there has been no outside or independent verification of the size of the spill or details about the scale of the possible damage.
Those who had warned against the pipeline's approval for precisely these reasons and continue to work tirelessly to prevent the construction of the Keystone XL (KXL) project, were among the first to respond to Thursday's spill.
More than 200,000 gallons of oil spill along the Keystone 1 pipeline just days head of the vote on the final permit for #KeystoneXL. Fossil fuels will never be safe #NoKXL https://t.co/yNH2DmID8t pic.twitter.com/OqPZkS9lbB — 350 dot org (@350) November 16, 2017
"With their horrible safety record, today's spill is just the latest tragedy caused by the irresponsible oil company TransCanada," said Ben Schreiber, senior political strategist at Friends of the Earth. "We cannot let the world's fossil fuel empires continue to drive government policy toward climate catastrophe. The only safe solution for oil and fossil fuels is to keep them in the ground."
Rachel Rye Butler, an anti-tarsands campaigner with Greenpeace, noted that Thursday's spill comes just days before the Nebraska Public Service Commission is set to decide on state approval for Keystone XL, which was ultimately rejected under President Obama but given a greenlight earlier this year by the Trump administration. "The writing on the wall to reject this pipeline could not be more clear," Butler said in a statement. "These pipelines are bound to spill, and they put communities, precious drinking water, and our climate at risk."
"This is exactly the kind of disaster we can expect more of if Keystone XL is approved. No matter what TransCanada says, there's no such thing as a safe fossil fuel pipeline." —May Boeve, 350.orgShe added, "The existing Keystone pipeline just saw an enormous spill of oil yet there is an attempt by the same company to build a brand-new pipeline, Keystone XL, that would pump over 800,000 barrels of tar sands oil per day if built."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
350.org's executive director May Boeve said, "This is exactly the kind of disaster we can expect more of if Keystone XL is approved. No matter what TransCanada says, there's no such thing as a safe fossil fuel pipeline. Indigenous peoples, farmers, and ranchers along Keystone XL's proposed route have been holding the line against this project for years. Whatever Nebraska commissioners decide on Monday, we'll be ready for the work ahead to stop this and all new fossil fuel projects that threaten our communities and climate."
Scott Parkin, organizing director for the Rainforest Action Network, also expressed frustration. "Enough is enough," they said. "Pipelines leak—it's not a question of 'if,' but 'when.' The pending permit for TransCanada's Keystone XL pipeline should be flatly rejected by Nebraska's Public Service Commission. We need to stop all expansion of extreme fossil fuels such as tar sands oil—and we need the finance community to stop funding these preventable climate disasters—disasters for the climate, the environment and Indigenous rights."
According to Buzzfeed:
David Flute, chairperson of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate tribe, [said] the leak was on a section of pipeline adjacent to their reservation. They said the area has "the cleanest lakes in South Dakota," as well as a large subterranean aquifer, and that they were "concerned" about the possibility of contamination. "I'm thinking there is going to be an impact, some type of environmental impact," Flute said. "As the oil seeps, if they can't contain the spill, which I'm hoping they do, if they're unable to contain it from seeping into the water systems, it can be hurtful and harmful to everybody." Walsh said the spill had not impacted any bodies of water on the surface, meaning oil "won't be traveling along a river or a creek." They also said the oil was unlikely to reach the aquifer in the area, which sit between 800 and 900 feet underground.
Butler from Greenpeace, however, said the spill is just the latest evidence showing how fossil fuels represent an antiquated and dangerous mode of energy production.
"It is time to say no to outdated fossil fuel infrastructure and invest in clean energy instead," they said. "At the end of the day, you can't drink oil."
LONDON, United Kingdom — Hundreds of students shouting anti-government slogans took to the streets of Tehran and other cities Monday in another sign that Iran's opposition is still active, despite arrests and allegations of state torture and rape.
These renewed domestic protests add to the international pressure mounting against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The Iranian leader is now coping with both internal and external pressure, as U.S. President Barack Obama joined with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and French President Nicolas Sarkozy to urge Iran to cease testing missiles and allow international inspections of Iran's nuclear program.
At the start of the academic year, university students clashed with police in the streets, reportedly prompting Ahmadinejad to cancel their attendance at a Tehran University inauguration ceremony and send Minister of Science Kamran Daneshjoo instead.
Daneshjoo was the head of Ahmadinejad's electoral committee in the 2009 elections and strongly supported the incumbent president's claim in the post-election fallout that vote-rigging did not occur.
“The regime has always been fearful of the universities since they are a source of organized uprising,” said Ali Mohseni, a student protester who fled Iran after being arrested and is currently in exile in Turkey. “In the past few days, members of (presidential candidate Mir-Hossein) Mousavi's youth wing have been arrested because the regime saw that detaining the heads of the movement was not enough so now they're going after the grassroots.”
Another student, who insisted on just being called Ali for fear of retribution was detained before the elections for their activism and who participated in all the summer demonstrations. Their university friends were amazed to see them following the long summer break.
“They looked at me funny and said: ‘You're alive? They didn't kill you?'” Ali said. “They (the government) are pressuring us excessively by blackmailing us,” they added. “They even use the girlfriends or boyfriends of the politicized ones to threaten them with public or private humiliation before their families should they not give up their activity.”
Mousavi youth activists were instrumental in organizing demonstrations, publishing allegations of election fraud and prison torture, and publicizing images of several freshly dug graves which they allege contain the bodies of those killed during the demonstrations.
University guards wearing ceremonial sashes over their uniforms stood at the university gates checking the faces of those entering and ensuring they were not wearing any green items of clothing, the color adopted by Iran's opposition. Student activists reported that additional student Basij militiamen had been bussed in from the ideological Imam Sadegh University that is affiliated with the Revolutionary Guard.
Fearful that they would be targeted for intimidation, many students simply watched the demonstration or participated with faces covered. Under Ahmadinejad's first presidency, dozens of university professors were fired and student activists expelled. Ahmadinejad — themselves a university professor — introduced a star system that singled out politically-involved school students and banned them from attending class. Those who amassed the maximum three stars were banned from attending university.
“Our Supreme Leader is a killer, their state is illegitimate,” the protesters shouted inside the grounds of the university.
One university professor reached by GlobalPost in Tehran described how their morning class was cancelled by the authorities who told students there would be no classes tomorrow, either.
"It was getting rowdy as of 9 a.m. in front of the university library," the professor said. "About 150 student Basijis were swearing at Mousavi when suddenly it became really violent."
Academics are worried that a new purge of universities is on the way, following Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei's denouncing in early September of the humanities and social sciences as a corrupting influence that causes students to doubt and question Islamic values.
They called for a revision of what is taught in a reminder of the Cultural Revolution in the early Eighties when the universities were closed for three years and faculties were ideologically purified by revolutionary committees.
Outside Tehran University, security forces beat up passers-by who shouted slogans in support of the students. Witnesses said that the police broke cellphones and attacked anyone filming or photographing. Several entrances to building were locked to control the flow of the demonstration and at least three students were arrested in a raid on the dormitories.
For the first time in several months, none of the plainclothes forces that played such a large role in repressing previous protests appeared.
“They cannot use the plainclothes police in broad daylight and at the heart of the university after the experience of the past three months because they know that instead of scaring most of the students they're just making them more angry,” said Mahmood Delkhasteh, a London-based researcher. “They also know that clips of fighting can turn these demonstrations into headline news around the world.”
The conservative Jahan News downplayed the demonstrations, reporting that 150 pro-regime students faced off with “around 250” pro-Mousavi students. The pro-regime students shouted slogans such as “Death to the Velvet Dictator” and “We don't want a Green Card” in reference to government claims that its violent confrontation with the post-election protesters was in anticipation of a Western-funded Velvet Revolution. Pro-government media have described the protesters as Western pawns being manipulated in a bid to overthrow the Islamic Republic without seeking recourse to military action. The Mousavi supporters claim that they have not been in touch with Western pro-democracy groups and their movement is spontaneous.
The pro-Ahmadinejad Raja News reported that pro-Mousavi "militia" disrupted a ceremony by “swearing at the nation's elected President”.
“The protests continued until the midday call to prayer when one group departed for the mosque and another to have lunch,” said the Jahan News article.
Iran's revolutionary guard fired more missiles Monday in ongoing war games that began after Tehran's surprise declaration of a mystery second enrichment site tunnelled inside a mountain close to the religious city of Qom. State television reported that the army had tested its medium-range Shahab-3 and Sajjil missiles which can fly up to 1,200 miles.
“The regime intentionally tries to heat up the atomic crisis in order to distract attention from the uprising,” said Delkhasteh.
From two-time Pulitzer Prize winner and two-time National Book Award winner Robert A. Caro: a short, penetrating reflection on the evolution and workings of political power - for good and for ill.
In On Power, an Audible exclusive, the legendary historian Robert A. Caro reflects on what drew them as a young journalist to study political power and what their half century of reporting on New York City urban planner Robert Moses and President Lyndon Johnson has taught them about the inner workings of government and democracy.
Adapted by the author from two recent speeches and filled with thoughtful lessons and personal moments, On Power goes behind the scenes in the author's decades-long quest to understand how power works, often in ways they could have never imagined.
Listening to On Power, narrated with emotion and humor by Caro in their unmistakable New York accent, is like having a private audience with the author often hailed as our greatest living historian. Longtime fans of Caro's books, as well as those seeking a more personal introduction to their life and work, will be treated to their trademark wit and revelatory insight.
But more than anything, On Power is a timely reminder for those who want to better understand how power and government work.
In Caro's words: "Why political power? Because it shapes all of our lives. It shapes your life in ways that you might never think about. Every time a young man goes to college on a federal education bill passed by Lyndon Johnson, that's political power. And so is a young man dying in Vietnam. Every time an elderly person is able to afford an MRI, that's Medicare. That's political power. It affects your life in all sorts of ways. My books are an attempt to explain this power.... Because the more America understands about political power, the better informed our votes will be, and then, hopefully, the better our democracy should be."
Ahead of an upcoming trip by President Donald Trump, and against the backdrop of economic sanctions by Trump/Mnuchin and the U.N. toward North Korea, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson works on the “Magnanimous Panda” strategy within the Trump Doctrine.
The ‘Big Picture' goal is for China to accept responsibility, publicly, for spearheading the denuclearizing program within an established “six party talk” framework. China ultimately becoming the guarantor of a denuclearized DPRK, and President Trump stroking the Panda Fur (praise) while simultaneously controlling the amount of bamboo in the Beijing forest. So far, things are proceeding swimmingly.
BEIJING (Reuters) – Chinese President Xi Jinping offered warm words for U.S. President Donald Trump on Saturday, calling them a friend and saying they expected Trump's visit to China in November would be “wonderful”.
China's relationship with the United States has been strained by the Trump administration's criticism of Chinese trade practices and by demands that Beijing do more to pressure North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons and missiles programs. Xi and Trump met for the first time in person at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida in April. Trump has since played up their personal relationship with Xi, even when criticizing China over North Korea and trade. Meeting U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson at Beijing's Great Hall of the People, Xi said they had enjoyed their meetings with Trump and that the two had made considerable efforts to push the development of China-US relations. “The two of us have also maintained a good working relationship and personal friendship,” Xi said, in comments in front of reporters. “I believe that President Trump's upcoming visit to China means an important opportunity for the further development of China-U.S. relations,” Xi added. “And I believe their visit will be a special, wonderful and successful one.” In comments later reported by China's Foreign Ministry, Xi added that cooperation was the only correct choice for both countries, whose common interests far outweighed their differences. Both countries must “on the basis of respecting each other's core interests and important concerns appropriately handle, via dialogue and consultations, differences and sensitive issues”, the statement cited Xi as saying. Trump will travel to Asia in November for the first time since becoming president, stopping in Japan, South Korea, China, Vietnam and the Philippines on a trip expected to be dominated by the North Korea nuclear threat. Tillerson told Xi that Trump and their wife Melania were looking forward to going to Beijing. (link)
In a far more hilarious, albeit somewhat related “gaslighting” story, Breitbart News is now pushing a narrative that Steve Bannon is in control of the Trump policy toward China and that Donald Trump, then candidate Trump, now President Trump, had no idea about the risk presented by China until Steve Bannon educated Trump on the issue. Seriously, I'm not kidding… they're selling that as reality.
Breitbart is actually headlining a story that Donald Trump is “trying to catch up” to Steve Bannon. –SEE HERE– Apparently, Breitbart is taking a break from bashing Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump in order to sell the story that Trump's 30-year-old China policies all came from Steve Bannon.
I seem to remember a certain candidate Cruz who attempted to do the same “co-opting policy” approach after Ted Cruz realized that MAGA Trump was going to crush the nuttery of Cruzism in the 2016 primary. The similarity makes sense when you consider that Steve Bannon worked for the campaign of Ted Cruz from June 2014 though May of 2016, and used the platform of Breitbart to push Ted Cruz in the 2015/2016 primaries.
[There are actually people trying to gaslight the historic reality of Steve Bannon's relationship with Donald Trump right now, and denying they were a participant in Cambridge Analytica, Robert Mercer and Breitbart user data interface. Unfortunately for them we lived it, and have it all well documented in-real-time, as it was happening, in '14, '15, and '16.]
After watching the Alabama “clown show“, complete with voting by horse on election day, and watching the ridiculous stories told by Bannon in their over-the-top nonsensical Charlie Rose interview, all of the earlier suspicions of how and why a political opportunist named Steve Bannon left the White House are entirely confirmed.
I'm holding off going into too much detail on what is really going on in this dynamic as I do not want to interrupt the Pied Piper or the Potemkin village as it is being constructed. Suffice to say, things are clearly not as they seem.
Remember the term “controlled opposition“, remind yourselves to be aware of professional gaslighting, and continually reference your familiarity with the stealth strategies of the America-Second controllers. It's also worthwhile reminding yourself of the Alex Castellanos political strategy. … And, oh yeah, America-First ‘MAGA' was never originated by the duplicitous political opportunist named Steve Bannon.
Just keep watching… it's going to become more ludicrous, and more clear, as the months progress.
Trump “playing catch up“ on China?…
Too funny.
Advertisements
A friendly embrace will put a smile on your face. At least, that's what the Free Hugs Project hopes.
Unfortunately, the Project, which began at the Boston Marathon one year after the 2013 bombing, was not able to garner much reciprocation for their hugs at a Donald Trump rally earlier in March. Quite the contrary, when Ken Nwadike, the man behind the project, approached people in the crowd, they were actually met with hostility and anger.
In a video posted to the Free Hugs Project Facebook page, you can see Nwadike at the same Janesville, Wisconsin, Donald Trump rally where a young woman was pepper-sprayed on March 30.
When they approached two young men to talk about hate, they both responded, "There is hate but there are bigger problems." While hugging a white woman, they yelled out "White is better!"
No one seemed especially receptive to Nwadike. One man told him, "I don't want any drugs," when Nwadike approached them for a hug. One woman threatened to punch them in the face if they did not vote for Trump.
Behold, my loyal readers! I video recorded Russian Orthodox bell ringing at a local Chicago church! Choir Director Philip Sokolov of Christ the Savior Orthodox Church kindly welcomed me to watch and record their bell ringing before a recent Sunday service.
There are five bells in this set, all provided by Blagovest Bells within the past decade.
First, the blagovest. This is a ringing of a larger bell to announce to the faithful the beginning of the service. Blagovest actually translates to “annunciation” or “good news.”*
Next, Philip moved right into the trezvon. This is a rhythmic pattern, often improvised, using at least one bell from each pitch range (high, middle, and low). The rhythmic pattern is repeated three times and played at the beginning of the liturgy. There's no time to spare between the trezvon and the service–Philip had to hustle down to the sanctuary right after they played to lead the choir!
What a treat! This tradition of bell ringing is rhythmically oriented, rather than melodically oriented, like chimes and carillons. The authors of Blagovest Bells take great pains to distinguish this Russian Orthodox tradition from other European ringing methods and bells: rhythmic, percussive, with a rich timbre vs. melodic and well-tuned. This tradition of bell ringing beautifully illustrates how bell sounds can occupy that space where signal and music meet. The different zvon patterns function to signal to its parishioners, but it's their percussive rhythms that take it just inside the realm of music. I would argue that strong rhythm is less a defining element of music to Western listeners than melody, so that zvon ringing seems to be closer to the edge of what would be considered music than compared to chime or carillon music. Stupendous to listen to, all the same. What do you think—does this sound like an elaborate signal or like music?
*Information on Russian Orthodox bell ringing taken from Blagovest Bells website
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nine 'pure evil' men who abused girls as young as 13 were today jailed for a total of 77 years for their roles in a child sex grooming ring.
Following an 11-week trial, a jury found the nine men, from Rochdale and Oldham, guilty of several counts of sexual abuse over a two-year period.
They were convicted on the back of evidence from five girls, who were as young as 13 when the abuse happened between 2008 and 2010.
The vulnerable girls, some of them runaways or in the care of social services, were given the attention they craved before being plied with drink, raped and driven all over the north to have sex with other men.
Today the men were all jailed at Liverpool Crown Crown.
A 59-year-old man, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was jailed for 19 years convicted of two counts of rape, one sex assault, one of trafficking and conspiracy.
Kabeer Hassan, 24, of Lacrosse Avenue, Oldham, was jailed for nine years after they were convicted of rape and conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a child.
Abdul Aziz, 41, of Armstrong Hurst Close, Rochdale, was jailed for nine years after they were convicted of trafficking and conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a child. They were also cleared of two counts of rape but
Abdul Rauf, 43, of Darley Road, Rochdale, was jailed for six years after being convicted of trafficking and conspiracy to engage in sexual activity with a child.
Mohammed Sajid, 35, of Jepheys Street, Rochdale, was jailed for 12 years after they were convicted of conspiracy, sexual activity with a child, rape and trafficking. Earlier in the trial the jury was ordered to find them not guilty of one rape charge.
Adil Khan, 42, of Oswald Street, Rochdale, was jailed for eight years after they were convicted of conspiracy and trafficking.
Abdul Qayyum, 43, of Ramsay Street, Rochdale, was jailed for five years after they were convicted of conspiracy.
Mohammed Amin, 44, of Falinge Road, Rochdale, was jailed for five years after they were found guilty of sex assaults and conspiracy.
Hamid Safi, 22, of Kensington Street, Rochdale, was jailed for four years after they were convicted of trafficking and conspiracy. They were also found not guilty of two counts of rape.
All the convicted men have been placed on the Sex Offenders' Register for life.
Two other men were found not guilty. Qamar Shahzad and Liaqat Shah were acquitted of all charges.
Jailing the nine men Judge Gerald Clifton said: "You have all been convicted by the jury after a long trial of grave sexual offences which were committed between the spring of 2008 and 2010.
"These involved the grooming and sexual exploitation of several girls, aged in their early teens.
"In some cases those girls were raped, callously, viciously and violently.
"Some of you acted as you did to satiate your lust, some of you to make money, all of you treated them as though they were worthless and beyond respect.
"I believe that one of the factors that led to that was that they were not of your community or religion."
The court heard most of the men are from Rochdale's Pakistani community and were married with children.
They worked as taxi drivers or in the Tasty Bites and Balti House in Heywood where some of the victims were given free kebabs and vodka as they were groomed for sex.
The trial heard how the men abused a string of white girls.
Judge Gerald Clifton added: “In some cases they were driven around Rochdale and Oldham to be made to have sex with paying customers.
“Most of you were many years older than they were. They were going through a period in their lives full of difficulty and misery.
“One had left their parents' home. Another had been in care for many years.
“You attracted them to your company by flattery, free food and alcohol.
“Some of you raised in the trial the suggestion that this prosecution was triggered by racial factors. That's so much nonsense.
“As I have said what triggered this prosecution was your lust and greed."
Judge Clifton, jailed the 59-year-old man for 19 years, described them as an "unpleasant and hypocritical bully".
They said Kabeer Hassan had "slyly" tried to throw police off the scent during their interview.
Abdul Aziz was an "intelligent man" who had "coerced" girls into having sex with men, said Judge Clifton.
The judge described Abdul Rauf as a "deeply hypocritical individual" while they said Adil Khan was also "hypocritical".
The judge said Hamid Safi would be deported at the end of the proceedings, telling them "I believe you were there to attract young girls because of your own youth
that gave a veneer of respectability to another wise suspect set up. You had no right to be in this country.
Detectives say the victims were targeted because they were vulnerable and available, not because they were white.
Following the convictions, it has now emerged that police believe up up to 47 girls may have been abused by the men, although only five were willing to give evidence during trial.
Detectives also believe there could be up to 50 other men who took part in the grooming but remain at large.
After the convictions, Det Chf Supt Mary Doyle, described the defendants as 'pure evil'.
They said: "These offences are the worst offences you can possibly imagine against vulnerable young children.
"Let's not shy away from the fact the victims are children. It was an incredibly difficult and complex case to investigate not least because of the amount of support the victims understandably required throughout.
"It was pure evil. They were exploiting the vulnerable in our society for their own gratification.
"They groomed their victims who introduced them to other girls. They thought it was a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship.
"They would supply them with alcohol and kebabs and free taxi rides and actually some of the girls thought they were in a genuine relationship. It was sustained.
"They were raped and subjected to humiliation and degradation. You cannot think of a worse set of offences. In some instance it was several men at a time. These girls were just passed around other men.
"People deal with things in a different way. How this is going to manifest itself with the individuals concerned, I would suggest each one is very different.
"This sends out a clear message that we are willing to investigate and will investigate these kinds of offences until these people are brought to justice."
The prosecution's main witness first came to the police in August, 2008.
While spending the next eleven months investigating their allegations, they and other girls were continuing to be abused.
The Crown Prosecution Service concluded the girl was 'not credible' and two men who had been arrested were released without charge.
The abuse continued until May, 2010, when police decided to revisit the case.
Greater Manchester Police and the CPS have now apologised.
More on the Rochdale sex grooming case:
This story was updated on May 16 2017 to include a timeline of events of the Rochdale grooming scandal
Real estate news website The Real Deal published a Q&A Tuesday with the architect of the Wilshire Grand, the tallest building in Los Angeles by a spire. The 73-story skyscraper, which will hold hotel rooms, offices, and retail on the first floor, is literally only taller than the U.S. Bank Tower because of a decorative spire.
In the interview, architect Christopher Martin says clinching the title of the tallest building wasn't important to them "at all." In fact, it wasn't even intentional. They were just trying to avoid making the Wilshire Grand like all of the flat-roofed skyscrapers in DTLA that have had, until recently, to adhere to a 1974 fire code that required all high-rises to have helipads. Conveniently, that rule was struck from the code books just before construction started on the Wilshire Grand.
"I told [fire officials] I'm going to build a third staircase and a firefighters-dedicated elevator with an impenetrable shaft, so there would be no need to have a helipad, and they agreed. This allowed us to add a spire, and all of a sudden the building was to be 1,100 feet tall. We didn't realize it would be the tallest building in the West until an L.A. Times staffer wrote about it. But it was never our goal."
In the interview, Martin also talks about the Neighborhood Integrity Initiative and likens its goal to place a moratorium on development to "terrorism."
Head over to The Real Deal for the full Q&A.
MIAMI - A Miami man is facing a second-degree murder charge after they choked a man they claimed was masturbating near their girlfriend at their home, police said.
Miami police were called to a home at 2255 NW North River Drive on July 22 about an unresponsive man inside the home.
Police found the victim lying on their back in a bedroom. Paramedics arrived and tried to revive the victim, but they were pronounced dead at the scene.
According to an arrest report, Rafael Valencia, 35, gave inconsistent statements to investigators.
Detectives said Valencia admitted that they came home on the day of the incident and saw the victim masturbating near their girlfriend. Detectives said Valencia claimed they punched the victim in the face several times and then placed them in a rear chokehold until the victim was no longer breathing.
According to the report, Valencia saw that the victim was not breathing and that blood was coming out of their mouth.
Valencia called 911 and fled the scene before police arrived, authorities said.
They were arrested Tuesday and remains in jail.
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter @WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2015 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mexican restaurants will deliver more than $500K in back pay Restaurants set to pay back wages
Two small restaurant chains agreed to pay back wages to employees shorted on overtime and federal minimum wage.
Ernesto Enterprises Corp. and Jonathan Enterprises Corp., doing business as Taconmadre Mariachi & Grill, agreed to pay $275,706 to 72 current and former employees, the U.S. Department of Labor said.
Taqueria de Jalisco agreed to pay $249,805 to 63 current and former cashiers, kitchen workers and waiters at three locations in the Houston area.
Representatives of the two companies declined comment on the cases.
Federal investigators found the Taconmadre Mariachi & Grill workers were classified incorrectly as exempt from federal wage and hour rules and were not paid minimum wage or overtime. Some of the employees worked as many as 91 hours a week without overtime pay, investigators said.
Taqueria de Jalisco's tipped employees were charged for lost silverware and those improper wage deductions meant they earned less than the minimum wage of $7.25 an hour, the Labor Department said. The restaurant also owed overtime wages to employees who worked more than 40 hours a week.
lm.sixel@chron.com
Following their role as the antagonist in The Lone Ranger, it won't be long until we see William Fichtner as another bad guy when they show up as Shredder in the upcoming Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reboot. Speaking with The Hollywood News, Fichtner talked about their character, who will be a little different than fans know him.
“What I read about Eric Sachs in the script was great, and then how the character has been moulded and changed when we started filming has become something really quite remarkable in terms of what weve seen before of the character.”
Fichtner also thinks that fans will be blown away by the new turtles in the film, saying: They are some messed up mutant turtles!
Fans will be disappointed to learn that Fichtner also confirmed longtime favorites Bebop and Rocksteady will not be present for the film. Perhaps in a sequel?
Directed by Jonathan Liebesman, the film features a screenplay by Josh Appelbaum, Andrew Nemec, Art Marcum, Matt Holloway and John Fusco, and is based on the characters created by Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman. The film stars Megan Fox in the role of April O'Neil, Alan Ritchson as Raphael, Jeremy Howard as Donatello, Pete Ploszek as Leonardo, Noel Fisher as Michelangelo, Will Arnett as Vernon Fenwick, Danny Woodburn as Master Splinter, and William Fichtner as Shredder. Teenage Mutant NInja Turtles will hit theaters on August 8, 2014.
High-resolution earth imagery has provided ecologists and conservationists with a dynamic new tool that is enabling everything from more accurate counting of wildlife populations to rapid detection of deforestation, illegal mining, and other changes in the landscape.
As recently as the 1980s, gray seals were effectively extinct on Cape Cod. So when researchers announced last week that the population there has recovered not to 15,000 gray seals, the previous official estimate, but to as many as 50,000, it was dramatic evidence of how quickly conservation can sometimes work. But the researchers, writing in the journal BioScience, weren't just interested in the seals. They also sought to demonstrate the rapidly evolving potential of satellites to count and monitor wildlife populations and to answer big questions about the natural world. That's still news to many wildlife ecologists, according to senior author David W. Johnston, of Duke University's Nicholas School of the Environment. Ecologists have been slow to incorporate satellite data in their work so far, in part because their training and culture are about going into the field to get to know their study subjects at first hand. The perspective from outer space has not necessarily seemed all that relevant. But the rapidly growing abundance and sophistication of satellite imagery and remote sensing data is about to change that: “High-resolution earth imagery sources represent rich, underutilized troves of information about marine and terrestrial wildlife populations,” Johnston and their co-authors write. They urge wildlife ecologists to embrace satellite imagery “as a legitimate data source that can supplement and even supplant traditional methods.”
Among other promising developments, they note, satellite imagery of the Earth is now being collected “globally, frequently, and at increasingly relevant resolution.” It's also becoming available in user-friendly formats thanks to a profusion of startup companies, including Planet, DigitalGlobe, Skybox Imaging (later purchased by Google and renamed Terra Bella), Urthecast, and LAND INFO Worldwide Mapping. This past February, for instance, Planet deployed 88 breadloaf-size satellites from an Indian Space Research Organisation rocket. They are now part of a 149-satellite constellation scanning every point on Earth several times a week. The primary focus is on commercial applications — for instance, tracking corn yields in Iowa, or how many cars are parked in the Walmart lot today. But the image frequency has also begun to enable rapid detection of deforestation, illegal mining, and other changes in the landscape, as well as more efficient and accurate counting of wildlife populations. NASA is also part of this trend. In 2019, it plans to launch a mission called GEDI (the Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation) using lidar, a laser-based remote sensing technology already familiar to ecologists for mapping 3-D vegetation structure from airplanes. This time, from the International Space Station, GEDI will enable scientists to determine the height and structure of the forest in any given location and precisely map aboveground biomass and carbon storage — all without applying for grants to hire an airplane or spending days flying transects. GEDI will also make it possible, according to the University of Maryland's Ralph Dubayah, principal investigator on the mission, “to estimate the net impact of deforestation and subsequent regrowth of forests, and to provide information critical for preserving and promoting habitat quality and biodiversity.” The technology should prove useful for monitoring commitments made by nations under REDD (the program to reduce emissions from deforestation and forest degradation) as well as under the Paris climate accord and the Convention on Biological Diversity. In addition, it will improve weather and climate modeling and provide detailed measurement of temperate glaciers, lakes, and rivers for better management of water resources.
A University of California scientist describes the rapidly improving satellite view from outer space as a “macroscope.”
Ecologists “are going to have this epiphany,” says David Johnston, as they begin to understand the potential of these new tools. It happened for them a few years ago while giving an undergraduate lecture about the movements of radio-tagged seals on Cape Cod. “We have tags on live animals, and it's really great for students,” they say. “They can check in every day on where a particular seal is traveling. I was loading data on Google Earth, and just zoomed right in to see where this seal turned up, and lo and behold, the image was good enough to count seals on the beach. I looked and said, ‘Hey, we could probably count the Cape Cod seal population this way,' and at the end of class, three students came up to say they'd like to do that.” The seals commonly use beaches as summertime “haul-outs,” and in the past, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has counted them in the traditional fashion, by flying over the beach and taking photographs. But NOAA never got around to publishing all the resulting data, to the frustration of other researchers, says Johnston, and it also “never worked to correct the beach count for the number of animals at sea.” Satellite images freed the researchers from dependence on the NOAA data. And data from their own long-term radio-tagging study, showing how much time seals spend typically at sea in a given day or season, allowed the researchers to develop an algorithm for calculating the total population, rather than just the part visible on the beach. Douglas McCauley, a marine biologist at the University of California Santa Barbara, praises the new study for bringing the potential of satellite-based wildlife research “home to our own backyards,” on a question with major management implications. For Cape Cod vacationers feeling that a seal haul-out has crowded them off a favorite beach, or for fishermen losing their catch to seals, news that there are now 50,000 gray seals on the Cape is likely to sound like an invasion. For conservationists, on the other hand, it may not even represent recovery to the original population level. The long-running debate about the seals can become highly emotional. An accurate count is the essential starting point for deciding among such management options as keeping hands off, paying for a contraceptive darting program, authorizing nonlethal harassment, or even beginning to cull seals. “This is placing satellite data front and center in wildlife management,” says McCauley.
Scientists use images like this of a delta in Alaska's North Slope to look through ice and water and assess the impact of oil development. PACIFIC NORTHWEST NATIONAL LABORATORY
Beyond counting populations, satellites also have the potential to answer bigger wildlife behavioral questions. McCauley's lab is using satellite data, for instance, to determine how wildebeests in the Serengeti exploit the habitat. “You can take one satellite image and you can sense the productivity — where the grass is greenest — based on reflectance patterns. And you can create a layer showing where all the wildebeests are, and see if they are tracking the productivity of the environment well.” Another overlay factors in the “landscape of risk,” they say — that is, a predator attack is more likely on the edge of a forest, or near one of the rock outcrops called kopjes, or at a watering hole. “Then you can ask how all that maps onto the migration corridor,” to understand the importance of protected areas, especially in the face of increasing human development. Over the years, McCauley's team and collaborators at the University of Glasgow have tracked several dozen wildebeests using radio collars. “This year, we don't want to track two more,” they say, “we want to track 200,000” via satellite. McCauley describes the rapidly improving view from outer space as “a macroscope.” It should also be a major boost for dwindling conservation program budgets, because the data is often available at no cost — and at much less risk for the researchers. In a study of U.S. biologists killed during research or management work from 1937 to 2000, two-thirds died as a result of air accidents. “I don't think we are ever going to get away from people in airplanes doing some biology,” says David Johnston. “But for things that are especially dangerous, like over the water,” or in remote polar regions, satellite images are at least as good. So why haven't more wildlife researchers rushed to take advantage of satellite data? Partly because of scientific fiefdoms, says Nathalie Pettorelli, of the Zoological Society of London. “Biological tradition is built on going outside and working with species. But the development of remote sensors and the use of satellite data have mainly happened in geography departments. Those two disciplines haven't been used to working together. They don't share common terminologies. A remote sensing expert will tell you about land cover, and a biologist will tell you about ecosystems. So you have to reconcile those viewpoints.”
“For the moment, a lot of biologists have no idea what remote sensing is, how to get the data, and how to use the data.”
The Narendra Modi government will be presenting its first budget in about a month's time. It is that time of the year when business lobbies meet the finance minister and present them with their wish-list of what they expect from the budget.
This year, among other things, the lobbies seemed to have asked for a simpler tax regime. “A simple, transparent and non-adversarial tax regime, bereft of complexities and ambiguities, would go a long way to strengthen business sentiment and restore faith of the foreign investor in the India growth story,” Ajay Shriram, president of Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) told the media. It's hard to argue with that demand. But a closer examination will reveal that the companies represented by such industry bodies benefit the most from a complex tax system, which allows for a slew of exemptions and loopholes. Do do Indian business people really mean it when they say they want a simpler tax regime?
Along with the budget every year, the government of India releases the “statement of revenue foregone”. The statement for the financial year 2013-2014 provides some interesting information about the income tax paid by Indian companies during the 2011-12 fiscal.
The statement considered the tax expenditure of 4,94,545 companies for an interesting bit of analysis. While the statutory tax rate was 32.445%, the effective average tax for these companies came in at 22.85%. What explains this difference? The complex tax regime. How? We shall see in a moment.
no-caption
Interestingly, the greater the profits made by a company, the lower was its effective rate of income tax. As can be seen from the table above, companies which made a profit of between Rs 0-1 crore had an effective tax rate of 26.26%. For companies which made a profit of greater than Rs500 crore, the effective rate fell to 21.67%.
More than half the companies in the sample (around 53.2%) had an effective tax rate of up to 20% of their profits. “In other words, a large number of companies (263,315) contributed a disproportionately lower amount in taxes in relation to their profits,” the statement points out.
So, why is there such a huge difference between the statutory rate of income tax and the effective rate that the companies are paying? The only explanation for this is the huge number of deductions allowed by the Income Tax Act, 1961. Every deduction that has been added to this Act over the years has made it inherently more complicated, and less simple. And companies have been taking advantage of this complexity and ensuring that they do not have to pay tax at the statutory rate.
The revenue foregone, or the money that would have flown to the exchequer if all companies paid statutory tax rates, has been rising. The figure was Rs 81,214.3 crore for 2011-2012 and was expected to be at Rs 89,446.6 crore for 2012-2013.
The effective rate of income tax that companies pay has marginally risen over the years. It went up from 20.55% in 2006-2007 to 24.1% in 2010-2011 and fell to 22.85% in 2011-2012. The rate of increase in the effective rate of income tax paid by companies has been very slow.
When companies complain about the complex tax regime, what they mostly mean is that they want a less aggressive income tax department. The complexity in rules translate directly into more money for companies, and in general, they have not been known, anywhere in the world, to lobby hard so they could make less money.
Now that Puerto Rico is moving into recovery and rebuilding after the Hurricane Maria disaster, billions of dollars in federal disaster spending are flowing to the island. Estimates put hurricane damage at $95 billion, and Puerto Rican Gov. Ricardo Rosselló is asking various federal agencies for $94 billion in grants.
With this much public money on the line, monitoring how US tax dollars are spent in the recovery will be crucial to prevent waste, fraud, and shoddy work. The best way to do that is by awarding contracts through the open bidding process, which allows the largest number of businesses a chance to compete to offer the best deal. These types of contracts generally require more scrutiny and oversight than no-bid deals.
So far, competitive bidding hasn't been a top priority for federal agencies responding to Hurricane Maria. Nearly half of the 540 federal contracts signed so far (as of November 16), totaling $252 million, were awarded outside the open bidding process, according to federal procurement data.
In most of these no-bid deals, federal contracting officers contacted only one business before giving them the contract; in some cases, they asked several businesses for price quotes before picking the best one. For instance, the Federal Emergency Management Agency awarded the biggest contract so far — a $122 million deal to feed hurricane survivors — to a Maryland-based company without contacting any other vendors. In this case, FEMA merely extended a smaller contract it had with the company to feed Hurricane Irma survivors in the US Virgin Islands.
On one level, it makes sense to do this. Federal agencies are responding to a humanitarian crisis, and they need to sign contracts quickly to get help to Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands quickly. Open bidding is a lengthier process with more steps. But it can be done quickly — some agencies were able to go through the full open bidding process for Hurricane Maria contracts in a matter of days.
Still, they don't have much of an incentive to do so, and can avoid open bidding on smaller, urgent contracts if they can show that it would severely hinder their work. They don't even have to call around for price quotes.
Federal agencies can also skip open bidding on larger contracts — those above $750,000 in disaster zones — if they can show that there's only a small number of vendors who can provide the service or product they need, or to extend a current contract, known as a "follow-on deal."
The danger of no-bid contracting grew clear in the botched power grid repair contract between Puerto Rico's public utility company, PREPA, and Whitefish Energy, a tiny, inexperienced company from Montana. Congressional investigators said it raised “grave concerns about PREPA's ability to competently negotiate, manage, and implement critical infrastructure projects without significant independent oversight." While this contract was not awarded by a federal agency — and therefore was not included in the procurement data — PREPA expected to get reimbursed by FEMA grants. That means the contract still had to meet federal procurement standards.
The government has awarded hundreds of millions of dollars in no-bid contracts in Puerto Rico
When Hurricane Maria tore through Puerto Rico on September 20, the Category 4 winds knocked down cellphone towers and destroyed the power grid. The lack of electricity meant that most of the 3.4 million Americans on the island had no running water. It was a serious humanitarian crisis.
In the days that followed, multiple government agencies hired businesses to provide fuel trucks, meal kits, and charter flights for rescue missions. They ranged from small contracts, like the $1,733 deal to reactivate SIM cards on satellite phones, to major contracts, like the $118 million agreement with a Florida company to deliver 80 million liters of bottled water to Puerto Rico.
For the 262 contracts awarded as of November 16 that did not go through the open bidding process, the most common reason for not seeking price quotes from more than one business was "urgency."
Normally, government agencies like FEMA can avoid the burdensome open bidding process for small contracts below $250,000. But in December 2016, President Obama signed the National Defense Authorization Act, which raised the threshold to $750,000 in emergencies, including federal disaster zones.
That's how many government contracts for Puerto Rico — like the Justice Department's $430,000 contract for charter flights, the Health and Human Services Department's $536,000 contract for "logistical support," and a $550,000 Homeland Security contract to rent fuel trucks in San Juan — avoided the competition and scrutiny that they would normally get.
These contracts were awarded through a simplified acquisition process, allowing some of the contracting officers to sign a deal without even getting multiple price quotes.
Karen Thornton, director of George Washington University's procurement law program, said it doesn't surprise them that so many no-bid contracts have been awarded. Federal agencies need some flexibility after a natural disaster, they said via email, but they also need to better train contracting officers to make sure they are not frightened into making "shortsighted" decisions.
This "often results in inferior quality, customer dissatisfaction, and a loss of public trust," Thornton wrote in an email.
No-bid contracts require less oversight
The need for a speedy contracting process after a natural disaster is clear. What's not so clear is how much slower it is to award deals through the competitive bidding process.
For example, take the two largest Hurricane Maria federal contracts awarded so far: the $122 million deal to feed hurricane survivors and the $118 million deal to send 80 million liters of bottled water to Puerto Rico.
The first one didn't go through the open bidding process and was signed two weeks after the storm hit. The second one did go through the bidding process, and it was signed nine days after the hurricane. So it is possible to shorten the bidding process after an emergency.
Without open bidding, the government is creating an environment ripe for abuse.
One major problem with some no-bid contracts is that they get less scrutiny and oversight. For example, simplified acquisitions, which involve contracts below $750,000 (in disaster zones), don't require a clause allowing the government to audit costs and review records to evaluate the company's performance. They don't require contractors to report potential kickback schemes, and they don't have to meet certain labor and safety standards.
These types of contracts are relatively small in scale, but they make up a big chunk of the no-bid contracts awarded in Puerto Rico. And agencies, such as FEMA, have already gotten in some trouble for their lax oversight of federal contracts.
In 2014, the Government Accountability Office told FEMA that it needed to do more to evaluate the work of contractors in the National Flood Insurance Program. In the three major contracts reviewed by the GAO, FEMA didn't put together a performance plan for one of them and didn't submit performance evaluations for two of them. "By not reporting such information, FEMA disadvantaged the contractors and the government by not providing data that could be used in evaluating the contractors for future contract awards," the GAO concluded.
Those were big contracts that required more scrutiny. Smaller, no-bid contracts have lower standards for review, which means they are even more prone to abuse. Since Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans in 2005, federal agencies should have learned to set up more emergency relief contracts ahead of time in states prone to hurricanes and wildfires. That would give contracting officers more time to go through the bidding process, says Scott Amey, a procurement lawyer at the Project on Government Oversight, a nonprofit government watchdog group.
"If they keep entering into sole-source contracts because they have poor planning and poor disaster management, that's on the agency, and they need to get their contracting office in order," they said.
FEMA is relying more and more on no-bid contracts to respond to disasters
In the past, no-bid contracts awarded for urgency reasons were reserved for federal agencies working on military missions. But last year the Obama administration expanded the types of contracts that could fall into this category to include federal disaster zones.
And FEMA now relies more and more on no-bid contracts to respond to disasters. The agency awarded $200 million in single-source contracts in the fiscal year that ended September 30, the most since 2008, according to Bloomberg Government.
Vox's review of procurement records shows that in response to Hurricane Maria alone, FEMA has awarded $61 million in single-source contracts — no-bid deals in which agencies only reach out to one business to make a deal.
According to Amey, no-bid contracts are risky and should be avoided. “You lose some transparency and lose certain cost and pricing data," they said.
Puerto Rico's notorious $300 million contract with Whitefish Energy to rebuild the power grid shows the potential danger of signing contracts without full competition. According to congressional investigators, the massive contract — awarded to a Montana company with two employees — overcharged PREPA for labor and included clauses making it hard to end the contract or conduct audits. That contract was awarded by PREPA with the understanding that FEMA's public assistance grants would eventually cover most of the cost.
The governor of Puerto Rico ended up canceling the contract after details came to light. The FBI is investigating the Whitefish contract too. And a House committee is looking into a second no-bid energy contract PREPA awarded — a $200 million deal with Cobra Energy. That deal includes a similar clause prohibiting a government audit and waives liability if work is delayed.
Meanwhile, the people of Puerto Rico suffer. PREPA has to find another contractor to fix the power grid, and residents are left waiting longer to get the lights back on.
Former Mad Men star Jessica Paré is set for a key series regular role opposite Jim Caviezel in CBS' untitled Navy SEAL drama pilot from former Justified executive producers Ben Cavell, Sarah Timberman and Carl Beverly and Shameless executive producer Chris Chulack.
Written by Cavell and directed by Chulack, the project follows the lives of the elite Navy SEALs as they train, plan and execute the most dangerous, high-stakes missions our country can ask. Paré will play Mandy, a whip-smart CIA analyst driven to rid the world of evil and get the bad guys. Cast also includes Max Thieriot, Neil Brown Jr., A.J. Buckley, and Toni Trucks.
Paré, known for their starring role as Megan Draper in Mad Men, was recently seen in Oscar-nominated film Brooklyn opposite Saoirse Ronan. She's repped by UTA, 3 Arts Entertainment and Sloane Offer Weber and Dern.
Labyrinth lovers unite to undo vandalism at Lands End
Colleen Yerge (caretaker of Lands End Labyrinth) is joined by many in rebuilding the labyrinth at Lands End in San Francisco on September 13, 2015. The labyrinth was destroyed in August. Colleen Yerge (caretaker of Lands End Labyrinth) is joined by many in rebuilding the labyrinth at Lands End in San Francisco on September 13, 2015. The labyrinth was destroyed in August. Photo: Susana Bates, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Susana Bates, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close Labyrinth lovers unite to undo vandalism at Lands End 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
Rebuilding the rocky labyrinth at Lands End has become a calling for Colleen Yerge, a San Francisco doula and de facto keeper of a beloved but oft-vandalized piece of public art.
Yerge has reconstructed the piece — really a cluster of rocks, arranged in 11 concentric circles atop a wind-bitten escarpment — at least three times since discovering it in 2008.
On Sunday, they assembled a group of about 50 volunteers to fix it again.
“This is just my art project — it's my thing,” Yerge, wearing gardening gloves and a hooded sweatshirt, said as they directed crews to pick cantaloupe-size boulders from the beach below and lay them exactly 15 inches apart.
Among the crowd was Eduardo Aguilera, the artist who built the labyrinth in 2004 as a stealth project.
Aguilera said they spent about 16 hours laying out the rocks that first time, usually early in the morning or around twilight to avoid getting caught by National Park Service rangers.
“I wanted to be totally anonymous,” said Aguilera, who lives in San Francisco and details cars for a living.
Someone destroyed their original labyrinth shortly after its completion. They would rebuild it, and the vandalism would occur again. Before Yerge came along, Aguilera had to painstakingly reassemble the rocks several times.
“I'm passing on the torch,” they said. “I'm pretty busy with work, and I don't have time to keep coming here.”
Sacred site
The labyrinth last disappeared in the middle of the night of Aug. 11, when someone threw the rocks into the ocean.
“Someone must have really hated this place to destroy it,” said Dev Bhat, a Web editor who helped with the rebuilding effort.
They were one of several people who described the labyrinth as a sacred piece of San Francisco.
Laura Kamper, a stay-at-home mom from Sebastopol, said their husband first took them to see the structure on a rainy night in December 2006.
“We came out here with flashlights, and it was pitch black and the wind was storming,” Kamper said. “He said, ‘I want you to see this.'”
Kamper said they have long been enamored of not just the Lands End labyrinth, but of the symbolism of labyrinths in general.
“It creates a meditative space,” Kamper said. “I think it transcends religions.”
Another volunteer, the Rev. Lauren Artress, is known in San Francisco as a “patron saint of labyrinths,” Kamper said.
Artress, who works with the labyrinths at Grace Cathedral, runs a nonprofit organization called Veriditas, which, according to its website, promotes “personal and planetary change and renewal through the labyrinth experience.”
To Artress, a labyrinth is both a physical structure and a state of mind.
“Finding a labyrinth was important during the AIDS crisis,” they said. “We needed something we could do together thoughtfully, prayerfully and meditatively.”
Quickly repaired
The labyrinth at Lands End was back to its original state about two hours after volunteers laid the first rocks Sunday, though Yerge and Aguilera acknowledged there were no guarantees it will stay intact.
If it's vandalized again, Yerge says she'll help lay down fresh circles of rocks.
“When I first saw it, I didn't know what a labyrinth was,” they said. “But something kept drawing me back.”
Rachel Swan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: rswan@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @rachelswan
Recently, CNET reported on a study that was done by security-firm SMobile Systems involving Android apps, purporting that a full 20% of Android apps have access to personal information. According to the article, “…dozens of apps were found to have the same type of access to sensitive information as known spyware does, including access to the content of e-mails and text messages, phone call information, and device location, said Dan Hoffman, chief technology officer at SMobile Systems.”
Now before we start going into full-on panic mode, let's think about this. The way that security-firm SMobile Systems went about their study was by looking at the permissions that the apps in question used. There's a definite problem with this method. As an example, let's take one of the apps in the app store and look at its permissions. For our purposes, we're going to use Google's own Voice app. Google Voice is a phone/SMS app that uses Google's own services to make and receive calls and text messages, as well as giving access to visual voicemail that offers several caveats (such as voice-to-text transcriptions) that other visual voicemail setups don't.
Google Voice has access to the following information:
Your personal information Services that cost you money Your messages Network communication Your accounts P hone calls Hardware controls and finally System tools.
According to the criteria that SMobile Systems used, Google Voice would be considered malware. Now let's take a quick look at why that information is needed:
Your personal information- Google Voice has the ability to read and write contact data. Well…yeah. It needs that functionality in order to properly function as a phone replacement app. There's no sense in having to go to a completely separate app in order to add, edit, or remove contacts.
Google Voice has the ability to read and write contact data. Well…yeah. It needs that functionality in order to properly function as a phone replacement app. There's no sense in having to go to a completely separate app in order to add, edit, or remove contacts. Services that cost you money, your messages, phone calls- Google Voice has the ability to directly call phone numbers and send SMS messages. Isn't that sort of the point? I don't think I need to address this one.
Google Voice has the ability to directly call phone numbers and send SMS messages. Isn't that sort of the point? I don't think I need to address this one. Network communication- Google Voice has full Internet access. Voice uses the Internet to function.
Google Voice has full Internet access. Voice uses the Internet to function. Your accounts- Google Voice has access to your Google Voice account, can manage the accounts list, and use authentication credentials of said account. It would be rather difficult for the Google Voice app to function without access to your Google Voice account, no?
Google Voice has access to your Google Voice account, can manage the accounts list, and use authentication credentials of said account. It would be rather difficult for the Google Voice app to function without access to your Google Voice account, no? Hardware controls- Change your audio settings. There are loud people that you definitely don't want yelling in your ear. For this purpose, there's the volume buttons.
Change your audio settings. There are loud people that you definitely don't want yelling in your ear. For this purpose, there's the volume buttons. System tools- Prevents phone from sleeping. Depending on how your phone is setup (especially if you're using wifi), the phone going into sleep would completely interrupt your internet connection, thus terminating the call with your rich uncle that was offering you a boatload of money. On a completely unrelated note, can you introduce me to your uncle?
So, as we can see, yes, Google Voice has the “type of access to sensitive information as known spyware does” but it uses this information to function properly. I don't think that we could really classify it as “spyware,” could we? Now are there some spyware application in the Market. Absolutely, as with any other app store, no matter how close walled. The best thing to do is to report these apps if they're encountered, instead of just uninstalling them and saying nothing.
The Android Market is a diverse shop that allows the user the choice to supplement or replace their existing stock applications with something that may work better for them. True flexibility. For this, the slight chance of running into a malicious or buggy program could be considered worth it for many people.
[via cnet]
In 1969, a mass murder occurs in which a man kills people on their block. As they shoot the neighbors, they continuously ask if anyone spoke about "the name" which cannot be said. They also repeat the same thing over and over: "Don't say it, don't think it; don't think it, don't say it."
In present day, Elliot, their girlfriend Sasha, and best friend John move into an off-campus house not far from their college. Soon, mysterious things start to happen, such as Sasha developing a strange cough and Elliot finding coins in a nightstand that continually reappear. Elliot also finds writing consisting of "don't think it, don't say it", and a name: the Bye Bye Man. During a seance involving their friend Kim, the name is mentioned.
Sasha continues to become sick as Elliot and John start experiencing hallucinations and stranger activity. Elliot begins to suspect that Sasha is cheating on them with John. Elliot's brother Virgil also becomes suspicious. Kim is killed after they are struck by a train. Elliot is taken in for questioning by Detective Shaw, and is released when Kim's suicide note reveals they killed their roommate and was planning on killing Elliot, Sasha, and John.
The librarian shows Elliot a dossier about the Bye Bye Man; a teenager killed their family and told a reporter that the Bye Bye Man made them do it. The same reporter later became the mass shooter during the '60s, who killed themselves after realizing people knew about the Bye Bye Man. Elliot also visits the widow of the reporter, who reveals that the curse causes insanity, hallucinations, and eventually death. Signs of their coming are coins mysteriously appearing, sounds of a train, and a large, skinless hound. The only way to prevent it is to not think of their name or speak of him. If someone already knows, they must be killed. The librarian is hit by Elliot's car by accident, after they killed everyone in their home, coming for Elliot next.
Sasha and John are also suffering from the hallucinations. Elliot finds John stabbing Sasha. They shoot John, but after they pick up the corpse, it is revealed to have been Sasha that was stabbing John; therefore, Elliot killed Sasha. The Bye Bye Man appears and gives Elliot a hallucination. Elliot keeps Virgil and their daughter Alice away long enough for them to shoot themselves with a gun. Virgil and Alice get away before the entire house goes up in flames.
While riding home, Alice reveals they found the coins from the nightstand near the trash, along with the writing. However, they could not read it due to their poor night vision. Detective Shaw arrives at the scene, where John is found to be alive but wounded. John then whispers the name to Shaw, allowing the Bye Bye Man's curse to spread again.
ISIS had recently threatened to kill U.S. journalist James Foley to avenge airstrikes the United States has conducted in Iraq, a senior U.S. official told ABC News.
The White House had been aware of the threat prior to the release of a video Tuesday night that appears to show the beheading of Foley and warns that militants will carry out a similar act against U.S. journalist Steven Sotloff, who went missing in August, the official said.
ISIS Claims It Beheaded American James Foley
WATCH: US Mother's Heartbreaking Message on Terrorist Slaying of Son
The International Effort to Free James Foley
At least one news organization said it notified the White House about threats it received regarding Foley. Phillip Balboni, CEO and founder of the online news service Global Post, told ABC News' Brian Ross that the company received an e-mail on Aug. 13 demanding ransom and threatening to execute Foley. Balboni said the threat was shared with the White House.
Balboni said their news organization began receiving threats from Foley's captors via e-mail as early as last fall. The final e-mail Balboni received was "vitriolic and filled with rage against the United States," they said.
"It was deadly serious," Balboni told reporters.
(Nicole Tung/AP Photo)
Balboni noted the e-mail messages changed dramatically in tone after the U.S. began airstrikes in Iraq.
"The situation changed when the bombing began," they said. "That made everything much more difficult."
When it launched in 2005, the Xbox 360 was, certain issues aside, a successful product. But it was also drab. Lifeless. Until, in 2008, along came the avatars.
First officially unveiled at E3 2008, Microsoft's Avatars were seen by many as an attempt to cash in on Nintendo's success with their "Mii" characters, caricatures that had become wildly popular as the individualized mascots of Nintendo's new Wii system.
Included as part of a wider upgrade to the Xbox 360's user interface, dubbed the "New Xbox Experience" (or "NXE"), the Avatars were designed by the team at Rare to be part-dress-up doll, part-online identity, and, rather than being simple Mii clones, were the product of years of hard work at both Rare and Microsoft.
This is their story.
Advertisement
IN THE BEGINNING
"We (Rare) had been mulling an idea like this for several years", says Lee Musgrave, Rare's lead artist and one of the people primarily responsible for the design of the avatars. "The idea that you could play multiple games, bought separately, with the same (self-styled) character is something that we thought was pretty compelling, and something that would really be a benefit to the console in general".
Advertisement
Rare's initial idea for their avatar system was simple: create a single identity, tied to a user or a user account, that would be represented by an on-screen character of the user's design, and which would be able to be carried over between games.
"We kicked the idea about internally, did some very scant groundwork on the kind of technical work that would be required to get something like this to work, flung a few emails about our thoughts across the Atlantic [to Microsoft's head offices in Redmond, Washington]...and then Nintendo announced Miis".
Oops.
Unsurprisingly, Musgrave says, momentum on Rare's project began to pick up pace after Nintendo first unveiled their own avatar system in May 2006. Rare's thunder was stolen by the Kyoto company's bold, console-wide initiative for their new Wii console.
Advertisement
But with stolen thunder came renewed focus for the team at Rare. "When we heard through internal grapevines that the Xbox platform team were putting together a completely new dashboard interface", Musgrave says of Microsoft's initial plans for the NXE, "we made it our business to get the work we'd already done on ‘shared characters' in-front of them".
Rare's fledgling avatar system (indeed, it can be said Rare itself was fledgling at this stage, with the company having failed to deliver a certified AAA hit since being purchased by Microsoft in 2002) was shown to Microsoft. Microsoft loved it, green-lit the project with a new, greater scope (the avatars would now be bound to the console itself) and things took off from there.
Advertisement
WHO WAS DRIVING?
By this stage, the project was being driven by a select number of Rare personnel: head of production Lee Schuneman, designer Dale Murchie, art head Lee Musgrave and animator Nick Makin.
"The project team working through early ideation," Musgrave says. "And [the] concept [team] worked closely with the Xbox LIVE team to ensure the avatar's became active, living, breathing personas across the consumers' entire Xbox 360 experience."
Advertisement
"Once we moved from pre-development into actual implementation, about a dozen core team members from Rare worked hand in hand with Xbox to bring our shared vision for the avatars to life". These extra hands included Chris Sutherland, Bjorn Madsen, Rod Boyd, Gareth Lough, Ryo Agarie, John Doyle, Will Overton and Rare's internal animation and rigging teams.
NAILING "THE LOOK"
"We labored long and hard on the look of the avatars from the outset", says Musgrave. "Our main goal was to create a style that did not alienate ANYBODY . . . this was about bringing people TO Xbox, not turning them off, and we deliberately went about creating something that was intrinsically human, but customizable to a point where people could express their personality within the system".
Advertisement
"At the same time, we were careful not to make it SO customizable that it became a playground only for highly creative people who wanted to turn their Xbox avatar into a monster. We danced around the exact level of creativity to open up with Avatars several times, and I think we eventually hit a spot with the faces, hairstyles, clothing and accessories that allow people to portray themselves pretty nicely, and with a certain ‘edge' if they are so inclined."
Throughout this piece, you can see examples of early concept work for the Avatars, Rare's art and design team toying with several varying styles of character before slowly approaching the short, stocky figures that would comprise the finished article (final image at bottom of article).
As for what the Avatars wear, Musgrave says that, rather than attempt to dress the Avatars themselves, Rare enlisted the services of a number of fashion consultants. These fashionistas helped Rare "put together hundreds of pieces of visual reference from all kinds of fashion styles and genres", which Rare then modeled and modified to fit the Avatar's art style.
Advertisement
Of course, the avatars didn't launch with "hundreds" of pieces of clothing. And six months on from release, additions to those options have been few and far between. But Musgrave says that the initial range of clothing options available – whose limited nature and range has drawn a little criticism from users – is "actually something that is not fully appreciated yet", with many articles of clothing designed in the Avatar's gestation period yet to see the light of day.
Musgrave is also at pains to point out that the clothing options "can be added to infinitely over time, to give us angles into pretty much any kind of trend or genre that you could imagine." So if happy pants come back in, people, don't worry: your avatars should be covered.
Advertisement
PUTTING THEM TO WORK
So the look and idea of the avatars was coming along. Yet for them to actually mean something, they had to be more than just dress-up dolls. They had to be characters. Avatars that didn't just represent a gamer physically, but could be controlled by them as well.
"We ensured throughout the entire technical development of the Avatar system that we kept one eye on the big prize, which was getting these things into as many places, products and games as possible", says Musgrave. "To this end, we actually wrote TWO avatar systems that are available for other developers to use, and a whole boatload of documentation and guidelines as to how developers should go about using avatars in their own games".
Advertisement
The first of these allows developers to take a console's Avatars and, using the 3D model as a base, rip still images from them in a variety of poses. This is the simplest of the systems, to be used mainly for games or programs that use 2D images, and users can even try it out themselves: it's the same tech employed by the "photo session" tool used to snap a pic of your avatar for a user's gamerpic.
The second system is more complex, and allows developers to lift an avatar model's geometry and textures and use it in a 3D game. While we haven't seen much use of this to date, Musgrave says that this tool can be "slotted into the code of any ‘in-development' Xbox application", so it shouldn't be too long until Microsoft – like Nintendo already has to great success - starts using avatars more extensively as game characters.
Advertisement
THE MUSIC
With the art and technology now sorted, there was one more thing to take care of. The music — which, for an avatar system, sounds meaningless! They're a visual thing, after all, so music…eh, whatever.
Yet anyone who has created an avatar will know that perhaps the most endearing aspect of the whole thing is the music featured, and in particular, the catchy chimes that play when a user saves changes to their Avatar.
Advertisement
This crucial, yet under-appreciated side of Avatar development was handled by Rare music man Steve Burke, with help from Dale Murchie along the way.
GO FOR LAUNCH
The Avatars made their public debut with the release of the New Xbox Experience on November 19, 2008. And while the NXE brought welcome changes to the 360's dour user interface, it quickly became clear that the main attraction of the update were the Avatars, their widespread use and acceptance allaying any concerns that they would be ignored by the 360's less "cuddly" user base.
Advertisement
"The main thing that I think we achieved here, and the main part that really lines up with our initial hopes for the project, is the level of integration and permeation that the avatars enjoy on Xbox 360" says Musgrave. "The success of the Avatars is down to the fact that they have been allowed/forced into all corners of the system. There are Avatars on the very front page of every dash of every Xbox, and when you buy a new box, one of the first things you are prompted to do is make an Avatar".
Indeed, Avatars have become a standard character across Microsoft for the Xbox 360, with executive avatars taking the stage at major presentations, and the characters also taking pride of place on Xbox 360 packaging and promotional material.
Advertisement
THE FUTURE
With the avatars having successfully made the journey from abstract game novelty to console mascots, creators Rare are looking towards the little guys' future.
"We have a list of about twelve million things we'd love to do with the avatars, their clothing and accessories, and how this all might cross over into the real-world . . . and there are several of these ideas that are being worked on behind the scenes right now", Musgrave says.
Advertisement
"Step one is complete: we have the look, the system and the tech. Step two is . . . due."
PoliZette Tom Brokaw: Trump Wants to ‘Destroy the Prevailing Culture in This Country' Tarnished NBC veteran waiting for president's supporters to say, 'I wish they would just shut up for a while'
NBC News' Tom Brokaw claimed that President Donald Trump, and “some people on the right,” want “to destroy the prevailing culture in this country,” during an interview Wednesday on MSNBC's “Morning Joe.”
The veteran NBC News journalist addressed the president's ongoing feud with the National Football League, which began Friday night at a raucous rally in Alabama. Trump took issue with NFL players who chose to protest racial injustice in the country by kneeling instead of standing for the national anthem, saying their coaches should fire them for disrespecting the anthem and the flag.
Advertisement
[lz_jwplayer video=”XrEMxEGb”]
Brokaw bemoaned the damage they believe Trump and the conservative-populists have wreaked upon the Republican Party during and after the 2016 presidential election.
“I think there are some people on the Right who want to destroy the prevailing culture in this country. I mean, that's the way that [Trump] ran, quite honestly,” they said. “But at the same time, for all of the promises that they made during the campaign … not one of them is coming true.”
Brokaw did not appear to be disturbed by the notion that Trump's signature campaign promises weren't coming true.
Most recently, the GOP's promise to repeal and replace Obamacare suffered another crushing defeat Tuesday when Republican leadership pulled the Graham-Cassidy bill that would have reformed Obamacare, due to a lack of 50 “yes” votes.
But Brokaw noted Trump is still popular with their voting base, despite their party's lack of legislative progress.
Advertisement
[lz_related_box id=”846284″]
“And I, you know — when I go out and talk to people in the West who are Trump voters, they said, ‘We're still with him. We think it's your fault, talking about us,'” they said. “But then they'll say, ‘I wish they would just shut up for a while.' You know, that they … has to talk about who they are and how great they are. And they get something back from that, I guess, but it's not good for the country.”
“The fact is, that I don't know how this ends up because … on the Republicans' side of the Hill, they're holding their heads at this point,” Brokaw continued, noting that Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) announced Wednesday they would not seek re-election in 2018.
“And we got Corker is not going to run again — I'm sure that this president had something to do with that, and they didn't want to be in the office when they had that as the leader of their party and the chief executive of the United States,” they claimed. “This is a crisis point for this country.”
By Tim King
Whatsupic -- In America and beyond, there is a solid connection between military veterans and motorcycle culture. Many vets ride because life in the relatively calm civilian world, stands in such stark contrast to military life which is full of rushing adrenaline and danger. This is particularly true for a person who has been exposed to combat, which greatly heightens the senses, but other aspects of military life are also dangerous and loud and critical. It is hard for many veterans to find things that stimulate the heart and mind in a way that is even remotely close.
Riding allows a vet to connect with others who experience the trauma of military life, including PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder). Vets who survived the rigors of combat find a large bond in the motorcycle world which is extremely multidimensional. The comaradarie is a large reason why so many veterans are attracted to motorcycle clubs.
In the summer of 2013, I set out on a cross-country motorcycle ride to promote the book I co-authored with Robert O'Dowd, (BETRAYAL: Toxic Exposure of US Marines, Murder and Government Cover-Up) and to give a series of talks about problems facing American veterans.
The talks were well received and I plan to take my information back out onto the road in the future.
Toxic Military Bases
One large emphasis of my talks, contaminated military bases, are a serious problem both in the US and worldwide.
The toxins plague not only the vets who served aboard toxic military bases, but also civilians who live near the toxic facilities, or even worse, bought homes on redeveloped military bases.
For decades, the US government provided the military with cancer-causing toxins such as the degreasing cleaner TCE (trichlorethylene) and the majority of these toxins were simply dumped into grates after use, contaminating and poisoning underground water tables.
TCE is but one of many chemicals used by the US military, yet most vets to this day fail to understand what they were subjected to because the government does not inform them of the hazards they will likely face in their lifetimes due to the exposure they suffered while serving their country in uniform.
PTSD
Another aspect of my talks was PTSD. Between 2006 and 2008, I spent time in Afghanistan and Iraq, interviewing US soldiers and Marines about this dangerous condition that can be very difficult to live with. The sad truth is that many who suffer the effects of PTSD kill themselves, and this is a serious issue affecting veterans, their family and friends, all over the US.
Many vets who served in Iraq and Afghanistan suffered TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury) from IED's (Improvised Explosive devices) and they are generally afflicted with PTSD as well.
The level of care the VA (Veterans Administration) provides these veterans is unacceptable and the VA is rife with horror stories regarding its treatment practices. Dr. Phillip Leveque, who I have worked with for many years, suffers PTSD from their service in WWII. They spent the mainstay of their life as a physician treating veterans with PTSD. They imparted much wisdom and I was able to take their information and incorporate it into my talks. Veterans deserve a much higher level of care than they typically receive.
Agent Orange
During my talks, I also addressed the problems associated with Agent Orange, a cancer causing chemical defoylant sprayed by the US over Vietnam to thin the jungles and thus make it easier for US forces to kill from the air.
Agent Orange has claimed hundreds of thousands of lives in the USA and Vietnam, and people continue to suffer from this irresponsible practice of war. Agent Orange is created by the despised company, Monsanto.
The organizer for my ride, which was called "Operation Red Dragonfly" is Sheree Evans of Ozark, Missouri. Them husband, Tommy Evans, served as a US Marine in Vietnam. They died of Glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer - caused by Agent Orange exposure. Sheree took their husband's case forward and waged a battle to force the VA to accept glioblastoma as a condition related to Agent Orange. Every step in their fight was extremely challenging and today, veterans and their families benefit from the work of Sheree Evans.
Motorcycles Make Sense
Motorcycles are a fun and appealing mode of transportation that require less fuel and space on the road and in many cases, deliver excellent performance and handling. Motorcycles are cheaper to insure than cars, and there are many things a rider can do to avoid becoming a statistic.
It is an inherent fact that motorcycles have no outside protection: they are harder to see, and riders have to be keenly aware of all possibile problems that could cause them to lose control of their bike.
Riding long distance is one of the most invigorating aspects of motorcycle riding that I have ever experienced. I'm not the hardcore rider many enthusiasts are, I ride daily and I only own a motorcycle, but I'm not as consumed as some riders tend to be. My two and a half months in the summer of 2013 traversing the nation on my Suzuki GSF1200 Bandit is as close to Road Warrior as I have come, so far at least.
After a lifetime of riding, going coast to coast and then some, left many excellent impressions when it comes to safety. I will close each piece in this series with safety tips.
Different Laws in Different States
Splitting lanes is one of California's best legal attributes for motorcycle riders. I know people do it all over the country, but California is the only state in the union that allows motorcycle riders to split lanes, which means to ride the line between rows of slower moving or stopped cars.
Of course this type of riding has many hazards, including motorists opening their doors, and getting in trouble while lane splitting can be deadly when a rider becomes pinched between two cars which happens when drivers change lanes without ensuring that the coast is clear.
Riders typically move at a slow rate while passing cars down the center and most California drivers are more than accustomed to motorcycles moving forward while all other traffic is jammed. California riders can always ride up to the front of a stop light also by splitting the lanes on city streets.
I applaud California's law that permits this rider friendly travel, but be warned that even in the state of Oregon, directly above California, splitting lanes can be construed as reckless driving if a cop is having a bad day. Your bike can be seized and you can even be tossed in jail.
Conclusion of part one.
American Motorcycle Diary -- Part Two: Visiting America's most Amazing Places
Judge Ignores Congress, Pretends SOPA Exists, Orders Site Blocking Of Sci-Hub
from the how's-that-work-now? dept
Last month, we wrote about the strange and unfortunate decision by a magistrate judge in the copycat lawsuit by the American Chemical Society against Sci-Hub, the "renegade" online repository of academic knowledge. As we've discussed for years, the copyright attacks on Sci-Hub are silly, given the entire stated purpose of copyright is supposed to be to increase "learning" (and there's rarely a monetary incentive to the scholars writing academic articles). Copyright in academic papers is silly for a whole host of reasons, and then using copyright law to take down what is effectively an incredibly useful library of academic knowledge seems to run entirely counter to the basis of copyright law.
And yet, things with Sci-Hub keep getting dumber. After it lost the lawsuit Elsevier filed against it, the American Chemical Society jumped in to file a copy cat lawsuit. The issue last month was our surprise that a magistrate judge recommended an injunction against third parties who were not parties to the lawsuit, demanding that they block all access to Sci-Hub. This could impact tons of ISPs, search engines, domain registrars and more. On Friday, amazingly, the Title III judge on the case, Judge Leonie Brinkema, more or less went with the magistrate's recommendations, with one slight change. You can see the order and injunction either at those links, or embedded below.
Because Sci-Hub -- run by a woman who doesn't live in the US -- chose to ignore the lawsuit, this is a default judgment, so the judge never got to hear anyone else's viewpoint, other than ACS. It's troubling that the judge -- just prior to issuing the injunction -- decided to reject an attempted amicus brief from CCIA, which sought to explain why site blocking is not allowed as a remedy. The judge did make one change, which at the very least improves the injunction slightly. The official injunction reads as follows:
ORDERED that any person or entity in active concert or participation with Defendant Sci-Hub and with notice of the injunction, including any Internet search engines, web hosting and Internet service providers, domain name registrars, and domain name registries, cease facilitating access to any or all domain names and websites through which Defendant Sci-Hub engages in unlawful access to, use, reproduction, and distribution of the ACS Marks or ACS's Copyrighted Works; and it is FURTHER ORDERED that the domain name registries and/or registrars for Defendant Sci-Hub's domain names and websites, or their technical administrators, shall place the domain names on registryHold/serverHold or other status to render the names/sites non-resolving.
The original recommendation from the magistrate judge said that "any person or entity in privity with Sci-Hub" had to do those things. The difference being switching out "in active concert or participation" rather than "in privity." That's... slightly better, but it's unclear exactly what "in active concert or participation" really means.
ACS is now claiming that this won't apply to general search engines, but just to those working more closely with Sci-Hub:
“The court's affirmative ruling does not apply to search engines writ large, but only to those entities who have been in active concert or participation with Sci-Hub, such as websites that host ACS content stolen by Sci-Hub. ACS will now look to identify said entities and seek enforcement accordingly.”
Steve McLaughlin, who has been following the case closely, expects that ACS is likely to target Cloudflare with this injunction -- and it will be worth seeing how Cloudflare responds.
Either way, setting aside the questions about why we're even arguing about a library of academic research that was not incentivized by copyright, it's still perplexing that a federal judge believes this is a justifiable remedy. Again, five years ago Congerss explored the idea of allowing site blocking as a remedy for copyright infringement and decided against it when it chose not to pass SOPA/PIPA (whose main purpose was to create a site blocking remedy). No matter what you think of Sci-Hub, it should worry people when judges can demand third parties censor and block sites, without any First Amendment analysis whatsoever.
Filed Under: academic research, copyright, site blocking, sopa
Companies: acs, american chemical society, cloudflare, sci-hub
1. Pay attention to the presence of the Imam (as)
The first condition for a pilgrimage to be accepted is to meet with their Majesty, the Imam; in other words, visiting the shrine is not limited to simply entering and existing in a place. You have to keep in mind the presence that is there, there is a lofty soul present; pay attention to this presence.
2. Talk to the Imam (as)
To meet the Imam you don't have to see them with your eyes.  They are there, they hear your words, observes your attendance, and they watch you. Talk to him. This is a pilgrimage. The pilgrimage is a meeting in this manner.
3. Greet them
When one meets a person, they or they greet them. This is also required when meeting the purified souls of the Imams (pbut) as well as those close to God. One should go to them; greet them and convey their respect and admiration for them.
4. Speak to them in any language
A visit can be done in any language. If we talk in our own simple language, the etiquette observed while meeting and visiting a person have been realized.
5. Recite the Ziarats (pilgrimage supplications) of the Imams.
If we wish to talk to the Imams (pbut) eloquently and with noble intentions, we should recite the available Ziarats: like that of Ziarat of Imam Ridha (as), Ziarat Amin-Allah or Ziarat Jami'ah.
6. Speak from the bottom of your heart
Communicate from within your heart. Try to free your heart from any other concern, even if for two minutes or five minutes. Establish a connection with the spirituality that fills the shrine and then speak to the Imam.
7. Recite the Ziarat Jami'ah Kabira
The Ziarat Jami'ah Kabira is–for instance—six or seven pages, if you have the times read through it and if not, recite only a page or half a page of it.
8. When doing Ziarat, remember the one you're addressing
When you are reciting the Ziarat, even if you do not know the meaning of it, remember who you are addressing the Ziarat to. If you accomplish that, then this is a true pilgrimage.
9. Establish a connection between your own heart and that of the Imam(as)
Some people think they have to stick to the Zarih! Because they cannot establish a connection within their heart, they want to connect their bodies to the shrine. What's the use? On the contrary, there are people who might be far, but their hearts are connected; this is good.
10. Perform prayer in the shrine; remember God
Pray in the shrine, perform Salat qadha (missed prayers), perform obligatory salat (prayer), perform recommended prayers, and pray for you parents. Say dhikr, "La ilaha illalah"--there is no other god, besides God--the tasbihat arba'a—provided that the heart is connected.
THE Turkish government's repression of civil society is increasingly affecting countries far from Turkey itself. On August 19th the Spanish police arrested Dogan Akhanli, a Turkish-German writer, on an Interpol “red notice”, an international arrest warrant, issued by Turkey. Mr Akhanli was conditionally released following a court hearing the next day. Turkish authorities have 40 days from the date of their arrest to request their extradition. They must remain in Spain until the Spanish judicial system makes a final decision.
Turkey has already arrested more than 50,000 people in purges following an attempted coup in July 2016. The arrest of Mr Akhanli is part of a growing effort to track down opponents living abroad, too. Earlier this month Hamza Yalcin, a Turkish-Swedish reporter and writer, was also arrested in Spain on an international arrest warrant. (Based on their reporting for left-wing newspapers, Turkey has charged them with “propaganda for a terrorist organisation”.) They remain in jail, waiting to hear whether they will be extradited.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Akhanli thanked the German press and government, saying their prompt reaction had persuaded the Spanish to allow their conditional release. Now a German citizen, Mr Akhanli fled Turkey in 1991 where they had been jailed in the 1980s as a political opponent of the military regime. They briefly returned to their home country in 2010 and was arrested for alleged involvement in an armed robbery. They were exonerated at trial, but an appeals court ordered new proceedings against them in 2013. The exact charges brought against them this weekend is not clear, but Interpol's red notice was based on this old case.
The real reason the Turkish authorities are pursuing them seems to be political. Mr Akhanli is critical of the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and has written about the Ottoman genocide of Armenians in 1915. Having lived in Europe for over 25 years, they believed that they were out of reach of the Turkish authorities. But Mr Erdoğan is trying to use the mechanisms of international law to extend their crackdown on dissidents abroad. The arrests in Spain suggest they are having some success. Ilias Uyar, Mr Akhanli's lawyer, condemned this use of Interpol as the “extended arm of the Turkish regime”. Bernd Fabritius, the rapporteur on Interpol abuses for the Council of Europe, urged Interpol to re-examine the red notice against Mr Akhanli “in light of the rules outlawing politically motivated interventions”.
Mr Akhanli's arrest has further damaged the already strained relationship between Turkey and Germany. Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, denounced the abuse of international organisations like Interpol. Sigmar Gabriel, Germany's foreign minister, warned against the possibility that “Turkey could have people who raise their voice against President Erdoğan put in prison at the other end of Europe.”
Last week, Mr Erdoğan urged German citizens of Turkish origin not to vote for German mainstream parties in the parliamentary election in September, calling them enemies of Turkey. This statement sparked a war of words. Mr Gabriel cautioned the Turkish leader not to interfere in German politics. At a rally on August 20th, Mr Erdoğan referred contemptuously to the German foreign minister. “Who are you to talk to the President of Turkey?” they said. “Know your limits.” Turkey's risky bid to extend its internal political conflicts into Europe suggests Mr Erdoğan would do well to take their own advice.
On the Market: Charles Street Meeting House
You can live in this Beacon Hill landmark, complete with a clock and bell tower.
Sign up for our weekly home and property newsletter, featuring homes for sale, neighborhood happenings, and more.
125 Mount Vernon Street, Beacon Hill
Price: $3,900,000
Size: 4,000 square feet
Bedrooms: 4
Baths: 4.5
Built in 1807, the Charles Street Meeting House has been home to both abolitionist speakers and law offices. Today, a single condo exists inside the historic Federal-style church, and it could be yours for a cool $3,900,000. The residence boasts a whopping 4,000 square feet of living space. It has vaulted ceilings, arched windows, exposed beams, balconies, and a cupola. The building features a restored facade and its original bell tower, and offers panoramic views of the city and the Charles from its many windows. The place also has a library, a gourmet kitchen, a wine cellar, and a private garden.
For information, contact Michael Carucci, Gibson Sotheby's International Realty, bostonrealestate.net.
The Boston Home team has curated a list of the best home design and home remodeling professionals in Boston, including architects, builders, kitchen and bath experts, lighting designers, and more. Get the help you need with FindIt/Boston's guide to home renovation pros.
Built to replace a permanently-manned “lightship” on the edge of the treacherous “Graveyard of the Atlantic,” Frying Pan Tower was a unique lighthouse that was built like an oil rig before being left to rust in the middle of the ocean. However, today it operates as a boutique rooming destination for people on an adventurous holiday.
Completed in the 1960s, the light station was installed 32 miles off the coast of North Carolina using a four-legged base that once belonged to an oil drilling platform. The station replaced a boat that had been stationed in the spot for more than one hundred years, warning ships of the dangerous shoals hidden just a few dozen feet beneath the surface.
The new tower was built with two floors, a broad surface helipad, and the actual light tower on top. Originally manned by full crews of Coast Guard operators, the station was eventually fully automated before becoming fully obsolete and being abandoned in 2004.
Once the rusting platform was left to be devoured by the sea, a number of plans for its future were put forth, ranging from demolishing the structure to create an artificial reef to giving it over to a diving company. In the end, it was purchased by an independent buyer who did the unexpected. Instead of attempting to destroy the unique rig, the new owner, with the help of volunteers, set to restoring the tower as a one-of-a-kind sea stop.
Since being purchased in 2010, the tower has been significantly refurbished and inspected, and today it operates as a sort of water-locked bed and breakfast. The tower is far from a bucolic New England townhouse, but what it lacks in warm atmosphere it makes up for in rusty oceanic solitude.
Lian Li has introduced a new electronic sit/stand desk chassis, the DK-04, which holds a full system under its tempered glass surface and raises and lowers at the push of a button.
On display at their booth at CES last week, the DK-04 offers a compelling option for someone interested in a standing workstation, with the added benefit of housing a powerful custom rig (and looking really cool in the process).
There is room under the glass desktop (this model does not use a drawer) for up to an ATX motherboard with one dual-slot expansion card, which can be used with a GPU up to 320 mm in length. CPU coolers of up to 120 mm are supported, along with 120 mm width radiators up to 480 mm long.
The front panel offers 4x USB 3.0 ports, RGB lighting controls, and a 5.25-inch optical drive bay; and there is internal storage support for up to 8x 3.5-inch or 2.5-inch hard drives. The entire unit is 47.24 inches wide, 29.53 inches deep, and can be adjusted from approximately 30 - 46 inches in height.
The control panel for the electric height adjustment includes the option for up to 4 presets, allowing the desk to easily adjust to various pre-defined seated and standing positions.
Pricing and availability have yet to be announced, but expect this to come in higher than IKEA's popular solution (which doesn't offer a functionality of a full PC enclosure inside, of course).
A suburban Los Angeles law enforcement agency fought two years to keep secret the dashcam video of Gardena Police Department officers shooting two suspects, one of whom was fatally wounded. The victims were mistakenly believed to have stolen a bicycle outside a drugstore on June 2, 2013. Video shows police unleashing a volley of gunfire as one of the victims has their arms up while another keeps raising and lowering theirs hands.
A federal judge ordered the video unsealed late Tuesday at a request of the Los Angeles Times, Associated Press, and Bloomberg News following the city of Gardena settling a federal lawsuit over the shooting for $4.7 million. The city, just outside of Los Angeles, fought until the eleventh hour in its failed bid to convince US District Judge Stephen Wilson in Los Angeles to block the release of the short video from two dashcams fastened to a pair of patrol cruisers. The department said it believed the settlement of the case would include the tape remaining private.
The judge ruled (PDF) that the department's "argument backfires here—the fact that they spent the city's money, presumably derived from taxes, only strengthens the public's interest in seeing the videos."
Wilson added: "Moreover, while the videos are potentially upsetting and disturbing because of the events they depict, they are not overly gory or graphic in a way that would make them a vehicle for improper purposes."
The video's release comes as police departments nationwide are embracing dashcams and body cams as both a crime-fighting tool and as a means to provide the public some level of transparency. But the terabytes of video these cameras are producing often don't see the light of day. The footage largely remains a non-public record in most agencies as police departments struggle to balance protecting themselves and the privacy of the public they're in contact with on a daily basis.
Gardena immediately appealed the judge's decision to release the videos to the Ninth US Circuit Court of Appeals. The city labeled the footage "confidential information" (PDF). After the video was released, the San Francisco-based appeals court ordered it "to remain under seal pending further order of this court." The appeals court ordered both sides to brief the case by Monday.
Ed Medrano, the Gardena police chief, said the force's officers are soon getting body cams. In a statement, they said that the publication of police recordings goes too far.
“Our police officers are entrusted with sensitive and extremely personal information and we often come in contact with people under tragic situations and at their worst,” they said. “We worry about the implications of this decision and its impact on victims and average citizens who are recorded by the police.”
None of the three officers involved in the shooting death of 35-year-old Ricardo Diaz Zeferino were charged. Eutiquio Acevedo Mendez has recovered after being shot in the back. Diaz Zeferino was shot eight times.
According to the Los Angeles Times:
The district attorney's office declined to file charges against the officers. Deputy Dist. Atty. Rosa Alarcon wrote in a memo about the shooting that Diaz Zeferino's right hand was no longer visible from the officers' angle and that it was reasonable for them to believe they were going to reach for a weapon. “They made a split-second decision and they were not required to hold fire in order to ascertain whether Diaz [Zeferino] would, in fact, injure or kill them,” they wrote.
Due to a dispatcher's mistake, the incident occurred after police falsely believed that they were responding to a robbery. The men involved in the shooting were on bicycle helping their friend search for their stolen bike near the drugstore.
Climate Threat Multiplier Climate change doesn't just warm the air and melt glaciers. It acts as a “threat multiplier,” playing on the vulnerabilities of ecosystems and communities in ways that we are yet to fully understand. Migration is a case in point: the way it's changing, and is projected to change in the future, highlights how the impacts of climate change on one place spill over to other parts of the world. A new study in Science finds that as crops fail in agricultural regions of the world, more people will seek asylum in Europe in the coming decades. If the current warming trends were to continue, the research predicts that by 2100 Europe will receive around 660,000 extra applicants each year. The authors analyzed the relation between localized changes in weather and the number of asylum applications by that country's migrants between 2000 and 2014, discovering that when temperatures in the source country changed from a moderate average of 20° C (68° F), applications increased. They modeled future migration patterns by comparing present trends against the global warming scenarios set out by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). They found that under a pathway where the concentration of greenhouse gases does not significantly decrease, and global temperatures increase by 4.8° C (8.6° F), asylum applications are likely to rise by 188 percent by the end of the century.
Speaking with the BBC, lead author Wolfram Schlenker, of Columbia University, acknowledged the uncertainty that comes with such models: “We basically have to assume that the relationship we uncovered between 2000 and 2014 is going to remain unchanged for the next 80 years,” they said. They explained that “there are many reasons for why it could go either way. We could start adapting to warmer temperatures, so the impacts would be less, but if you shock people every year with the same thing, it could be much worse. We could be under or overestimating the effects.” Breaking Point While our resilience as a species means we can adapt to a great deal of change — by upgrading our infrastructure or breeding heat-resistant crops, among other actions — we too eventually reach a breaking point. New research in Environmental Research Letters finds that by 2100, rising temperatures combined with increased humidity will make some areas of the world uninhabitable for humans.
Humans cool their bodies by sweating. As sweat evaporates off the skin, it disperses the excess heat; but in an air thick with moisture, this process is slowed down or halted altogether. Under these conditions, organs start to fail, eventually leading to death. Previous papers have identified this upper limit as a sustained temperature of 35° C (95° F). The new study maps the areas of the planet most at risk to experience not only greater heat but also higher density of vapor in the air. Among the regions likely to be affected are the Amazon, western and central Africa, northern India, eastern China and the southeastern part of the United States. “It's not just about the heat, or the number of people. It's about how many people are poor, how many are old, who has to go outside to work, who has air conditioning,” said study coauthor Alex de Sherbinin, of Columbia's Center for International Earth Science Information Network, in a statement. They said that even if the weather does not lead to a sudden collapse of the affected human systems, working in farms or in non air conditioned environments may lead to chronic health problems such as kidney disease — another case of climate change as a threat multiplier. It is likely that over time, many will eventually seek a new home elsewhere. Although the science is not conclusive, there is evidence that climate change-induced drought might have exacerbated the social unrest that led to some of the most brutal conflicts of this century, including the Syrian war. The science of extreme weather attribution is developing fast, but there is still a long way to go before we can identify with certainty the role played by climate change in any extreme event.
What scientists now know is that what happens in one particular part of the planet will most likely trigger a cascade of consequences that will be felt far away. These are not only environmental consequences, but also social, and will increasingly involve the movement of large numbers of people. As mass migration is already causing tensions all over the world, leaders will have to find new strategies to manage the growing nomad communities of the future.
Duck Dynasty takes a fall in the ratings after family patriarch Phil Robertson used their Christian faith to justify vile anti-gay bigotry, equating homosexuality to bestiality, and comparing LGBT people with drunkards, thieves, prostitutes, and adulterers.
A self described “Bible thumper,” Robertson was widely condemned after making inflammatory and insensitive remarks about gay people and African Americans in an interview published in January's GQ Magazine.
PolitcusUSA reports that after Robertson's racist and homophobic remarks appeared in the GQ interview, Duck Dynasty's viewership dropped by nearly 50%:
When Duck Dynasty returned for their fourth season last year, their premiere episode was watched 11.77 million people. After Phil Robertson's racist and homophobic remarks season five debuted to 8.5 million viewers. The second episode of the season dropped to 6.65 million viewers. The third episode stayed nearly even with episode two at 6.7 million viewers. By the fourth episode the show rebounded to 7.49 million viewers, but last night's fifth episode dropped to new low of 6.51 million viewers.
For many, Robertson became a symbol of Christian hate and bigotry after they used their Christian faith to justify their anti-gay sentiment, equating homosexuality to bestiality, and comparing LGBT people with drunkards, thieves, prostitutes, and adulterers.
And while many, if not all viewers, found Robertson's obnoxious Christian bigotry too much to stomach, Robertson still enjoys support from many conservative Christians, including Mike Huckabee, Sarah Palin, and the Westboro Baptist Church.
civil nuclear cooperation deal +
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said +
support openness, transparency and the rule of law +
TOKYO: Making an exception, Japan on Friday signed a historicwith India, opening the door for collaboration between their industries in the field even as the countries signed nine other agreements in various areas to bolster bilateral ties.The agreements, including the one for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy, mark a historic step in their engagement to build a clean energy partnership,after wide-ranging talks with their Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe The nuclear agreement comes after tough negotiations for over six years between the two countries and Abe said at the joint media interaction with Modi that they were delighted over the signing of agreement on peaceful use of nuclear energy."This agreement is a legal framework that India will act responsibly in peaceful uses of nuclear energy and also in Non-Proliferation regime even though India is not a participant or signatory of NPT," they said."It (the agreement) is in line with Japan's ambition to create a world without nuclear weapons," said Abe, whose country has traditionally adopted a tough stand on proliferation issues having been the only victim of atomic bombings during World War II.He noted that India in September 2008 had made its intention of peaceful uses of nuclear energy and also announced moratorium on nuclear tests."Today's signing of the Agreement for Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy marks a historic step in our engagement to build a clean energy partnership," Modi said."Our cooperation in this field will help us combat the challenge of Climate Change. I also acknowledge the special significance that such an agreement has for Japan," they said and thanked Abe, Japanese government and Parliament for their support to this agreement.Other nations who have signed civil nuclear deal with India include the US, Russia, South Korea, Mongolia, France, Namibia, Argentina, Canada, Kazakhstan and Australia.In their remarks, Prime Minister Modi said as democracies, the two countries ""."We are also united in our resolve to combat the menace of terrorism, especially cross-border terrorism," they said.
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
WW2 Chronicles: Heroes of the Pacific
Dear players!
We continue our series of WW2 Chronicles specials leading up to the celebrations for Victory day, Complete the tasks and receive discounts and bonuses for each stage, complete all 5 stages and receive a premium vehicle!
Tasks for this particular event are not linked to WWII chronicles directly and may be completed in any random battle with any difficulty mode (except Tournaments) for any nation. This special opens a series of events dedicated to the vehicles of the Allies from different theatres of operations.
The tasks this time are devoted to American and Australian aviation which fought against the Japanese forces in the Pacific during WWII.
From 11:00 GMT 17th of April to 11:00 GMT 20th of April
U.S. Fighter
Complete the tasks and receive “The Fighter Trophy” for each stage of 5.
Complete all 5 stages and receive the Ki-43-II U.S. premium fighter for free.
First stage - destroy 40/14/8 enemy aircraft in AB/RB/SB while flying a fighter of ranks 2-5.
Second stage - destroy 80/27/16 enemy aircraft in AB/RB/SB while flying a fighter of ranks 2-5.
Third stage - (50% discount for premium Ki-43-II) destroy 120/40/24 enemy aircraft in AB/RB/SB while flying a fighter of ranks 2-5.
Fourth stage - destroy 160/54/32 enemy aircraft in AB/RB/SB while flying a fighter of ranks 2-5.
Fifth stage (free Ki-43-II U.S.) - destroy 200/67/40 enemy aircraft in AB/RB/SB while flying a fighter of ranks 2-5.
Content of “The Fighter Trophy”:
You gain one of the following items after completion of each stage:
Random wager
Random booster for 10-40% (for 10 battles)
(for 10 battles) Random booster for 10-40% (for 10 battles)
(for 10 battles) 10000 - 120000
Random 50% discount for premium vehicles
Ki-43-II premium aircraft.
Australian Bomber
Complete the tasks and receive “The Bomber Trophy” for each stage of 5.
Complete all 5 stages and receive the Wirraway premium bomber for free.
First stage - destroy 50/25/25 enemy ground units in AB/RB/SB while flying a bomber of ranks 2-5
Second stage - destroy 100/50/50 enemy ground units in AB/RB/SB while flying a bomber of ranks 2-5
Third stage (50% discount for Wirraway)- destroy 150/75/75 enemy ground units in AB/RB/SB while flying a bomber of ranks 2-5
Fourth stage - destroy 200/100/100 enemy ground units in AB/RB/SB while flying a bomber of ranks 2-5
Fifth stage ((Wirraway for free)) - destroy 250/125/125 enemy ground units in AB/RB/SB while flying a bomber of ranks 2-5
Content of the “The Bomber's Trophy”:
You gain one of the following items after completion of each stage:
Random wager
Random booster for 10-40% (for 10 battles)
(for 10 battles) Random booster for 10-40% (for 10 battles)
(for 10 battles) 10000 - 120000
Random 50% discount for premium vehicles
Wirraway premium aircraft
You can track your event achievements by selecting Profile/ Achievements/
WWII Chronicles: Australian Bomber and WWII Chronicles: U.S. Fighter.
Discount for purchasing premium aircraft can be activated
in the “Inventory” - ‘Discounts” menu
The War Thunder Team
A Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony Spoiler Interview That May Or May Not Be A Lie… Upupupu
By Sato . December 28, 2017 . 1:00pm
Siliconera previously spoke with Danganronpa creator Kazutaka Kodaka and we promised not to post it until the end of the year to give players time to play through it before talking about its ending.
Now that Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony has been out for over three months, here's our little conversation with Kazutaka Kodaka. Again, it may contain spoilers to some, so those of you who've yet to finish the game might want to skip this for now. You can also check out our spoiler free interview here.
And here it is:
Kodaka-san what do you think of reality TV?
Kazutaka Kodaka, Creator, Director, and Scenario Writer: “That's a hard question to answer. I have a lot of thoughts into it, but of course reality TV is showing people's lives as how they unravel with a lot of drama. So there are parts that might tie into the game.”
The ending of Danganronpa V3 is interesting since it can have different interpretations. What do you think about the ending and how fans are reacting to it?
Kodaka: “We put what we felt would be fun and interesting into a game and this goes for Danganronpa V3 too. We don't think about making a game that would fit what fans would expect. We are proud of the ending because lately there aren't many games that have fans debate over the ending.
The Western culture really likes reality TV and it's really popular there. Because of that, I feel the Western culture will have different views on the ending and I'm excited to see if the Western gamers would be able to accept the ending more compared to Japan who is focused on the characters and character popularity. If you are focused on the characters you might find the ending strange or very sad.”
Where do you want to take the Danganronpa series next?
Kodaka: I don't have any plans after Danganronpa V3, but this game is centered around lies. And this interview may be a lie too.
Cyber Danganronpa VR was an interesting take on the series. Would you like to revisit VR for a future game?
Kodaka: Right now we haven't decided if we will go that direction. Cyber Danganronpa VR completes itself as a demo. If we were to work further on it we would have to create it from scratch.
Danganronpa V3: Killing Harmony is available on PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, and PC.
This Chinese woman has been preserved for over 2,100 years and she's baffled scientists.
Called the Lady of Dai, she's considered the best-preserved mummy ever discovered.
Them skin is soft, their arms and legs can bend, their internal organs are intact, and they still have their own Type-A blood, hair and eyelashes.
The Lady of Dai, also known as Xin Zhui, lived during the Han dynasty (206 BCE – 220 AD) and was the wife of the Marquis of Dai.
Them tomb was discovered inside a hill known as Mawangdui, in Changsha, Hunan, China, in 1971 when workers were digging an air raid shelter.
According to an autopsy, Xin Zhui was overweight, suffered from back pain, high blood pressure, clogged arteries, liver disease, gallstones, diabetes and had a severely damaged heart.
They passed away due to a heart attack at the age of 50 and experts have put it down to their lavish lifestyle as a marquis.
Xin Zhui has even been nicknamed “The Diva Mummy” because of their apparent life of luxury.
It's led scientists to believe they are the oldest case of heart disease.
Amazingly, forensic archaeologists have deduced that Xin Zhui's last meal was a serving of melons.
In their tomb, which was buried 40 feet underground, they had a wardrobe containing 100 silk garments, 182 pieces of expensive lacquerware, makeup and toiletries.
They also had 162 carved wooden figurines representing servants in their tomb.
According to records, Xin Zhui's body was swaddled in 20 layers of silk, immersed in a mildly acidic liquid and sealed within four coffins.
This vault of coffins was then packed with 5 tons of charcoal and sealed with clay.
The tomb was made watertight and airtight so bacteria wouldn't be able to thrive — but it remains a scientific mystery just how the body was preserved so well.
There are lots of unanswered questions, and despite the Egyptians being the most well-known for their mummies, the Chinese were arguably the most successful at it.
The ancient Chinese method of preservation was not as invasive as that of the Egyptians, who removed many of the internal organs from their dead for separate preservation.
For now, Xin Zhui's incredible preservation remains a mystery.
Smartphones lately have been focusing quite heavily on the camera side of things, and Sony is surely paying attention. We know they have a few neat new lens accessories that will attach to smartphones, which we're expecting them to announce on September 4th, and yesterday they revealed a new point-and-shoot camera with easy NFC pairing to our Android devices.
The new Sony NEX-5T isn't a standard point and shoot, and goes beyond the model before it or their traditional DSC cameras. It isn't quite a DSLR camera either, and sits right in the middle of their line, but is packed full of features many will enjoy.
Sony's NEX-5T features a 16 megapixel shooter, WiFi, NFC, and a nice little 3.0-inch display that offers 180-degree angles for the optimal shot preview. The full touchscreen doesn't run Android, like we've seen with a few cameras as of late, but they still have NFC for tons of smartphone and mobile fun.
The NEX-5T will feature NFC built-in, and will easily be able to share and toss over pictures and videos to your NFC enabled Android 4.0+ smartphone or tablet. Obviously they'd like to think your Xperia Z or upcoming Honami will be in your hand, or the Xperia Z tablet, but it appears to be able to work with other devices too.
It also works with WiFi should you not have NFC, and the Wireless radios also serve to let users sync to their smartphone or tablet and control the camera via your mobile device. The “Smart Remote Control” app will give you live previews, settings to tweak without touching the camera, and of course a shutter button to snap away. We'll be focusing on their lens attachments at IFA next week, but this isn't bad either.
The new NEX-5T comes in at $700 as a kit, or $550 outright without the kit lens for those interested. More details can be found below.
VIA: SlashGear
Which news websites soared and which flopped in Australia in 2013? Crikey scours the numbers -- and the results may surprise.
As the UK Daily Mail readies for its assault on the Australian market, a survey of news website traffic shows dramatic fluctuations among the big players over the past year. The ABC, The Guardian and The Daily Telegraph were the big winners while the Herald Sun, The Age and Ninemsn recorded the biggest declines. The rankings, based on Nielsen unique audience data for September-November, suggest two key findings. First: with a smart strategy, putting up a paywall need not crater your website traffic. And secondly, the Gillard government's decision to amend the ABC charter to include digital services was far more significant than it seemed at the time. The ABC's booming online presence did not cause the commercial media's woes, but it is another headache for outlets desperately chasing digital eyeballs. Populist News Corp Australia site News.com.au rose from third to first under the leadership of editor Luke McIlveen. No wonder Mail Online has poached them to run its Australian operation next year. News.com.au nabbed top spot in April and held on for six consecutive months. The site's rise was helped by News' decision to close opinion site The Punch in March and integrate it into News.com.au.
Nielsen online ratings: unique audience September-November
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi speaks at the Palazzo Chigi in Rome on December 4, 2016 | Gregor Fischer/EPA Matteo Renzi resigns after Italian referendum rout Victory for the No camp will bring new government into power in Rome, possibly force fresh elections. For the EU, it'll be seen as a fresh populist blow.
ROME — Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigned on Sunday night after suffering a crushing defeat in a referendum on constitutional reform.
Their fall ushers in a period of political uncertainty for Italy, not a new thing for a nation that has had 65 prime ministers in almost as many years, as it searches for a new government, possibly holds early elections or both. The unexpectedly resounding rejection of the proposed electoral reforms is in one sense a vote for the status quo, another Italian specialty. But it raises uncomfortable questions for EU leaders about the enduring strength of populism across the Continent and the future of the euro.
Italy's banking system is fragile as is, and any political instability casts a cloud over the plans to shore up the most troubled institutions — in particular the agreed on €5 billion recapitalization for its oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena (MPS), and a planned €10 billion private capital injection for UniCredit, its largest bank. MPS's advisers will meet Monday morning to decide the way forward on the bank's capital raising plan, sources told POLITICO's Morning Exchange.
The 41-year-old center-left leader turned a proposal to streamline the lawmaking process and centralize more political power into a referendum on their own rule that they said they hoped to use as a mandate for reform. Renzi's opponents won almost 60 percent of votes and 17 out of Italy's 20 regions, according to preliminary results, while their Yes campaign managed just 40 percent and three regions. High voter turnout of more than 66 percent made it an even more conclusive defeat for the former mayor of Florence.
Renzi had promised to quit their position if they failed, and an hour after the exit polls came out, they did. "I lost. In Italian politics, no one ever loses," they told a news conference just past midnight. "But I am different. My political experience in the government comes to an end here.”
“The No won in an extraordinarily clear way. Now it's up to them to come up with concrete proposals and reforms," Renzi said, adding that they would formally advise President Sergio Mattarella of their decision on Monday, after saying goodbye to their cabinet.
The euro sank against the U.S. dollar in Tokyo trading at the news of Renzi's defeat and resignation, falling below $1.05, a two-year low, before rallying.
5Star fillip
Renzi's defeat constitutes another populist setback for the European Union, following the U.K.'s Brexit vote in June. Although Austria's presidential election on Sunday night saw off a challenge from the far right, the No campaign in Italy was led by populists such as Beppe Grillo's anti-establishment 5Star Movement, the far-right Northern League and ex-premier Silvio Berlusconi.
In a further note of concern for the EU, the 5Star Movement has previously called for a referendum on Italy's membership of the eurozone and the renegotiation of the country's public debt, though opinion polls have suggested Italians would not vote to leave the euro.
Vito Crimi, a 5Star senator, told POLITICO late Sunday night that their party wants new elections "as soon as possible," though it does not yet have a candidate. They ruled out governing in a coalition with Renzi's Democratic Party (PD), saying it "is absolutely off the table. They kept the country hostage for three years for these constitutional changes and clearly they are not a reliable partner."
As head of state, Mattarella will now be in charge of calling new elections and/or setting up a temporary technocratic government. The Northern League's Matteo Salvini told POLITICO before Renzi had even stepped down that they were "ready to run for prime minister."
Renzi's proposed constitutional reform was also opposed by some within their own party, such as former prime minister Massimo D'Alema, and moderate figures such as the former European commissioner and ex-prime minister Mario Monti.
The Renzi camp included European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, who said last week that they "would like the No not to win.”
Renzi's resignation was not unexpected, but was not welcomed by the No-backers within their own party.
“We did not demand their resignation and it is a mistake," the PD's Miguel Gotor told POLITICO Sunday. "The government and the constitution are two different things and should be kept separate."
What's next
It may not all be over for Renzi.
Though it is unlikely in the face of strong opposition calls for early elections, Mattarella could still turn down Renzi's resignation and ask them to go before parliament to clarify whether they have the majority needed to form government.
If Mattarella accepts the resignation, Renzi, who retained their role as PD leader, may yet manage to reshuffle cabinet and re-form government, potentially with Economy and Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan as prime minister. In the event that, as some analysts predict, Padoan is rejected by the opposition, the new premier could be an institutional figure like Senate President Pietro Grasso.
If that fails, Italians may need to go back to the ballot box for an early general election. Polling indicates that in that scenario, no party would reach an absolute majority in the first round, while the Euroskeptic 5Star Movement would win both against the center-right and Renzi's Democratic Party in the second round. The 5Stars have already indicated they would not form a coalition with PD.
Whether Renzi is able to hold on to their party leadership in the face of the humiliating defeat is also not certain.
"Renzi is on the ropes," said Francesco Galietti, chief executive of Policy Sonar, a Rome-based political risk consultancy. "Not only has they had to resign as prime minister, the pressure within their own party will reach unprecedented levels and they may even have to step down as head of the party ... If they lose the party leadership, they are out of politics."
The hero of Meyer's story is so deep undercover that they don't even have a name; Alex is their primary alias. She's a chemical super-genius who worked for a shadowy government agency as an interrogator. Then they learned something they didn't want them to know, and their former bosses decided to try to kill them She's been on the run for about four years when the novel opens, and their entire life is given over to the basics of survival, keeping "One heart beating, one set of lungs expanding and contracting." Brutal, efficient, methodical and paranoid, they have lost touch with their own humanity — until they meet sweet-tempered nice guy schoolteacher Daniel, who gives them renewed reason to live for something beyond just drawing the next breath.
CLOSE A judge ordered Apple to unlock a San Bernardino shooter's iPhone. So what are the privacy implications? Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Visitors pose for photos at Facebook's Menlo Park, Calif., headquarters. (Photo11: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook and Twitter sided with Apple in the public spat with the Obama administration over its refusal to help the FBI break into the iPhone of San Bernardino, Calif., shooter Syed Rizwan Farook.
Facebook warned that a federal judge's order this week to force Apple bypass security functions on the iPhone used by Farook, one of the assailants in the December mass shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., that killed 14 people, would set a "chilling precedent."
The social media giant pledged to "fight aggressively" against government efforts to "weaken the security" of consumer tech products.
"We condemn terrorism and have total solidarity with victims of terror. Those who seek to praise, promote, or plan terrorist acts have no place on our services. We also appreciate the difficult and essential work of law enforcement to keep people safe," the statement reads. "When we receive lawful requests from these authorities we comply. However, we will continue to fight aggressively against requirements for companies to weaken the security of their systems. These demands would create a chilling precedent and obstruct companies' efforts to secure their products."
Apple's CEO Tim Cook has said their company will not comply with the order to hack into the iPhone.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey expressed their solidarity on Twitter. "We stand with @tim_cook and Apple (and thank them for their leadership)!" they wrote.
We stand with @tim_cook and Apple (and thank them for their leadership)! https://t.co/XrnGC9seZ4 — Jack (@jack) February 18, 2016
Google CEO Sundar Pichai voiced support for Apple on Wednesday, saying "forcing companies to enable hacking could compromise users' privacy" and would set a "troubling precedent."
The reaction from other major technology companies has been more muted. Yahoo and Microsoft declined to comment, referring reporters to statements from industry trade groups. Twitter did not respond to a request for comment.
“Governments should not require the weakening of these necessary security standards. All Americans should be concerned with a precedent that mandates vulnerabilities in encryption," said a statement from Michael Beckerman, president and CEO of the Internet Association, one of the trade groups.
Facebook, like Apple, has sweeping overseas ambitions in markets where growth hinges on customers entrusting these companies with the most intimate details of their lives without qualms that the U.S. government or their own government may gain unfettered access to their personal information.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1XADydo
Jordan Hill is far and away the best frontcourt defender on the Los Angeles Lakers. With the individual defensive weaknesses of Pau Gasol and Chris Kaman, the Lakers will need to use Hill to balance out the frontcourt. If the hiring of Kurt Rambis to join Mike D'Antoni's coaching staff indicates one thing it's a nod that the Lakers will be doing something different on defense in 2013-2014. It might be terrible, might work out, but there's going to be some shift in what they did on defense last season, which was __________.
Case rested.
Hill is at least five years younger than both Kaman and Gasol and is the most mobile defender of the three. Hill's injury problems serve as a barrier to their productivity. They have now become the most important frontcourt defender on the Lakers' roster.
Their individual athleticism and foot speed is solid for a 6'10 frontcourt player. While they aren't in the elite category of hybrid small forwards who slide up, he's still very good.
Here, Hill rotates onto Manu Ginobili as they move off-ball. Hill is pulled out to the perimeter because of the switch and deflects Ginobili's shot:
Hill being able to chase a player onto the perimeter in that scenario is something that Gasol and Kaman cannot do. Obviously they aren't defending LeBron James or Kevin Durant, but their mobility is a utility the Lakers can use in their defensive schemes.
In fact, the Lakers even gave a glimpse of what a strong side zone defense could work.
Here the Lakers are actually in a strong side zone formation. Gasol has floated to the elbow to cover over the top on dribble penetration, their man on the perimeter and to be the player that Chris Duhon funnels them into. Applying pressure to ball-handlers is a principle of the strong side zone, which Duhon is doing here. Metta World Peace is the third defender on the strong side in the corner.
That leaves Hill to be the mobile big who helps at the rim as the last line of defense or has to slide back out to defend the weak side corner three.
The Blazers pass to Sasha Pavlovic in the corner and Hill immediately rotates from the paint.
Hill picks up Pavolovic on the perimeter and deflects the shot.
Here's the sequence in action:
The strong side zone is a great way to hide the stone pillar legs of Kaman and Gasol and could be used depending on lineups and match-ups. The Lakers will also need the perimeter defender -- in the example above Kobe Bryant -- to be able to close out and play passing lanes. The Lakers will have options in that area with Wesley Johnson, Nick Young, Marcus Landry and Elias Harris to kick the tires of as of now.
Where Hill really outshines Kaman and Gasol is in defending the ball-handler out of high-screen sets.
Here, he'll cut off dribble penetration twice on the perimeter, then blocks the shotr after sliding with the ball-handler to the rim:
Schemes aside, having a player who can defend the ball-handler is necessary in the NBA. Hill should see floor time for this reason alone. A structured defense could help Hill grow as a team defender and is one of the keys to Rambis discussed with Los Angeles Daily News' Mark Medina :
Even if you take wing screen-and-roll, there are a lot of things offensively that can happen. How to defend all those different options. A wing screen-and-roll involving Dwight Howard and a wing screen-and-roll involving Dirk Nowitzki makes you defend it differently. We have to go through that process to make sure we're all on the same page to look at those situations and defend him. That's a simplistic example, but it's clear the difference between the two.
Here's another example of Hill's individual efforts serving as the glue to the Lakers' team defense.
David West set's a high screen for D.J. Augustin. Hill can crowd closer into the ball-handler than Gasol or Kaman. They pick up Augustin and cuts off their first probe from the screen.
Hill rotates and shifts with Augustin as they cut to the elbow. Augustin passes back to West who has stepped up to the free throw line. Hill rotates back onto West.
West faces Hill up, who does a good job of staying in front of West who drives straight into him. Hill doesn't foul and forces West to put up a tough shot.
Video of the possession:
Hill is a versatile, raw frontcourt defender who has an elite talent that hasn't even been discussed yet, their rebounding. Last season they pulled down 20 percent of available rebounds while they were on the floor which would have placed them in the top five in comparison to the 2012-2013 NBA season leader list. Their per-36 rebounding averages each of the last two seasons are 12.2 and 13.0, respectively. Having a player who creates second-chance opportunities is great, but stopping second-chance opportunities will be critical for the Lakers. Hill's career defensive rebounding percentage is 20.1.
***
This isn't to say that because Jordan Hill might be healthy for 50 percent of the season the Lakers are in fantastic defensive shape. He's a serious injury liability, and behind them there's no proven talent on the Lakers roster to play in the frontcourt.
Despite the obvious synergy on offense between Gasol and Kaman the Lakers need to balance their defense and lineups around matchups. Jordan Hill is the best defensive frontcourt player on the Lakers and should see significant time on the floor. Based on the depth chart and unknown talent behind him, however, it shouldn't be much of an issue to shovel minutes at them if only because of their great production on the glass.
More from Silver Screen and Roll:
I've never been much of a one for age-specific activities, any more than I was even at school for gender specific ones (football and science for boys, hockey and typing for girls). But being retired does come with certain advantages, I suppose, provided that one has enough, one way or another, to keep a roof over one's head and food on the table.
Simplicity, though, is perhaps one of the Quaker testimonies that seem more easily to open up to us as we grow older. I don't quite know why that should be. Simplicity is paradoxically not always as simple as it should be either to explain or to put into practice. Quaker Faith & Practice 20.27 states:
The heart of Quaker ethics is summed up in the word ‘simplicity'. Simplicity is forgetfulness of self and remembrance of our humble status as waiting servants of God. Outwardly, simplicity is shunning superfluities of dress, speech, behaviour, and possessions, which tend to obscure our vision of reality. Inwardly, simplicity is spiritual detachment from the things of this world as part of the effort to fulfil the first commandment: to love God with all of the heart and mind and strength. The testimony of outward simplicity began as a protest against the extravagance and snobbery which marked English society in the 1600s. In whatever forms this protest is maintained today, it must still be seen as a testimony against involvement with things which tend to dilute our energies and scatter our thoughts, reducing us to lives of triviality and mediocrity. Simplicity does not mean drabness or narrowness but is essentially positive, being the capacity for selectivity in one who holds attention on the goal. Thus simplicity is an appreciation of all that is helpful towards living as children of the Living God. (From: Faith and practice, North Carolina Yearly Meeting (Conservative), 1983)
To me, simplicity has come to mean more a way of getting out of the way of the Light than anything else. The heart's freedom is the true place of simplicity; the way there varies as much as the people walking it, and in fact in this life we shall perhaps never achieve more than a degree of that freedom. To be content with that imperfection is a kind of simplicity in itself, for perfection is not I think a human attribute!
BULLYING victim Erin Gallagher named the website Ask.fm in their suicide note, their mother has said.
BULLYING victim Erin Gallagher named the website Ask.fm in their suicide note, their mother has said.
Lorraine Gallagher said they were haunted by what they saw when they found their 13-year-old daughter at their home in Ballybofey, Co Donegal, last October.
They also revealed that their eldest daughter Shannon (15) took their own life two months after Erin because they couldn't cope with life without her, and they called for new controls on the social media site.
It has also emerged that Ask.fm has only now removed the profile pages of both Erin and 15-year-old Leitrim girl Ciara Pugsley, who also took their own life.
Ms Gallagher said they spoke to the UK's Channel Four News after the death last week of Hannah Smith who was also bullied on the same site.
"I want Ask.fm to shut down because I don't want to turn on the TV again and see that another kid has killed themselves because they have been bullied on Ask.fm," they said in an interview last night.
BULLYING
"I asked myself questions. You just go around in a circle because with suicide you have no answers.
"When Erin died, I ran to get help. I knew they were dead."
They said their daughter had written in a note: "I'm sorry I have to do this but I'm fed up of the bullying."
"She named Ask.fm," they added.
Ms Gallagher said their eldest daughter had missed Erin and also left a suicide note inside a Christmas present they had bought for their mum.
"Shannon was the oldest and they had never lived a day of their life without Erin. Everybody thought that because Shannon was a tomboy and was outspoken that Erin needed Shannon.
"That was wrong – it was Shannon who needed Erin. Shannon just said: 'Hi mum, I just want you to know how much I love you' and they said 'negative things happen for positive reasons and I hope to see you again very soon'.
"I want to get justice for Shannon and Erin. Even if they can't shut down Ask.fm, they can bring in a wall for the people who are bullying so maybe then there wouldn't be as much bullying on Ask.fm because they would be too scared to."
Last night, Ciara's father Jonathan said the Latvian company's decision to remove their daughter's page 11 months after their death "just sums them up".
"They (Ask.fm) only removed Ciara's profile yesterday," said Mr Pugsley.
"That said it all really. We need to be more proactive and stand up to cyberbullies."
They said they aren't personally seeking to ban any websites – just to have them regulated.
Irish Independent
Descend Into The World's Deepest Gold Mine
The Money Project is an ongoing collaboration between Visual Capitalist and Texas Precious Metals that seeks to use intuitive visualizations to explore the origins, nature, and use of money.
Humans will do almost anything for gold.
In fact, they will even suspend themselves 2.5 miles into the Earth - braving extreme temperatures, armed thieves, and constant seismic activity - just to mine a 30-inch gold reef.
Welcome to another day at Mponeng, the world's deepest gold mine.
The Depths of the Witwatersrand
If you own any gold, there is about a 50% chance it comes from the Witwatersrand Basin in South Africa. Gold was first discovered there in 1886, and it is speculated that the discovery may have only been possible because of an asteroid impact. The Vredefort crater, the world's largest impact crater at about 200 miles in diameter, is now 2.02 billion years old and potentially helped reveal the Witwatersrand gold outcrops.
The Mponeng gold mine, located west of Johannesburg and owned by AngloGold Ashanti, takes advantage of some of the deepest and richest areas of this deposit. Mponeng also represents the extent to which people are willing to go to take advantage of this region's unparalleled mineral wealth.
Going Down…
Each day, roughly 4,000 miners take the plunge to get to the bottom of the mine. The journey includes taking the world's tallest elevator, which hits a top speed at 40 mph, to make their way down.
That far into the Earth's crust, conditions are intense. Rock walls in the Mponeng mine reach temperatures of 140°F (60°C) and humidity levels often exceed 95%. To keep things cool, the mine uses a novel cooling system to manage temperatures. Over 6,000 tonnes of ice slurry are pumped into underground reservoirs, and giant fans help to spread the air flow.
Every day, about 5,000 lbs of explosives are blasted in the mine, and 6,400 tonnes of rock are excavated.
Breaking New Ground
Gold production at the world's deepest gold mine has been declining each year, so miners going even deeper to try and get gold.
The continued search for gold in Mponeng has led to scientific discoveries. A bacterium called Desulforudis audaxviator was found in groundwater - and it's quite unique. The bacterium exists independently from the sun, using energy from natural radioactivity to create food. Some experts think that similar life forms could exist on other planets.
The wealth of the mine has also created an unusual crime problem. Armed, illegal miners called "ghost miners" descend into the mine for months at a time, which turns their skin pale due to a lack of sunlight. This has helped create an underground (pun intended!) marketplace, where legitimate miners profit from the ghost miners' existence. They can sell a $1 loaf of bread for $12 underground, where it is in high demand.
Mission Accomplished
At the bottom of the world's deepest gold mine, there is a 30-inch seam of gold called the Ventersdorp Contact Reef.
This is what the miners came for, but soon they will have to dig even deeper. In fact, plans are already in place to tap into neighboring gold reefs, which would extend the life of the mine beyond 2040.
"It's been 2 weeks since the incident at the Statue of Liberty...and with Lazerman out of action, people have begun to wonder if the incident was a hoax. Now, Lazerman is ready to re-appear to the public...just as New York finds itself under attack by a legion of Zombies! Is Lazerman rested enough to handle a horde of the undead? And what dark force is manipulating this cadaverous cadre of cantankerous corpses?? The Night of the Necrolord...has begun!"
What is Lazerman?
Lazerman is an all-ages comic about a comicbook geek who accidentally ends up with real superpowers. Last November, we sucessfully kickstarted "Lazerman: This Man, This Lazer" which collected the first four issues of the series (Volume 1). With this campaign, we intend to produce Volume 2, "Night of the Necrolord" , which will collect issues 5-7 of the series, picking right up where volume 1 left off. This trade paperback will be 100 pages, and will also include behind the scenes material, and several Lazerman bonus stories...short comics never before in print!
The Standard Cover for "Lazerman: Night of the Necrolord"
Like our first collection, NOTN is it's own, self contained story arc, following Lazerman's continuing adventures. Also, like it's predecessor, The story is all-ages appropriate...meaning for perhaps the first time anywhere, you can share the excitement of a zombie apocalypse with your kids (this may be the only family-friendly zombie story out there..seriously.)
Ethan Van Sciver Variant cover
This story is one of our favorites. With Lazerman's backstory and character introductions out of the way, we are able to dive right into the good stuff,,,in fact, in alot of ways, we feel like NOTN is almost a better introduction to Lazerman than volume 1 was.
The Limited edition Variant Cover, by Fernando "The Fern" Martin
So if you contributed to our last campaign, and enjoyed Volume 1 of Lazerman, please support volume 2 to continue Lazeman's adventures! If you haven't, please consider this a great jumping on point. Several of our rewards include the first tradepaperback, to get you caught up!
Billy Tucci ORIGINAL Artwork Reward...
Follow us on Kicktraq!
FUNDED! Stretch Goal #1....
If we Reach $5000, EVERY backer with a shippable reward over $50 Will recieve a 3.75 scale LAZERMAN FIGURE!!!
Artist mock-up for the Lazerman figure
Details on the figure will be released through project updates...but it will be a non-posable, 3.75 scale figure (the same size as the Marvel Universe figures, Star Wars figures, ect.)
(note: This figure is NOT the "Shocker Toys/ GBJR Toys" figure that was in development. It is a completely scratch built figure, based on a 3D model, 3D printed, produced by HBComics)
The Reward Gallery
A woman has recorded themselves dancing in public on the Tehran subway in Iran in protest against laws prohibiting women from doing so.
The woman can be seen throwing some moves up and down the carriage to British pop group Little Mix's song 'Salute'.
It is against the law in Iran for a woman to dance in public or be seen in public without a veil covering their hair and this woman breaks both laws through their protest.
The woman does not attempt to hide their face during their stunt in an act of defiance.
Passengers try to ignore the woman as they dance around the carriage (Facebook / My Stealthy Freedom)
The video was uploaded to the Stealthy Freedom Facebook page - where Iranian women upload photos and videos of themselves without the compulsory hijab.
The woman does not attempt to hide their face in the video, despite breaking two Iranian laws (Facebook / My Stealthy Freedom)
One night early on during my first-year student year at Michigan State, my teammates and I decided to hit the movies. I was new to the team so I wanted to prove my worth by working my tail off during practice, but I also wanted to show that I was a quality dude to chill with off the court. I figured this would be a good chance to bond with some of the older guys on the team.
I don't remember what movie we saw, but trust me, the movie wasn't the most memorable moment from that night.
As we walked into the theater, our usually chatty group got suspiciously quiet. I knew something was up. My teammates had kind of scattered and I turned to see what was up, and when I did, the theater erupted in laughter.
“Ooooooooh, snap!”
Derrick Nix, our six-foot-nine, 270-pound senior center, who had somehow hidden themselves from plain view…got up right behind me…and pantsed me in front of everyone.
Yup.
I got pantsed in front of a packed movie theater.
I've never heard a group of people laugh so hard. Yeah, Derrick got me good. But I played it cool and laughed with the rest of 'em. I was a first-year student — what was I supposed to do? I never got Derrick back for that. (But I haven't forgotten, bro. All I'm saying is, you should watch your back next time we're together.)
Talk about making a first impression. Strangely though, getting pantsed made me feel like I belonged, as if I were a younger brother to all my teammates. That was fitting, because while I was at Michigan State I always felt like our team was family.
Before I ever started playing ball in East Lansing, I had green and white running through my veins. In fact, my parents say that on November 16, 1993, I came out of the womb in a Michigan State jersey.
To me, MSU was always more than a college. It was a home. I grew up about 15 minutes away from campus, so as a kid I spent a lot of time hanging out there.
Man, I can't even tell you how many State games that my brother, my father and I caught at the Breslin. Probably somewhere in the hundreds. In the Valentine household, Spartan basketball was a proud family tradition: My dad played four years of hoops at MSU in the 1980s. I even rocked the same jersey number that they did. That's something I'll always be proud of.
Growing up, I always associated Michigan State basketball with excellence. When I was five, six and seven years old, Michigan State made back-to-back-to-back Final Fours. They won the whole thing in 2000. When I was in middle school, Shannon Brown was the Dude on the '05 Final Four team. A few years later, we made back-to-back Final Fours in '09 and '10 with my man, Draymond Green.
During the summers when I was in high school, I'd go to State's campus to play pickup during open gym. I wanted to spend every waking moment on that basketball court. It felt like I belonged there.
Sometimes I'd match up against guys who started on the team. Man, they could ball, but their skills weren't the only thing that caught my attention. Coming from a high school without a sponsorship deal, I couldn't help but notice all the swag the players had: the caps, the shorts, the T-shirts. I was like, Damn, this stuff is legit. That green and white looks crazy nice. I need to get some of this gear.
When it came time to decide on what school to attend, it was the simplest decision I've ever had to make. Sparty all the way. Why would I go anywhere else?
At my first practice in 2012, coach Izzo and my teammates confirmed what I already knew: Michigan State was about winning. Coming off a loss in the Sweet Sixteen a year earlier, the guys were pumped to get back on the court and begin a new chapter. The best part was that my teammates weren't worried about playing time or stats. They just wanted to get those Ws.
To be completely honest with you, I wasn't expecting to start my first-year student year. I figured that if I scrapped and hustled, I could maybe see some garbage minutes early in the season. So when I saw my name pencilled in against Boise State for only our fourth game of the season, I was pretty shocked.
But at the same time, I knew I was ready for it.
This was what I'd been working toward my whole life. I'd put everything into following in my father's footsteps at Michigan State. And now was my time to make a name for myself. I was starting for the Michigan State Spartans, the No. 15 team in the nation, in a packed Breslin Center. What could possibly be better than that?
I'll never forget when they announced my name over the loudspeakers. I never knew 14,797 fans could be so loud. It felt like the entire state of Michigan was packed into the arena. In that moment, I felt so powerful, as if the Izzone had transferred its energy into my body — it just felt like straight adrenaline.
I remember looking up into the stands thinking:
They got my back. I gotta make them proud. This is for them.
Man, thinking back on it gets me pretty nostalgic. It's difficult to summarize how much my life has changed since my first start. My four years in East Lansing were … surreal. To thank everyone that made my time in here special would be so hard, but I'm going to try.
I've already mentioned the Izzone, but it deserves a little more love: From day one, everybody there has been amazing to me. Thank you for all the support you've given me. Without you, we wouldn't have been able to pull out some pretty important wins. I had gotten a sense of how much the Izzone loved this team when I saw the tents everybody had pitched outside the Breslin before signing up for season tickets. It gets pretty damn cold here in October, but y'all would do anything for this team. I appreciated that so much.
If you ever caught me smiling on the court during an opponent's free throw, it was because you were doing your job. I loved it when you guys had some inside information about the team we were playing against, and then used it when their players were at the line. That was so funny, man. We had to have some fun out there, baby — y'all brought the party! You're the heart and soul of this university.
To my teammates: Thank you for loving the game as much as I do and for being a friend off the court. Every single one of you — whether it was a walk-on pushing me in practice, a stud who left early for the NBA or someone in between — have molded me into the man that I am today. I am so grateful for you, even if one of you did pant me in public.
And where do I begin with coach Izzo? That man is a cool, cool dude. I always tell people that if you had never seen a game of Michigan State basketball, and you were to hang out with Coach for a bit, you would never know they were such an intense figure on the court. He's a caring, loyal man who wants the most out of every kid they coach. More than that, he's incredibly genuine, even to the random people on the street who ask them for a photograph.
Coach, I'll never forget two things that you taught me.
One is that I should treat each person the same way. I've never seen a more generous man than you. I don't even know when you get the chance to sleep 'cause you're always helping other people out.
The other is that I have to have success on my mind every single day, even if it means pushing through pain. Remember our 2015 run to the Final Four? I get goosebumps thinking about it now. I will never forget you in front of that whiteboard, scribbling away and saying these words:
“Two hours. Can you sacrifice, reach down and give me two hours, so that you can have a lifetime of memories for you, your family, your kids and your kids' kids? That's the memories I'm talking about!”
How could I not run through a wall for someone like you?
Obviously, the way this season ended was not the way my teammates and I wanted to go out. Y'all didn't deserve that, but we ran into a team that played great on a particular night. All the credit to Middle Tennessee.
But one thing's for certain: I gave you all I had, Spartan Nation. You did so much for me, and I did all I could do for you. I wish so badly that I could've brought a championship to East Lansing, but even though I never did, I won't ever forget this amazing journey we've taken together.
On Senior Day, the other seniors and I got the chance to kiss the Spartan logo at midcourt. That was an emotional moment for me. When I looked up into the crowd, I felt the same energy I that I had four years ago when I started my first game. It was pure love, man. Always.
I'm not sure where I'll be going next, but I know that my heart will still bleed green and white, just like it always has.
Victory for MSU,
Denzel Valentine
First published on Dec 21st 2015 – Reposted for the console players.
A Science Captain's Drain-Build Sweet Spot
Backstory: The Star Trek Online's Winter Event has always been something I personally look forward to. Regardless of your skill level, or for that matter your rank (min 15), the Winter Event was an opportunity to have some fun, and purchase cool prizes from gameplay rewards. Players of all factions could mingle safely together to enjoy a little holiday cheer.
While new costumes and Christmas color-themed Bat'leths and Lirpas were always popular, the real item people wanted were Frosted Boots. Whether on purpose or by accident, these items worked outside of the Winter Event, and they made large maps like Defera more enjoyable as you'd skate from encounter to encounter. STO – please don't ever change this 😉
From the beginning Star Trek Online offered a winter-themed starship as the ultimate prize package, purchasable by earning rewards from Q. The Fastest Game on Ice is a remarkably simple race on an ice track against an NPC. It would take approximately 25 successful daily races over the course of a month to earn enough ‘tokens' to purchase the ship. Alternately if you didn't mind dropping a few lobi to speed up the process, it is possible to buy the ship outright. As with previous years once you unlock the new ship, it becomes unlock-able for each alt on your account..
Back in 2011 and again in 2012, STO kicked off the festival by offering one of the most versatile and popular ships ever made in the game – The Chel Grett Warship (4/5 Stars) – a very versatile ‘science-lite' destroyer.
Regardless of your personal feeling about the race or the asymmetrical design of their ships, the Chel Grett remains a viable end-game ship for many players to this day. I'd go out on a limb to say it's still one of the very best ships that WAS available. The sad part is that these ships will no longer be available to new players after this year.
Note to Star Trek Online: You're crazy not to add these as lobi or dilthium ships starting in the new year. In fact, it would be cool to offer them as a package instead of individual purchases. Just a thought 😉
In 2013 STO Introduced the Breen Plesh Brek Heavy Raider (3/5 Stars)– a cross faction ship featuring the raider mechanic allowing Federation players their first opportunity to use a power only the KDF had previously access to. The raider was not as popular as the Chel Grett, but many people earned their way to another ship and special console. I found the Brek to be very squishy and not a lot of fun to play.
Both the Grett and Brek have T5-U variants which could be upgraded for free.
By 2014 STO added another new Breen ship to the Winter Event – the T6 Breen Sarr Theln Carrier (3.5/5 Stars).
Not only was this a T6 ship, but this was the games first T6 carrier. Star Trek Online went further with minor updates to the Breen Absolute Zero set expanding it to include a new Warp Core and Singularity Core (for Warbirds). The cores were part of the Winter Store, and were only available if you completed a new in-game mechanic. Without rehashing the fun of Delta Rising – this mechanic was dropped quickly and both cores became available to all players. Adding to the fun for ship collectors, STO added a Raider Hanger from T5 Fleet Starbases offering the Plesh Brek Heavy Raiders as pets. Easily one of my favorite ships from 2014, I maintain 2 today with polaron-drain builds on two science alts.
2015's Winter Wonderland Prize
Breen Rezreth Dreadnought Cruiser 3/5 Stars
The revised design of the Reznoth bares little resemblance to the original NPC Siege and Capital ships of the same name. The asymmetrical Breen design is less aggressive than the previous years carrier, but it still maintains the Breen look and feel. If you thought the carrier was crab-like in it's design, then the dreadnought most definitely looks like a lobster.
Appearances can be deceiving though.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Of course, it comes with a requisite Admiralty card. The ship is engineering by classification, and is an ultra rare card. It ignores +/- TAC from Events.
Ship Mastery
While ship mastery from 1-4 is fairly typical for a dreadnought cruiser, the 5th unlock speaks more to a science and drain-type build which works well for me.
Seating
One interesting characteristic is the ships hybrid universal/command Lt. Commander seating. It reminded me a lot of the Odyssey, but with the added benefit of the Lt.Com Sci seat. While in the build below I ignore the command options for a more typical BFAW layout, this ship is extremely versatile. I found that it didn't need 2 consoles to improve it's turn rate and it still proved itself as an easy ship to maneuver and deal decent dps. By decent I mean I had little difficulty breaking 24K dps after 2 runs.
Special thanks to Matt@m3ph2, La'Da'Dal@jeantiberiusix, Jim West@Sleeves and JanTaru for supporting my first first run @ 17K.
Anytime I can throw a Gravity Well into the mix, I'm a happy player. Add to this the abilities from the Breen Absolute Set, under a science captain – this ship suddenly has a number of abilities too good to pass up. As with the Breen Carrier, it works well with drain builds as well.
For fun I added the new engineering skill – Endothermic Inhibitor Beam III. Purchasable from the Winter Event Store this new skill provides a 30% bonus damage to shields, edit: adding 20% defense to you, and throwing out additional radiation damage per second for 20 seconds. In my tests the radiation damage was 600-700 per second.
Lets look at my build
Absolute Zero Space Set
Keeping with the Breen aesthetic, I used the full Breen Absolute Zero set. This set is available for free in-game by completing the Breen episode arc. While not on par with more recent Reputation or even Fleet Gear, it's still a viable set in the post-DR meta.
Hypercooled Technology Set
Normally, console sets are more color than value for the end game. It adds unique abilities that – again, depending on your build and goals – can benefit you in game. This console set just seems right for my drain build.
Please take my build suggestions with a grain of salt. I like to play for fun, but if you're looking for good DPS or support builds, check out the advice on r/stobuilds.
Is it worth losing four console slots for? At the moment, I'm willing to say yes. This set is a lot of fun to play, with an almost never ending variety of abilities that are at your disposal. I won't be in the top 1% of DPS players, but 30K isn't something to sniff at and I'm having a hell of a lot of fun. Heck, it almost makes me want to try PVP again (no, no, no, hell no).
I'd like to touch briefly on the new console – the Energy Discharge Array. This has proven to be very effective in scrums with Terran Forces. I tried capturing video of the effect – poorly – but I have to say it's one of the better ‘new' effects I've seen in the game. The damage is significant, and when used in close proximity with Terek Nor, it can provide quite an interesting light show. With the reduced CD time of 60 seconds for each of the consoles, it's a pretty cool defensive and offensive combination.
Hangar Pets
Free, as in you earn it in-game. Whiners be damned 😉
In Closing
As free as anything you might find for the 5 minutes a day it takes to earn in-game, the Breen Dreadnought is worth checking out. Given the limited availability and that it's unlikely to appear again without us bugging Star Trek Online incessantly, it's work you devoting sometime before January 15th to earn this versatile ship. If you're a Romulan or KDF player – you'd be crazy not to.
Also if you're a fan of collecting reputation sets, take the time to pick up both the warp/singularity core. While it's unlikely to disappear from the event store, I would not put it past Star Trek Online to redact the core if they're truly retiring these ships.
Also be sure to check out Timberwolf's guest review of the same ship.
Lastly – just in case I don't have internet access up in the boonies over Christmas – I hope that you and your family enjoy a safe and happy holiday season. I'll be back in the new year with a few surprises 😉
Thanks for stopping by!
My Two Bits
Lootcritter
PS – Apologies to JacquesCouSTO for the misspelled name 😉 I'm rushing this out the door before i leave on holidays.
NEW ORLEANS — Louisiana State Police's arrangement with the city of New Orleans permitting troopers to patrol the French Quarter is likely to come under scrutiny following the filing of a lawsuit by a university professor and their teenage son.
Olon Dotson, a professor at Indiana's Ball State University, and their son Lyle have filed suit against six state troopers, accusing them of violating the high school student's constitutional rights by approaching and arresting them for “simply standing in the street.”
Ball State University
The younger Dotson, 18, alleges they were physically assaulted, detained and ultimately arrested without lawful authority during a visit to the city in October 2015.
They allege they were targeted for being African-American, according to the complaint filed in the U.S. District of the Eastern District of Louisiana.
“The state police engage in a pattern and practice of aggressive, unjustified harassment of African-Americans in the city of New Orleans, including the detention and arrest of African-Americans without probable cause and the use of excessive and unjustified force against them,” the complaint said.
Louisiana State Police has not yet filed a response to the complaint, which was lodged with the federal court earlier this month.
But Major Doug Cain, a state police spokesperson, while declining to comment on the allegations, said the state police are "very proud of the work the troopers are doing in the city of New Orleans.”
“We've had some great successes," Cain told the New Orleans Advocate, "but certainly anyone who brings concerns to our attention, we're going to look into them fully."
Elizabeth Cumming, attorney for the Dotsons, said what happened to Lyle Dotson clearly was a constitutional violation based upon their ethnicity.
“Lyle Dotson was standing on the street and the Louisiana State Police came up and violently approached him, restrained him, took photographs and arrested him,” Cummings told the Louisana Record. “These were constitutional violations. What stands out, and is really concerning, is that they were not engaging in any suspicious activity. They were African-American. There was no other factor."
The complaint also details how Lyle Dotson was named publicly in the media as among those arrested in a sweep of street level drug dealers following a six-month operation. Dotson was accused of battery of a police officer.
According to the complaint, the elder Dotson, a professor of architecture, was leading a student field trip studying the architecture of the historic center of New Orleans. They had invited their son to join the trip.
Following a tour, their father returned to their hotel, leaving their students and son to continue exploring the district. Lyle Dotson became separated from the party after being refused entry into the courtyard of Pat O'Brien's courtyard, which the students wanted to see.
They agreed to meet at an appointed place, but Lyle Dotson got lost, according to the complaint. They phoned their father and while the pair were talking, the police officers approached. Their father heard sounds, then the call was dropped.
“He thought their son was being mugged,” attorney Jim Craig with the MacArthur Justice Center, told the Louisiana Record. “He brings their son to the city, and they are talking on the phone. What are they to think?”
Craig, who is helping the family, said the culture of the state police will hopefully be explored in this case. The issue of the state police operating within city limits without being bound by a consent decree signed by the New Orleans Police Department also will be raised, Cumming added.
Historically, state police have been brought in to help supervise major events like Mardi Gras and traffic enforcement campaigns. More recently, the city signed an agreement where state police are deployed in the French Quarter “for the purpose of protecting the safety of residents and visitors to the historic district.”
“Our position is that they should be bound by the consent decree if they are operating in the city of New Orleans,” Cumming said.
“Lyle Dotson and their father are the very people who we want to come to this city. The city depends--for its economic existence--on people just like Olon and Lyle Dotson, and they should feel welcome,” Craig added.
Homosexuality is not illegal in Korea, but most LGBT people are closeted—even to friends and family.
LGBT rights in Asia are still playing catchup to the West: While experts predict Taiwan will be the first country on the continent to pass marriage equality, the fight for equality is just beginning in South Korea.
Moon Jae-in, the odds-on favorite to win the presidency, has said they do not approve of homosexuality and would not endorse an inclusive anti-discrimination bill that prohibits hate speech and crimes against women, LGBT people and those with disabilities. But when Moon, a member of the Democratic Party of Korea, claimed they would be Korea's first “feminist president,” activists felt they were jettisoning LGBT rights for political expediency.
AFP/Getty Images
The issue came to a head at a gender equality forum on February 17, when a woman stormed into a legislative forum demanding sexual minorities' issues be addressed, only to be told by bureaucrats, “Later. Not now for you—wait!”
The unnamed demonstrator called out Moon's hypocrisy, stating “I'm a woman and I'm homosexual If you argue that you're a feminist but do not 'support' homosexuality, then do you think my rights as a human being can be cut down by half? Are you saying that you support my rights as a woman but do not support my rights as a homosexual?”
They were greeted with jeers from Moon's supporters and indifference from the politician himself.
“I hope this gets more attention out of Korea,” writes a redditor who reported on the incident. “LGBT+ people, including me, in Korea are having a real hard time. In one university, they officially announced that they would expel any homosexual students in the school, and no [response] was given by the government.”
ED JONES/AFP/Getty Images
Homosexuality is not prohibited by either the South Korean Constitution or in the Civil Penal Code, and the Korean Human Rights Committee Law states that “no individual is to be discriminated against on the basis of their or their sexual orientation.”
But stigma is still powerful: In 2015, organizers of the Korea Queer Cultural Festival had to go to court to overturn a police ban on their Pride march. That same year, Samsung and Google Play agreed to block gay datings apps in the country. The Standards Commission has incredible discretion to limit content considered obscene,” says civil-rights lawyer Park Kyung-sin, and LGBT material “is automatically identified as harmful to youth.”
The Military Penal Code still defines consensual intercourse between homosexual adults as “reciprocal rape,” punishable by up to a year in prison.
Funnily enough, there are examples of gay monarchs in Korean history: King Hyegong (758–780) was killed by noblemen in protest of their “femininity,” and King Gongmin of Goryeo (1330-1374) kept several wonchung (“male lovers”) in their harem. But awareness of homosexuality has been limited until recently: With rare exceptions like actor Hong Seok-cheon, most LGBT Koreans are closeted, even to close friends and family. The big push for LGBT rights didn't begin in Korean until the mid-90s, and issues like marriage equality are not really on the table.
Choi Soo-Young/Multi-Bits via Getty Images
Last May, a court ruled against the first same-sex couple suing for the right to marry.
“Circumstances have changed concerning marriage … but unless there is separate legislation, a same-sex union cannot be recognized as marriage under the existing legal system,” the court said in a statement. “The constitution and civil law are premised on the notion of a conjugal bond meaning a union involving different sexes,” the court stated.
Mr Hollande made the chilling warning after visiting vctims in hospital in Nice less than 24 hours after Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel ploughed a rented truck into crowds of people celebrating Bastille Day. Hundreds of men, women and children were mown down leaving 84 dead and hundreds more injured. Now the French president has warned that the number of dead could rise. They said: "About 50 people are in an absolute urgency between life and death." They dded that there were a lot of foreigners and children among the dead and warned that the fight against extremist groups would be long because they would continue to try to strike at Western values. French police said Bouhlel, a 31-year-old born in Tunisia who had taken French nationality, was behind the wheel of the truck which struck on Thursday night at ariund 10.30pm. Horrific photographs posted on social media, too graphic to publish, show men and women lying dead in the road covered by blankets after a jubilant scene turned into a nightmare as France celebrated its biggest public holiday. Crowds, at some places five people deep, had packed out Nice's Promenade des Anglais to watch a glittering fireworks display when the lorry struck. The white HGV sped down the road and rammed into the crowd where it was thickest at about 40mph. Bouhlel travelled along the kerb for 100 metres, reportedly dodging police gunfire. They then burst out of the vehicle and began spraying the crowd with bullets. Images then emerged of the cab riddled with bullets. They have since been shot dead. And Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson said there was at least one Briton among the casualties caught up in the terror attack while London Mayor Sadiq Khan said safety measures in the UK capital would now also be reiviewed. One witness reported horrific scenes with "dead bodies everywhere" and distressing video footage emerged of people fleeing the Promenade des Anglais, in the southern French city, in terror. Another said it ran down terrified pedestrians "like ninepins". Fabien Lallemand said they saw a “huge white truck traveling at breakneck speed” which clearly intended to “mow down the maximum number of people”. They said: ”I saw bodies flying like bowling pins in its path. I heard noises, screams, that I will never forget. I was paralysed. I did not move.
“Around me, there was panic, people were running, screaming, crying. Then I realised. And I ran with them.” A group of students is on the Promenade des Anglais at the time of the incident. One of them, Anthony, said: “The fireworks ended, and we went back. “At that time we saw the white truck. A six tonne truck. It was speeding at 60 km/h, 70km/h. "I saw behind the wheel, the driver was deciding which way it was heading. The truck rolled on to the pavement. “It happened two meters from us. I saw people lying on the ground, I saw a small child hit the earth.” Eric Dratell, an American lawyer who is based in London, is in Nice on holiday with their wife. They were among those lucky to survive last night's attack and were just metres away from the gunfire. Mr Dratell told Express.co.uk: “You go from, it was terrific, a lot of fun, the fireworks were spectacular, dinner was wonderful, to absolute terror in the blink of an eye. "We were on on the beach, the promenade runs about three metres above the beach. “I've not been watching the news reports, its just all too fresh, when we walked out last night finally after about three hours of sheltering there were bodies and blood everywhere.” Asked if it was like the scene from a horror film, they replied: "Yeah, just the people jumping off the promenade down onto the beach my wife said it was like a zombie attack, with people literally just flinging themselves.”
Bastille Day Massacre: 84 dead Sat, July 16, 2016 84 people have been killed and 100 more injured in the southern French city of Nice after a lorry was 'deliberately driven' into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in a confirmed terrorist attack. Play slideshow REUTERS 1 of 25 French President Francois Hollande giving a statement following the attack in Nice, during a national television address in Paris
Twitter A local hospital, the Negresco, has been turned into a field hospital
British tourist Lucy Nesbitt-Comiskey described the moment police shot at the truck and people fled into the restaurant they were dining at with their friend in panic. The pair had been due to go to the fireworks display themselves but decided not to at the last minute because they needed to go to the toilet. They said: "It sounded like an attack in Beirut. I said to my friend this doesn't sound like fireworks. All of a sudden people were screaming in the streets and they were running to the restaurants. "There was a lady, they collapsed on the floor they fainted and we were in shock. We were going to go down to the fireworks but we didn't go because I needed to go to the ladies and that's what stopped us. It was shocking, it was devastating." Lawyer Harjit Sarang, from London, and their children were among those caught up in the terror. They tweeted: "Running through crowds in Nice with kids and terrified. Never taking kids to a public event again. Finally back to hotel. Hate this! "The Scariest thing ever running through crowds with boys. Got back to hotel and couldn't get in for people seeking refuge! "Can't stop shaking. Hate that my boys had to experience this. Why did I take them. Why did they do this and why is this happening!"
TWITTER There are unconfirmed reports the incident was a deliberate 'attack'
Twitter Police are investigating what is believed to be a possible terror attack
RT A lorry has ploughed into a crowd of people in Nice
French officials have confirmed they are investigating the atrocity as a terror attack. Bouhlel is understood to be a resident of Nice after an identity card was found at the scene. It is believed that they were a delivery driver and had rented the lorry from the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur area. Two days before the attack, Bouhlel is understood to have parked on the street for nine hours and when quizzed by police, told them they were delivering ice cream. French police confirmed the terrorist was known to authorities in relation to common crimes, but not to the intelligence services. French TV channel iTele reported a gunman, believed to be the terrorists had "holed up in a nice restaurant downtown" but was then "neutralized" by police. The channel says it is not believed the man had taken any hostages during the incident. French newspaper Le Figaro quoted police sources saying officers found weapons, guns and grenades inside the lorry cab, indicating it was a premeditated terrorist attack. Police are now actively seeking out any accomplices involved in planning the atrocity and specialist anti-terror detectives from Paris have taken over the investigation from local officers.
REUTERS Pictures have emerged of bodies strewn across the road
Twitter Eyewitnesses reported scores are dead
Twitter ISIS supporters are celebrating the attack
Nobody has yet claimed responsibility for the attack but supporters of the Islamic State (ISIS) terror group have been celebrating the massacre on social media. And the Paris prosecutor's office confirmed it has opened an investigation into charges of "murder and attempted murder by an organised group linked to a terrorist enterprise". France has announced July 17 and 18 will be national days of mourning to "pay hommage" to the victims and all flags on public buildings will be flown at half mast. It is the 10th terrorist attack carried out in France since January last year. ISIS channels online have reportedly told their supporters to "await" confirmation it was behind the atrocity through an announcement by its press agency Amaq. The French Council of the Muslim Faith condemned the attack, which it called "heinous and abject", and offered its prayers for the friends and families of those killed and wounded. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office released a statement saying: "We are deeply concerned about reports of an incident in Nice and are in touch with the local authorities to seek more information. Our thoughts are with those affected and we stand by to help any British nationals." Of those injured, 18 are critical and 31 more in a serious condition. More than 100 are wounded.
EXPRESS•BING MAPS A map of Nice showing the location of the attack
There are so many casualties a local hotel - The Negresco - has been converted into a temporary field hospital. Hospitals are also appealing for blood donations fearing they could run out of supplies. The Mayor of Nice, Christian Estrosi, said on Twitter: "This is the worst drama in the history of Nice with more than 70 victims already". They urged people to stay indoors. Mr Estrosi said the truck was drivien by someone who appeared to have "completely premeditated behavior" and confirmed that "the truck was loaded with arms, loaded with grenades".
Nice Matin The truck was riddled with bullets during the incident
AFP The driver of the vehicle is said to have been killed
AFP France has been targeted by a number of terror plots
Interior Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet confirmed the driver had been “neutralised” and added: "The investigation will determine whether they acted alone.” More than 100 people had to be rescued from the sea by local authorities after dashing into the water in a blind panic. The dead include ten children while at least 54 other youngsters were also injured. Authorities in Nice have officially enacted the ‘White Plan', which ushers in contingency measures to deal with the aftermath of a massive terrorist attack. Hospitals have been put on red alert to receive mass casualties and armed troops have taken to the streets in huge numbers.
Twitter Police apparently fired at the lorry as it mounted the curb
Nice Matin Officials have confirmed it as a terror attack
Nice Matin More than 100 have been injured
REUTERS Police forensics experts found guns and grenades inside the truck
They drove over everyone, everyone is bleeding Eyewitness
French President Francois Holland has immediately flown back to the capital Paris from an official trip in Avignon and will chair a crisis meeting of ministers at the Elysee Palace, their spokesperson confirmed. Their interior minister, Bernard Cazeneuve, has already left Paris and is headed down to the south coast to visit the scene of the atrocity. Prime Minister Theresa May said that "brutal terrorists "must be defeated and that the UK stood "shoulder to shoulder" with France. A spokesperson for US President Barack Obama said they had been “apprised” of the situation in Nice and “will be updated as appropriate”. Mr Obama released a statement saying: “I condemn in the strongest terms what appears to be a horrific terrorist attack in Nice. “We stand in solidarity and partnership with France, our oldest ally, as they respond to and recover from this attack.” Russian president Vladimir Putin has sent a telegram of condolence to their French counterpart Francois Hollande. Mr Putin also pledged to work closely with France on all anti-terrorism issues, said Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov.
AFP Dozens of people are seriously wounded in hospital
Nice Matin There are unconfirmed reports of gunmen on the loose
REUTERS Armed police have now flooded the streets of the city
AFP The crowd was attending a fireworks display in Nice, with this photo taken moments before the drama
Donald Trump tweeted they have cancelled a press conference at which they were to announce their presidential running mate tomorrow "in light of the horrible attack in Nice". EU President, Jean-Claude Juncker, tweeted: "Strongly condemn heinous & cowardly terrorist attacks,resulting in unacceptable loss of lives." Sadidq Khan, Mayor of London, said: "Thoughts and prayers of millions of Londoners are with the victims of this horrific attack on Nice, their families & their friends." And French ambassador to the US Gérard Araud tweeted: “Again. Sadness. These people only wanted to enjoy the Bastille day fireworks with their family and their friends. Sadness. “Our democracies are besieged. Let's stick more than ever to our values. Liberté, Egalité, Fraternité. Vive la France, vive les Etats-Unis!” In a statement tonight the French Council of the Muslim Faith (CFCM), said: "The CFCM transmits its total solidarity with the inhabitants of Nice, expresses its deep sympathy to the families of the many victims and wish a speedy recovery to the injured. The group asked Muslims across France to pray "in memory of the victims of this barbaric attack" which it said hit "our country the same national day which celebrates the values ​​of liberty, equality and fraternity". A hashtag has been started up on Twitter - #portesouvertesnice - for shellshocked witnesses and victims of the attack looking for somewhere to spend the night.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 14, 2016
Canadians are shocked by tonight's attack in Nice. Our sympathy is with the victims, and our solidarity with the French people. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) July 14, 2016
Sickened by news of another senseless attack. On this #BastilleDay we are all patriots of France. Nice, we are with you. — Bill de Blasio (@BilldeBlasio) July 14, 2016
Just heard the terrible news from Nice. I am shocked. My thoughts and prayers to all affected. — Simon Cowell (@SimonCowell) July 14, 2016
Thoughts and prayers of millions of Londoners are with the victims of this horrific attack on #Nice, their families & their friends. — Sadiq Khan (@SadiqKhan) July 15, 2016
Among those confirmed dead is 54-year-old Linda Casanova from Agno Ticino, an Italian-speaking region in Switzerland, who is understood to have been run over by the lorry. There will be fears tonight that France has been targeted by yet another horrific terrorist attack, coming after last November's slaughter in Paris by Islamic State (ISIS) gunmen. France is still in a State of Emergency following those attacks, when almost 150 people were murdered by Islamic State and Al-Qaeda operatives. ISIS is well known for using vehicles in terrorist attacks, often packing them with explosives for maximum effect. Bastille Day, which celebrates the storming of the Bastille prison in Paris during the French Revolution of 1789, is the country's biggest public holiday.
GETTY A forensic expert examines bodies
GETTY French Prime Minister Manuel Valls
Welcome to Crowdlaunching
A q s a Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 9, 2016
Crowdfunding is great. It's changed the game. Last year it turned over $34.1bn, more than double $16bn the year before. It's a beast — disrupting industries from film to consumer electronics to even the stock market. Crowdfunding destroys gatekeepers by connecting the crowd and creators directly. And with scale of the internet the potential of that is unimaginible.
But there's a problem. This beast is almost too big. Too chaotic. The term crowdfunding covers too much. A person backing their favourite musician is different to someone buying a new product and very different to someone buying stock in a company. These are different crowds with different world views yet they all fall under the umbrella of crowdfunding. Perhaps it's no surprise given the industry is so young but it means the time has come for this model to evolve. To progress. It needs to give birth to something else. To little monsters that are branches of crowdfunding fit for purpose. Tailored models serving tailored crowds properly. And the first of those is born today — crowdlaunching.
Crowdlaunching is the launching of a new product during a limited time period on a dedicated online platform. It's crowdfunding for products only with the goal of obtaining customers rather than obtaining finance. Why? Because makers are not really interested in funding ‘tooling'. Really they want early adopters for their product. And backers for a product don't really want trivial rewards, they want the actual product they can touch and feel in return. So it makes sense to call Kickstarter what it is — a launch platform for hardware startups and a discovery platform for early adopters. And that's what crowdlaunching is all about. People pledging fixed amounts in return for tangible products from hardware startups around the world.
As crowdfunding matures, this model becomes more and more apparent. It's a matter of a time before see the first dedicated crowdlaunching platform. Welcome to crowdfunding evolved.
The European Commission this morning announced that it has opened formal antitrust proceedings to investigate whether a number of international ebook publishers have engaged in anti-competitive practices affecting the sale of e-books in Europe, “possibly with the help of Apple” (which offers an e-book storefront called iBooks).
According to the press release, the opening of proceedings means that the EC will “treat the case as a matter of priority”.
The publishers that were identified in the announcement of the antitrust probe are Hachette Livre (Lagardère Publishing, France), Harper Collins (News Corp., USA), Simon & Schuster (CBS Corp., USA), Penguin (Pearson Group, United Kingdom) and Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holzbrinck (owner of inter alia Macmillan, Germany).
The Commission says it will, in particular, investigate whether these publishers and Apple have engaged in illegal agreements or practices that would “have the object or the effect of restricting competition” in the European Union or in the European Economic Area (EEA).
The commission is also looking into “agency agreements” between the publishers and e-book retailers, in collaboration with the UK Office of Fair Trading.
The EC says it is concerned whether some of the publishers' and Apple's practices “may breach EU antitrust rules that prohibit cartels and restrictive business practices”. The opening of the proceedings follows unannounced inspections that were carried out by the Commission at the premises of several e-book publishers in March 2011.
Serious stuff, in other words.
Update: Fortune's Philip Elmer-DeWitt on why Europe is targeting Apple and not Amazon.
(Image courtesy of Flickr user alancleaver_2000)
Here's the full press release:
The FazbearFanatics forum managed to rent out a building to hold an auction, to get rid of the remaining relics of the Fazbear Legacy. There was a surprisingly large turnout.
"Three a hundred!"
"I hear three hundred! Do I hear four hundred? ...Going once... going twice..."
"Five fifty!"
"Five hundred and fifty dollars! Anybody else? Going once... going twice..."
"Sold!"
"An authentic, if burnt, Foxy head! It's, uh, it's got a light in it!"
"Fifty dollars!"
"Ha, fifty?! That's all?! Do I hear a hundred?"
"Two hundred!"
"That's more like it!"
"Six a hundred."
A silence fell upon the crowd.
"Sir, it's authentic, but it's just the head!"
A few members of the auction laughed at the auctioneer's comment.
"I know. I'm not retracting my bid."
"A-alright, then, sir! Anyone willing to go higher? Going once... going twice..."
No one spoke up.
"Sold!"
"Alright, then, we have one final item, and it's nothing to scoff at! This, ladies and gentlemen, is a box. Not any box, mind you, but a box full of bits and pieces of Freddy Fazbear's Pizza's own animatronics! Our supplier, Mr. Tyler Bluth, has confirmed its authenticity!"
"Five hundred!"
"Oh, quite a nice start!"
"One thousand!"
"That's the highest bid we've had all night! Does anyone w-"
"Three a thousand!"
"My word!"
"Ten a thousand dollars."
The audience stared wide-eyed at the grinning man who placed the ridiculously large bid. The auctioneer looked absolutely astounded. They adjusted their tie and cleared their throat.
"Sir, are you sure? I mean, I'm the auctioneer, but even I would say this is a bit overboard."
The grinning man spoke up.
"Ah, it's fine. I made you all what you are today, of course."
The man had short, dark hair, and was quite an intimidating figure, though they were an amiable man. They wore a gray suit and leaned forward in the wooden seat they sat upon.
"Well, Mr. Cawthon, that may be true, but that's no reason to-"
"To put the forum in a better place? To give them more material to post about? That's not so terrible!"
"I-... I suppose not. Well, I'll be damned! Ten thousand dollars! Anyone else willing to go higher?"
The crowd seemed almost offended at the question.
"Sold!"
As Mr. Cawthon left the building, along with the rest of the FazbearFanatics members, quite some time later, the auctioneer came up to him.
"So... Mr. Cawthon... give me the real answer. Tell me why you paid so much for that box! I'd love to know!"
Mr. Cawthon winked at the auctioneer and offered a smirk.
"A true magician never reveals their secrets."
Photo by Skyp3r
From its humble roots—a small audio production company founded by friends with a common interest in music and technology—Calgary-based PK Sound has gone on to become one of the premier manufacturers and production companies in the world, known for their continual innovations and technological developments in the field of professional audio. While most heads on the dancefloor are unaware of the technology involved in building and managing a proper sound system, attendees at this year's Bassrush Experience at EDC Las Vegas are going to be in for a treat, as PK Sound is set to unveil Trinity, the most advanced professional audio system in the world.
Trinity is the first system able to remotely sculpt sound in three dimensions, making the dancefloor experience feel as close as you can get to the original studio-based sound design of your favorite tunes. It is “the future of sound reinforcement,” says PK Sound President and CEO Jeremy Bridge. “We are able to achieve precision and accuracy previously unobtainable.”
Using special software linked to electronic actuators housed in each loudspeaker, audio engineers will be able to make adjustments instantly to place the sound exactly where they want at the touch of a button. Compared to traditional speaker systems with fixed horizontal and vertical sound dispersion patterns that can't be changed once manufactured, the flexibility and precision offered by Trinity ensures that the sonic experience will be unlike anything else you've experienced.
Before this beast of a system is formally launched into the soundsphere of EDC, we thought it only right to check in with Bridge for an even closer glimpse at the sonic bliss headed our way.
How did PK Sound originally come together, and what was the initial vision behind it?
PK's roots started in the early 2000s with a group of friends who grew up loving electronic music and simply wanted to give back to the scene an extra special and unique entertainment experience. We wanted to provide more than just what you would get at the standard show; we wanted people to be completely immersed in a visually and sonically transformed environment they would never forget. Over time, that passion morphed into a group of professionals with exceptional skills, which provided the base of our company. All of us have always been inspired by music, and many of us are musicians. Since the beginning, we have had a different vision of what a company should be, and that's why everyone at PK is an owner in the company. I mean everyone—not just the managers and executives—but also the people who are stocking the shelves, loading the trucks and answering the phones.
From that initial idea, how did things evolve into the company that it's become today?
Over time, we kept coming back to what we were truly passionate about: providing a next-level sound experience. We started building loudspeakers first for our own shows, then to do shows for other events; along the way, we met some amazing people, and our loudspeakers began to tour across North America with very prominent artists like Skrillex, Excision, Bassnectar and more. After doing thousands of shows hands-on, beginning to end, we had an idea we believed could truly change the shape of concert sound: a tool that would allow sound engineers to give the audience dramatically better sound much easier and faster. That's when we decided to really turn up the heat and spent the next four years in solid R&D. 2015 is going to be a huge year for us!
After doing thousands of shows hands-on, beginning to end, we had an idea we believed could truly change the shape of concert sound.
You've delivered some heavy-duty sound for Insomniac and Bassrush in the past, but we hear you've got an extra special rig you're preparing to unleash on us this year!
EDC will be the official world premiere of Trinity, a completely new approach to sound system design. Trinity uses electronically actuated loudspeaker elements to aim and steer the sound remotely from a computer. This allows the engineer to perfectly focus the sound field onto the audience area. Trinity is designed to be extremely efficient, with high output—a 6,000-watt class D amplifier individually drives all four sections of the loudspeaker. The CMI (Coherent Midrange Integrator) seamlessly combines the mid and high frequencies so that every person in the audience receives the same experience.
That sounds intense! How does that translate into what we're going to hear and feel on the dancefloor?
With Trinity, the sound is focused directly onto the dancefloor. That allows us to turn it up without sound spilling outside of the venue or negatively impacting other stages. Trinity isn't just louder with fancy remote control elements; from the ground up, it was designed to be the most beautiful loudspeaker you will ever hear, and we truly believe it is.
I imagine the DJs will notice a difference as well.
Yes, besides all the smiling faces on the dancefloor, DJs will notice that Trinity doesn't spill onto the stage like other sound systems. The controlled nature of the sound field allows us to keep the sound energy off the stage so that it doesn't conflict with their monitors.
How large a system are we talking about here, and what goes into the actual setup of a rig like this?
We are talking about over 160 loudspeakers, including the main PA, subwoofers, delays and side fills. This is going to sound like a sales pitch, but normally it would be quite a lot of effort to deploy a system like this, especially a line array. Trinity removes a tremendous amount of time because it hangs straight, and then we adjust and fine tune it afterward remotely from a laptop.
Fine-tuning each element is probably an art in and of itself. What kinds of qualifications are needed to run this system?
Any tool is only as good as the person who is using it, so only Trinity-certified technicians are allowed to use the system. We have a multi-day training program where experienced technicians learn to use the advanced features of the system, and we do everything from training how to use the software to helping assemble a box. We ensure that every technician who uses Trinity is an expert.
Photo by Skyp3r
You mentioned that PK's roots are in electronic dance music. Would you consider this a system designed with electronic music in mind?
We love electronic music. In our shop, there are at least 10 DJs and three to four producers—everything from downtempo to D&B to house. We also have a bunch of band guys too, to be fair! We really believe it's important that the person operating the system is passionate about the music being played. It's like everything: You just do a better job when you love it.
While Trinity is designed to be transparent and very good at all types of music, it is designed explicitly to handle the extra pressure that EDM places on loudspeakers. Compared to genres like rock or other types of live music, EDM is simply harder on everything. It has a very high RMS content since it is so well mastered. In addition, the shows are usually louder and go on continuously for a much longer time. All of this puts extra strain on all of the loudspeaker components, from the amplifier to the speakers themselves. With EDM, you essentially have to over-design the entire system if you want it to perform exceptionally at top volume, and that's what we do.
You really want the basslines, kicks, snares, synths and vocals to be very distinct. You need to ensure every part of the loudspeaker is extremely precise and transparent. It is important to ensure that there is space for all of the dynamic elements to combine, allowing you to hear each one with definition and clarity.
If this is the most advanced PK system on the planet, where do you go from here?
Right now we are working on some very advanced computer optimization techniques that will be used in the future with Trinity. These features will allow users to have even more control over the sound field.
The fight for functional cross-border transit in the Detroit area is nearing its half-century mark — but it took a big step forward last week when the Regional Transit Authority of Southeast Michigan launched the first-ever regional master transit plan. It's a $4.6 billion vision to build the area's first rapid transit system, connecting 1,125,500 people, 946,200 jobs, 23 colleges and 22 hospitals spread out over four counties, and includes the cities of Detroit and Ann Arbor.
The multimodal plan was a year in the making and funded by a grant from the Federal Transit Administration. It includes new bus rapid transit lines along Gratiot, Woodward and Michigan avenues, and between Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti; new express lines from five different cities to Detroit Metropolitan Airport (none currently exist); commuter rail between Ann Arbor and Detroit; door-to-door paratransit service for seniors and people with disabilities; and improvements and coordination among existing buses, as well as the 3-mile M-1 Rail, or QLine, that is currently being built up the Woodward Corridor in Detroit. The streetcar system is expected to begin operating next year; the RTA will begin managing it in 2024.
As well, the plan proposes 11 different bus routes that cross county lines, which will link up the existing bus networks in Detroit and the suburbs, providing speedier pickups and drop-offs, and easing the need for transfers. There would also be four new commuter express routes on weekday rush hours. Transit users would be able to use a universal fare card to move across the network. (See county-by-county highlights of the plan here.)
It's an ambitious plan. But the RTA and its supporters must move quickly in making the case for its worth. Pending approval of the plan by the RTA board in July, voters in the four-county region will be asked to approve a transit millage in November that would raise $2.9 billion with a 1.2-mill, 20-year property tax. This would be combined with state and federal funding that the RTA anticipates.
What might seem like ordinary business is, in the historic heart of the auto industry, quite radical. The RTA was created in 2012 by the legislature after four decades of 23 failed attempts to coordinate regional transit in Michigan. Metro Detroit was the last major metropolitan area to lack a coordinating transit body. The city once boasted of the largest municipally owned streetcar system, but it ended operations in 1956. The reasons for its demise — along with, over the ensuing decades, a system of privately owned buses and commuter rails — are numerous and anxiety inducing.
Without a fully navigable system, the Detroit area has suffered with patchy transit, exacerbated by city and suburban agencies competing with each other for federal dollars. It has effectively contributed to the region's segregation and it seriously hampers resident mobility. Jobs, school, participation in civic events — all of this is virtually out of reach for people who do not have a car. And in Detroit, which has the highest car insurance rates in the nation, residents are ultimately left with no good choices.
So, the creation of the RTA was itself a victory. Significantly, there are no “opt-out communities” in the authority. Re-routing around towns that don't want to be part of a transit network is one of the reasons that the existing SMART bus line has limited functionality, a fact memorably highlighted last year by the “Walking Man” story in the Detroit Free Press.
The case for the millage won't be an easy one. If passed, it would be added on top of those that property owners are already paying in Ann Arbor and suburban communities served by SMART, as well as the yet-to-be-revealed fares paid by transit users. Articulating the problems takes some delicacy: RTA ran into trouble this spring by airing ads that criticized the region's current system as “worst in America,” which offended its partners at SMART. And as the Detroit News points out, voters may be feeling “tax fatigued” after passing a spate of regional millages in the past few years, including ones that supported SMART, the Detroit Institute of Arts and the Detroit Zoo.
For the owner of an average-priced home in the region ($78,856), it would cost $95 per year, or about $8 a month. It would cost about $120, or $10 a month, for the owner of a $200,000 home. Most new transit services and other improvements would happen within five years, while the most ambitious projects — rapid bus lines and the 38-mile commuter rail — wouldn't take shape until sometime between 2022 and 2026.
But the millage would make it possible for the RTA to apply for matching federal dollars. The RTA emphasizes the economic impact of the plan's implementation: about $4 in returns for every $1 invested.
The release of the plan launched four weeks of public comment that will take place at a series of meetings, and may lead to changes. Meanwhile, the Detroit Regional Chamber of Commerce is launching a pro-millage campaign.
It's a crucial and uncertain time. But now, at least, the conversation about regional transit in metro Detroit, has something solid to anchor it. And there are “aligning stars,” from the city's recovery to shifting generational attitudes, which give reason to believe that this transit plan has a real shot at becoming a reality. We're finally beginning to see what's possible with a forward-thinking regional vision.
There is more soot in remote Siberia than at the edge of densely populated Europe, even though there are hardly any people there, the first in-depth study of black carbon in the region has found.
In Tiksi, a small town in an isolated region of north-eastern Siberia, the levels of black carbon emitted by traffic is at higher levels than in Sweden, according to the two-year study published in the journal PNAS. Before this study, black carbon levels in this part of Russia were a blank spot on the map.
Black carbon pollution is a problem in the Arctic because it amplifies the effects of climate change. When black soot lies on white snow it increases the absorption of heat of the snow, which would otherwise be reflected back out into space. This increases the rate at which the permafrost in northern Siberia is melting.
Swedish researchers set up an observation station in Tiksi to measure how much black carbon was reaching north-eastern Siberia and where it was coming from. Instruments at the Tiksi station measured the amount of black carbon present, and analysed where it had come from by identifying its 'isotope fingerprint'. This allowed the researchers to pinpoint not just the geographical location of the emission, but how the carbon had been burned.
The biggest source of black carbon – about 38% in total – in Tiksi came from traffic. There is very little traffic in this region of north-eastern Siberia, and the researchers found that the emissions mostly came from vehicles in regions such as Europe, more populated parts of Russia, and northern China.
Study author Örjan Gustafsson of Stockholm University, Sweden, told IBTimes UK that this was a surprising result, as the models had predicted that gas flares from the oil industry would be the biggest source of black carbon in Tiksi.
Carbon forensics Many features of black soot's history are written into its isotope fingerprint. This fingerprint is the proportion of different isotopes of carbon – 12C, 13C and 14C. These are atoms of carbon that are heavier or lighter, because of the number of neutrons in the atom's nucleus. For example, black soot released from burning fossil fuels has virtually none of the radioactive isotope 14C. This is because 14C decays over time: in about 5,730 years, half of the 14C in a given sample will have degraded into something else. As fossil fuels are an ancient source of carbon, it means by the time the fuel is burned there is virtually no 14C left.
"Our isotope forensics established that gas flaring was having a much smaller effect than other sources. The larger sources were not only traffic but also coal," Gustafsson said.
The picture varied seasonally, with burning of biomass having more of an effect than traffic in the summer months.
"Black carbon is one of the major agents for climate warming in the Arctic, which is a sentinel for global change," they said. The Arctic has been warming at a rate about twice as fast as the rest of the world.
"It's important for societies to know about the sources of black carbon so they can do something about it."
De Gelderlander is reporting today the newly-signed Bertrand Traore will become the seventh Chelsea player to be loaned to Vitesse Arnhem. The paper is claiming that the deal will last the remainder of the 2013/14 season, though neither club have confirmed nor denied the reports.
If true, it would make some sense for both Traore and Vitesse. The youngster would likely step into a starting role on the right flank in relatively short order, likely pushing Renato Ibarra to the bench. It would also likely impact Gael Kakuta, who stands to lose quite a bit of time if he's pushed even further down the pecking order.
If this move happens, Traore will have several weeks to acclimate to their new club. Vitesse are off until January 18, when they travel to PEC Zwolle.
BAGHDAD — Imagine how Americans would react if you had a terrorist organization operating on your own soil that killed dozens and maimed hundreds every week. For Iraqis, that isn't a hypothetical question; Al Qaeda in Iraq and its affiliates are conducting a terrorist campaign against our people.
These terrorists aren't just Iraq's enemies. They are also America's enemies. That is why, when I meet with President Obama on Friday, I plan to propose a deeper security relationship between the United States and Iraq to combat terrorism and address broader regional security concerns, including the conflict in Syria and the threat that proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons could pose in the region.
It has been almost two years since American troops withdrew from Iraq. And despite the terrorist threats we face, we are not asking for American boots on the ground. Rather, we urgently want to equip our own forces with the weapons they need to fight terrorism, including helicopters and other military aircraft so that we can secure our borders and protect our people. Hard as it is to believe, Iraq doesn't have a single fighter jet to protect its airspace.
The United States is our security partner of choice, so we have been working with the U.S. government and American defense firms to procure the equipment we need. We see this as helping to solidify a relationship that we want to remain the cornerstone of our security strategy. Iraqis are grateful for the great sacrifices Americans have made on behalf of our country. But Iraq today is no longer a protectorate; it is a partner in what President Obama has described as “a normal relationship based on mutual interests and mutual respect.”
Richard Nixon was a traitor.
The new release of extended versions of Nixon's papers now confirms this long-standing belief, usually dismissed as a "conspiracy theory" by Republican conservatives. Now it has been substantiated by none other than right-wing columnist George Will.
Nixon's newly revealed records show for certain that in 1968, as a presidential candidate, they ordered Anna Chennault, their liaison to the South Vietnam government, to persuade them to refuse a cease-fire being brokered by President Lyndon Johnson.
Nixon's interference with these negotiations violated President John Adams's 1797 Logan Act, banning private citizens from intruding into official government negotiations with a foreign nation.
Published as the 40th Anniversary of Nixon's resignation approaches, Will's column confirms that Nixon feared public disclosure of their role in sabotaging the 1968 Vietnam peace talks. Will says Nixon established a "plumbers unit" to stop potential leaks of information that might damage him, including documentation that they believed was held by the Brookings Institute, a liberal think tank. The Plumbers' later break-in at the Democratic National Committee led to the Watergate scandal that brought Nixon down.
Nixon's sabotage of the Vietnam peace talks was confirmed by transcripts of FBI wiretaps. On November 2, 1968, LBJ received an FBI report saying Chernnault told the South Vietnamese ambassador that "she had received a message from their boss: saying the Vietnamese should "hold on, we are gonna win."
As Will confirms, Vietnamese did "hold on," the war proceeded and Nixon did win, changing forever the face of American politics—with the shadow of treason permanently embedded in its DNA.
The treason came in 1968 as the Vietnam War reached a critical turning point. President Lyndon Johnson was desperate for a truce between North and South Vietnam.
LBJ had an ulterior motive: their Vice President, Hubert Humphrey, was in a tight presidential race against Richard Nixon. With demonstrators in the streets, Humphrey desperately needed a cease-fire to get them into the White House.
Johnson had it all but wrapped it. With a combination of gentle and iron-fisted persuasion, they forced the leaders of South Vietnam into an all-but-final agreement with the North. A cease-fire was imminent, and Humphrey's election seemed assured.
But at the last minute, the South Vietnamese pulled out. LBJ suspected Nixon had intervened to stop them from signing a peace treaty.
In the Price of Power (1983), Seymour Hersh revealed Henry Kissinger—then Johnson's adviser on Vietnam peace talks—secretly alerted Nixon's staff that a truce was imminent.
According to Hersh, Nixon “was able to get a series of messages to the Thieu government [of South Vietnam] making it clear that a Nixon presidency would have different views on peace negotiations.”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Johnson was livid. They even called the Republican Senate Minority Leader, Everett Dirksen, to complain that “they oughtn't be doing this. This is treason.”
“I know,” was Dirksen's feeble reply.
Johnson blasted Nixon about this on November 3rd, just prior to the election. As Robert Parry of Consortiumnews.com has written: “when Johnson confronted Nixon with evidence of the peace-talk sabotage, Nixon insisted on their innocence but acknowledged that they knew what was at stake.”
Said Nixon: “My, I would never do anything to encourage….Saigon not to come to the table….Good God, we've got to get them to Paris or you can't have peace.”
But South Vietnamese President General Theiu—a notorious drug and gun runner—did boycott Johnson's Paris peace talks. With the war still raging, Nixon claimed a narrow victory over Humphrey. They then made Kissinger their own national security adviser.
In the four years between the sabotage and what Kissinger termed “peace at hand” just prior to the 1972 election, more than 20,000 US troops died in Vietnam. More than 100,000 were wounded. More than a million Vietnamese were killed.
But in 1973, Kissinger was given the Nobel Peace Prize for negotiating the same settlement they helped sabotage in 1968.
According to Parry, LBJ wanted to go public with Nixon's treason. But Clark Clifford, an architect of the CIA and a pillar of the Washington establishment, talked Johnson out of it. LBJ's close confidant warned that the revelation would shake the foundations of the nation.
In particular, Clifford told Johnson (in a taped conversation) that “some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I'm wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have [Nixon] elected. It could cast their whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country's best interests.”
In other words, Clifford told LBJ that the country couldn't handle the reality that its president was a certifiable traitor, eligible for legal execution.
Fittingly, Clark Clifford's upper-crust career ended in the disgrace of their entanglement with the crooked Bank of Credit and Commerce (BCCI), which financed the terrorist group Al Qaeda and whose scandalous downfall tainted the Agency they helped found.
Johnson lived four years after they left office, tormented by the disastrous war that destroyed their presidency and their retirement. Nixon won re-election in 1972, again with a host of dirty dealings, then became the first American president to resign in disgrace.
The Impact of Donations to Bernie Sanders
Alex Nisnevich
I like Bernie Sanders. I've never donated to a political campaign before, but I've felt inspired to donate to his. But it's made me wonder: where exactly does the money I donate to them go? And how much more do they need to be a viable candidate?
Neither is an easy question to answer. The path that political contributions take is a complicated one. But we can assume that, aside from administrative costs, the main expense for the Sanders campaign will be advertising, and TV advertising in particular.
The goal of campaign advertising is to sway potential voters. As a little thought experiment, let's try to estimate how cost-effective political ads are at doing that. Two factors are at play when we think about the impact of a given ad – the number of voters that the ad reaches and what fraction of them change their minds as a result:
ad impact = (# voters reached) × (% minds changed)
Step One: Reach Voters
Estimating the number of primary voters reached by each dollar spent on advertising is actually pretty straightforward. All we need is to figure out the CPM (cost per thousand views) for TV commercials and multiply by what percentage of those viewers are Democratic primary voters:
(# voters reached /$) = (1000 /CPM) × (% Democratic primary turnout)
According to Media Dynamics, an advertising analyst firm, it seems that TV ads have about a CPM of $10 on average – that is, they reach a thousand viewers for every $10 spent:
And voter turnout in the last presidential primaries in 2012 was an abysmal 17.3%, so we can estimate about half of that – say, 8.6% – for Democratic primary turnout specifically.
But surely there is some targeting going on with political ads – for example, you wouldn't air an ad during a show whose primary demographic is children or teens. So let's add a small multiplier of ×1.5 to reflect the fact that the viewers of these ads are slightly more likely than the average TV American to be voters.
With this in mind, we can estimate the cost to reach each voter:
(# voters reached /$) ≈ (1000 /10) × 8.6% × 1.5 ≈ 13 voters /$
Step Two: Change Minds
An average voter has just seen an ad for Bernie Sanders. What impact will this ad have?
While this is a popular topic of study, I couldn't find many hard numbers aside from those in Franz and Ridout's 2007 paper Does Political Advertising Persuade? . Franz and Ridout try out a few different models to explain how voter behavior is affected by advertising, and the model that fits their experimental data best seems to suggest the following:
“High-information voters” (≈ 25% of the study) are not statistically affected by advertisements, and the effects on “low-information voters” (≈ 25%) are unpredictable. “Medium-information voters” (≈ 50%), however, have a statistically significant change in perception after exposure to ads, averaging out to a shift of 1 point along the x-axis of the logistic function:
In other words, a “medium-information voter” who had a 50% chance (x=0) of supporting a candidate would, on average, have about a 65% chance (x=1) of supporting that candidate right after seeing an ad for them.
Without bringing too much math into this, it seems reasonable to conclude that the average change of a medium-information voter's preference after seeing an ad is around 10%. But Franz and Ridout's study was specifically about general elections, in which voters are much more engaged than in primaries, so let's cut our estimate in half down to 5% to account for that.
So here's the simplified model we'll work with: 50% of voters (the medium-information voters) can have their views affected by TV advertising. Among them, exposure to a pre-Bernie TV ad will on average make each voter 5% more likely to vote for him:
% minds changed = (50 % medium-information voters) × (5 % avg change) = 2.5 %
Dollars and Votes
Putting it all together, we can finally get a (hugely simplified) approximation of the impact of each dollar spent on Bernie Sanders campaign ads:
(13 voters reached /$) * (0.025 extra votes /voters reached) = 0.325 votes /$
or roughly 1 extra vote per $3 spent on advertising.
To illustrate this, here's a little simulation I put together. Right now, the map represents my best estimate of Bernie's current poll numbers relative to Hillary's in each state. Clicking on a state simulates the effects of spending $50,000 on an ad campaign in that state. How much money does it take you to make Bernie win?
YOU HAVE SPENT DELEGATE RACE Reset
Your mileage may vary, but the sweet spot seems to be about $20,000,000 to break even.
Of course, there are a lot of factors this simulation doesn't take into account. For starters, voters' perceptions are influenced by much, much more than just advertising. There's no way we can predict all the myriad of factors that affect voters, but based on how effective Bernie's rallies and stump speeches have been compared to Hillary's so far, let's be generous and say that their natural appeal to voters will do about as much for their numbers as their campaign ads will do. In that case, he'll need to spend only $10,000,000 on ads.
But now we run into the big catch: Hillary will have their own campaign ads, which we can expect to be just as effective. If we model this as a money race, Bernie probably wouldn't stand much of a chance, despite their impressive fundraising last quarter. Let's do it a little differently. Let's say that, of the voters whose minds are changed by Bernie's ads and campaigning, about a quarter become “true believers” – they're convinced for good, and no amount of campaigning or attack ads can change their minds. Under this model, as long as Bernie can spend $40,000,000 on ads, he'll have a strong enough group of uncorruptable voters to win.
Assuming that about a third of the money Bernie raises has to go towards administrative costs – staff salaries, travel expenses, etc. – this means that they need to get to $80 million from now until the end of the primaries.
How confident am I in the $80 million number? Not very. But it seems as good as any, given how much uncertainty we're dealing with in the primaries as a whole.
So, can Bernie do it? They currently have about $25 million on hand, and given the $26 million they raised last quarter, this goal is certainly within reach.
And, not to be cheesy, but you can help.
31% ($25M raised of $80M)
Footnotes
By News Bulletin (DB/SC/DT)
Press TV
"Islamic finance has seen an incredible surge in popularity, based on stronger regulatory regimens and a better international understanding of its dynamics." Islamic banks are not authorized to invest in companies associated with tobacco, alcohol or gambling.
07 Sep 2009
Despite the global financial crisis, assets held by the 100 largest Islamic banks in the world raised by 66 percent in 2008 compared with previous year.
A study published by Asian Banker Research magazine says the assets of the Islamic banks increased to a total of $580 billion in 2008 -- up from $350 billion in 2007.
This is while, the assets held by Asia's 300 largest banks lifted by just 13.4 percent, the report says.
"Islamic finance has seen an incredible surge in popularity, based on stronger regulatory regimens and a better international understanding of its dynamics," said Emmanuel Daniel, the magazine's chief.
Islamic banking refers to a system of banking that is consistent with the principles of Islamic law. Islamic law or Sharia prohibits the payment of fees for the renting of money (Riba) for specific terms, as well as investing in businesses that provide goods or services considered contrary to its principles (Haraam).
Islamic banks are not authorized to invest in companies associated with tobacco, alcohol or gambling.
The report concludes that despite the current economic meltdown in the world "Islamic banks have continued to grow in prominence and size”.
The report said Saudi Arabian lenders were more profitable among other banks with Al-Rajhi Bank netting the highest earnings of $1.74 billion, according to the report, and Iranian banks were the biggest players in the global Islamic banking system.
Iran holds seven out of the top 10 rankings and 12 out of the 100 top Islamic banks, the magazine said.
More than 40 percent of the total assets of the top 100 banks belong to Iranian banks, according to the report.
DB/SC/DT
Press TV
Municipality in Turkey
Erzincan ( pronounced [æɾˈzindʒan])[3] (Armenian: Երզնկա, Yerznka) is the capital of Erzincan Province in northeastern Turkey. Nearby cities include Erzurum, Sivas, Tunceli, Bingöl, Elâzığ, Malatya, Gümüşhane, Bayburt, and Giresun. Located at an altitude of 1,185 meters above sea level, the city's climate produces snowy winters and warm summers.
The city is notable for handcrafted copper goods and a special cheese called "tulum peyniri" in Turkish. It is a significant road and rail junction and was once noted for its silverware. Current industries include sugar refining and textile industries. The city is home to the headquarters of the Turkish Third Army.
History [ edit ]
Acilisene, the ancient city that is now Erzincan, was the site of the Peace of Acilisene by which in AD 387 Armenia was divided into two vassal states, a smaller one dependent on the Byzantine Empire and a larger one dependent on Persia.[4][5] This is the name (Ἀκιλισηνή in Greek) by which it is called by Strabo in their Geography, 11.4.14. The etymological origin of the word is disputed, but it is agreed that the city was once called Erez. For a while it was called Justinianopolis in honour of Emperor Justinian. In more recent Greek it has been called as Κελτζηνή (Keltzene) and Κελεζηνή (Kelezene)[6]
In the Armenian language, the 5th-century Life of Mashtots called it Yekeghiats[7] In the more recent past, it was known in Armenian as Երզնկա (Yerznka)[8]
In the settlement of Erez, at a yet unidentified site, there was a pre-Christian shrine dedicated to the Armenian goddess Anahit. A text of Agathangelos reports that during the first year of their reign, King Trdat of Armenia went to Erez and visited Anahit's temple to offer sacrifice. They ordered Gregory the Illuminator, who was secretly a Christian, to make an offering at its altar. When Gregory refused, they were taken captive and tortured, starting the events that would end with Trdat's conversion to Christianity some 14 years later.[9] After that conversion, during the Christianisation of Armenia, the temple at Erez was destroyed and its property and lands were given to Gregory. It later became known for its extensive monasteries.
It is hard to tell when Acilisene became a bishopric. The first whose name is known is of the mid-5th century: Ioannes, who in 459 signed the decree of Patriarch Gennadius I of Constantinople against the simoniacs. Georgius or Gregorius (both forms are found) was one of the Fathers of the Second Council of Constantinople (553), appearing as "bishop of Justinianopolis". Theodorus was at the Third Council of Constantinople in 681, signing as "bishop of Justinianopolis or the region of Ecclenzine". Georgius was at the Photian Council of Constantinople (879). Until the 10th century, the diocese itself appears in none of the Notitiae Episcopatuum. At the end of that century, they present it as an autocephalous archdiocese, and those of the 11th century present it as a metropolitan see with 21 suffragans. This was the time of the greatest splendour of Acilisene, which ended with the decisive defeat of the Byzantines by the Seljuq Turks at the Battle of Manzikert in 1071. After the 13th century, there is no mention of diocesan bishops of Acilisene and the see no longer appears in Notitiae Episcopatuum.[6][10] No longer a residential bishopric, Acilisene is today listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.[11]
In 1071 Erzincan was absorbed into the Mengüçoğlu under the Seljuk Sulëiman Kutalmish. Marco Polo, who wrote about their visit to Erzincan, said that the "people of the country are Armenians" and that Erzincan was the "noblest of cities" which contained the See of an Archbishop.[12] In 1243 it was destroyed in fighting between the Seljuks under Kaykhusraw II and the Mongols. However, by 1254 its population had recovered enough that William of Rubruck was able to say an earthquake had killed more than 10,000 people. During this period, the city reached a level of semi-independence under the rule of Armenian princes.[13]
Erzincan was one of the most pivotal towns in Safavid history. It was there, in the summer of 1500, that about 7,000 Qizilbash forces, consisting of the Ustaclu, Shamlu, Rumlu, Tekelu, Zhulkadir, Afshar, Qajar and Varsak tribes, responded to the invitation of Ismail I,[14] whom would aid in them establishing their dynasty.
Battle of Erzincan [ edit ]
Caucasus Campaign of 1915 – 1916
The Battle of Erzincan took place during the Caucasus Campaign of the First World War. In 1916 Erzincan was the headquarters for the Turkish Third Army commanded by Kerim Pasha. The Russian General Nikolai Yudenich led the Russian Caucasus Army who captured Mama Hatun on 12 July 1916. They then gained the heights of Naglika and took a Turkish position on the banks of the Durum Durasi river, with their cavalry breaking through the Boz-Tapa-Meretkli line. They then advanced on Erzincan arriving by 25 June and taking the city in two days. The city was relatively untouched by battle and Yudenich seized large quantities of supplies. Despite the strategic advantages gained from this victory, Yudenich made no more significant advances and their forces were reduced due to Russian reverses further north.[15]
Colonel Kâzım Karabekir was appointed the commander of the First Caucasian Army Corps. Aware of the withdrawal of the Russian Army following the Russian Revolution, they retook Erzincan in February 1918.
Erzincan Soviet [ edit ]
A short-lived soviet council had been at Erzincan between 1916-1921. Mainly today's Erzincan and Tunceli provinces were under Russian occupation. After the revolution, Bolshevik soldiers took control of the officer corps. Arşak Cemalyan who was a Bolshevik soldier, called Kurdish, Turkish and Armenian representatives to take charge of the administration of Erzincan Soviet.[16][17]
1939 Erzincan earthquake [ edit ]
Erzincan city center
The city was completely destroyed by a major earthquake on December 27, 1939. The sequence of seven violent shocks, the biggest measuring 7.8 on the moment magnitude scale, was the most powerful one to strike Turkey in recent history. The first stage of the earthquake killed about 8,000 people. The next day, it was reported that the death toll had risen to 20,000. An emergency relief operation began. By the end of the year, 32,962 had died due to more earthquakes and several floods. So extensive was the damage to Erzincan city that its old site was entirely abandoned and a new town was founded a little further to the north.
Climate [ edit ]
Erzincan has a continental climate (Köppen climate classification Dsa) with freezing, snowy winters and hot and dry summers. Spring is the wettest season whilst late summer is the driest. The lowest temperature recorded was −32.5 °C (−26.5 °F) in January 1950. The highest temperature recorded was 40.6 °C (105.1 °F) in July 2000. The highest snow thickness recorded was 74 cm (29.1 inches) in February 1950.
Climate data for Erzincan (Averages 1960–2012) (Extremes 1929–2016) Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °C (°F) 14.0
(57.2) 17.2
(63.0) 25.2
(77.4) 30.4
(86.7) 33.8
(92.8) 35.6
(96.1) 40.6
(105.1) 40.5
(104.9) 36.6
(97.9) 31.4
(88.5) 24.9
(76.8) 23.2
(73.8) 40.6
(105.1) Average high °C (°F) 1.7
(35.1) 3.7
(38.7) 9.9
(49.8) 16.7
(62.1) 22.1
(71.8) 26.9
(80.4) 31.4
(88.5) 31.7
(89.1) 27.3
(81.1) 20.0
(68.0) 11.5
(52.7) 4.6
(40.3) 17.3
(63.1) Daily mean °C (°F) −2.9
(26.8) −1.2
(29.8) 4.4
(39.9) 10.7
(51.3) 15.6
(60.1) 20.0
(68.0) 24.0
(75.2) 23.7
(74.7) 18.9
(66.0) 12.1
(53.8) 5.2
(41.4) 0.1
(32.2) 10.9
(51.6) Average low °C (°F) −6.9
(19.6) −5.5
(22.1) −0.5
(31.1) 5.0
(41.0) 8.8
(47.8) 12.3
(54.1) 15.6
(60.1) 15.2
(59.4) 10.7
(51.3) 5.9
(42.6) 0.6
(33.1) −3.5
(25.7) 4.8
(40.7) Record low °C (°F) −32.5
(−26.5) −32.4
(−26.3) −22.4
(−8.3) −11.1
(12.0) −4.2
(24.4) 2.0
(35.6) 4.8
(40.6) 5.9
(42.6) 0.3
(32.5) −6.8
(19.8) −17.4
(0.7) −25.9
(−14.6) −32.5
(−26.5) Average precipitation mm (inches) 28.1
(1.11) 30.3
(1.19) 41.2
(1.62) 53.8
(2.12) 54.5
(2.15) 30.2
(1.19) 11.4
(0.45) 6.8
(0.27) 14.3
(0.56) 43.4
(1.71) 39.3
(1.55) 28.8
(1.13) 382.1
(15.05) Average precipitation days 9.6 9.3 11.6 14.1 14.5 9.2 3.3 2.6 4.3 8.8 8.8 10.1 106.2 Mean monthly sunshine hours 89.9 106.4 158.1 171 226.3 288 328.6 310 261 192.2 126 74.4 2,331.9 Source: Devlet Meteoroloji İşleri Genel Müdürlüğü [18]
Economy [ edit ]
Mulberry tree plantations were found in Erzincan in the early 20th century, which were used in sericulture.[19]
Notable people [ edit ]
After a year of high-profile police shootings of black Americans, many captured on video, racial attitudes among Americans — particularly whites — have undergone a significant shift.
A majority of whites now say the country needs to do more to make equal rights a reality, and a significantly larger number of white Americans say that blacks are treated less fairly than others by law enforcement officials, according to several newly released polls.
The share of Americans who say that racism is a "big problem" in the U.S. has grown significantly as well.
Asked whether the country "needs to continue making changes to give blacks equal rights with whites" or whether it already has "made the changes needed," Americans just short of 2 to 1 say more change is needed, according to a survey by the nonpartisan Pew Research Center.
A majority of whites, 53%, agree that more change is needed, according to the Pew survey and a separate poll by the Washington Post and ABC News, which asked the same question.
The polls, released Wednesday, come as the country approaches the Aug. 9 anniversary of the death of Michael Brown, the unarmed black 18-year-old whose shooting by a white officer in Ferguson, Mo., focused new attention on police use of force against minorities.
The shifts are significant. For the last several years, polls had shown that fewer than 4 in 10 whites said the country needed more change to achieve equality. Instead, a majority of whites consistently said the country already had "made the changes needed."
Some of the activists involved in protests in the last year over the deaths of unarmed blacks at the hands of police took the shift in public opinion as at least a partial vindication.
"Man, that's good, that's huge," said Tony Rice, a prominent Ferguson activist.
Rice, who has spent considerable time over the last year on a campaign to persuade white and black voters to recall Ferguson's mayor, said white residents have often told them that the news during the last 12 months has caused them to rethink racial issues.
"They said, 'We had no idea what you guys were being treated like,'" they said. "My thing was, 'Hey, we tried to tell you, you just didn't listen,'" Rice said. "Now they're starting to listen"
DeRay Mckesson, a prominent activist in the Black Lives Matter movement, called the shift in attitudes "an acknowledgment of the impact of racism" that black Americans have long experienced. That's a testament to the effect the protests in Ferguson and elsewhere have had, they said.
But a change in attitude is only partial progress, they said. "It will be important that knowledge translates into action, that people use their privilege to dismantle racist structures and systems," they said.
Whether Americans' shift in attitude will lead to support for specific policy changes remains an important unknown, said Carroll Doherty, the director of political research at Pew.
"Race appears to be more front and center than it has for a while," Doherty said. But "it's one thing to say more needs to be done about racial equality in general terms" and another to support specific policies, they said.
Even among African Americans, the already large number who say the country needs to make more changes has grown in the last year, the polls found, reaching 86% in the Pew survey. Latinos also say by large margins that more changes are needed.
Among whites, a big part of the shift in attitudes has come from Republicans.
The GOP remains more conservative on racial issues than Democrats or Americans who do not identify with either party. A majority of Republicans, for example, say the country already has made the necessary changes to achieve equality.
But among Republicans, the share who say the country needs to change further has grown 15 percentage points over the last year, Pew found.
By contrast with the partisan splits on racial issues, the numbers, surprisingly, don't vary much between older and younger Americans.
Another measure — the share of Americans who say that racism in the U.S. is a "big problem" — has also shown a significant increase. Today, half of the country says racism is a "big problem," Pew found, up from one-third five years ago and one-quarter at the time Barack Obama was inaugurated as the nation's first black president.
Among whites, just over 4 in 10 now see racism as a big problem, up from 1 in 4 when the question was last asked, in 2010. A majority of blacks, 73%, and Latinos, 58%, call racism a big problem.
On that question too, a large share of the change has come from those who identify as Republican. The share in the GOP who say racism is a big problem has grown to 41%, up from just 17% in 2010.
Among Democrats, just under two-thirds see racism as a big problem, a proportion that has grown somewhat since 2010.
The percentage of Americans who described racism as a big problem fell from the mid-1990s, reaching a low point around the time of Obama's election, which many Americans, including many blacks, took as an indicator that the country had finally turned a page on its long history of racial discrimination.
Now, however, the Pew poll, as well as a recent New York Times/CBS News survey, shows a sharp turnaround in attitudes.
The share of white Americans who say that blacks have an "equal chance" of "getting ahead in today's society," for example, has dropped by 10 percentage points since last year and now stands at 51%, the New York Times/CBS survey found.
Polls can't explain why attitudes have shifted, but some analysts say social media have had a major effect.
Social media have taken conversations that in the past would have taken place in "private spaces" and made them visible to a wider community, said Meredith Clark, an assistant professor at the Mayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas who is conducting a research project on the Black Lives Matter movement.
That has made it possible for people to encounter views they might have been too uncomfortable to ask directly about, they said.
"It would be awkward if your co-worker came in and asked how you felt about seeing Mike Brown's body on the ground in Ferguson last year," Clark said. With social media, "you can just survey the information."
That sort of change may have made white Americans more aware of the discrimination that nonwhites experience.
A fourth poll, by Gallup, released this week, asked Americans whether they believe blacks are treated less fairly than others in a variety of situations. The poll found notable increases in the share of people who think blacks are discriminated against.
Just over 4 in 10 people say blacks are treated less fairly in dealing with the police, the poll found, up 6 percentage points from 2007. About 1 in 4 Americans say blacks are treated unfairly at stores and shopping malls. The share saying that has grown by 10 percentage points, Gallup found.
The Pew poll was conducted July 14 to 20 among 2,002 American adults and has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.5 percentage points. The Washington Post/ABC poll was conducted July 29 to Aug. 2 among 1,010 adults and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 points. The Gallup poll was conducted June 15 to July 10 among 2,296 adults and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 points.
david.lauter@latimes.com
Twitter: @DavidLauter
matt.pearce@latimes.com
Twitter: @MattDPearce
As we wait for training camp to start and the battles for positioning which will ensue, there's one battle which seems to have already been decided at the bottom of the roster that I think has gone the wrong way. I'm not sure how much it's going to matter by the time the season starts, but I think that valuing Luke Glendening over Joakim Andersson is a mistake.
The fans have treated it as a foregone conclusion since the end of the Wings' playoff run. Part of that is because there are people who legitimately think Luke Glendening brings more to the ice than Andersson does and part of it is because the fans know how much Mike Babcock adores Gledening for their "compete level", which they compare to NHL superstars like Sidney Crosby, Patrice Bergeron, and Pavel Datsyuk. With Glendening, it's all about the intangibles.
This is good for him, because tangibly, Joakim Andersson is a better hockey player.
Starting off with the offensive side of the game, Joakim Andersson can best be described as a stone-handed disappointment. They were never much of a point-producing prospect, putting up approximately one point every four games. However, he's practically Datsyukian compared to Glendening's one-in-eight pace. Even at the AHL level, where there was more an expectation to score on both of them (and where Andersson benefited greatly from being the center for Gustav Nyquist and Tomas Tatar), Glendening has produced only half as well as Andersson has.
I know, I know. Their jobs are mostly defensive. I get that. That doesn't mean that offensive production is meaningless. Fans love to criticize players who only produce points while being a defensive liability. Why should one-way players on the other side of the puck get more leeway?
Besides, provided we're looking defensively, Glendening isn't better at that either. Judging by shorthanded play, Andersson was on for a lower goal against rate and for a smaller Corsi against rate than Glendening. The even strength possession difference was stark. At 5-on-5 with the score close, Andersson saw 52.8% of the Corsi events go the Red Wings' way while Glendening lorded over a team-worst 47.3% among forwards who got into at least 40 games. Looking at usage, Glendening's slightly tougher competition and Andersson's tougher zone starts don't adequately cover for these differences.
Despite possession numbers telling a story that Andersson brings more value to the Red Wings, there are some positives that Glendening has over their competition which helps feed into the reasons why he's valued higher. For one, Glendening is a faster skater and three inches shorter. This isn't a backhanded shot at him. Glendening's speed gives them the ability to cover more ice, even with their reach disadvantage. Their smaller size (and lower center of gravity) lets them recover from hits a little faster as well. Also, I don't want to discount that it simply makes Glendening look better. Andersson has the gait of a drunken fawn and they hit people with all the grace of Stretch Armstrong. It's honestly more fun to watch Glendening running around hitting people.
Another advantage Glendening held over Andersson last season was luck. Neither player was particularly lucky as far as the traditional measure (PDO). Compared to Andersson though, Glendening is practically a lottery-winner.
Let's take a look at the way player luck factored for forwards (min. 40 games)
Player TOI SF SA SA/Min Normalized GA (sv% regressed 70%) SV% SV% Goals Gustav Nyquist 730 393 334 0.46 450.21 32.91 94.30% 25.66 Tomas Tatar 839.3 440 359 0.43 420.89 32.66 92.80% 30.30 Daniel Alfredsson 864.9 398 392 0.45 445.98 34.47 92.90% 31.66 Henrik Zetterberg 684.7 390 332 0.48 477.13 36.17 93.40% 31.49 Riley Sheahan 485.4 261 222 0.46 450.04 35.60 92.30% 34.65 Justin Abdelkader 943.9 448 459 0.49 478.50 37.13 92.80% 34.45 Johan Franzen 720 366 354 0.49 483.80 37.40 92.90% 34.35 Darren Helm 495.6 237 228 0.46 452.69 36.62 91.70% 37.57 Drew Miller 885.7 406 396 0.45 439.95 36.25 91.20% 38.72 Luke Glendening 604.9 262 300 0.50 488.01 38.02 92.70% 35.63 Pavel Datsyuk 679 353 301 0.44 436.21 37.91 89.70% 44.93 Joakim Andersson 696.7 332 316 0.45 446.31 38.52 89.90% 45.08 Daniel Cleary 551.1 240 288 0.52 514.23 41.14 92.00% 41.14 Todd Bertuzzi 676.8 294 332 0.49 482.70 43.10 88.90% 53.58
What we're looking at here is a normalized chart showing the effects of variance on a player's output. The TOI and shots for/against show the true figures for each player on ice at 5-on-5 this season. What I've done is normalized the rates of shots against for 12 minutes per game over an 82 game season to show the expected rates for goals against. This pretends that every player had even iced time and every factor which led to their shots for/against rates stayed steady (again, Andersson played a bit more defensive minutes while Glendening played slightly tougher competition... like 3/4th line instead of simply 4th line competition). This list is sorted by the amount of expected shots against multiplied by the opponents' actual shooting percentage while that player was on the ice to get the goals that player would have seen against under normalized ice time. Here you can see what a ghastly difference that a near 3% change in save percentage can make over how many goals a player will give up. Andersson saw the puck get behind their goalie much more often and that hurts severely.
So far, nobody has been able to effectively measure how much difference in save percentage a player can drive. If Glendening is good at making their goalies save almost 93% of shots, what makes Andersson bad at it? Is Pavel Datsyuk the absolute worst forward on the team in terms of preventing shot quality? I don't think so.
To at least make an attempt at figuring luck here, we'll go to the SV% Regressed column for expected goals. What this does are take the player's on-ice save percentage and get it 70% closer to the team average of 92%. Essentially, we're pretending for argument's sake that luck drives 70% of a player's effect on save percentage. Considering none of the people smarter than I am with advanced stats have proven that a player has ANY repeatable effect on save percentage, I'm throwing Glendening a decently-sized bone in saying it's not all luck here. This lowers their advantage over Andersson in assumed goals against down to 0.5 goals over an 82-game season (If you regress it 100%, Andersson is better than Glendening by 2.34 goals by virtue of how many fewer shots the opposition gets with them on the ice).
So now that we've got the defensive side, let's look at the offensive differences.
Player TOI SF SA SF/Min Normalized GF (sh% regressed 70%) SH% SH% Goals Henrik Zetterberg 684.7 390 332 0.57 560.48 50.16 10.70% 59.97 Riley Sheahan 485.4 261 222 0.54 529.10 45.77 9.70% 51.32 Pavel Datsyuk 679 353 301 0.52 511.56 43.48 9.20% 47.06 Tomas Tatar 839.3 440 359 0.52 515.86 43.07 8.70% 44.88 Justin Abdelkader 943.9 448 459 0.47 467.03 39.84 9.30% 43.43 Johan Franzen 720 366 354 0.51 500.20 41.17 8.30% 41.52 Gustav Nyquist 730 393 334 0.54 529.74 42.80 7.80% 41.32 Todd Bertuzzi 676.8 294 332 0.43 427.45 36.20 9.10% 38.90 Darren Helm 495.6 237 228 0.48 470.56 38.44 8.10% 38.12 Daniel Alfredsson 864.9 398 392 0.46 452.81 35.36 6.90% 31.24 Drew Miller 885.7 406 396 0.46 451.06 34.69 6.50% 29.32 Joakim Andersson 696.7 332 316 0.48 468.91 34.37 5.30% 24.85 Luke Glendening 604.9 262 300 0.43 426.20 31.50 5.50% 23.44 Daniel Cleary 551.1 240 288 0.44 428.52 29.35 3.70% 15.86
Here, we don't even have to regress to the team's shooting percentage (8.2% at 5-on-5) to get an advantage for Andersson. This is even when factoring in that the team shot worse with Joker on the ice than they did with Glendening. If you DO end up choosing to say that 70% of a player's effect on their team's shooting percentage is luck, Andersson's advantage approaches three goals per season.
So let's look at the differences now.
Player TOI SF SA Effective G Differential Expected (regressed) G Differential Henrik Zetterberg 684.7 390 332 28.48 14.00 Tomas Tatar 839.3 440 359 14.58 10.41 Riley Sheahan 485.4 261 222 16.67 10.17 Gustav Nyquist 730 393 334 15.66 9.89 Pavel Datsyuk 679 353 301 2.13 5.58 Johan Franzen 720 366 354 7.17 3.77 Justin Abdelkader 943.9 448 459 8.98 2.71 Darren Helm 495.6 237 228 0.54 1.82 Daniel Alfredsson 864.9 398 392 -0.42 0.89 Drew Miller 885.7 406 396 -9.40 -1.57 Joakim Andersson 696.7 332 316 -20.23 -4.15 Luke Glendening 604.9 262 300 -12.18 -6.52 Todd Bertuzzi 676.8 294 332 -14.68 -6.90 Daniel Cleary 551.1 240 288 -25.28 -11.78
The Effective Goal Differential shows what normalizing the shots, but keeping the same shooting and save percentages would do, while the expected regressed differential corrects for luck. We can see that normalizing playing time across all forwards and holding all other factors constant, Glendening would have been 8 goals better than Andersson last season in terms of effectiveness on even strength. If we correct for luck however, the advantage disappears completely, instead tilting to Andersson's side (we can also see how brutally awful Dan Cleary was last season, but that's not the point of this comparison).
Last Defense
There is one more argument about Glendening left. This says that Glendening can handle and even frustrate a team's best players, allowing their teammates to get better matchups. Glendening is essentially a sacrificial lamb. Looking at the relationship between Glendening's Corsi, CorsiRel, and ice time, the Wings has a 51.4% Corsi Rating at 5-on-5 in games featuring Luke Glendening. In games not featuring Luke Glendening, the Red Wings' Corsi Rating was... (drumroll)...51.4%
If they make the team better, it's not showing in a tangible manner.
Conclusion
It's not difficult to see why fans prefer Luke Glendening to Joakim Andersson. Their play looks better and the team got better results with them on the ice. The coach raves about them and, let's face it: Luke Glendening looks like Tom Hardy while Joakim Andersson looks like a guy who went to my high school who everybody called "Fart Knocker."
Objectively, the Red Wings are probably better with neither player on the ice regularly, but when you dig into the underlying figures and correct for the things which a player can actually control, Joakim Andersson is a better choice.
[Thanks to Extraskater.com for much of the data in this post]
It was kind of a shock to see Robert Borosage of the Campaign for America's Future actually make it onto Fox News yesterday to talk about that statement from 300 progressive economists urging Congress to proceed apace with President Obama's infrastructure-investment stimulus proposal, because such views so rarely get aired on Fox.
Of course, they brought on right-wing economist Peter Schiff -- an Austrian-school economist long associated with Ron Paul -- to argue that the reason George W. Bush's economic approach failed was that they were too much of a socialist. Right.
Moreover, Schiff's solution to everything is "free markets" and ending all government intervention. Which, in reality, is exactly what got us into this mess in the first place: The GOP's "small government" mantra, after all, led to the massive deregulation and breakdown of economic firewalls that produced this ongoing recession. If anyone listened to Schiff, we'd essentially be taking a big dose of PCBs to cure our cancer.
Here's the economists' statement:
Today there is a grave danger that the still-fragile economic recovery will be undercut by austerity economics. A turn by major governments away from the promotion of growth and jobs and to premature focus on deficit reduction could slow growth and increase unemployment – and could push us back into recession. History suggests that a tenuous recovery is no time to practice austerity. In the Great Depression, Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal generated growth and reduced the unemployment rate from 25 percent in 1932 to less than 10 percent in 1937. However, the deficit hawks of that era persuaded President Roosevelt to reverse course prematurely and move toward budget balance. The result was a severe recession that caused the economy to contract sharply and sent the unemployment rate soaring. Only the much larger wartime spending of the early 1940s produced a full recovery. Today, the economy is growing only weakly. 7.8 million jobs have been lost in the recession. Consumers, having suffered losses in home values and retirement savings, are tightening their belts. The business sector, uncertain about consumer spending, is reluctant to invest in expansion or job creation, leaving the economy trapped on a path of slow growth or stagnation. Over 20 million American workers are now unemployed, underemployed or simply have given up looking for a job. The President and Congress should redouble efforts to create jobs and send aid to the states whose budget crises threaten recovery by forcing them to lay off school teachers, public safety workers, and other essential workers. It also makes sense to invest in public service jobs – and in infrastructure projects for transportation, water, and energy conservation that will make our economy more productive for years to come.
Be sure to read the whole thing [PDF file].
Borosage also wrote a piece outlining the statement and the reasoning behind it:
None of this is radical. Even the market fundamentalists at the International Monetary Fund are warning the U.S. against a premature turn to deficit reduction. Any honest investor would agree that this is a great opportunity to rebuild America. No one with any familiarity with the federal budget would disagree that it is health care costs that drive long-term deficits and terrifying debt projections. And America's watchword is optimism, a belief that we can forge our own future. Have we become so timid or confused that we will now lower our sights, concentrate on balancing our books, and forgo making the reforms vital to creating an economy the works? I don't think so. It is a measure of how distorted our political debate has become that common sense is so rare. But what's the alternative? "Hell no, you can't," taunted Republican House minority leader John Boehner in the health care debate. Good theater—but it won't take us where we need to go.
We can't expect Republicans to listen: They're too intent on proving their broken and misshapen ideology right even after its gross failures have been manifested. But Democrats better listen up.
Disclaimer: the previous version of this article simply disappeared. It's just gone. It does not really fill you with trust towards WordPress; I hope it's only a glitch that will not surface again…
Anyhow.
The ARL-44 was a peculiar tank. Design started immediately after Paris was liberated (hence the “44” in the name -signifying the date), and was more of an effort to re-establish France's heavy industry, tank production, and to retain its talent, than actually an attempt at designing a modern tank.
The design called for a 48 ton heavy tank with a high calibre armament. Due to the wartime shortages, and the consequences of German occupation, the design had to incorporate several compromises. Its design is based on the pre-war French tanks, but it also bears some resemblance to the later German tank designs (it does look like a child of a Tiger II and a B1). The power plant was chosen to be captured German Maybach engines (HL230 600 hp), and the first prototype turret was armed with an American 76mm gun, which was later replaced by a new turret, and a 90mm DC45 tank gun. The turret was well armoured and large; an actual car engine was used to rotate it.
Not only the overall design was anachronistic; the suspension, drive wheels and the tracks were quite old-fashioned as well. The armour was well sloped at 120mm. By 1945 the need for a heavy tank disappeared, but the French authorities decided to press ahead with the production of 60 vehicles (downsized from the original 600). This was a political -and an economical- decision, rather than a military one as it was mentioned previously. This showed an incredible amount of foresight on behalf of the decision makers in my opinion.
The production trials started in 1947, and delivery started in 1949. The tanks were used to replace the captured Panthers the 503e Régiment de Chars de Combat regiment operated. (Which is also an interesting story by itself.)
In service the ARL-44 was found to be less than satisfactory. The suspension, gearbox and other parts of the running gear had frequent breakdowns, which resulted in the tank being recalled from active service in 1953, and replaced by the M47 Patton tanks.
Review
Cromwell Models sent the model in a simple ziplock bag; no artwork, and no instructions included. The parts were undamaged during transit.
The model is cast in a yellowish resin. The casting generally is good, although some issues are visible (around one of the drive wheels, and there was a bubble in the muzzle break). This is not surprising, considering how intricate the parts are; the level of detail moulded on is pretty impressive.
Some of the resin parts are incredibly fine; the gun lock in particular is a wonder by itself. It's moulded onto some resin support; despite my worst fears it was very easy to cut it free without snapping it.
The hull is essentially one piece: everything is moulded on: tracks, running gear, everything. It's attached to the moulding block through the tracks; you'll need a large, fine saw to cut it free. (And you'll need to be careful, not to cut into the tracks. A word about sawing resin: resin dust is toxic. Use wet sawing, wet sanding techniques when working with resin to minimize harm to yourself and others around you.)
The lack of instructions is not really an issue for this model; the number of parts are so low, it's really not that difficult to figure out what goes where. (Although I still cannot figure out where that cross-like part is going…)
The gun barrel is very nicely done; it's straight (not always the case with resin models), and the bubble on the underside of the muzzle break was easy to fill in.
The only minor issue I had was the top of the turret: the surface is marred by tiny little holes, which I completely missed at the priming phase. (I normally use black primer). They should be easy to fill in, if you catch them BEFORE you paint the tank. Well, lesson learned; it's grey primer from now on.
Since I play World of Tanks, I've decided to paint my model using the non-historic bluish-greenish color the French tanks come with. It took me a while to achieve the desired color. I kept mixing different ratio of blues and greens; unfortunately I can't recall the formula of the most successful one.
I used filters to modulate the color even further.
I've used some left-over decals from a French M5 Stuart to dress it up a bit. (The printing on the decals is awful, but they do give a little color to the tank.) I was seriously tempted to use the branch/leaf camo pattern from World of Tanks, though, but since I was doing a review I decided to forgo the silliness. If I get another French tank that is in the game, I'll do the pattern, though.
After some protective varnish I used oil paints to do pin washes and streaks.
I used pigments for the accumulated dirt: added them dry, and used white spirit to dissolve them. A clean brush helped to make sure the extra pigments are taken away.
Advertisements
Florida is getting close to making a decision on a backup quarterback, offensive coordinator Kurt Roper said on Tuesday. Head coach Will Muschamp had previously said the team would put both Will Grier and Treon Harris in live contact for Monday and Tuesday's practice and make an evaluation after that.
"Obviously it's getting close to decision time, but it's a fluid thing because you never know what can happen," Roper said.
There was no clear leader for the job through eight open practices in fall camp, and many have wondered if the fact that Harris' running ability could add a dimension to the Florida offense even with a healthy Jeff Driskel could work in their favor. GatorBait.net asked Roper how that weighs against simply getting the best quarterback on the field in the event Driskel goes down with an injury.
"Well, I think the first thought process is if Jeff goes down, you've got to be prepared to go win that game when it happens," Roper said. "That's really where the decision starts and why it never stops and can always be fluid."
- Neighbors in a community in the east Tampa area, near Mango, woke up Monday to some jarring political vandalism that included at least one attempted arson.
Hillsborough County deputies said they received a call at around 12:15 a.m. about a fire at a mobile home on Bryan Road.
"My husband came out at about 1:00 to have a cigarette before bed and noticed the inside of the house is glowing orange and it's on fire," said Deidra Russell, whose husband then called 911. "I don't like them smoking cigarettes but I'm really lucky they went and had one because, if not, they were going to bed. We would have never known."
Investigators said the same criminals are believed to have vandalized two other homes with anti-Donald Trump graffiti, including a message that read, "burn everything."
"That's not a form of protest. That's a form of criminal acts and that's the way we treat it. These houses were vacant, fortunately, but there were also houses right next, within the vicinity, that were not vacant," said Hillsborough County Detective Larry McKinnon.
Some neighbors said this makes them want to move; others are concerned the criminals will try again.
"I'm also afraid, I thought they would come back last night, maybe tonight, because they didn't get to accomplish what they wanted," Russell said. "We got on top of the fire. The fire department was out here, it's out, the house is still standing and they keep coming back so they're clearly not satisfied. So now I have to worry about our safety. What if it's our house next?"
Russell said she's not sure why someone would target their community. They told FOX 13 no one there is politically outspoken and there weren't any signs posted in yards during the campaign.
Anyone with information should call the sheriff's office.
ESPN next used the box for its Sunday night N.F.L. broadcasts. Fox deployed it for baseball in 1995, and other networks developed their versions. They are now ubiquitous, in myriad sports on national networks and regional sports channels, and are more often dashboards stripped across the top or bottom of screens than boxes, containing all manner of statistics and ads that drop down or pop up out of them.
Some make sounds when they appear on screen, and some flip to reveal promotions, as when NBCSN used N.H.L. playoff games to promote the Belmont Stakes.
At ESPN, a small group of employees devotes much of its time to determining how to improve the look and impact of these information strips. Spike Szykowny, senior director of motion graphics at ESPN, said there had been debate for years about where to put dashboards (top or bottom?) and boxes (which corner?), about adding sponsors to the graphics, about what information to add and about how much of the screen the box or dashboard should occupy.
During an interview last month, Szykowny said, “We were working on our new college playoff graphic package the other day, and I said to somebody, ‘You'd think we were preparing to do major surgery.' ”
ESPN is using a relatively modest dashboard for the World Cup in Brazil, which began Thursday, with the names of the national teams flanking the score and a sponsor's name sticking out of its right side. The design is dictated by FIFA, so the network cannot tinker too much, but the teams' jersey colors are there, and information like upcoming games drops down from the dashboard.
Looking back, Drake said they were surprised that it took until the mid-1990s for the score box to appear and become an essential part of the viewing experience.
“It's one of those things that when you see it, you realize, O.K., it makes a lot of sense,” they said. “Why didn't somebody think of it before?”
Tweet
Săptămâna viitoare, pe 7 februarie, pentru prima dată de când a fost ales Președinte al Moldovei în noiembrie 2016, Igor Dodon este așteptat la Bruxelles unde va avea loc prima întrevedere cu Uniunea Europeană.
Agenda lui politică este fățiș „pro-rusă” și împotriva Acordului de Asociere cu UE, care din iulie 2016 este pe deplin în vigoare. Acest acord prevede o zonă de liber schimb aprofundat și cuprinzător (ZLSAC), care îi acordă Moldovei acces deplin la piața UE practic pentru toate produsele, iar Moldova are la dispoziție până la 10 ani pentru a proceda în mod similar, eliminând tarifele la importurile din UE.
Președintele Igor Dodon a desfășurat prima sa vizită în străinătate la Moscova, în perioada 16-17 ianuarie, unde a avut discuții cu Președintele Vladimir Putin și alți oficiali ruși de rang înalt. La conferința de presă cu Vladimir Putin, Dodon a menționat că Acordul de Asociere „nu a adus nimic bun Moldovei”, că ar susține denunțarea acestuia și ar iniția în schimb o cooperare activă cu Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică.
Conferința de presă a Președinților Vladimir Putin și Igor Dodon, Moscova, 17 ianuarie 2017. Extras: „Suntem pragmatici și înțelegem că există un Acord de Asociere cu Uniunea Europeană. Printre altele, eu, în mod repetat, m-am exprimat împotriva semnării Acordului. Consider că acest Acord nu a adus nimic bun pentru Moldova. Am pierdut piața rusă și, cât nu ar fi de straniu, volumul exporturilor noastre în UE tot a scăzut. Adică, nu am primit nimic de la semnarea acestui Acord. Nu exclud că, după următoarele alegeri parlamentare, aceasta va fi poziția majorității parlamentare și eu o voi susține. Iată este Partidul Socialiștilor – sper că ei vor obține majoritatea parlamentară și acest Acord va fi anulat. În ceea ce privește cooperarea cu Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică – ea este foarte importantă. Domnul Putin a vorbit despre acest fapt. Dimineața am avut o întrevedere cu conducerea Comisiei Economice Eurasiatice. Astăzi am înaintat inițiativa de a semna un memorandum-cadru de cooperare cu UEEA. Am convenit că vom începe consultările în următoarele săptămâni și pentru a semna acest memorandum în următoarele câteva luni. El nu contravine altor acorduri pe care Moldova le are deja semnate cu alți parteneri, dar este primul pas spre o apropiere. L-am rugat pe domnul Putin să examineze oportunitatea de a-i acorda Moldovei statutul de observator în cadrul Comisiei Economice Eurasiatice. Consider că acesta este un pas bun pentru ca noi să vedem ce trebuie de făcut și cum de făcut, precum și pentru ca să acumulăm informații din ambele părți”. Sursa: http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/53744
La momentul de față Dodon nu are autoritatea de a face așa ceva, deoarece competențele lui constituționale ca Președinte sunt limitate, iar majoritatea parlamentară și guvernul sunt dominate de partide cu agendă pro-europeană, care nu sunt de acord cu el. Totuși, nu mai târziu de anul 2018 vor avea loc alegeri parlamentare și Dodon urmărește obținerea unei majorități parlamentare la acel moment, astfel încât să poată merge înainte cu obiectivele sale.
În contextul vizitei sale de la Bruxelles trebuie, întâi de toate, să clarificăm faptele. Pe parcursul ultimului deceniu, structura comerțului moldovenesc s-a schimbat masiv în direcția UE și tot mai departe de Rusia. Datele de bază sunt următoarele (vedeți și Figura 1)[3]:
Exporturile moldovenești spre UE au crescut de la 444 milioane dolari SUA în anul 2005 la 1.218 milioane dolari SUA în anul 2015, ceea ce reprezintă o creștere de 274%.
Pe parcursul aceleiași perioade, exporturile moldovenești spre Rusia au scăzut de la 347 milioane dolari SUA la 241 milioane dolari SUA, ceea ce reprezintă o scădere de 30%.
Sursa: Biroul Național de Statistică al Republicii Moldova[4]
Pe termen mai scurt, în perioada de negociere, semnare și intrare în vigoare a Acordului de Asociere cu UE, situația a fost identică:
Exporturile moldovenești spre UE au crescut de la 1.103 milioane dolari SUA în anul 2012 până la 1.218 milioane dolari SUA în anul 2015, o creștere de 11%, pe când exporturile spre Rusia au fost în scădere.
Chiar dacă Rusia ar elimina sancțiunile aplicate exporturilor din Moldova, iar acestea ar reveni de la nivelul 241 milioane dolari SUA în 2015 la nivelul de 404 milioane dolari SUA în 2010, acestea oricum nu ar reprezenta mai mult de o treime din nivelul curent al exporturilor spre UE (Figura 1).
O situație similară și de-a dreptul spectaculoasă se observă și în cazul regiunii transnistrene, unde la fel a crescut ponderea exporturilor spre UE de la 20% în anul 2005 la aproximativ 66% în perioada 2015-2016, pe când exporturile spre Rusia au scăzut dramatic de la 40% în anul 2005 la 8% în perioada 2015-2016[5]. Acest lucru demonstrează că și regiunea separatistă controlată de Rusia a trebuit să se miște radical spre piața UE, fapt pe care Președintele Dodon l-a ignorat în totalitate pe parcursul vizitei sale la Moscova.
Motivele orientării spre UE sunt clare. UE deja liberaliza importurile din Moldova de prin anul 2006 (prin intermediul Sistemului Generalizat de Preferințe – GSP, GSP+) și, mai activ, după anul 2008 (Preferințele Comerciale Autonome), înainte de semnarea Acordului de Asociere. Între timp Rusia a preferat să procedeze invers și să sancționeze importurile din Moldova apelând la manipularea în scopuri politice cu standardelor tehnice, în special fiind vorba de standarde privind siguranța produselor agricole (atât pentru cele de origine vegetală, cât și cele de origine animală).
Alegerea politică a Moscovei a fost că Moldova trebuie pedepsită dur pentru aprofundarea cooperării cu UE. Mai exact, în septembrie 2013 Rusia a interzis importul de vinuri moldovenești, în iulie 2014 a interzis importul de fructe și legume proaspete, iar în August 2014 a introdus taxe de import la 19 categorii de produse (contrar obligațiilor prevăzute de Acordul privind Zona de Comerț Liber din cadrul CSI, pe care ambele state l-au ratificat[6]).
Este absolut contrar regulilor Organizației Mondiale a Comerțului de a manipula, în scopuri politice, cu standarde tehnice, obiective din punct de vedere științific. Dar Rusia nu ia în serios regulile OMC atunci, când acestea contravin intereselor sale geopolitice de a intimida și a pedepsi vecinii mici pentru comportament insubordonat (adică independent). Rusia a aplicat aceleași metode, în paralel, față de Ucraina și Georgia.
Din 2015, Moscova a început să redeschidă parțial piața sa pentru anumite bunuri moldovenești (legume și fructe, vinuri etc.), dar pentru un număr limitat de companii, majoritatea din ele fiind originare din regiuni cu manifestări pro-ruse – autonomia găgăuză și regiunea separatistă transnistreană. Rusia a început să aplice principiul „biciului și turtei dulci” pentru a spori tensiunea și divergențele dintre autoritățile centrale pro-europene ale Moldovei și Unitatea Teritorială Autonomă Găgăuzia.
Noua interdependență economică a Moldovei cu piața europeană și declinul dependenței de piața Rusiei are proporții enorme. Moldova acum depinde de piața UE de cinci ori mai mult decât de cea rusească, ponderile fiind prezentate în continuare (Figura 2)[7].
Sursa: Biroul Național de Statistică al Republicii Moldova[8]
Exporturi spre Rusia 12%
Exporturi spre UE 62%
Exporturi spre „piața europeană lărgită” 72%
În prezent Moldova extinde rețeaua sa de acorduri de liber schimb cu state din „piața europeană lărgită”, care constă din toți vecinii apropiați ai UE, cu care aceasta are acorduri de liber schimb. Aici sunt incluse, în afară de UE, statele membre ale EFTA (Norvegia și altele), CEFTA (statele din Balcani ce nu fac parte din UE), Uniunea Vamală a UE (Turcia), partenerii UE sud-mediteraneeni, precum și alți parteneri ai Moldovei în cadrul ZLSAC (Ucraina, Georgia). Moldova este atât liberă, cât și încurajată să consolideze această rețea de zone de liber schimb. Această piață europeană lărgită cuprinde 72% din totalul exporturilor moldovenești. Toate acestea ar dispărea dacă Moldova ar accede în Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică, pe care o propune Președintele Dodon.
UE, de rând cu FMI, a acordat Moldovei asistență creditară macroeconomică substanțială, asistență considerabilă sub formă de granturi, iar Banca Europeană de Investiții (BEI) și Banca Europeană pentru Reconstrucție și Dezvoltare (BERD) au devenit cele mai mari surse de investiții străine.
Examinând oportunitatea de a se apropia sau chiar intra în Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică, Președintele Dodon ar trebui să se gândească mai mult la experiența Armeniei, deoarece el, în esență, vrea să realizeze o repetare întârziată a scenariului Armeniei din anul 2013. Armenia, la fel ca Moldova, Georgia și Ucraina, a negociat un Acord de Asociere și ZLSAC cu UE, care urma să fie semnat în noiembrie 2013, în cadrul unui summit UE de la Vilnius. Rusia a fost împotriva acestui fapt și l-a invitat Președintele Armeniei la Moscova cu două luni mai devreme, în septembrie, la o ședință absolut netransparentă. Ca rezultat, Armenia a cedat presiunii Rusiei de a refuza semnarea Acordului cu UE și a adera la Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică. Quid pro quo-ul acestei schimbări radicale nu a fost dezvăluit vreodată, dar se presupune pe larg că Rusia a aplicat șantajul, cu amenințări de a slăbi garanția de securitate a Armeniei în raport cu Azerbaidjan și de a înrăutăți viața diasporei armenești din Rusia.
În rezultatul aderării la Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică, Armenia a fost obligată să mărească tarifele la import în cadrul OMC, astfel excluzându-se de pe piața europeană și cea mondială. Armenia a devenit atât nesatisfăcută de acest fapt, încât a solicitat scutiri de la tariful extern comun al Uniunii Economice Eurasiatice pentru tocmai 800 de linii tarifare și a trebuit să petreacă primul an în cadrul Uniunii în încercări de a negocia, cel puțin, niște aranjamente de încetinire, dacă nu de stopare a pașilor protecționiști din cadrul Uniunii. Pe lângă toate acestea, economia Rusiei a intrat în recesiune și a tras în jos cu sine și restul membrilor Uniunii Eurasiatice. Cifrele prezintă o scădere a exporturilor din Armenia spre Rusia de la 331.9 milioane euro în anul 2013 la 225.8 milioane USD în anul 2015 (fără re-exporturi)[9]. Pe scurt, dacă Președintele Dodon ar privi experiența Armeniei în cadrul Uniunii Economice Eurasiatice, el nu ar vedea un tablou deloc plăcut.
În câteva cuvinte, toate acestea înseamnă că Președintele Dodon deja dăunează economiei moldovenești prin crearea unei incertitudini strategice privind viitorul țării pentru investitorii străini. Ideea ca Moldova să denunțe Acordul de Asociere cu UE pentru a adera la Uniunea Economică Eurasiatică este posibilă din punct de vedere tehnic și este o opțiune politică deschisă în situația la zi (cu 40-50% de susținere potrivit sondajelor recente). Totuși, un astfel de pas ar fi foarte aproape de un suicid economic pentru Moldova.
Articol scris de Michael Emerson[1] și Denis Cenușă[2] – aparut initial pe platforma CEPS (Centrul pentru Studii Politice Europene) in limba engleza
[1]Centrul pentru Studii Politice Europene (CEPS), Bruxelles
[2]Expert-Grup, Chișinău
[3] Biroul Național de Statistică al Republicii Moldova
[4] Datele exclud exporturile din regiunea separatistă transnistreană.
[5]http://expert-grup.org/media/k2/attachments/RER_Transnistria_July_2016_EN.pdf
[6] Acordul privind Zona de Comerț Liber din cadrul CSI, http://cis.minsk.by/reestr/ru/printPreview/text?id=3183
[7]Biroul Național de Statistică al Republicii Moldova.
[8]Datele exclud exporturile din regiunea separatistă transnistreană.
[9]UN Comtrade, datele exclud re-exporturile.
Ai informatii despre tema de mai sus? Poti contribui la o mai buna intelegere a subiectului? Scrie articolul tau si trimite-l la editor[at]contributors.ro
Auschwitz borders. That ominous phrase, so elegant in its horror. A go-to mantra of the right for more than four decades, it has proven so durable in linking a West Bank withdrawal to the annihilation of the State of Israel that it has outlasted countless anti-peace process ad campaigns (Yesha zeh kan the ubiquitous signs once read: Judea, Samaria and Gaza are right here).
Just last week, National Infrastructure Minister Uzi Landau, addressing a settler protest against the government, explicitly summoned up the specter of Auschwitz borders to explain why Israel must never return West Bank and East Jerusalem land. There was some irony in the timing, however: Two days after Landaus speech, a demographic study showed that at this point, it is the Auschwitz borders that are right here.
National Infrastructure Minister Uzi Landau Tess Scheflan
The report, by Hebrew University demographer Sergio DellaPergola, found that Jews, as defined according to the Interior Ministrys criteria, now represent slightly less than 50 percent of the total population of Israel, the West Bank and Gaza. If people ask when Jews will lose their majority, DellaPergola was quoted as saying, referring to the land between the Mediterranean and the Jordan, then its already happened.
That is to say, had Israel taken the advice of the right in 2005, and quashed the notion of a pullout from Gaza, non-Jews would already constitute the majority in land under Israeli control. In a mere six days, the disengagement gave Israeli Jews a population edge of 1.5 million, but the margin is anything but assured.
We know down deep that the loss of a Jewish majority is how the Jewish state ends. And in our heart of hearts, we already know how this plays out. Stall to death any reasonable peace overture. Pointedly ignore the Palestinian Authoritys dedication to and success in curbing terrorism. Foster settlement even if it means endangering the security relationship with our one imperative ally, Washington. Result: preclude an independent Palestinian state in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. The Auschwitz borders will be sealed. And, with them, Israels fate.
Differences in Jewish and Arab birthrates are only the beginning. The very measures Israel is taking and will need to take to offset the ill effects of keeping the West Bank and all of Jerusalem may themselves lead to an atmosphere in which sizable numbers of Jews seriously consider making their futures elsewhere.
The more anti-democratic the laws passed to shore up a diminishing Jewish majority, the more repressive the anti-Palestinian measures ordered to shield settlement, and the faster and more profoundly Israels legitimacy will be eroded. Rejection of peace talks will cost Israel dearly in diplomacy with moderate Arab states. The choice of permanent occupation over addressing reasonable Palestinian aspirations will make it more and more difficult for Israels allies to understand and support its measures for self-defense. An Israeli last stand for occupation will further strengthen the hand of Iran and, with it, Hezbollah and Hamas.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
If the right succeeds in quashing the two-state option, and the Palestinian Authority disintegrates, leaving the local field to Hamas, such targets as Ben-Gurion International Airport, the towers of Tel Aviv and the settlements themselves will be much more difficult to defend. The security burden of policing an anarchic West Bank will greatly intensify. The number of secular soldiers avoiding army service will mount. For many of those who do serve, years of corrosive duty, patrolling the likes of Hebron and the Gilad Farm, will tempt them to make their after-army trip abroad as permanent as the occupation. The longer the occupation endures, the more likely it is that Jews will find themselves a minority in Israel and the West Bank. The apartheid analogy will be complete.
Israel will be increasingly vulnerable to economic sanctions and loss of investor confidence. As morale darkens, the societys ability to withstand the threats of terrorism, a resolute Iran and a brittle economy will be compromised. A foreign passport will become an increasingly valued commodity.
In a perverse new reading of Never again! many Jews, sensing that these Auschwitz lines have become a trap, arent about to wait around for the end this time. Those who can get out, will. Those who cant, will watch how Greater Israel has given way and given birth to an independent Palestine from the river to the sea.
The right, which never misses an opportunity to quote Abba Ebans 1969 statement about the pre-Six-Day War borders being Auschwitz borders, fails to mention that its author ardently supported ceding occupied land for the sake of Israels future. Indeed, Eban once told a hard-line government that in refusing territorial compromise, Israel was tearing up its own birth certificate. Israels birth is intrinsically and intimately linked with the idea of sharing territory and sovereignty.
The right is unmoved. If the religious among them are correct, any demographic issues will be rendered irrelevant by the coming of the Messiah, who constitutes a democracy of one.
And if the right is wrong? Still traumatized by the Gaza disengagement, the pro-settlement minority has put the rest of us on notice: If the right cant have Israel, then none of us will.
JERSEY CITY - Kendall Robinson's nonprofit organization started with a simple, but charitable idea: distribute an often overlooked commodity to the homeless population in their hometown of Atlanta.
Toilet paper.
Just over a year later, the 16-year-old's organization, Love Rolls, has garnered the attention of state and federal politicians and has received an impressive number of donations from major corporations.
"(Love Rolls) has blown up beyond what my daughter originally thought it was going to be, and that's a good thing!" said Kendall's mother, Felicia Robinson. "It has been a huge blessing."
Through a partnership with the Community Food Bank of New Jersey and the Nu Lambda Lambda chapter of the Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Love Rolls will host its first out-of-state toilet paper drive at the Mary McLeod Bethune Center in Jersey City on Dec. 10.
And while this is the first time Kendall, their mother, and younger sister, will be traveling out of Georgia for their organization, it certainly isn't the first time Love Rolls has had an impact on communities beyond Atlanta.
Cricket Wireless - a subsidiary of AT&T - contacted the family after the August flood in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and asked if Love Rolls would contribute toilet paper to flood victims.
"We didn't go to Louisiana, but the Love Rolls still made it there," Felicia said.
It all began when Kendall attended a Teen Youth Summit program with the Community Food Bank in Atlanta in the summer of 2015. They met a homeless man who told them that they try to make due with one roll of toilet paper for an entire month.
"Kendall came home and couldn't believe it," their mother recalled.
From that point on, they were determined to make their charity drive happen. On April 27, Felicia shared on their Facebook page what Kendall planned to do, and the response was tremendous: every day for an entire month there was a new box of donated toilet paper on their door step.
In fact, one of their friends from Jersey City shipped more than 300 rolls.
"We could tell it was really striking a chord," Felicia said.
The organization, which became a 501(c)(3) non-profit this fall, has had the help of various toilet paper-related companies including Georgia-Pacific, which pledged more than 100,000 rolls over the next year to the organization. Kimberly Clark, the company that manufacturs of Scott Toilet Paper, donated 75,000 rolls before Love Rolls was even considered a nonprofit organization.
Other companies, including Chick-Fil-A and Marriott International, have expressed their admiration over the Robinson family's charitable work as well.
After a month of their charity, Kendall got to meet with the Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal, and even received an acknowledgment letter from President Obama himself.
There's always been some sort of charity in Kendall's life: from girl scouts, to charitable work they did abroad in Athens, Greece, and Ecuador.
"I've been doing charity work ever since I was little," Kendall said. "I know how much I've been blessed and it's important that if you are bestowed a lot of blessings, you're supposed to give them back and help others who aren't as fortunate."
But it seems Kendall knows exactly where their passion came from.
"My Mother (inspires me to do charity work) because she's always encouraged me to volunteer ever since I was little," they said. "She always made sure that - they wanted to instill values in us that are not selfish and to make sure that we are always thinking of other people and not just about ourselves."
Chumbawamba's single is definitely one of those tracks that's become known as an earworm; once inside your head, it's very hard to dislodge. It's also an unusual commercial hit in that it came from a resolutely anti-commercial bunch of anarchic folk-punkers. It even reached number six in the USA, though one can assume that buyers were unaware of the band's socialist leanings. It's also obviously the song's infectiousness (as well as the lyrical refrain of getting back up having been knocked down) that led Nike to offer the band $1.5 million for use of the song. The band said they considered the offer for all of 30 seconds before saying "no". But they still enraged hard-core fans by signing with the major label EMI: seemingly going against their anti-corporate stance. EMI would later drop the band for their political activism.
Tubthumping is lyrically ambiguous, yet the band have adjusted the lyrics in the live setting to offer support to death row inmate Mumia Abu-Jamil and to criticise Tony Blair's stance over their refusal to support the Liverpool docker's strikes. The band has also campaigned for the miners, for animal rights and against homophobia. They've questioned Bob Geldof's motives for organising Live Aid and raised money for the Zeebrugge Ferry disaster. They were nothing if not polemical, impassioned and interesting. The band seemed to stand for that classic British trait of fair play and decency.
I am/We are a
Man Woman Couple (man and woman) Couple (2 women) Couple (2 men) Group (men and/or women) TS/TV/TG
seeking a
Man Woman Couple (man and woman) Couple (2 women) Couple (2 men) Group (men and/or women) TS/TV/TG
between the ages of
and
Country
United States Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central Afr. Rep. Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dom. Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Guiana Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Mongolia Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria North Korea Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia & Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka St. Kitts & Nevis St. Lucia St. Vincent & the Grenadines Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine U.A.E. United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
State/Province
Any
Zip Code (U.S. only)
DHAKA (Reuters) - A pilot with the Bangladesh national carrier Bangladesh Biman was arrested on Wednesday suspected of terrorism offences, including plotting to keep passengers hostage and flying a plane into the houses of top government leaders, police said.
Sabbir Enam, 31, was detained on Tuesday and formally arrested on Wednesday, a senior police official said.
Rapid Action Battalion, the special security force of Bangladesh police, arrested them and three others, including their mother, said Mufti Mahmud Khan, a director of the RAB responsible for the legal and media wing of the force.
They told Reuters that Sabbir had close links with the militant group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) and was planning to fly a plane into the residences of top government leaders.
“He also had plans to take a flight, keeping passengers as hostage, (and heading) to some Middle Eastern country,” Mufti said.
No further details of the plans, or if or when they were ever to be carried out, were immediately available. The arrested pilot was not available for comment.
JMB is an Islamic militant organization which in 2005, detonated 500 bombs at 300 locations across the country. Its aim is to set up an Islamic state.
Changes to blood donation rules will affect collection in Waterloo region, local officials say.
As of December 10, women will need to wait 12 weeks between blood donations, up from the current eight weeks, Canadian Blood Services announced yesterday.
The extra four week wait presents a challenge to blood clinics, said Tara Gutscher, the Waterloo region territory manager for the service.
In KW, "it could only be about 25 to 50 donations per week, but we do need up to 400 donations every week to meet our hospital targets, so it will be an impact depending on when females do decide to donate," Gutscher said.
"We need 348 new blood donors within the next four weeks just to help with the collections here locally, so it's really asking people who have never donated before to come out and give it a try and to help save lives."
'Slightly stricter' hemoglobin test
Canadian Blood Services said it's changing the guidelines for iron levels "to further promote health and wellness among blood donors."
As part of those guidelines, the agency also announced both men and women will need to undergo a "slightly stricter" hemoglobin test – as of March 5, 2017, men will have a minimum allowable hemoglobin level of 130 g/L, up from 125 g/L.
Canadian Blood Services said there is a need for 100,000 new donors across the country this year.
In a release, Michael Betel, director of donor relations in Ontario, encouraged people to help "fill this gap by giving blood and encouraging friends and family to make giving a part of their lives."
The Scaling Bitcoin conference, held at the Politecnico Milan, returned for its third iteration this weekend, with the focus throughout the speaking slots and workshops shifting away from scaling alone. Emphasizing that Bitcoin faces a more diverse set of challenges, this year's edition of the technical conference included a broad range of topics. Chief among them was fungibility — the idea that each bitcoin should be as valuable as any other bitcoin, regardless of transaction history.
The tone for this third Scaling Bitcoin edition was set with the workshop's first overview presentation by program chair and Blockstream developer Matt Corallo, and newly appointed Blockstream CEO Dr. Adam Back.
“If there are doubts about coins you receive, then people are going to go to taint services and check whether these coins are ‘blessed,'” Back explained. “And [if not], then people are going to refuse to trade them. What this does are it transitions bitcoin from a decentralized permissionless system into a centralized permissioned system where you have an ‘IOU' from the blacklist providers.”
Following up on Corallo and Back's opening presentation, the first half of the first conference day focused on fungibility exclusively. Speakers presented proposals that included JoinMarket, a marketplace for CoinJoin transactions to aggregate several transactions into one bigger transaction, and TumbleBit, a trustless mixing service.
A dedicated workshop continued the discussion that same afternoon. Fungibility remained on top of everyone's mind throughout the weekend — optimistically — with topics including Schnorr signatures to incentivize CoinJoin transactions, coin-selection schemes for improved privacy, and BIP 151 for end-to-end encryption.
“Most of the [scalability improvements] have not been implemented or don't have heavy use,” said Corallo in the conclusion of their opening talk. “But we do know how to fix Bitcoin and make it act like what we want it to be, rather than the traceable asset it acts like today.”
Lightning Scaling
On the subject of scaling itself, the technical community seemed to broadly agree that optimizations and second-layer solutions are the preferred way forward for now. While segments of the Bitcoin community are still dedicated to increasing transaction throughput by increasing the block size limit — with some of them gathering at an alternative event on Saturday night — the Scaling Bitcoin workshops predominantly focused on alternative solutions.
The lightning network in particular claimed a significant chunk of presentation slots. Through clever use of Bitcoin's programmable elements such as multi-signature and time locks, lightning users should be able to make a virtually unlimited number of off-chain transactions at low cost, potentially boosting Bitcoin's micropayment ability and overall scalability. Given that most lightning transactions wouldn't be recorded on the blockchain at all, it could offer other benefits, too.
“We're excited about lightning because the second layer could be an important opportunity to improve privacy and fungibility,” Lightning Labs' Olaoluwa Osuntokun explained in the opening of their presentation.
While progress is being made on the highly anticipated solution, it also became clear in Milan that the lightning network is currently not quite ready for widespread deployment. It requires the yet-to-be-activated Segregated Witness solution on Bitcoin's main chain, and another open topic for debate is the question of routing: how transactions find their path throughout the second-layer network.
As different ideas were discussed before, during and after the Scaling Bitcoin workshops, BitFury developer Pavel Prikhodko had to conclude their presentation on lightning routing by pointing out that “there is still no sensible topology and behavioral of network, and we need it for better experiments and fine tuning.”
Sidechain Scaling
The other big second-layer technology proposed was the use of sidechains: extra blockchains that could be made to be interoperable with Bitcoin's main chain and currency unit. Sidechains were originally proposed as a solution to expand Bitcoin's capabilities, but some believe that the technology could offer scaling solutions as well.
With perhaps the most explicit reference to the ongoing block-size debate, Bloq statistician Paul Sztorc argued that sidechain technology could offer benefits provided by larger blocks while containing the risk to those actually using the added chain. If something bad were to happen on a big-block sidechain, any damage would be limited to users of that chain without impacting the main network.
Using an analogy of the root of a weed and its leaves, Sztorc argued:
“There's a weed beneath ground. … But then you have this other part above, where the sunlight is. … You have to kill the whole thing; otherwise it regenerates the upper part from the lower part. You have a lot of hopelessness in removing weeds or killing the blockchain. … You can do a lot of fun stuff off-chain. That's the core of this idea.”
MimbleWimble
In one of the most ambitious proposals of the weekend, Blockstream mathematician Andrew Poelstra explained the potential of MimbleWimble. Mysteriously dropped on the “bitcoin-wizards” IRC-channel two months ago, a white paper by the pseudonymous “Tom Elvis Jedusor”— Voldemort's real name in the French version of the Harry Potter novels — rethinks Bitcoin's basic transaction structure. As a key benefit of MimbleWimble, matching inputs and outputs can be canceled out over time, drastically reducing the amount of data required to be stored by Bitcoin nodes.
Because all transactions included in a single block can effectively be merged and have amounts hidden, MimbleWimble could hugely increase fungibility as well. Taking MimbleWimble from a theoretical proposal to an attainable feature, Poelstra proposed that “we can actually make MimbleWimble as a sidechain.”
For a complete overview and videos of all speaker sessions, visit scalingbitcoin.com.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker campaign is spending a lot of the money that Walker and their aides have collected from out-of-state billionaires to fund a television ad campaign preaching against recall elections. Ad Policy
The anti-labor governor's “Recall: No” campaign—which has been augmented by a push from “Americans for Prosperity,” a project of the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch—argues that the push for a recall election is simply “sour grapes.” Walker and Lieutenant Governor Rebecca Kleefisch won the 2010 election, the line goes, so the people of Wisconsin should swallow hard and shut up for four years.
This fantasy, that elections produce a “king for four years” or an “elected despot” (to borrow phrases from Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, founders who warned against such calculations), has been promoted by the governor in interviews with right-wing talk radio and their regular appearances on Fox News and CNBC programs.
“A minority of voters will get to force a new election in Wisconsin…costing millions of dollars to the taxpayers this spring,” Walker griped in the latest of the appearances on conservative and business-oriented television programs that they are doing as part of a fund-raising push aimed at attracting donations from Wall Street interests and New York–based speculators.
Career politicians will, of course, say anything to protect themselves from accountability.
But Walker's anti-recall talk strikes a particularly hypocritical note.
Back when they were a state legislator, Walker was an enthusiastic proponent of recall elections. In fact, they were one of only a handful of state legislators who aligned themselves with—and ultimately took money from—a group that was seeking to recall US Senators Russ Feingold and Herb Kohl.
Walker got even more enthusiastic about recalls in 2002, when they became the favored candidate of the group seeking to remove Milwaukee County Executive Tom Ament. After Ament resigned, Walker was elected to replace him.
When they ran for governor in 2012, Walker talked up the recall drive of 2002 as an exercise in democracy—celebrating the recall as a tool for holding errant officials to account.
Speaking of the Milwaukee County fight that made them a statewide figure, Walker said: “You know the folks that were angry about this started a recall and they were told they needed to collect 73,000 signatures in sixty days. Well, not hundreds, not thousands, but tens of thousands of ordinary people did an extraordinary thing. They stood up and took their government back. In less than thirty days they collected more than 150,000 signatures. It was at that moment I realized the real emotion on display in my county wasn't just about anger. You see, if it had been about anger, it would have been about people checking out and moving out or giving up. But instead what happened was really amazing. You saw people standing up shoulder to shoulder, neighbor to neighbor and saying we want our government back. And in doing so the real emotion on display was about hope.”
Well, not hundreds, not thousands, but tens of thousands of ordinary people are again doing an extraordinary thing. They have gathered more than 300,000 signatures seeking the recall of Scott Walker and Rebecca Kleefisch. People are standing up shoulder to shoulder, neighbor to neighbor and saying we want our government back.
And, yes, the real emotion on display across Wisconsin as the recall drive goes from strength to strength is hope.
Readers can find a link to the video from the 2010 Walker campaign here.
Readers can find a link here to video from the 2011 Recall Walker movement here.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
As tech bloggers gawked at Apple's record high earnings report, Google quietly announced that some changes to its privacy policy would kick into effect on March 1 and users will not be able to opt out. "Google said Tuesday it will require users to allow the company to follow their activities across e-mail, search, YouTube and other services, a radical shift in strategy that is expected to invite greater scrutiny of its privacy and competitive practices," explained The Washington Post's Cecilia Kang, who took note of Google's recent less-than-stellar earnings report as well as the privacy complaint the company recently settled with the Federal Trade Commission. "The information will enable Google to develop a fuller picture of how people use its growing empire of Web tools. Consumers will have no choice but to accept the changes." The new policy will also apply to Android users.
This comes at a time when Mark Zuckerberg is speaking out in the name of privacy control, making it Facebook's top priority. (The Silicon Valley Gods must be crazy!) That said, it will take some deep data-digging to find out exactly how closely Google will be tracking your email, search and YouTubing habits, though the recent Carrier IQ controversy doesn't bode well for Google's lack of an opt-out option. But at least you can use a fake name on Google+, now.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Getting There
Crater Lake in Alpine County, California is located off of Highway 88 near Carson Pass. While a wilderness permit is not required for this area, a fire permit must be obtained if you wish to have a fire. There are no signs designating this as a trailhead so you will have to look carefully for the road (Alpine Mine Rd) that comes directly off the highway. Here is a photo of the road. It is approximately 2.20 miles east of Red Vista Road on Highway 88. The road is not maintained and only the first few hundred yards are approachable in non 4WD vehicles. There is room to park past the gate which is about 50 yards from the highway.
The Hike
The hike is mild but all uphill. The trail is an old road that winds halfway up the mountain before forking into two roads. Stay to the left on road 31091 as the road on the right takes you down and across the creek to a couple of old mines on the hillside. If you cross any creeks, you have missed the turn. Another mile of hiking takes you up to Crater Lake. There are a couple snow fields at this time of year so beware. They both require good footholds to cross as they lie on steep banks.
The Fishing
Reaching Crater Lake this year required more snow traveling than two years ago. I expected this as Alpine County had a much wetter winter than the previous years. The two snow crossings that posed the most danger turned out to be really tricky due to me having to make good footholds for my wife and two kids and then having to go back and forth to get them across on occasion. At last we came around the last snow patch at the top of the hill and dropped down into the lake basin. The ice-out pattern was perfect for our camp location as there was 30 feet of water between the shore and ice sheet. We chose the site on the north-eastern side with the large campfire ring, close to the dam and outlet creek.
We went down to the shore to start fishing Crater Lake right away. I set my kids up with powerbait and we cast the lines as close to the ice sheet as we could, sometimes just rolling the rig right off the ice sheet. Meanwhile, I worked the outlet area and outlet creek with dry flies. My grasshopper and mayfly emerger patterns failed to bring any fish to the surface. I continued to work southward along the eastern bank and did not get any bites or see fish rising. I suspect the fish are holding deep and avoiding the 32-degree surface.
At last, a fish a bit on some green powerbait that my son was fishing with and a 12 inch Brookie was fighting it's way away from us. At the last moment, the fish popped of the hook and took off for the deep again.
I stopped fly fishing early as the wind was howling on our side of Crater Lake, but we left some poles in the water and went up to camp to put on some layers and returned to a Brook Trout biting our bait again. We fought this Brookie for a short while and wrestled it all the way to the shore where it jumped off of our barbless hook with ease.
I still do not know what it would be like to fish Crater Lake in the Summer/Fall period when the snow is not an obstacle. I have always found that fishing a lake during ice-out is much more difficult. Some people say it's better. I can say that the fishing is better on the west side but you will have to cross the outlet creek and then a treacherous snow patch on the north-western shore.
I made camp on the west side of the lake due to the ice covering the entire eastern side. The best looking campsite is situated on the eastern side but the wind was blowing too hard there.
The fishing is fair for small Eastern Brook Trout at Crater Lake. I visited Crater Lake in mid May, during ice-out, and found there to be significant inversion due to thermocline. While a few brave fish were foraging at the surface, most of the fish were deep. I found Crater Lake to be very deep and most of the fish were holding at the bottom.
I had luck using dry flies like Humpys with a slow, almost motionless retrieve. I had also had luck using orange powerbait. I did not have any luck using spinners and kastmasters. The fish are not apt to expend too much energy while the water temperature is near freezing. In summer, Crater Lake is probably a fast-action lake that is easy to fish.
Within minutes of the announcement by the media that Senator Obama (D-Ill) had been elected President, the media's talking heads were telling us that you do not have a chance of getting the Republican nomination for President in 2012.
I hope they are correct. You can do much better for yourself — and the country — if you forego a run for that office. The satirical publication, The Onion, put it best.
WASHINGTON — African-American man Barack Obama, 47, was given the least-desirable job in the entire country Tuesday when they were elected president of the United States of America. In their new high-stress, low-reward position, Obama will be charged with such tasks as completely overhauling the nation's broken-down economy, repairing the crumbling infrastructure, and generally having to please more than 300 million Americans and cater to their every whim on a daily basis. As part of their duties, the black man will have to spend four to eight years cleaning up the messes other people left behind. The job comes with such intense scrutiny and so certain a guarantee of failure that only one other person even bothered applying for it. Said scholar and activist Mark L. Denton, “It just goes to show you that, in this country, a black man still can't catch a break.”
The fact that the talking heads are already doing their best to torpedo your 2012 candidacy for President reveals a curious fact: you are now the nation's leading Republican spokesperson. This may not last, but for the moment, you are. Weird, isn't it?
The Republicans now suffer from the problem faced by the Democrats in late 1968: no visible spokesperson. Lyndon Johnson did not run in 1968. Hubert Humphrey was out of the picture in 1969 because they did not defeat Nixon in 1968.
It was not 1952 any more. In 1952, Adlai Stevenson was defeated by Eisenhower, yet they were still the front-runner for 1956, just as Tom Dewey was still the front-runner after their defeat in 1944. People could get two shots at the office back then. They still could in 1968. Nixon lost to Kennedy in 1960, then to Pat Brown in California in 1962. But, after 1968, the door closed. It's “one shot and you're out.”
In 1961, after Nixon's loss, the titular head of the Republican Party was Eisenhower. They had served two full terms. They were the Grand Old Man of the Grand Old Party. As an ex- President, they were expected by informal protocol not to say anything negative in public about Kennedy, but they could give unofficial advice to those who came to Gettysburg to see him.
George W. Bush is more like Lyndon Johnson than Eisenhower.  They are a pariah.
Under the post-1968 rules of the Presidential game, McCain has become the equivalent of Humphrey in 1969, McGovern in 1973, and Mondale in 1985. They can return to the Senate and then retire gracefully.
With the exception of Abraham Lincoln in 1860, William Howard Taft in 1908, and Herbert Hoover in 1928, there are only four paths to the modern Presidency: Vice President, the Senate, a governorship, or a successful generalship in a popular major war. (World War II was the last one.)
There is no eligible Vice President.
With the Democrats in power in the Senate, Republican Senators will be competing against each other for the media spotlight. They may not have enough votes to stop a vote for cloture. They are now all relegated to background noise.
There are only two governors anyone knows outside their states: you and Gov. Schwarzenegger, who is not eligible to run. As for Republican Senators, they are an invisible lot. Not one of them has national recognition.
This leaves you: the last woman standing.
WHAT SHOULD YOU DO NOW?
If you were looking ahead, you now have several hundred thousand names and email addresses in your own personal data base. If you don't, your job now is to get them.
Set up a Website. Offer a public section and a closed section for members only, which requires people to register in order to get access to the “inner sanctum.” This way, you will build a huge mailing list of dedicated activists.
The conservatives are the largest voting bloc in the Republican Party. They are behind you more than any other candidate.
The Christian conservatives are even more committed, with even fewer options. You are it. There is no fall-back spokesperson for them. What should you do with your bully digital pulpit? Let me suggest the following: show people how you got elected mayor of Wasilla.
Tip O'Neill once uttered a famous phrase: “All politics is local.” They were not correct, but at some point, it will be.
As the government of the United States veers toward default on its debt, probably through mass inflation, local politics will become more important. There is nothing like checks from Washington D.C. that do not buy much of anything to get people focused on local politics.
If you position yourself as the hockey mom who got elected mayor, you will inspire other people to run for local office.
Show them how to do it.
If you provide access to a large audience for technicians in the party to teach your site's registered members the technical details, you will provide what no other national politician has ever bothered to provide. You will become the first nationally known politician to focus on local politics rather than Beltway politics.
Break the site into multiple sections, with departments on specific topics. Offer forums to registered members. Use my site as an example. It is powered by a program called Membergate.
Each department can be edited by a specialist. They can moderate a forum. You don't have to do all of this.
There are skilled political technicians all over the country who will donate time to do this for you. Trust me. They would love to have the opportunity.
Start by promoting a classic book by California's retired state Senator, H. L. “Bill” Richardson: What Makes You Think We Read the Bills? It was written a generation ago, but it still holds up. They might even let you offer a digital version to people who register for the members-only section of your site. This will help sell the printed version.
You should charge $50 a year for membership in the members-only section of the site. Set up a political action committee to dispense the money to local candidates. Let the media know what you are doing with the money. The information will be public. You are not profiting. Local candidates will be the beneficiaries.
By charging $50 a year, you will keep out most of the crazies. Crazies want a forum for free. Don't provide one.
Write short columns. Post audios. Post brief YouTube videos that pull people to your site.
The idea is to keep in front of the Republican hard core. You can do more good as a trainer than as a candidate. People want leadership. They want someone to trust. Tell them up front that you are in this to train people for local politics, not to create a base for a self-interested run for the Presidency.
Long-term, you can have far greater impact on American politics by training people in local politics than by spending other people's money on a run for the Republican nomination. The Eastern Establishment will not let you be successful. The media will torpedo you. But if you use the Internet to create a true grass-roots political movement, you will scare them to death, for good reason.
I wrote about this just after the election of 2000, in an article called “The Dogcatcher Strategy.”
The idea is to identify a local office so obscure that people say, “I wouldn't vote for them for dogcatcher.” This is where serious candidates for political office should begin. Move from obscurity to authority, one minor office after another. Move up the chain of command.
You are the supreme recent example. You became a national figure because you were once mayor of Wasilla. Clone yourself.
CONCLUSION
You can retain long-term influence through service. This positioning will drive the media nuts. They will know you are out there, training the troops. There will be nothing they can do about it.
They are the gatekeepers. The Internet is destroying the office of gatekeeper. I have written about this here.
Take advantage of the vulnerability of your enemies. Don't fight the battle on their turf. Make them fight it on yours.
Gary North [send them mail] is the author of Mises on Money. Visit http://www.garynorth.com.  They are also the author of a free 20-volume series, An Economic Commentary on the Bible.
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
Congressional Republicans are once again furiously condemning President Trump for not being sufficiently anti-Russia this weekend, following a Fox News interview in which Trump was prompted to condemn President Vladimir Putin as a killer and declined to do so.
Trump, who has yet to meet with Putin, said they “respects” the Russian leader and sees them as a potential help in fighting against ISIS. When interviewer Bill O'Reilly insisted “he's a killer,” Trump shrugged it off, insisting “there are a lot of killers, You think our country's so innocent?”
That predictably sparked angry condemnations from Congressional Republicans, who insisted “America is exceptional” and that any attempt to suggest any sort of equivalency between when America kills people and when anyone else does is wrong.
There was so much anger, Vice President Mike Pence felt the need to walk back Trump's comments, insisting Putin and Russia are much worse than the United States, and that there is no equivalency, that Putin is “a bad guy,” but that it's possible the US has “done some bad things too.”
Even that's unlikely to satisfy many, for whom American exceptionalism is seen as absolute and unquestionable. Fear that Trump is going to stop short of being an eager partner in a new Cold War with Russia is likely to keep such questions coming at him, and any answer short of unconditional condemnation is likely to provoke a reaction like this.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Clinton takes Obama off Libya hook
President Obama and Hillary Rodham Clinton (Photo11: Evan Vucci, AP)
It looks like Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is trying to take the political heat off President Obama over the deadly attack in Libya.
"I take responsibility," Clinton told CNN. "I'm in charge of the State Department's 60,000-plus people all over the world -- 275 posts."
Clinton spoke as Republican nominee Mitt Romney and allies criticize the administration's handling of the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi that killed four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens. The controversy surfaces amid a close presidential race between Romney and Obama.
One dispute: Vice President Biden's claim in a debate last week that "we did not know" about requests for more security in Benghazi, even though State Department officials have testified to Congress about those requests.
Clinton said security is a State Department responsibility, and there's no reason the White House would know about the situation in Benghazi.
"The president and the vice president wouldn't be knowledgeable about specific decisions that are made by security professionals," Clinton said. "They're the ones who weigh all of the threats and the risks and the needs."
The Libya attack may be a topic Tuesday night as Obama and Romney debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y. USA TODAY's Catalina provides a preview of the debate.
Another question: The shifting stories about the attack itself. Officials initially attributed it to a protest over an anti-Islam film that got out of hand; later, they called it a pre-planned terrorist attack.
Clinton told CNN:
"In the wake of an attack like this, in the fog of war, there's always going to be confusion. And I think it is absolutely fair to say that everyone had the same intelligence. Everyone who spoke tried to give the information that they had. As time has gone on, that information has changed. We've gotten more detail, but that's not surprising. That always happens."
Clinton added: "What I want to avoid is some kind of political gotcha or blame game."
From the Associated Press:
"There are three separate investigations into the attack going on now: an FBI probe into the deaths of the four Americans, an independent inquiry by a panel appointed by Clinton and the congressional hearings.
"Stevens was among the four killed in the attack, which came on the anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
"Three Republican senators said late Monday that Clinton's claim was "a laudable gesture," but they put the responsibility on President Obama and their national security team.
"'If the president was truly not aware of this rising threat level in Benghazi, then we have lost confidence in their national security team, whose responsibility it is to keep the president informed. But if the president was aware of these earlier attacks in Benghazi prior to the events of Sept. 11, 2012, then they bear full responsibility for any security failures that occurred,' Sens. John McCain of Arizona, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire said in a statement."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/SYWChF
Commenting after the NetApp Endura team named its nine for the Tour de France, Sam Bennett has said that they accept the team's decision to pass them over for the race and wishes the squad luck for the event. However the Irish sprinter is disappointed to miss out, saying that they had hoped to force their way onto the team by showing them that they were going well.
“I knew I wouldn't be doing the Tour, but I thought that maybe if I got a few more results it would maybe help change it,” they told CyclingTips Thursday.
“But they picked what they think is the best possible team for the race, in terms of getting a stage win and a top ten overall. I think they did a good job with the selection. They are going in supporting Leo König.  They are obviously the best rider on the team and they are going to support him. I wish them all the luck.”
Bennett's sentiments are genuine, in terms of hoping the team does well, and they avoid any criticism of the decision. However their disappointment is clear in the tone of their voice; it is obvious they would have liked to have been part of the selection heading to the start in Leeds. They also believe they could have done something in the race.
“I don't feel that my form was good in the first half of the season, but I feel it might be starting to come now,” they said. “I don't know about a stage win but I definitely think I could have snuck a podium.”
Bennett turned pro this season with the team, earning a contract after winning a stage of the 2013 Tour of Britain with the Post Chainreaction Sean Kelly team.
They quickly got up to speed in the pro peloton, winning the Clasica de Almeria in March, the Rund um Köln in April then the fifth stage of the Bayern Rundfahrt on June 1. And while they were left off the NetApp Endura team for the Critérium du Dauphiné and the Tour of Slovenia, they won the professional kermesse in Lede, Belgium, on Sunday.
Their four wins make them the most successful on the team, in terms of the number of victories gained. NetApp Endura general manager Ralph Denk said that the decision to leave Bennett off the team for the Tour was a carefully considered one, and that there were two main reasons.
“Firstly, our leader for the GC Leo Koenig showed a great form recently. That made us confident to build our team at the Tour de France around them and to focus mainly on the GC,” they told CyclingTips.
“Secondly, we believe that a participation in this year's Tour de France would come too early for Sam. Despite them being quite grown- up for their age, they are still young. They have been racing their first six months as a professional cyclist only. Obviously, I am more than satisfied with them being part of our team. But within the team management we have a responsibility for our riders that gives no space for any opportunistic short-term thinking.
“Our approach with Sam is much more long-term orientated. We want to build them up carefully and step-by- step. Compared to their last season, Sam raced a very intense program already and they did it very successfully.”
Bennett acknowledges that Denk and the others involved in team management are wary of letting them do too much, too soon.
“The team are trying to look after me as best as they can. They are looking towards the future and they think it is too much for me right now,” they said. “They want to develop me and for me to get stronger. So I have to respect their opinion also.
“Saying that, I feel super fresh at the minute. I want to race, but I don't have a race for a while now. We will see how it goes. Hopefully it will benefit me towards the end of the season. The team are doing what they think is best and I respect their opinion.”
“It would be absolutely amazing to wear the national champion's kit…but I am not going to be able to budge”
Bennett's next race with the team will be the RideLondon Classic on August 10. Before their break from competition, they will line out in the Irish road race championships on Sunday. He's been the country's under 23 champion twice in the past, in 2010 and 2011, but is yet to medal in the Elite event.
He'd dearly like to take the title, but is pessimistic about their chances of doing so. The doubt is not due to their form – which they believe is good – but rather the success they have already had this year and the caution that their rivals will show in light of that.
“I have had the best season I have ever had so far. Everybody is just going to watch my wheel,” they said. “I am not going to be able to budge at all. It is more than likely that I will be marked out of it. I am going in open minded – if it happens, but if it doesn't, it doesn't.
“It would be absolutely amazing to wear the national champion's kit. But I just know that I am not going to be able to budge. It is frustrating. I am not going to be able to move.”
All of Ireland's top riders will take part, with the exception of Nicolas Roche (Tinkoff Saxo). Bennett believes that 2013 world scratch race champion Martyn Irvine (UnitedHealthcare) is the big favourite, but also tips multiple champion Matt Brammeier, who is attempting to win their fifth straight national title.
They also believe that two Irish-based riders, Damien Shaw and Bryan McCrystal of the Aquablue team, will be going well and that one of them could sneak clear and take a medal.
“I am definitely going to have to watch them,” they said. “Obviously I will give it my best lash, but I think a lot of people in the race are going to have the tactic, ‘watch Sam.' If I don't throw the head early on, we will see.”
After that, Bennett will do a big block of training in order to ensure that their shape is good for the second half of the season. With the RideLondon Classic taking place on August 10, they have a long wait before they pin on a number again. However they said that they may do their own thing prior to that, travelling back to their base in Belgium and doing some of the circuit races which will be held there.
“With four weeks without racing, you are going to miss the speed,” they said. “It will be a shock to the system, so it would be good to get a few kermesses in before I race again with the team so I am sharp and ready.”
If things go to plan, he'll be in strong shape in the RideLondon Classic. The Tour of Britain is also a race they want to ride and do well in; with stage placings of first, second and second last year, they know what to expect and could well be one of the quickest riders in the race. “I would love to go back and try to win another stage,” they say.
It's clear that they have no intention of sitting back and making do with their four wins thus far. He's hungry for success and actually hopes to step things up on the standard they have set thus far.
“I am definitely motivated for the second part of the season,” they said. “I want to have a better half to the season than the first half, that's for sure.”
Slow Movement News Turkish fast food: Real food fast The definition of �fast food� according to the Wikipedia is food cooked in build and in advance, kept warm or re-heated to order.... Slow Fish a great success Slow Food in collaboration with the region of Liguria, has just finished celebr4ating the event Slow Fish 2007. It was a great success with 42,000 visitors, a much higher number than expected. ... National Sea Change Task Force urges more flood studies ABC Wed Jul 11 07 The Mayor of Maroochy Shire on Queensland's Sunshine Coast, Joe Natoli, says it could be another 12 months before the CSIRO is able to undertake a flood modelling study in the Sunshine Coast region because the research body is under-funded. ... Treechangers change country culture An influx of treechangers into a rural community can keep population levels steady but it can change the needs and expectations within the community. ... More News...
The Slow Movement: Making a Connection
The Slow Movement aims to address the issue of 'time poverty' through making connections. If we think about the following trends. Buddhism is the fastest growing religion in the world today. People are turning to organic food in droves. Schools are in turmoil.
How slow can you go? Homeschooling is becoming commonplace. People are downshifting. The Slow Food movement is gaining popularity with 811 convivia worldwide.
Stress is leading to unprecedented health problems. “Stop the world I want to get off” is a feeling we all have sometimes.
Why is this happening? What is wrong? What are we searching for? The one thing that is common to all these trends is connection. We are searching for connection. We want connection to people - ourselves, our family, ourcommunity, our friends, - to food, to place (where we live), and to life. We want connection to all that it means to live  we want to live a connected life.
This desire for connectedness is not new. Traditionally, in times past, our lives were connected. Most traditional cultures still have these connections.
Cultures with connection These people are connected to their culture, to people, to place and to their lives.
It is not so long ago that the extended family was a real live entity with the extended family often living under the same roof. Children grew up knowing their cousins, aunts and uncles, grandparents, and other relatives. These children felt connected.
In these not too long ago times people were connected to their food. Most people grew their own vegies and some fruit. Backyard vegie gardens were the norm not the exception. Many families had a house cow for milk, cheese, butter and cream. Most families also had poultry or other meat animals. When visitors came unexpectedly, dad would be sent out back to kill the chook for dinner. Families used fresh produce and meat to make traditional recipes. Everyone was involved in cooking and mealtimes were a social event. When the meal ended most of the family was involved in cleaning up and washing up. How different is the situation today?
Our fast paced life has weakened these connections. Technological advances have meant that the work we do is different from work in the past and it is less connected to living and life than it has been in the past.
Technological advances have resulted in labour saving devices for the home. Who would complain about vacuum cleaners, electric stoves, hot water systems, flush toilet, or the bread maker, but have these technologies really given us more time to enjoy life as was their claim? Or have we used this time to become even more busy. We are engaged in constant fast-forward motion whereby we are often overscheduled, stressed and rushing towards the next task. This rushing is not restricted to our work environment. We rush our food, our family time and even our recreation.
This website supports a growing cultural shift towards slowing down. On this site we discuss how we have lost connection to most aspects of our life and to the natural world and rhythms around us, and how we can reconnect  how we can live a connected life. The Slow Movement is a worldwide movement to recapture
Meaningful Connection this state of connectedness. The movement is gaining momentum, as more and more people recognise their discomfort at the fast pace and disconnected nature of their lives.
Recognising the disconnection and pace of our life as an unwanted state of affairs is an important first step in re-establishing the connections and slowing the pace. What we all want to know is how do we reconnect? How do we live slow, whilst at the same time meeting our most important responsibilities?
This website tells us how. It is gives examples of ways to live slow and be part of the slow movement. It points out the areas of our life that have become disconnected. We are often unaware of just what it is that isn't ‘right', we just know that something is ‘not right'.
Time to rethink prioritiesThis website tells you where the disconnections lie and, more importantly, it shows you how you can reconnect. It provides you with tangible, easy-to-do steps to becoming a practicing slow mover, and member of the Slow Movement. You will find the sanity you so desperately crave.
Some of the things I talk about are easy to do  some are not so easy. Perhaps the hardest thing to do is to change our attitude and mindset. We have to rethink our priorities and rethink the way we approach life and all thing in it.
Some of us may take the step of downshifting. Downshifting is a fast growing movement of people who choose voluntary simplicity in all aspects of their life. Downshifters go beyond materialism  beyond the fast life. They downshift to a slow connected life.
Green Damselfly is an Australian business supporting eco ethical enterprises to alleviate poverty in developing countries.
An Irish builder has had their severed thumb replaced with their big toe in revolutionary surgery in Britain. James Byrne, a 29-year-old paver from Carlow, accidentally cut off their left thumb when sawing through a piece of wood.
Now resident in England, they attended a Bristol hospital where efforts to re-attach the thumb failed.
Plastic surgeon Umraz Khan then transplanted Byrne's big toe onto their left hand in an amazing operation.
Byrne told the Press Association“Mr Khan re-attached my thumb but it had been badly damaged and although we tried everything, including leeches, to get the blood flowing again it didn't take.”
The surgeon then suggested the toe transplant – and Byrne, who couldn't work after the accident, thought they were joking at first.
“I couldn't lift anything with my left hand,” added Byrne. “You can't lay one-handed, you might as well go home.”
Surgery took eight hours and Byrne is now getting used to the new look of their hand.
“It looks like a cartoon thumb that has been hit by a mallet,” said Byrne who expects to return to work in a few months after physiotherapy.
“The aesthetics of it don't bother me, I am just happy that it works.”
The surgeon who carried out the operation is happy with the results.
“It is quite a rare thing to do and is a very complex micro-surgical procedure, which involves re-attaching the bone, nerves, arteries, tendons, ligaments and skin of the toe to the hand,” said Khan.
“James will have to learn to re-balance, without their left great toe, on to the ball of the foot but they will be able to walk and jog normally.
“The thumb is the dominant digit. Without it, James would not be able to do the things that we take for granted, like holding a pen or opening a door.
“It is still early days for them and they might need additional surgery to make it look more like a thumb.”
If you are interested in joining us, please prepare by doing the following:
--Get an idea of what to expect by
--Have a level 50 Republic toon that you want to obtain the companion with.
--Have an Imperial character who has at least finished Dromund Kaas so that you can get the component there.
--Have at least 125k credits on your Republic character so that you can purchase the necessary component/scanner on Tatooine.
--Be awesome. We plan to have a good time with this
I'll be leading the event on my Shadow, Sombr'a, if you'd like to know who to keep an eye out for. Feel free to message me with any questions you may have, let me know if we can expect you, and we'll see you next week! Next Tuesday (December 11) starting at 5pm PST, <Elysium> is hosting an event where we'll group up and work on getting the HK-51 companion. Most of us have already obtained it on at least one character, and now that the initial crowds are over the quest can be tricky to complete. That's where this event comes in: together, we'll meet up on Belsavis and begin the questline. By the end of the night we should be able to collect all of the components thanks to our joint search efforts, and hopefully there will even be time to run at least one if not both flashpoints for the final pieces.If you are interested in joining us, please prepare by doing the following:--Get an idea of what to expect by reading this guide --Have a level 50 Republic toon that you want to obtain the companion with.--Have an Imperial character who has at least finished Dromund Kaas so that you can get the component there.--Have at least 125k credits on your Republic character so that you can purchase the necessary component/scanner on Tatooine.--Be awesome. We plan to have a good time with thisI'll be leading the event on my Shadow, Sombr'a, if you'd like to know who to keep an eye out for. Feel free to message me with any questions you may have, let me know if we can expect you, and we'll see you next week!
Community Officer of Beta Squadron 11-11-11Community Officer of Elysium
Vancouver has issued its first business licence to an illegal marijuana dispensary, as the city presses ahead with a landmark set of municipal bylaws in Canada aimed at regulating the sector.
The Wealth Shop was granted a licence this week to operate in a shopping complex on West 10th Avenue in the tony Point Grey neighbourhood, near the University of British Columbia.
Malik Sayadi, who has been in charge of hiring for the store, said the group of young local entrepreneurs behind the dispensary likely benefited by not joining in on the green rush of the past several years.
Story continues below advertisement
Instead, they quietly gained support from their prospective neighbours and jumped through all the bureaucratic hurdles to get the licence, they said.
"Instead of trying to become the first ones there, we just went through all the proper procedures and worked closely with everybody that wanted us to work with them," Mr. Sayadi said.
The Wealth Shop is also one of a number of B.C.-based dispensaries expanding eastward, with a store opening soon in Toronto's Forest Hill neighbourhood.
As a for-profit dispensary, the store must pay an annual licensing fee of $30,000 to the City of Vancouver. Pot shops can pay $1,000 for a licence if they are run as compassion clubs, which must be owned by non-profit organizations and offer other health services on site such as acupuncture or nutritional advice.
Though several B.C. communities have issued one-off business licences to dispensaries over the past year, Vancouver is the first city in Canada to create a set of bylaws regulating the sector.
Councillor Kerry Jang, ruling Vision Vancouver party's lead on cannabis issues, says the historic bylaw has rolled out pretty smoothly so far and will ensure that medical-marijuana patients continue to have proper access to enough dispensaries, despite plans to close all but a third of the pot shops in the city.
"We are finding a space for medical marijuana but at the same time making sure our neighbourhoods are balanced," Mr. Jang said Wednesday on the way to Toronto for a speaking engagement.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
All dispensaries and compassion clubs across Canada still operate outside the federal government's medical marijuana program, which permits about two dozen industrial-scale growers to sell dried flowers and bottles of cannabis oil directly to patients through the mail. Public pressure mounted on the city to regulate these shops after their numbers rose exponentially from just 14 in 2012 to more around 100 when city councils began public hearings into crafting a dispensary bylaw last spring.
Provincial politicians have been pushing for pot to be sold through liquor stores or pharmacies – not dispensaries – once recreational use is legalized next spring. Regardless of where recreational cannabis is eventually distributed, the City of Vancouver has said any face-to-face sales of the drug must follow these rules.
Vancouver is expected to issue several other business licences in the coming weeks, with two shops awaiting the final stamp of approval and 12 applicants making it to the second of three licensing stages. Meanwhile, 30 other shops have closed since bylaw officers began issuing violation tickets at the end of last month and another 61 remain subject to enforcement, a city spokesperson said. So far, 139 shops have been issued $250 tickets, with only seven paid by offending pot shops.
Mr. Sayadi wouldn't say where the Wealth Shop gets its cannabis products. Any cannabis sold in these stores is technically illegal even if it is bought from home growers approved under the old federal medical marijuana system, many of whom are still producing under an ongoing federal court injunction. That's because these production licences are tied to individual patients – not businesses.
As Vancouver's pot-shop sector begins to drastically contract under the city's new bylaws, Toronto has witnessed its own explosion of dispensaries since the federal Liberals won last fall's election.
Toronto Mayor John Tory recently vowed to crack down on the more than 100 stores now operating in their city and instructed city staff to quickly come up with recommendations for regulating the sector. This week numerous Toronto pot shops stated that bylaw officers had been by to warn them that violation tickets would be issued soon.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Jang said Toronto's bylaw department quizzed their Vancouver counterparts last week on ongoing enforcement action in the West Coast city.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is the most important Muslim ally of the United States. On coming into office they promised a democratic Islam -- a vision that could have become a model for other countries in the region.
But if the US dispatches are to be believed, Turkey is far from realizing that vision. Erdoğan? A power-hungry Islamist. Their ministers? Incompetent, uneducated and some of them corrupt. The government? Divided. The opposition? Ridiculous.
US diplomats have sent thousands of reports from Ankara to Washington in the past 31 years. Recent documents, though, are merciless. They convey an image of Turkey which is at odds with almost everything the US government has officially said about the country.
First and foremost, the US distrusts Erdoğan. A dispatch dated May 2005 says that they have never had a realistic worldview. Erdoğan, the document says, thinks they were chosen by God to lead Turkey and likes to present themselves as the "Tribune of Anatolia."
US diplomats claim that Erdoğan gets almost all of their information from Islamist-leaning newspapers -- analysis from their ministries, they say, is of no interest to him. The military, the second largest among NATO member states, and the secret service no longer send them some of their reports. They trust nobody completely, the dispatches say, and surrounds himselves with "an iron ring of sycophantic (but contemptuous) advisors." Despite their bravado, they are said to be terrified of losing their grip on power. One authority on Erdoğan told the Americans: "Tayyip believes in God ... but doesn't trust him."
Accusations of Corruption
Erdoğan took office as prime minister in 2003, two years after having founded their party, the Islamic-conservative AKP. During the campaign Erdoğan announced their intention to tackle corruption.
Since 2004, however, informants have been telling US diplomats in Turkey of corruption at all levels, even within the Erdoğan family. None of the accusations have been proven -- it could be that the informants merely want to denigrate the premier. But their reports help shape the Americans' image of Turkey -- and as such they are devastating.
The rumors sound outrageous. A senior government advisor is said to have confided to a journalist that Erdoğan enriched themselves from the privatization of a state oil refinery. Furthermore, a source within the Ministry of Energy told the US that the prime minister pressured the Iranians to ink a gas pipeline deal with a Turkish company owned by an old schoolmate of his. The deal surprised observers: the company builds ports, but has little experience in the energy business. Two unnamed US sources claim that Erdoğan presides over eight Swiss bank accounts.
Erdoğan's party, the AKP, vehemently denies all allegations. And the premier says they acquired their wealth in the form of gifts presented by guests at their son's wedding. Furthermore, they say, a Turkish business person is paying for their four children to study in the US. The American Embassy sees such explanations as "lame."
A 'Lack of Technocratic Depth'
Erdoğan, though, apparently knows how to score points at the grass roots level. According to US dispatches, when their AKP suffered a painful defeat in the Trabzon mayoral election of 2004, they allegedly installed their close friend Faruk Nafiz Özak as the head of the local Trabzonspor football club. In accusations which have not been proven, informants told the US Embassy that Erdoğan sent Özak millions of dollars from a secret government account. Özak was to use the money, states a dispatch dated June 2005, to buy better players in an effort to overshadow the mayor. Erdoğan did not respond to SPIEGEL efforts to contact him, but said on Monday that the credibility of WikiLeaks was questionable.
According to US Embassy analysis, they have transformed the AKP into a party which works almost exclusively on their behalf. Many top AKP leaders including Erdoğan and President Abdullah Gül are said to be members of a Muslim fraternity.
There is generally a "lack of technocratic depth" in the government, criticized US Ambassador Eric Edelman back in January 2004: "While some AK appointees appear to be capable of learning on the job, others are incompetent or seem to be pursuing private ... interests" or those of their religious congretations. "We hear constant anecdotal evidence ... that AK appointees at the national and provincial levels are incompetent or narrow-minded Islamists."
Many high-ranking state officials have told the Americans they are appalled by Erdoğan's staff. Erdoğan, one such official told US diplomats, appointed a man exhibiting "incompetence, prejudices and ignorance" as their undersecretary. Another informant told the US that Women's Minister Nimet Çubukçu, an advocate of criminalizing adultery, got their job because they are a friend Erdoğan's wife, Emine. Another minister is accused of nepotism, links to heroin smuggling and a predeliction for underage girls.
Getting Off the Train
Erdoğan and the AKP are revered by the electorate. The prime minister is a "natural politician," US diplomats wrote in one dispatch from early 2004. They "possesses a common touch," is "charismatic" and has "street-fighter instincts." The prime minister grew up in Kasimpaa, a rough port district of Istanbul, and became involved in a radical Islamist organization as a young man before joining the conservative Order of the Nakibendye. Before entering government, they said: "Democracy is like a train. We shall get out when we arrive at the station we want."
As a young man they met Abdullah Gül, with whom they later orchestrated the rise of the AKP. A deep-seated rivalry now exists between the two. Again and again Gül has stirred up trouble against Erdoğan, particularly when the prime minister is traveling abroad. In a report from March 2005 when Gül was Turkish foreign minister, US diplomats described this as Gül's attempt to undermine Erdoğan's policies and gain more power in the party. Unlike Erdoğan, Gül speaks English, say the diplomats, and presents themselves as moderate and modern.
In truth, however, the US sees Gül as more ideological than Erdoğan and anti-Western, according to embassy dispatches based on statements from those close to Gül. Gül uses almost every opportunity to make Erdoğan look bad, the documents claim, even talking badly about them in front of state visitors. Gül worked for a long time to become president and therefore Erdoğan's equal. Erdoğan tried to prevent their rise -- without success. In the summer of 2007 Gül took up residence in the presidential palace in Ankara.
'Murky' and 'Muddled'
US diplomats are likewise unflinching when it comes to Erdoğan's advisor and foreign minister, Ahmet Davutoglu. They say they understand little about politics outside of Ankara. They see this as unfortunate, because they want to see Turkey join the EU -- but they don't believe it will ever happen. In order to make progress toward EU accession, the US ambassador wrote, the government must "hire a couple thousand people skilled in English or other major EU languages and up to the bureaucratic demands of interfacing with the Eurocrats." The AKP, write US diplomats, had thus far employed mostly confidants from the Sunni brotherhoods.
Some AKP politicians, according to a US assessment, support Turkish membership in the EU for "murky" and "muddled" reasons, for example because they believe Turkey must spread Islam in Europe. A US dispatch from late 2004 reports that a member of a leading AKP think tank said that Turkey's role is "to take back Andalusia and avenge the defeat at the siege of Vienna in 1683."
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu largely shares this viewpoint and the Americans are alarmed by their imperialistic tone. In a summary of a speech by Davutoglu delivered in Sarajevo in January 2010, the US ambassador wrote: "His thesis: the Balkans, Caucasus and Middle East were all better off when under Ottoman control or influence; peace and progress prevailed. Alas the region has been ravaged by division and war ever since.... However, now Turkey is back, ready to lead or even unite. (Davutoglu: 'We will re-establish this (Ottoman) Balkan')."
Of Rolls-Royce and Rover
Davutoglu's hubris and their neo-Ottoman vision is cause for US concern. Turkey has "Rolls-Royce ambitions but Rover resources," reads the same 2010 cable. According to embassy dispatches from 2004, Defense Minister Mehmet Gönül warned of Davutoglu's Islamist influence on Erdoğan.  They are "exceptionally dangerous" Gönül told the US.
Under Erdoğan, relations with Israel have dramatically deteriorated. The two governments are at odds over the war against Hamas in late 2008 and early 2009 and over the attack on the Gaza fleet earlier this year. The Israeli ambassador to Ankara, Gabby Levy, claimed in October 2009 that Erdoğan was behind the cooling of relations: "He's a fundamentalist. They hate us religiously," Levy was quoted as saying in a confidential US embassy dispatch from October 2009.
The Americans are watching with concern as Erdoğan distances NATO member-state Turkey further and further from the West. They are concerned about the country's stability. "Every day is a new one here, and no one can be certain where this whole choreography will fall out of whack," James Jeffrey, then the US ambassador in Turkey, wrote in late February 2010. "Then, look out."
Share This On Social
OPEC member countries and its partners participating in the agreement to reduce oil production expect the raw material market to balance in the first quarter of 2018. Depending on this goal, it will be decided whether the deal will be extended, according to Kuwait oil Minister Essam Al-Marzouk.
The OPEC+ Monitoring Committee meets today in St Petersburg for the first time since it was decided to extend the agreement by the end of March 2018. The committee meets once every two months to monitor the implementation of the agreement. There are five ministers – three from OPEC and two from outside the organization.
Essam Al-Marzouk specified after today's meeting that the next ministerial meeting would be in September, and technically on August 21st.
Saudi Arabian oil minister, Khalid A. Al-Falih, said at a press conference that their country would support the continuation of the agreement after March 2018. They added that Saudi Arabia plans to limit its exports in August to 6.6 million barrels per day. Yield in the country for six months was less than 10 million barrels per day.
In their words, OPEC countries and the non-cartel members of the agreement reached 98% implementation of the planned production cuts during the first half of the year. Oil prices have fallen in recent weeks amid worries about rising oil production in the United States that are not involved in the deal. Some countries are also not disciplined enough to enforce the restrictions altogether.
“Despite the high degree of implementation of the arrangements, we insist all countries to fulfill their 100% commitment”, said the Russian Energy Minister, Alexander Novak. They added that is open to tighter monitoring of the implementation of the agreement and its possible extension.
According to estimates by the International Energy Agency, announced earlier this month, compliance with voluntary cartel restrictions fell to 78% from 95% in the previous month.
Except for US mining, prices are under pressure from increased production in OPEC member countries Libya and Nigeria, which are exempt from the agreed yield cut due to political instability. OPEC Secretary General Mohammed Barkindo specified that once Nigeria reaches 1.8 million barrels per day, it will not exceed this amount until the end of the agreement.
By the end of 2016, OPEC and 11 independent oil exporting countries, including Russia, had reached an agreement to reduce oil yields. Under the agreement, the participants in the agreement had to cut their yields in the first six months of 2017 by 1.8 million barrels per day compared to October 2016.
At the OPEC meeting in Vienna in May this year, the agreement was prolonged by another nine months until April 2018.
Meanwhile, Russian energy minister Alexander Novak commented that the full implementation of the agreement would allow the market to be further withdrawn by about 200,000 barrels per day.
Details about the contract Giancarlo Stanton is signing with the Miami Marlins have started to leak out, and they're staggering: $325 million over 13 years, $50 million more than Alex Rodriguez's landmark 10-year, $275 million deal signed in 2007. The deal also includes a no-trade clause and opt-out clause, all details that were first reported by Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com ... or some guy named Christopher Meola.
Last night, Meola sent numerous tweets to various sports media members and websites with details about Stanton's contract, half a day before Heyman's report. As you can see, they're the same details that Heyman reported (and which Ken Rosenthal confirmed). We didn't do anything with the tweet because, well, we get a lot of random tweets and e-mails, and this one didn't have even the whiff of legitimacy.
Getting the headline numbers was pretty impressive, especially because a 13-year deal is nearly unprecedented, and not really the sort of thing you'd come up with by throwing darts. But knowing that there were no-trade and opt-out clauses—and getting the detail that the opt-out clause triggers when Stanton is 30, which nobody else has reported yet, but which is probably dead on—is very specific, and very impressive.
When I called Meola (I only knew their phone number because they tweeted it at other reporters) a youngish sounding man answered the phone. From a little bit of research, I had gathered that they lived in the Miami area and worked in marketing.
Advertisement
I asked how they came to know this information before established baseball reporters, and they were expectedly evasive. They said people at "an establishment" that he's a regular at know he's a huge baseball fan, before they trailed off and mentioned checking in with a source. Meola says they were told on Tuesday, and found out that the contract was officially signed on Wednesday, which doesn't quite square with Heyman's reporting that Stanton and the Marlins are "closing in" on a contract. This could, though, just involve different understandings of the signing process, which involve multiple contracts, documents that MLB needs to sign off on, etc.
Meola wouldn't tell me much about how they came to know very specific details about the contract, saying that it was from a source and "just one of those things that because ... all I can say is that the information got back to me very quickly."
At least one reporter took Meola seriously: Fox Sports' Ken Rosenthal. Meola says Rosenthal followed them on Twitter and traded a series of direct messages about the knowledge that Meola had. Rosenthal unfollowed Meola by the time they announced their confirmation of Heyman's report, leading Meola to call them out:
Advertisement
Three minutes later Meola got their credit:
Advertisement
Jon Heyman did later as well, sort of:
And as it turns out, that's all they wanted. I asked them why they tweeted at a bunch of reporters with their information rather than starting a blog, or trying to get a website (like Deadspin, for instance) to let them write a story. Meola responded that "it was just big for me because I'm a huge fan of the team." They say that they began by tweeting at local Marlins reporters (his first tweet included two of them), and then just started tweeting at reporters that they liked.
Advertisement
"I have nothing to lose or gain in the situation," said Meola. "I just said, 'Throw me a little bit of credit.'"
In many cities around the world—New York, San Francisco, London—most people find the rent to be unaffordable. Buying is out of the question. Perhaps that is because your city's housing stock is now just another fungible financial instrument, like pork bellies.
You, the middle class resident of a major urban area, may have complained at length about the fact that your city is full of exclusive luxury condos priced far out of your price range, yet you—the majority of people—cannot find a decent place to live within your price range. The next time you are puzzling over the fact that our massive and energetic real estate industry cannot seem to produce affordable housing for regular humans, it may be useful to stop and reflect on this comment made yesterday by zillionaire financier and global power broker Larry Fink, as reported by Bloomberg:
“The two greatest stores of wealth internationally today is contemporary art….. and I don't mean that as a joke, I mean that as a serious asset class,” said Fink. “And two, the other store of wealth today is apartments in Manhattan, apartments in Vancouver, in London.”
What Fink—a man who would know!—said, to be clear, is that New York apartments and fantastically expensive works of art are replacing gold as the assets of choice in which to park vast amounts of wealth. You may need an apartment as something basic for your survival; but a tiny sliver of extremely wealthy humans around the world need apartments, many of which sit empty most of the year, to use as a physical bank account, and their need supersedes yours.
The only way to change this dynamic is to either take the apartments, or take the money.
[Photo via]
Highlander Discovery 85L backpaking and travel backpackIt's time for the review of my new Highlander Discovery 85 liter travel backpack, that I bought a couple of months ago. I was able to use it while backpacking only on short trips so far, so I'll need more testing on the long run for durability.
After over 10 years that I've been using my Ferrino Young 90 liter backpack, it was time for them to take a rest and a well deserved pension period after so many adventures we had together.
I did search for a long time for my new travel backpack, I mean for months. I was looking for a good quality backpack, affordable and light, and it wasn't an easy combination. And while I was looking for it I was in Italy and the options available in the shops weren't too many. So I eventually decided to buy it online, even if it was risky, since I couldn't try it to see if it was fitting my body.
And in fact a first time I bought a High Peak Cirrus 75 (I will review it shortly), but I had to send it back, since despite being a good one, was too small for my needs. And yes, the second try was the final one, and I'm totally satisfied so far with my Highlander Discovery 85 liter backpack!
Given the size I would consider it a very good choice for backpackers into long travels or trekking trips, while it might be too big as an hiking backpack or for short trips in general. Even if for many backpackers 85L might looks like a lot, I'm (unfortunately) not an ultralight backpacker. Highlander Discovery 85 liter backpack: extensible topMy standard equipment (Laptop, Camera tripod, hiking boots, sleeping bag, etc.) weights about 12 kilos (26lb 7.3oz), and I usually end up carrying about 15 kilos in my main travel backpack, plus some more stuff in my daypack. That's why I prefer to have a big rucksack rather than fitting everything in a 65 liters bag, and then having to hang things on the exterior. I rather prefer to have a bigger backpack and to carry the extra 300 grams weight, and to keep my things protected.
And the Highlander Discovery 85 liter travel backpack, is actually even bigger than 85 liters: I would rather call it an 85+10 or 80+10 or even 90 liters, as other companies would do for marketing purposes. In fact it has a very nice extensible lid, that give the possibility to fill up also the extra space on top, in between the first and the second draw cords. Just to be perfectionist and to include all the pros and cons in my review, there is a small detail that might be improved: the extensible lid is fixed on the side by two strings, one on each side: this mean that when the backpack is not full, the frame on the back is passing in between the two strings and the lid is staying in front of the frame rather than on top. This could be solved just by adding an extra string in the center.
Highlander Discovery 85 L travel backpack: extensible capCompared to my previous Ferrino backpack, what I like the most is the waist belt. I'm very skinny, and when I'm travelling for long time I usually lose even more weight. This meant that my Ferrino belt was passing through my hips, and I couldn't really distribute the weight as I wanted. With the Highlander Discovery 85 L backpack instead, I have no problems at all, since I can make it really tight, and I still have some extra space.
The weight of the backpack is really competitive: in my kitchen scale it's showing 2.066 kilos (72.876oz) slightly lighter than what is advertised (2.1 kg). Compared to the 85L+ volume, it's a really light rucksack, but still very resistant and with good and thick materials.
Another feature that I really appreciated, was that the two side pockets are quite long so that I can fit my camera tripod inside one of them, rather than carrying it on the exterior.
The internal space is divided into 2 compartments with separate accesses. The lid of the bottom compartment is elastic, so that it's wrapping around the content leaving no gaps. I like this attention to details. Highlander Discovery 85 front view when full
There is no front pocket, that for some might be a disadvantage, but I got used quickly to it. There are instead 2 very solid straps, that I thought were going to be useless, but instead they revealed to be a really nice extra feature. It's perfect when the backpack is full, or for temporary storing your jacket or anything else.
The adjustable back system is an ABS model with ventilation and soft pads, that can be adjusted in a minute to several sizes. I feel it very comfortable on my body and there are many straps (front, top, waist) to adapt it perfectly to your body.
And even if not technically relevant for the review, the Highlander Discovery rucksack does look nice! It's not easy to find a good looking backpack, but I think I managed to choose very well. Highlander Discovery 85 liter backpack: back view
And last but not least, it can be bought at a fraction of the price than the popular brands: a very good news for moneyless backpackers like us!
To conclude my review I'm totally satisfied with my new travel backpack, and I hope it's not going to disappoint me and to last at least as much as my previous Ferrino lasted!
Note: This review is authentic, and we have no affiliation with the company. I paid from my pockets to buy the backpack!
Below the main characteristics:
Volume: 85 Liters (available also 65 liters)
ABS (Adjustable back system)
Chest straps
Two compartments separated with a draw cord divider
Extensible top lid for extra space
Lid external pocket and internal zip pocket Waist belt with integrated pocket
Extensible side pockets
Shock cord attachments
Padded waist belt
Rain cover
H20 Hydration port
Fabric: 210D Hex Ripstop Polyester. 900D Polyester PU Coating 600D Polyester PVC Coating
Dimensions: H85 x W35 x D31 cm
Weight: 2.1kg
Colours available: Red/Grey or Black/Grey
Advertisement
A Playful Brown Bear With A Distressing Past
Photos: Animals Asia/wwwpeteryuenphotography.com
Iris is a Eurasian brown bear rescued from a horrific bear bile farm in Shandong province in April, 2010. They had been through the worst torture imaginable, incarcerated with a ‘full metal jacket', which held an open fistula to constantly drain the bile out of their gall bladder. To this day, they still bear the scars where the jacket disfigured their body.
 They are one of five brown bears living in AnimalsAsia's China Bear Rescue Centre. Despite their hideous past, Iris is now making the most of life in our Chengdu bear sanctuary. As these pictures and video below show, there's no end to the amount of entertainment a powerful brown bear like Iris can get out of a log.
More than 10,000 bears – mainly moon bears, but also sun bears and brown bears – are kept on bile farms in China, and around 2,400 in Vietnam.
The bears are milked regularly for their bile, which is used in traditional medicine.
Bile is extracted using various painful, invasive techniques, all of which cause massive infection in the bears. This cruel practice continues despite the availability of a large number of effective and affordable herbal and synthetic alternatives.
Most farmed bears are kept in tiny cages. In China, the cages are sometimes so small that the bears are unable to turn around or stand on all fours. Some bears are put into cages as cubs and never released. Some may be kept caged like this for up to 30 years. Most farmed bears are starved, dehydrated and suffer from multiple diseases and malignant tumours that ultimately kill them.
A group of far right Jewish settlers have stormed the al-Aqsa mosque compound in Israeli-occupied East Jerusalem, despite a heavy security forces presence, witnesses said.
Sunday's raid came as Jewish organisations called for their followers to be permitted to visit the al-Aqsa during Jewish holiday of Hanukkah.
Witnesses told Al Jazeera that more than 30 settlers, accompanied by members of the Israeli special forces, entered the al-Aqsa in three groups.
The Media Centre for the Jerusalem and al-Aqsa affairs group said Muslim worshippers “repelled the raid by shouting ‘God is Great'."
Sources in the Palestinian Ministry of Islamic Endowment told Al Jazeera that security had been tightened around the mosque compound and new security checkpoints have been set up during Hanukkah, or the Festival of Lights, which began on Sunday and will last for eight days.
Visits by Jewish groups, including politicians, to the al-Aqsa, one of Islam's holiest sites have triggered often deadly violence in recent months.
Palestinians fear that Israeli hard-liners are trying to take control of the site.
Under the current arrangements, Jews are allowed to visit the site, known as the Temple Mount in Judaism, but non-Muslim prayer is banned.
So my first post, is actually something I wrote about a year ago, and it has been sat doing nothing, so here it is!
A week in the life of a club cricket captain.
Most people will give up reading this, and the rest will probably think it is stupid, but perhaps some of you might read this, and it might change your mind-set when you turn up and have a nice game of cricket on a Saturday.
As a bit of background, I am a 3rd team captain, on Saturday we run 3 teams, all playing League cricket. The club has its weekly selection meeting on a Monday night starting at 8pm and that is where it all begins for the week in the life of a captain.
Monday 8PM: The selection committee had 33 players available, this is a good week. As usual, we all set about moving the right players into the right team, attempting to have 3 balanced teams that were also competitive and gave every player the best chance of being involved as possible. Sounds easy?
Monday 8:30PM: A text comes through, a player is unavailable, and we now have 32 players for 33 spaces.
Monday 10PM: Selection finishes, 32 players sorted for Saturday and 9 for Sunday.
Tuesday: A night off! I went and played social midweek cricket for a staff team, scored 8 runs, had fun, went home.
Wednesday 6PM: Club training night, I get the text I wanted, my 11th man is sorted, and they can keep wicket, even better, 7 bowlers, one keeper, 3 batsmen, perfect. I leave the club about 8:30 that night, back with 11 players, and ready to go for the weekend.
Thursday AM: Receive 2 messages, both players no longer available through injury and illness, back down to 9 players.
Thursday 6PM: I head down to the club, start work trying to find 2 more players, I still have 7 bowlers. There is a junior player available who is a bowler, they won't get a bowl in that team, I can't pick him.
Thursday 8:30PM: Home time, I watched some junior cricket, I have tried lots of potential players, by this point I have spoken to 28 players this week, all unavailable. We still have 9.
Thursday 9PM: A player!! We are up to 10, I need a beer.
Friday: Weather forecast isn't great, I need to drive 30 minutes to our home ground to put the cover on.
If every player I had spoken to this week was available, we could run 5 teams on a Saturday, and still have to leave players out. If you believe it or not, I am lucky, there are 4 or 5 “clubmen” that we have available most weeks, and they will play if I need them. These guys are the heart and soul of a cricket club, and they do anything. Countless times, I haven't selected one of these on a Monday, then given them a call Friday and they play to help out the club. They aren't world beaters but they would never see a team short, this is the kind of player I want to be and I fully admire for everything they do for a club, but they are so often not noticed or appreciated by players, who just see them turn up every now and again.
TLDR: Playing cricket is brilliant, organising cricket is a nightmare. Appreciate your captains, and your club mates, make yourself available as much as possible, and you will be appreciated, needed, wanted and respected.
Oh and Saturday: We played, we won by 5 wickets, I hit the winning runs (9* thanks very much) stealing the glory from a 66* and 4-fer for the same guy. Not really, I think they got the glory, I just went back to another Monday selection meeting……
How to use Virtual Payment Address for financial transactions of 6 Next Prev
Play Slideshow What is a VPA? 4 Jan, 2017 A virtual payment address is an identifier that can be uniquely mapped to an individual account. A virtual payment address is an identifier that can be uniquely mapped to an individual account. The role of UPI 4 Jan, 2017 Unified Payment Interface services help customers to create VPAs for making and receiving payments. UPI enables bank account holders to instantaneously transfer funds across different banks using mobile phones. The service is available 24x7. Unified Payment Interface services help customers to create VPAs for making and receiving payments. UPI enables bank account holders to instantaneously transfer funds across different banks using mobile phones. The service is available 24x7. Create a VPA 4 Jan, 2017 Download the UPI mobile app to create a VPA, which will act as your financial address. There is no need to remember beneficiary account number, IFSC codes or net banking ID and password for making transactions through UPI. Download the UPI mobile app to create a VPA, which will act as your financial address. There is no need to remember beneficiary account number, IFSC codes or net banking ID and password for making transactions through UPI. Link bank accounts 4 Jan, 2017 Once the user has created a VPA, they can link their bank account to this VPA by generating and using an MPIN for this account. It is possible to link more than one account to a VPA. Once the user has created a VPA, they can link their bank account to this VPA by generating and using an MPIN for this account. It is possible to link more than one account to a VPA. Transferring money 4 Jan, 2017 After the VPA has been linked with a bank account, payment can be made using the ‘Pay with VPA' option. To pay any person using the VPA, enter the beneficiary's VPA, amount and remarks and then authorise the transaction to start the fund transfer. After the VPA has been linked with a bank account, payment can be made using the ‘Pay with VPA' option. To pay any person using the VPA, enter the beneficiary's VPA, amount and remarks and then authorise the transaction to start the fund transfer. Next
China's largest reported oil spill more than doubled in size to 165 sq. miles (430 sq. kilometers) by Wednesday, forcing nearby beaches to close and prompting one official to warn of a “severe threat” to sea life and water quality.
The oil slick started spreading five days ago when a pipeline at a busy northeastern port exploded, sparking a massive fire that took more than 15 hours to contain. Hundreds of boats have been deployed to help with the cleanup.
At least one person has been killed in those efforts, a 25-year-old firefighter, Zhang Liang, who drowned Tuesday after a wave threw them from a vessel and pushed them out to sea, the state-run Xinhua News Agency reported. Another man who also fell in was rescued.
Beaches near Dalian, once named China's most livable city, were closing as oil started reaching their shores, Xinhua reported.
“The oil spill will pose a severe threat to marine animals, and water quality, and the seabirds,” Huang Yong, deputy bureau chief for Dalian, China Maritime Safety Administration, told Dragon TV.
The environmental group Greenpeace China released several photographs this week showing oil-slicked rocky beaches, a man covered in thick black sludge up to their cheekbones. One worker, covered in oil, was being carried away by a colleague, but they were not identified.
The amount of oil spilled in the explosion was still not clear Wednesday, though China Central Television earlier reported an estimate of 1,500 tons. That would amount roughly to 400,000 gallons (1,500,000 liters) Ã¢â‚¬â€ as compared with 94 million to 184 million gallons in the BP oil spill off the U.S. coast.
State Oceanic Administration released the latest size of the contaminated area in a statement Tuesday.
Though the slick has continued to expand Ã¢â‚¬â€ it covered a 70-sq.-mile (180-sq.-kilometer) stretch earlier this week Ã¢â‚¬â€ officials maintain no more oil was leaking into the Yellow Sea.
The cause of the blast was still not clear. The pipeline is owned by China National Petroleum Corp., Asia's biggest oil and gas producer by volume.
Images of 100-foot-high (30-meter-high) flames shooting up near part of China's strategic oil reserves late Friday drew the immediate attention of President Hu Jintao and other top leaders. Now the challenge is cleaning up the greasy brown plume.
“Our priority is to collect the spilled oil within five days to reduce the possibility of contaminating international waters,” Dalian's vice mayor, Dai Yulin, told Xinhua on Tuesday.
But an official with the State Oceanic Administration has warned the spill will be difficult to clean up even in twice that amount of time.
The Dalian port is China's second largest for crude oil imports, and last week's spill appears to be the country's largest in recent memory.
Source: AP News
Sri Lankan boost for Ireland
Mahela Jayawardene could be set for Dublin IRELAND have been handed a New Year boost with confirmation that they will be playing two ODI's against Sri Lanka. The games will both take place at Clontarf on Tuesday May 6 and Thursday May 8.
“It's great news for both the team and supporters,” said Ireland coach Phil Simmons, who by coincidence flew out to Sri Lanka on Wednesday with the Ireland A squad on a two week tour.
“Ireland need as many matches as possible against Full Member sides. It's how we measure ourselves now in terms of our cricketing progress. We'll be gearing our preparation towards the 2015 World Cup, and this series is ideal. 2013 couldn't have gone much better in terms of the fact that we won three trophies and continued our domination against our fellow Associates.
“We did however miss opportunities to claim victories against both Pakistan and England when in strong positions. We'll be looking to take our cricket to the next level in 2014 by winning from these type of situations, pressing home our advantage when we're on top.
“It's a fantastic opportunity for our squad to face players of the calibre of Kumar Sangakkara, Angelo Matthews, Tillakaratne Dilshan and of course Lasith Malinga. They're going to be tough opposition but Irish conditions in May will be to our advantage.”
Warren Deutrom, Cricket Ireland Chief Executive said: “We are most grateful to Sri Lanka Cricket for giving us this opportunity. It is clear to all in the game that our performances against the Full Members are becoming increasingly competitive in all formats, and this is another opportunity for us to convert strong match positions into ranking points. Along with our series in the Caribbean and the World T20 this is a strong start to the year and, win or lose, another chance to demonstrate that we belong at this level.”
It will be only the second visit of a Sri Lankan side to Irish shores - the previous occasion was at Eglinton in 1979 when Ivan Anderson's century helped Ireland secure a draw in the first-class match.
In more recent times Ireland lost their only ODI encounter by eight wickets in the 2007 World Cup, a game which marked the end of Adi Birrell's tenure as Ireland coach.The teams met again in a thrilling game at Lord's during the 2009 ICC World Twenty20, when Ireland lost by just nine runs to the eventual finalists.
Ireland are in action later this month when they tour the West Indies before they take part in the ICC World Twenty20 in Bangladesh in March.
Ireland lost to Sri Lanka at the 2007 Cricket World Cup
NEW DELHI: Government has fixed the ceiling price of 530 essential medicines that has resulted in price reduction of over 40 per cent in case of 126 drugs , Parliament was informed today."National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has fixed the ceiling price of 530 medicines", out of 680 NLEM medicines (628 net medicines) that are under the scheduled category of DPCO 2013, Minister of State for Chemicals and Fertilisers Hansraj Gangaram Ahir said in Rajya Sabha.Out of 530 drugs, above 40 per cent price reduction has happened in case of 126 medicines, while prices of 34 drugs has come down in the range of 35-40 per cent.The drug pricing regulator has reduced the price of 26 medicines by 30-35 per cent while prices of 49 drugs have been reduced in the range of 25-30 per cent, Ahir said.While the prices of 65 medicines have been reduced in the range of 20-25 per cent, 43 medicines have witnessed the price reduction in the range of 15 to 20 per cent, they added.Moreover, 57 drugs saw price reduction of 10-15 per cent, price of 50 drugs were reduced in range of 5-10 per cent. In case of 80 medicines the reduction with respect to maximum price was between 0 to 5 per cent, Ahir said.NPPA mandate is to fix or revise the prices of controlled bulk drugs and formulations and to enforce prices and availability of the medicines in the country.It also monitors prices of decontrolled drugs in order to keep them at reasonable levels.
An arrest has been made in the murder of Syrian opposition figure and their daughter, according to Turkish media reports.
The suspect has been named as Ahmad Barakat and was arrested in Bursa.
المتهم الذي القت القوات الأمنية التركية عليه القبض بتهمة قتل السيدتين عروبة و حلا بركات و يدعى بحسب وسائل الإعلام التركية أحمد بركات pic.twitter.com/H1A3C3aNlI — أسامة أبو زيد (@oabozayd) September 30, 2017
Orouba Barakat and their daughter Hala were stabbed to death earlier this month. Turkish police found their bodies in their apartment in Istanbul's area of Uskudar.
Orouba was a Syrian activist who opposes the Assad regime. (Al Arabiya)
Orouba was a Syrian activist who opposed the Assad regime. They were a member of the opposition national council and was a well known as a supporter of the revolution and as a critic of opposition institutions. Them daughter Hala was a journalist in the Syrian Orient institution.
Last Update: Saturday, 30 September 2017 KSA 13:12 - GMT 10:12
Call it installation or call it caching, but the bottom line is that you will have to save large chunks of PlayStation 4 games to the system's hard drive. It's not an option. It's mandatory on Sony's next-gen system. Today, at a stylish waterfront hotel in New York City that's been taken over by Sony for all things PS4, the system's lead architect, Mark Cerny, explained just how these requirements work.
If you are playing a disc-based game, the system will begin caching the disc when you put it in the console and get ready to play. The game is saving part of itself to the system's hard drive. The amount of data that has to be saved before you can start will vary per title.
Cerny said that for the launch game they directed, Knack, users should only have to wait 10s of seconds to play the game. After that, as you play, the game will stream more content to the console's 500GB hard drive. Knack will use 37GB of space overall, as noted on the game's box. Obviously, it won't take many games to fill the console's hard drive.
Cached/installed game data will stay on the hard drive until the user deletes it. Cerny said that there had been some internal discussions at Sony about having the PS4 auto-delete installed data from games that players hadn't used in a while. They decided against it, figuring that gamers would never want to feel "blindsided" and would prefer to make their data management decisions manually. Probably a good choice!
Advertisement
The disc installation is required on PS4 because the console is not designed to read games off of discs. It's not a PlayStation issue. It's a physics issue. The machine may have a Blu-Ray drive that's about three times faster than the PS3 and sixteen times as much memory, but it's still more expedient for the PS4 to read data from its own hard drive. Cerny said their team had heard too many complaints from current-gen developers about having to wait to load in new levels of games. Putting the data on the readily-accessible hard drive alleviates that.
Not surprisingly, Microsoft's Xbox One requires installation from Blu-Ray, too, and only runs games off the hard drive.
If a PS4 user decides to download a game, they will have to wait longer to play. Cerny couldn't provide as narrow an estimate on how long a player who decided to download Knack would have to wait. That depends in large part on a user's Internet connection speed. Ideally, they said, they wouldn't have to wait more than an hour before beginning to play the partially downloaded games. Other games may be set up differently, allowing users to start playing them sooner or requiring them to wait longer. With these kinds of download speeds and requirements, players may want to queue their PS4 downloads long before they want to start gaming or download in the background while doing something else. Or just drive to the store and get a disc.
Advertisement
We'll have much more about the PS4 in the coming days as well as a review of the system at 9am ET, on Wednesday, November 13.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has backed down from their total opposition to renewed examination of Australia's race hate laws, conceding possible changes are a legitimate area of discussion for the Coalition.
Previously ruling out any change to controversial provisions in section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act, Mr Turnbull said on Friday the government would consider a proposal put forward by West Australian Liberal senator Dean Smith for a parliamentary inquiry.
Right-wing Coalition MPs and some high profile Australians are pushing Mr Turnbull to revive Abbott government plans to repeal provisions making it an offence to insult or offend people on the basis of their race.
Mr Turnbull told Melbourne radio station 3AW the government had "no plans to amend section 18C" of the Act, but called for an open discussion.
Does Washington want war with Russia?
24 April 2014
Does Washington want a war with Russia? A review of recent US actions surrounding the crisis in Ukraine clearly poses what would have once seemed an unthinkable question. The Obama administration is playing a very dangerous game of Russian Roulette.
In the last 48 hours, the Pentagon has announced the deployment of US paratrooper units to Poland and the three former Baltic republics of the Soviet Union—Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania—bringing US troops to Russia's very border. Another American warship has been dispatched to the Black Sea and more US forces are slated to deploy to Ukraine itself this summer under an exercise known as Operation Rapid Trident.
These military moves by Washington are unfolding in the context of an acute crisis within Ukraine that, thanks to the machinations of Washington and its puppets, threatens to erupt into full-blown civil war.
Less than one week after signing a joint statement with Russia, the US and the European Union in Geneva pledging to end all violence in Ukraine and disarm illegal groups, the US puppet regime in Kiev has ordered its military to carry out an “anti-terrorist” crackdown against the restive Russian-speaking population in the country's industrial southeast. To that end it has dispatched not only troops, tanks and warplanes, but also armed thugs from the neo-fascist Right Sector.
The Putin government in Moscow, which has desperately searched for accommodation with Washington, appears to be waking up to the deadly seriousness of the situation. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov warned in an English-language interview with the state-run RT television channel Wednesday that their government would treat an attack on Russian citizens in Ukraine as an attack on Russia itself. They raised as a precedent the August 2008 offensive launched by the government of Georgia on Russians in South Ossetia, to which Russia responded by intervening militarily to repel Georgian forces.
The implication that the Russian government would carry out a similar intervention to stop Ukrainian troops from slaughtering Russian-speaking civilians in the Donbas region should be treated with the utmost seriousness.
In the interview, Lavrov also observed, referring to the actions of the government in Kiev, that “the Americans are running the show in a very close way.” This is indisputable. The regime itself is the product of a protracted American intervention in the country's internal affairs, with some $5 billion in so-called “democracy promotion” funding pumped into Ukraine since the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.
These efforts culminated in the fomenting of a right-wing opposition movement to destabilize the Russian-aligned government of President Viktor Yanukovych by means of street violence. When a deal was brokered between the opposition and Yanukovych, Washington ensured that it was scuttled and the elected president overthrown by fascist paramilitary forces.
The prime minister of the regime brought to power by the February 22 fascist-led coup, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, was handpicked by US officials, who affectionately referred to them as “Yats.”
The point person for this operation has been US Undersecretary of State for Eurasian Affairs Victoria Nuland, a former chief security adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney and the wife of Robert Kagan, the founding chairperson of the Project for a New American Century. They have brought to Ukraine and to Russia itself the same policy of aggressive war that was implemented in the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
The way in which Washington calls the shots has been demonstrated in an even more sinister fashion with the launching of the first abortive “counterterrorist” operation in the Donbas in the immediate aftermath of a covert trip to Kiev by CIA Director John Brennan, and then its resumption in the immediate aftermath of this week's visit by Vice President Joseph Biden.
From start to finish, the Ukraine crisis has been instigated by US imperialism. Every action Washington has taken has been directed at exacerbating and intensifying this crisis. The longer this crisis goes on, the clearer it becomes that US policy is directed not so much at Ukraine as at Russia itself. Ukraine, it would seem, is meant merely to provide the pretext for a war with Russia.
Short of that, it would be used to force a humiliating capitulation by Moscow that would only set the stage for redoubled aggression aimed at Russia's dismemberment and transformation into a powerless semi-colony.
Presumably, those in the White House and the Pentagon believe that such a conflict would stop short of a nuclear war, but who knows?
The threat of a US war on Russia is also apparent in the flood of war propaganda being unleashed upon the public. Vladimir Putin is being subjected to the same kind of demonization previously reserved for Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi, while the State Department and its faithful scribes at the New York Times serve up “photographic evidence” of Russian troops in Ukraine that has all the authenticity of similar “proofs” of Iraq's “weapons of mass destruction.”
What underlies the US war drive? In the run-up to the Ukraine crisis, Washington had grown increasingly incensed by Moscow's role in blocking US war plans against both Syria and Iran, not to mention Putin's granting of asylum to NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. Earlier, there was the fiasco that Moscow dealt Washington in the US-backed 2008 war launched by Georgia against South Ossetia. The events in Ukraine suggest that US imperialism has embarked on a strategy to eliminate Russia as an obstacle to its drive to assert hegemony over the Middle East and, more broadly, the landmass of Eurasia.
There are also internal factors driving Washington to war. Social contradictions within the United States have reached a dangerous intensity. Masses of working people continue to bear the brunt of the capitalist economic crisis, even as Wall Street recoups its losses from the 2008 collapse and grows richer than ever. More and more fingers are pointing at the super-rich as the party responsible for unprecedented social inequality and misery in America.
As so often in the past, war provides an external outlet for internal social pressures and the danger of domestic unrest. Under conditions of overwhelming popular hostility to military intervention, one thing is certain: a war with Russia would rapidly lead to the shredding of the Constitution, the abrogation of democratic rights, the outlawing of political opposition and a massive escalation of police state measures.
The greatest danger would be to underestimate the threat of war. Even if it is averted or postponed in the immediate instance, the profound contradictions of the imperialist system make the catastrophe of a nuclear Third World War not just a danger, but an inevitability, outside of the working class mobilizing its strength internationally in a unified movement to put an end to capitalism.
It is to prepare such a struggle that the International Committee of the Fourth International and the World Socialist Web Site are holding an International May Day Online Rally on May 4. We urge workers and youth from every country to join in this common forum and discussion on forging the international revolutionary socialist movement that is so urgently needed. Register today at internationalmayday.org.
Bill Van Auken
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Donald Trump's campaign on Monday released a TV ad highlighting Hillary Clinton's comment from Friday in which they said you could put half of Donald Trump's supporters into “the basket of deplorables,” CBS News' Major Garrett reports.
The 30-second ad, which is estimated to cost $2 million, starts with a voiceover: “Speaking to wealthy donors, Hillary Clinton called tens of millions of Americans “deplorable.”
The Democratic presidential nominee made the comment at an LGBT fundraiser on Friday.
The ad continues with a clip of Clinton saying, “You could put half of Trump's supporters into what I call the ‘basket of deplorables.' The racists, sexists, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic, you name it.”
“You know what's deplorable?” the voiceover says. “Hillary Clinton viciously demonizing hard-working people like you.”
The campaign said it's targeting Ohio, Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Florida -- all key battleground states.
Republicans have gone on the attack after Clinton's remark. Though they said on Saturday that they regretted the comment, Clinton still stuck with the accusation that Trump has “given a national platform to hateful views and voices.”
In response to the original statement, Trump tweeted, “While many of their supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!”
This comes as Trump and Clinton are virtually tied in the battleground states of Arizona, Florida, Nevada and New Hampshire.
The United Nations has overwhelmingly voted in favour of raising a flag of Palestine at its headquarters in New York City in a symbolic move highlighting Palestinian aspirations for statehood.
A resolution was adopted on Thursday evening with 119 in favour, eight voting against - including Israel and the United States - and 45 abstentions.
The text allows the flags of Palestine and the Holy See - both of which have non-member observer status - to be hoisted alongside those of the member states.
"It is a symbolic thing, but another step to solidify the pillars of the state of Palestine in the international arena," said Riyad Mansour, the Palestinian representative to the UN, ahead of the vote.
European nations were divided on the move with France and Sweden voting in favour while others such as Germany, Austria, Finland, the Netherlands and Cyprus abstained.
The UN has 20 days to implement the move, in time for a visit by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on September 30.
'Small light'
Mansour said the initiative had the potential to "give our people some hope that the international community is still supporting the independence of the state of Palestine.
RELATED: How has Israel's Supreme Court defended the occupation?
"Things are bleak, gloomy, the political process is dead, Gaza is being suffocated. This flag resolution is like the small light of a candle to keep hope alive for the Palestinian people."
Our quest is not for another failing Arab state with a meaningless flag and useless institutions but for a homeland that was stripped from us. Azam Tamimi, Palestinian academic and author
Both Israel and the United States have expressed strong opposition, with Israel's UN ambassador Ron Prosor slamming the move as "a blatant attempt to hijack the UN".
Prosor this week accused the Palestinians of trying to "score easy and meaningless points at the UN".
They had asked UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and General Assembly President Ron Kutesa to block the move, which would break with the UN practice of flying only the flags of member states.
US state department spokesperson Mark Toner called it a "counterproductive" attempt to pursue statehood claims outside of a negotiated settlement.
Azzam Tamimi, a Palestinian British academic and author, told Al Jazeera that the gesture was "meaningless".
"What the Palestinians need from the UN is an acknowledgement of its historic role in dispossessing the Palestinians," Tamimi said.
"Our quest is not for another failing Arab state with a meaningless flag and useless institutions, but for a homeland that was stripped from us... We need the UN to atone for its sin by recognising the legitimacy of our struggle."
The General Assembly upgraded the status of the Palestinians to that of non-member observer state in 2012.
The Vatican said it would abide by the decision of the General Assembly, but it also noted that the tradition at the UN was to fly the flags of full members.
Oh how I do love Coco xD So I finally watched Kyoukai no Kanata, and all I could think about was how Coco would be Mirai and Rarity would be like a senpai for Coco. I was in an over anime mood when I decided to make this picture.  They are SOOO MOE. I imagined them saying to herself, "Rarity-senpai finally noticed me!" in this picture.
I might upload a whole "process" pic for this one.
My Little Build Fighters gallery: checkerboardazn.deviantart.com…
dax812 A special thanks tofor helping me decide on a color scheme
I know ALOT of bronies out there watch anime, so that got me thinking. I want to make an MLP inspired anime. I know it is crazy, but hear me out on this. I plan for this to be a series of 5 (give or take), 30-minute episodes. This is probably one of the most ambitious projects in the MLP community. This isn't even coco's final form.
Think of it like this: MLPx(Kill la Kill + Infinite Stratos + Final Fantasy)
The following are the people I am looking for are these groups: VAs Animators willing to animate humans storyboard artists background artists concept artists sound and music writers
If you are interested, send me a portfolio of your works based on individual groups to my email: checkerboardazn@gmail.com. Deviantart Notes are also fine. Do not mix groups, ie: sending a portfolio of art and music and voice samples.
Animation will be done in 2d and done in an moe anime style.
Artwork pertaining to this project: checkerboardazn.deviantart.com…
This picture is part of a new ongoing project I am starting now that I am done with my "My Little Build Fighters" series. This "Project" is to help me with painting as well as character consistency Hopefully I will improve.
Professional wrestler Randy Orton has been caught in a sting operation by Dateline NBC's popular hidden-camera show “To Catch an Apex Predator.”
When they were nabbed, Orton was visiting the house of a young man with whom they had been chatting in an online forum.
More from Kayfabe News
Though Orton insisted they came over “just to hang out for a while,” they were suspected of plotting a surprise RKO out of nowhere on the young man.
Hidden cameras rolled as Dateline NBC reporter Chris Hansen surprised Orton by striding into the room and asking in a smarmy tone: “What are you doing here, Randy?”
Confused, Orton stammered that they were just “popping by to say hi,” and then got up to leave, but was suddenly cornered by a film crew.
Hansen continued to pepper Orton with questions and accusations: “I have the transcripts of your online chat, Randy. You're here to give this young man an RKO, aren't you? Admit it. It's right here in the transcripts.”
Orton tried to flee the scene, but was apprehended by police, who dropped them off at Vince McMahon's house for a stern lecture.
You should be able to buy a condom that doesn't require chopping down native jungles, or paying its workers less than the living wage to produce it
A gang of German entrepreneurs has started a company with the mission to build a fair and sustainable condom. Einhorn, a brand decorated with unicorns and a schoolboy sense of irony, launched its crowd-fund appeal at the beginning of February. Within 48 hours it had reached its minimum target of €50,000 (£37,142). Clearly someone has sex on the brain.
With packaging not dissimilar to a packet of crisps, the condoms will be available in two sizes: 54mm and 56mm. They are transparent in colour and are wider at the top “for more feeling”. You can buy them in “weekly” or “yearly” bags (seven pieces or 52 pieces) on the crowdfunding site.
Fairtrade condoms to vegan lubricants: the ins and outs of eco sex Read more
Waldemar Zeiler, reformed capitalist and co-founder of Einhorn, confesses they and their co-entrepreneurs knew very little about condoms – apart from as users.
“We had no clue what we were doing,” they say. “But we worked together with a university in Germany [who are] experts on sustainable rubber production. We'll go to Malaysia with German scientists and go through our plantations. Then we'll test the soil and stay over there analysing stuff and make things better. This includes making sure the minimum wage is paid to workers and knowing what's in the condoms.
“Right now, we're 10% sustainable. Our goal is to have an 80-90% sustainable product in five years. Every time we improve, we'll put it online and you can see what has changed. Even if people say something isn't possible, we'll aim for the best-case scenario and if we don't make our target, we'll get close and say so. But we won't go round saying it's 100% Fairtrade or whatever … this is all bullshit and people need to realise that.”
The guys in charge of selling condoms are all like 65 and I don't think they have sex anymore. Waldemar Zeiler, co-founder, Einhorn
Einhorn is not the first company aiming to make condoms more sustainable, of course. It's the latest in a crop of eco-condom companies to spring up recently, along with Sustain, L Condom, French Letter and more.
The Einhorn team is tackling the online condom market with the arrogance of youth. It's declared commercial target is the 25-35 year-old generation Y and the brand is named after that memetic internet beast, the unicorn.
Zeiler says: “Everyone has a connection to sex but condoms are still being sold as medical products. The guys in charge of selling these don't know who's using them. They're all like 65 and I don't think they have sex anymore.
“We got sick of complaining about ugly, unsustainable, non-environmentally conscious exploited products, so we decided to make a better one ourselves and make it really sexy, cool. If you want to do sustainable things, you have to compete with regular products that people want to buy because it's cool, not because they're trying to be good.”
Perhaps what the Einhorn crew are really selling is a business model founded on open-source information and transparency. Condoms, it seems, are the product they choose to sell, but the way they deal with the market could be transferable to any product.
The entrepreneurs have started a scheme called the Entrepreneur's Pledge based on the philanthropists' equivalent, the Giving Pledge. They're asking “serious entrepreneurs” and “kick ass CEOs” to fund at least one social business and give 50% of the profits to a good cause, as they are. Zeiler argues that charity giving isn't an efficient way to spend money and suggests that a social business dollar has more impact. “If our business grows, the more revenue we make. And the more we can give back.”
Breeding flies and edible plastic: the kitchen of the future Read more
Condoms aren't a large market. In Germany, where Einhorn is based, the market is worth €100m (£74.1m). Globally, it's projected to reach £3.6bn this year. Condoms are a product, not an industry. But the margins are like Coca-Cola's. From costing a few cents to produce, the condoms can be sold for between 60 cents to €2 a piece.
“The fact we're selling condoms doesn't really matter,” Zeiler says. “It's a product and proof of concept for what we are doing. We bring a standard product to an online market, brand it properly, go through its value chain and make everything in that chain as sustainable as we can and then publish all the information about our product online – even the bad stuff because somebody out there will know how to make it better.
“We're starting with condoms because the market isn't large. We could achieve dominance easily and we won't be threatened by big online players. But we also want to encourage people to work on products with no alternative. Like hairdryers. I'm looking for a sustainable hairdryer. Can't find one.”
Supply chain geekery can stretch to all the products we have around the home – knowing where things come from isn't exclusive to food or fashion. Why shouldn't consumers know whether or not the rubber in their rubbers has come from a plantation that's chopped down native jungles, or that's paid its workers less than the living wage to produce it? Exploitation and a bad ethical footprint are hardly the stuff of hard-ons.
This article was amended on 24 March 2015 to make changes to the description of the Einhorn company.
The sustainable living hub is funded by Unilever. All content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled brought to you by. Find out more here.
Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts. Become a GSB member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox.
My, there has been quite a build up to this camera, eh? For those paying attention, the mythical full frame Pentax DSLR has been a whisper on the ear for more than a year. Personally, I had been itching to lay hands on this new Pentax hardware since my out-of-body experience with the best camera I've ever used, the 645z. The wait is over, as today Pentax announced the full frame K-1 DSLR featuring an AA-filterless CMOS sensor with 36.4 megapixels and 14-bit raw in both Pentax raw format and DNG. I had a very limited time with this bad boy on the streets of San Francisco, but I do have a lot of information to share as well as a few sample photos.
Pentax could have gone for higher megapixels with this sensor, but opted to stick roll with approximately 36.4 effective megapixels because they preferred the quality of images they were achieving over going something higher. As such, the sensor features an AA (anti-aliasing) filterless design that prioritizes image resolution. It is coupled with the new PRIME IV imaging engine, capable of 14-bit RAW-format image recording. The sensor can also shoot up to ISO 204800, so low light is not a problem.
The K-1 features a new-generation SR II five-axis stabilization system, an in-body mechanism that dramatically reduces camera shake. The SR II (Shake Reduction II) five-axis mechanism enables accurate control of the large full-frame image sensor with all compatible PENTAX interchangeable lenses. In addition to camera shake caused by pitch and yaw, it effectively compensates for camera shake caused by horizontal and vertical shift, as well as camera shake caused by roll, which is difficult to deal with by lens-installed shake reduction mechanisms. Even when taking a panning shot, this system automatically detects the direction of the camera's movement, and efficiently controls the SR unit to always produce the best image possible. Based on the images I shot while wandering the Embarcadero in San Francisco, I was expecting many of them to be out of focus due to the nature of how I was shooting. I was wrong. Every shot I fired is crisp and sharp, which says a lot about the stabilization here.
A particularly interesting new feature of this camera is what Pentax is calling the “Pixel Shift Resolution System,” which uses the latest super-resolution technology and captures four images of the same scene by shifting the image sensor by a single pixel for each image and then synthesizing them into a single composite image. Compared to the conventional Bayer system, in which each pixel has only a single color data unit, this innovative system obtains all color data in each pixel.
Their new AA filter simulator minimizes moiré by applying microscopic vibrations to the image sensor. The K-1's AA (anti-aliasing) filter simulator provides the same level of moiré reduction as an optical AA filter without the issues caused by traditional AA filters.
Astrophotographers are going to like this one: the K-1 is capable of adjusting its sensor's position during shooting, which means it not only can be used to level out a frame when a tripod isn't cutting it, but more importantly it can track stars using GPS and star maps to allow for longer exposures without star trails. I can't wait to test out this feature, and Pentax is going to provide a time and place to do so in the near future, so hold tight for that.
This is not what I could classify as a “light” camera body, but you get a heck of a lot because of it. It's tough, built of magnesium alloy with the inclusion of 87 sealing parts in the body. The K-1 also boasts a dustproof, weather-resistant and cold-resistant construction. You can take this camera and shoot with it virtually anywhere without fear of destroying it.
Perhaps you noticed this crazy new design for a rear LCD:
The K-1 features a newly designed, flexible tilt-type LCD monitor, which tilts horizontally, vertically or diagonally with a single action, without deviating from the lens's optical axis. 35 degrees of horizontal and 44 degrees of vertical adjustment can be achieved, the LCD panel can even be layed flat up or down. The guys at Pentax have been calling it the “Lunar Lander” LCD, and I dig that. Additionally, the 3.2-inch LCD monitor features a tempered-glass front panel for added durability and a unique air-gapless construction effectively reduces reflection, and a new Outdoor View Setting mode allows the user to instantly choose the desired monitor brightness level.
Moving on to the autofocus engine, the K-1 comes loaded with the newly-developed SAFOX 12 autofocus engine and features 33 points (25 cross-type sensors positioned in the middle). The center sensor and the two sensors located just above and below it are designed to detect the light flux of an F2.8 lens, making it easy to obtain pinpoint focus on a subject when using a large-aperture lens.
Additionally, the K-1's optical viewfinder provides a nearly 100% field of view and an approximately 0.7-times magnification. A Natural Bright Matt III focusing screen allows ease of focusingand a true-to-life rendition of defocused areas in the viewfinder image.
Generally we avoid the “green” setting, or “P,” but Pentax has put a lot of effort into their AUTO exposure mode. The K-1's advanced PENTAX Real-Time Scene Analysis System performs near instant analysis of exposure, color, movement and other factors. Combining with a breakthrough artificial intelligence technology called deep learning, the K-1 instantly optimizes settings for even the most difficult shooting situations.
The K-1 can shoot at a relatively high-speed, using both a larger mirror and the PRIME IV imaging engine to let you continuously record as many as 23 images in the RAW format (or a maximum of 70 images in the JPEG Best format) in a single sequence, at a top speed of approximately 4.4 images per second.
Some other cool functions:
Operation assist light function, which provides LED lights above the lens mount, behind the LCD monitor, at the memory car slot, and at the cable switch terminal to facilitate fast and easy operation in poorly lit settings.
Key lock function, which prevents erroneous operation of the four-way controller and other exposure-related control buttons.
Smart Function, which allows the user to swiftly choose and set desired functions using just the function dial and the set dial on the camera's upper panel, without referring to the menu screen on the LCD monitor.
Control panel customize function, allowing the user to change aspects of the on-screen menu.
Other cool stuff:
WiFi operation allowing camera control and image transfer to tablet or smartphone via the free ImageSync app
Full HD movie recording at 1920 x 1080 pixels in the H.264 recording format
Built-in GPS module and electronic compass
High-grade DRII (Dust Removal II) mechanism for effective elimination of dust on the image sensor using ultrasonic vibration
Crop mode with a choice of image area from AUTO, FF (Full Frame) and APS-C, to accommodate different types of lenses
Clarity control and Skin Tone correction functions, a pair of the latest image processing technologies developed by RICOH Central Laboratory
HDR (High Dynamic Range) shooting mode with RAW-format data filing, usable in handheld shooting
The PENTAX-invented hyper operating system for quick, accurate response to the photographer's creative intentions
Dual SD card slots for memory card flexibility (compatible with SDXC UHS-1 speed class in SDR104 buss speed mode)
Compensation of various parameters: lens distortion, lateral chromatic aberration, diffraction, and brightness level at image-field edges. Fringe effect compensation is also available in RAW-format processing.
Compatibility with PENTAX Image Transmitter 2 tethering software (Software update required from RICOH IMAGING official website)
Digital Camera Utility 5 software (the latest version) included
You'll notice that not a lot was said about the video recording capabilities, and that's because though it does have some, the K-1 is not a video camera. This is a still shooter's camera, and that's totally ok. Standard HD with 24p and 30p options is what you get here, but if you plan to shoot a lot of video, the K-1 might not be the best camera for the job. But stills? Yeah, this thing is designed for those.
So how does it shoot?
If you've ever played with the Pentax 645z, the Pentax K-1 will feel extremely familiar. The menu system, handling, weight and even the grip all feel pretty familiar (though the grip is not the same, it does feel like it is carrying the “heritage” of what we loved in the 645z). Some takeaways:
The autofocus is really reliable. I never felt like I was having to hunt for what I wanted it to focus on, and it did a good job of getting there fast. I think what is most impressive is something I already mentioned: the image stabilizer. I shot quickly and often from the hip, and looking back at the images I shot that morning, almost nothing is out of focus. I played with the sensor shift functionality to level out the plane. Though it's cool and easy to use, often it's going to be much simpler to level out the shot using the tripod. What I am very excited for is using that sensor shifting to follow stars, because there is absolutely no other camera that can currently do that. Highlight recovery is ok. I was hoping for a bit better in that department. Shadows though? Pretty great. The layout of the buttons and dials on the K-1 just makes sense. In fact, where we usually find an exposure compensation dial, Pentax has opted to place a multi-function dial that is the best use of that space I've seen yet. It is a much more versatile use of space and makes the camera feel more custom to what you want it to do. And yes, if you still want it to be exposure compensation, you can still set it for that. Though you can shoot in Pentax RAW, even Pentax suggests that we shoot in DNG instead. I'm not one to argue. There are some nice touches on this camera that speak to actual photographic use. The multiple LEDs that light up specific spots on the camera, the placement of the button that releases the lens (it's placed so you can replace lenses with one hand), the asupervisorstioned dials and sensor shifting tech, and the “little things” like providing a place to store extra memory cards in the base of the battery grip are all things that photographers would think of, and finally a camera company actually implemented stuff that feels like they asked actual photographers for their input. Though they just announced two more, the lens lineup for the Pentax Full Frame body is pretty limited at (including the new lenses) 12 total.
They aren't the best, due to my short time with the camera, but here are some samples at full resolution to gander at. Right click and open in new tab to get them at maximum resolution.
The Pentax K-1 is slated to hit store shelves in April with an estimated price point of $1799.95. We will have a lot more on the K-1 as we spend more time with it and as we get closer to its release, and should have more to share in March specifically. For now, this camera is looking mighty impressive and should put Pentax back into the main conversation for a reliable pro camera.
PHILADELPHIA — Vice President Joe Biden, making a brief visit on Tuesday to the floor of the Democratic National Convention, put their best spin on the divisions on display, going so far to argue there isn't “any fracture in the party.”
“I do not think there's any fracture in the party,” Biden told a gaggle of reporters, who asked them about the protests from supporters of Bernie Sanders. “I wish we could put something on every Sanders delegate walking into a booth. If we were able to find out, I'd bet you everything I have that hardly anyone is going to pull the lever for Trump. Come on man. Are you kidding me?”
Biden's comments come as Sanders supporters have booed the mention of Hillary Clinton's name during speeches and DNC chairperson Debbie Wasserman Schultz has resigned over emails indicating the national party favored Clinton over Sanders.
The vice president suggested that Sanders supporters just want to blow off some steam before ultimately getting behind Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee. “The senator's delegates worked their tail off. And they're here in large numbers. Give ‘em a chance, man. Give 'em a chance. I promise you they're going to be fine.”
“You know they're going to show up,” Biden said when asked if they think Sanders supporters will go to the polls.
“They worked really hard,” Biden said. “They did more to change the attitude in the party than anything that has happened in a long long time. It's all for the better.”
Asked about the Wikileaks email dump of emails of Democratic National Committee staffers, Biden said: “Like one of Bernie's major supporters said last night; they didn't lose or they didn't win because of any email. Come on man. At the end of the day is… Bernie and their supporters did more to change the party than the party did to change him.”
Asked about Trump's bump in the polls, Biden said: “I think this really, really early. And I had a grandfather from Scranton…He'd say, ‘Joe, people don't vote until after the World Series.' I think they focus right about the beginning of October.”
Before walking away from reporters to talk to some supporters on the floor, Biden cracked: “Anybody wants to take a bet on this election? I'm not allowed to bet as a vice president.”
Follow Alex on Twitter
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
Hey,
I hope everyone is doing well and enjoying either a game that they are making or one that they are playing! I have been thinking about what to write about, what deep design philosophies can I share with my fellow devs? So many wise thoughts and the one I landed on is
“Where is the Toilet?”
Now you may be thinking “What the F*** does this have to with Level Design” and I am glad you asked, even though I did not like your sass there. When I ask this question I am asking about the research you have done before building this level and also where is the toilet in your level.
(The ‘where is the toilet part' may not apply to all games or levels)
In case you hadn't guessed this post is going to be about Level Designers needing to do more research before starting work on their levels. I know this sounds like an obvious part of level design but I see a lot of young level designers go in and making the level instantly without much thought. I too was guilty of this when I was younger as well.
Now when creating anything, the blank screen can be the most intimidating thing ever! We have all been there staring at the screen thinking, “where to begin?” well the answer should always and I mean always…….. No backchat here sonny Jim.
Research!
So what research am I referring to for level design then? First think of the theme of your level, such as Victorian, utility, native, and also the location of your level as well. A house out in the mountains of Alaska will be designed differently to a house in London's city centre. Gather as many reference pictures as possible for your research.
One of my leads (Daniel Molnar, great guy and very intelligent level designer) said to me,
“Only when you have 100 pictures, do you start to understand the space”
And true to their word they would not let me touch the editor until I had enough pictures, an understanding of the space and how it worked. Thanks to Dan I made a great sewer level and now know the stages of the sewage processing system. So ever since that I ALWAYS try to make sure I make time to do my research, sadly I do not always get as long as I want but I do make sure I have enough pictures to help me create a picture in my head.
Now that you understand the location of your level and the theme you want to start looking into the architecture of these buildings and areas. As level designers, we should be looking at architecture regularly. (A cool article on what it was like for architects to work on video games http://www.gamasutra.com/blogs/DeannaVanBuren/20151012/254238/Architecture_in_Video_Games_Designing_for_Impact.php ). Look around the room you are sat in now, and see how many indents, angled corners and other shapes there are which make your room Not a box. Once you start to research these things you will start to pick this stuff up.
One thing which is noticeable with inexperienced LDs work is all the rooms are boxes.
Architecture is where we see a lot of real level design work every day. How their structures of these buildings affects how we move through them, the layout of rooms, what rooms they have in these buildings, space certain rooms may need and how the flow from one room to another works.
One of my favourite things to research is floor plans of buildings.
Each of these layouts will be different depending on the theme and will obtain different items as well due to the theme. These will not only help influence your design but also help your artist (or artistic side depending on how you are working) understand how to decorate your level and may possibly help you guys come up with interesting methods to signpost.
Another reason is you never know what you might see, which could inspire your design and provide you with something even more incredible.
Now for example look at this power plant, which in my opinion is super cool, this top catwalk is interesting as instead of the bridges connected maybe the player has to rotate them from the ground floor to get them to join. With all these layers and sections, it looks like a great area for traversal. Being able to go up, around and under this area is amazing.
When it comes to white boxing your level you will be able to show these images to your artist and they will be able to understand what you mean by those giant boxes. “Pictures speak a thousand words”.
If you were to put a twist on this power plant and to make it feel like a maze, then now you want to start researching what? Mazes! 10 gold stars (Sounded way more patronising than I meant it to be).
So now we can see that there dead ends but also viewpoints to allow players to find their bearings. When designing this level we can add vantage points for players to scan the area for clues, maybe even have loot/collectables in certain dead ends to reduce player frustration and reward exploration.
Summary on why research/reference is important:
Give you a better understanding of what is believable in this theme.
Provide an idea for your artist on what you want.
Inspire your design choices
Where is the toilet?
Now onto the second part of the blog (I swear readers are going to get sick of that question) of where is the toilet?
Dan had now let me work in the editor it now came time for their reviews on my work, and what was the question they asked me for each of my levels! Yeah you know what it is, now we're working together on Tom Clancy's The Division – Underground which in case you do not know is a procedurally generated dungeon expansion in which players travel through the underground areas of New York, from the subway system to the sewers to clear out the threat brewing underneath the civilians feet.
Overall the review was going well, the flow was good, it had good landmarks for players to orientate themselves in case they were lost. But Dan felt some of these areas were not believable because there were no toilets. Because the Division is based on reality I had skipped one thought process when doing my research and that was
“How would these spaces of been used before chaos struck?”
Boom mind blown, I had created these thrilling and high octane areas but not grounded them in reality or the law of my game's world. Dan then showed me one of the Senior LDs work who was working on a subway level and what did they have….toilets. Their space felt not only good to play through but also was grounded by reality.
Some playthroughs of the expansion
These critics' could have been avoided had I done my research on these areas I was making and thought about how they are originally used and not just how I would use them for good combat or traversal. If you go back and look at those pictures of the floor plans I have in this blog. You will see how all of them have bathrooms laid out on them. The floor plans are mainly residential or commercial buildings so they will.
When making your level, (again will not apply to every game or level) think about how was this spaced use before the player reached it and more than likely how did the people inhabiting this space use it? Because if they are bipedal human-like creatures I think we all know that they will need to use the bathroom at some point or another.
Next time you are in a realistic gaming setting, try and find the bathroom, as it will most likely be there.
Hope this helps guys and “Where is the bathroom?” is a question I keep asking myself when creating my levels as well as researching the buildings, themes, environments etc, for my game. I hope it makes you think about carrying out your research before starting work on your level. Which trust me will make your level much better and more believable.
Thanks guys
If you feel there is a topic or area that helps you when creating levels then please contact me and share your thoughts and opinions.
@maxpears
Can You Really Roll Those Aches And Knots Away?
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
When my husband has a particularly tough workout (or workday), they come home and says, "I have to roll."
He's talking about using a foam roller on body parts including the hips, quads and calves, using their own body weight to supply the force. You've probably seen people rolling in your gym; some facilities even offer classes. The rollers are available in various sizes and can cost as little as $10 — more for fancier ones with grooves intended for more targeted pressure.
But do rollers actually work?
According to a review of research published in the spring, yes — but there are still plenty of questions about exactly what they can do and how to best use them.
The rollers — and related tools like plastic handheld roller massagers — are meant to mimic some of the effects of massage therapy by targeting tight, stiff muscles, says Thomas Best, a sports medicine physician and professor at Ohio State University and author of the review. They and their coauthor identified nine randomized controlled studies that used foam or handheld rollers for self-massage.
Their review of those studies found that using the devices can help increase range of motion and promote quicker recovery after a bout of exercise. What is less certain is whether they can also improve direct measures of performance such as power and speed, says Best.
Another big question, they say: "What's the optimal use of this?" In other words, when should you roll, for how long, and with how much force, to get the best results? It's hard to glean answers from the published studies, which use different methods, target different muscles and measure different things.
For example, one recent study not included in the review looked at the effects of using a special deep tissue roller on NCAA Division I linebackers; it's not clear whether weekend warriors could gain the same hip flexibility as the elites did.
While the rollers can never replace a skilled massage therapist, they can maintain the benefits of massage and provide some interim relief to exercisers, according to Kyle Stull, a master instructor with the National Academy of Sports Medicine and also a senior master trainer and education manager with TriggerPoint Performance of Durham, N.C., one manufacturer of foam rollers and other therapeutic products.
To best mimic a massage, Stull suggests doing a slow roll across a muscle — about an inch per second — until you find a tender spot. Hold it for 20 to 30 seconds until some of the tension abates. And then they suggest doing some movement to activate the area you just worked on, like knee bends after rolling a quad muscle or ankle rolls after working on a calf muscle. In their experience, rolling daily — once before a workout and then again afterward — is best.
But Stull has a few caveats. Runners and cyclists sometimes get pain in their knee due to a tight iliotibial band, the band of tissue that runs along the outside of the thigh between the pelvis and the tibia. "If you have to roll your IT band before and after every run, you're using it as a Band-Aid," says Stull. With that sort of chronic pain or irritation, it's important to investigate the root causes with a physical therapist or other exercise pro.
They also say certain areas are best left unrolled. Pain in the lower back is likely to be caused by tight muscles elsewhere, so rolling the back directly isn't going to do much to address the problem, they say. (He also worries about hurting a kidney or liver if you roll too aggressively.) Tight hamstrings are likely better treated by rolling the quads, they say. And neck pain may be more effectively treated by rolling muscles in the chest, upper back and lats, they say. People with osteoporosis or arthritis should also consult a physician before starting a foam rolling program to find out if there are any areas to avoid.
And how much is this supposed to hurt? "A little bit of discomfort is good," they say. "Excruciating pain, not so good."
Katherine Hobson is a freelance health and science writer based in Brooklyn, N.Y. She's on Twitter: @katherinehobson
So I figured I got doomed on my pet exchange.. I hadn't seen the UPS guy in weeks.. Then this afternoon, as I was hurrying off to see a friend, I tripped over two boxes sitting on my front porch. I grabbed them and headed back inside... What could it be?? Marley, who always hangs around the kitchen table was interested as well. I tore open the boxes and spied with my little eye PET STUFF.. I was in a rush so I stuffed it all back and put it on a shelf and took off to go meet that friend.
When I returned later in the day I came home to the box in a different location.. Also, a half torn into cat toy lay on the floor.. Those rascals had managed to get up on the shelf and knock the box off and steal some goodies..
Maxwell, my 9 month old and 90 lb Newfoundland, wanted in on the toy fest… they have a love of ripping up everything that is either paper, cardboard or plastic--so no matter what-- this was going to be a good day for the goofy newfie..But to their amazement out came a giant alligator stuffy with 16 different squeaks in it.. They snatched it from my hands and suddenly the house filled with a million squeaks going off at the same time..
Felix and Ziggy joined in the unboxing.. Ziggy made off with the green worm cat toy and hugged it and squeezed it and loved it and I think they may have called them George.. While Felix stared at the hexy-ball looking thing which made mouse noises… The noises caught Maxwell's attention and the next thing I know I'm spending 5 minutes negotiating with them to let go of the cat toy.. Silly Newf, if it fits in your mouth, it doesn't always belong to you…
But that wasn't all that was in the box… See, I had told my Secret Santa that Maxwell's favorite thing to do was unravel anything knitted. In their short nine months, he's unraveled a few blankets, a couple of sweaters, the sleeve of my jacket and a few other things. We consider it their hobby. What's this?? In the box they put in a knitted scarf for Maxwell's very own. They gazed on it as if they finally found the holy grail of Newf toys.
Finally, after much playing and rolling around on the floor, Ziggy jumped in the box and found one last thing. Look, a present for me!! My secret Santa got me a wine stopper with the spitting image of Maxwell on top!!! Epic!! I can't wait to rotate it into my wine collection!!!
Thank you so much Nykolle for making this Pet Exchange super fantastic.. Also, thank you for tuckering out Maxwell and Ziggy, Marley and Felix tonight.. Mom is going to enjoy a nice bottle of wine in silence while the furry kids sleep off their toy hangover..
For the philosophical term for opportunity, see Kairos
In Greek mythology, Caerus (Greek: Καιρός, Kairos, the same as kairos) was the personification of opportunity, luck and favorable moments. They were shown with only one lock of hair. Their Roman equivalent was Occasio or Tempus. Caerus was the youngest child of Zeus. Caerus and Fortuna became lovers after Caerus neglected to overthrow their father as everyone thought they would.
Caerus is the due measure that achieves the aim. This god brings about what is convenient, fit, and comes in the right moment. Sometimes it could be the critical or dangerous moment, but more often Caerus represents the advantageous, or favorable occasion. Hence, what is opportune, or "Opportunity." In the Hellenistic age (as P. Chantraine informs us), the term was also used as "time" or "season" (the good time, or good season).
According to Pausanias, there was an altar of Caerus close to the entrance to the stadium at Olympia, for Opportunity is regarded as a divinity and not as a mere allegory. This indefatigable traveler also tells us that Caerus was regarded as the youngest child of Zeus in a hymn by Ion of Chios (ca. 490-425 BC).
Appearance [ edit ]
Caerus is represented as a young and beautiful god. Opportunity obviously never gets old, and beauty is always opportune, flourishing in its own season. Caerus stands on tiptoe because they are always running, and like Hermes, they have wings in their feet to fly with the wind. They hold a razor, or else scales balanced on a sharp edge—attributes illustrating the fleeting instant in which occasions appear and disappear. Caerus is sometimes considered a daimon spirit rather than a god due to their aggressive nature towards humans. They sought to drink their blood, killing many to do so.[citation needed]
A. Fairbanks (translator of Callistratus) suggests that the type of the statue of Opportunity was developed out of the form of the Hermes that granted victory in athletic contests. And if someone were to think of other resemblances between Opportunity and Hermes, they might also ask the proverbial question: "Who makes the thief?" For just as Hermes has been taken to be the protector of thieves, Opportunity has been called their maker. And persuaded that Caerus has a bad influence in the matter of thefts, humans spent huge resources and efforts in perfecting locks and keys and passwords and every kind of safety measures, with the help of which they hope to outwit Opportunity. But as they lock some doors they inevitably leave others open. And as expected, the god goes on flying as swiftly as ever, providing amazing surprises to everyone, and making not only thieves but also lovers. In addition, they produce every kind of such humans as are nicknamed "opportunists" on account of their ability to quickly seize whatever advantage the great seducer Caerus appears to offer them.
On the other hand, a man of sober judgment usually thinks that things such as "opportunity" are not entities, or powers, let alone divinities, but the produce of diligent men. And being such their nature (he reasons), they could be arranged or put under control. That is also what Francis Bacon appears to tell us when they write: "A man must make their opportunity, as oft as find it".[1]
Caerus can easily be seized by the hair hanging over their face ("creeping down over the eyebrows") when they are arriving. But once they have passed by, no one can grasp him, the back of their head being bald. The moment of action is gone with their hair: a neglected occasion cannot be recovered. The author of Ekphráseis (Descriptions) found that the statue of Caerus at Sicyon resembled Dionysus, with their forehead glistening with graces and a delicate blush on their cheeks: "... though it was bronze, it blushed; and though it was hard by nature, it melted into softness". And like the statue is Opportunity himself, they melt into softness if caught by the forelock, but once they have raced by, they assume their hard nature and seldom grants a second chance.
Representations [ edit ]
According to ancient Greeks, Kairos was the god of the "fleeting moment"; "a favorable opportunity opposing the fate of man". Such a moment must be grasped (by the tuft of hair on the personified forehead of the fleeting opportunity); otherwise the moment is gone and can not be re-captured (personified by the back of head being bald).
A bronze statue of Kairos is known in literature, made by the famous Greek sculptor Lysippos. It stood at their home, in the Agora of Hellenistic Sikyon. The following epigram by Poseidippos was carved on the statue:
"Who and whence was the sculptor? From Sikyon.
And their name? Lysippos.
And who are you? Time who subdues all things.
Why do you stand on tip-toe? I am ever running.
And why you have a pair of wings on your feet? I fly with the wind.
And why do you hold a razor in your right hand? As a sign to men that I am sharper than any sharp edge.
And why does your hair hang over your face? For them who meets me to take me by the forelock.
And why, in Heaven's name, is the back of your head bald? Because none whom I have once raced by on my winged feet will now, though they wish it sore, take hold of me from behind.
Why did the artist fashion you? For your sake, stranger, and they set me up in the porch as a lesson."
This statue was the original model for the various representations of Kairos made in ancient times and Middle Ages as well. John Tzetzes wrote about it, as well as Himerius. The image of hair hanging on the forehead and a bald back of the head. For instance Disticha Catonis II, 26 refer to the Latin concept of Occasio (a female word which can be considered as a literal translation of the Greek Kairos) in these terms: "Rem tibi quam scieris aptam dimittere noli: fronte capillata, post haec occasio calva", which means "Don't let that what you consider good for you escape by; chance has hair over their forehead, but behind she's bald". Phaedrus (V,8) has a similar writing and they themselves admit that the theme was not their own but more ancient. Callistratus (Descriptions, 6) has a long text describing the statue by Lysippos.
In Trogir (the ancient Roman Tragurium), Croatia, in the Convent of the Benedictine Nuns, was displayed a marble bas-relief of Kairos from the 3rd century B.C., as a young man, running. The bas-relief is now kept at the Municipal Museum of Trogir.
The theme of Kairos was felt as extremely important during the Middle Ages. Carmina Burana 16, a famous poem about Fortune, mentions Kairos in this way: "verum est quod legitur, fronte capillata, sed plerumque sequitur occasio calvata"; which means "As it is read, it is true that that a forehead may have hair, but it is usually followed by the arrival of baldness". Several representations of Kairos survive; a relief (about AD 160) is kept at the Museum of Antiquities of Turin (Italy); another relief was kept (now lost) at Palazzo Medici in Florence; an onyx gem (originally from the collection of the Duc de Blacas, 1st-2nd century AD) with an incision of the god Tempus with attributes of Kairos is kept now at the British Museum; a marble relief showing Kairos, Bios (the Life), and Metanoia (Afterthought, the female Latin Paenitentia) is in the cathedral of Torcello (11th century); a monochrome fresco by Mantegna at Palazzo Ducale in Mantua (about 1510) shows a female Kairos (most probably Occasio) with a young man trying to catch them and a woman representing Paenitentia.
Notes [ edit ]
^ Advancement of learning II.xxiii.3
VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear agency said on Tuesday Iran must address concerns about its suspected atom bomb research, one day after Tehran alleged that “terrorists” had infiltrated the organization to sabotage the Islamic Republic's uranium enrichment plants.
International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director General Yukiya Amano (L) and Iran's Head of Atomic Energy Organization Fereydoon Abbasi-Davani pose for photographers during the 56th IAEA General Conference at the UN headquarters in Vienna September 17, 2012. REUTERS/Herwig Prammer
Britain added to the pressure on Iran before talks later on Tuesday between the European Union's foreign policy chief and Iran's nuclear negotiator, saying Western nations would step up sanctions against Tehran if negotiations failed.
Israel has issued more threats to attack Iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons, injecting new urgency to stalled efforts to resolve the long-running nuclear dispute with Iran by diplomatic means.
Iran says its nuclear program is peaceful but its refusal to curb work which can be used to build atom bombs has drawn increasingly tough Western sanctions limiting its oil exports.
“We will be intensifying those sanctions in the coming weeks and months in the absence of successful negotiations,” British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in London.
But they also made clear the West's opposition to Israeli strikes on Iran, which many analysts say could cause a wider Middle East conflict and hurt an already fragile world economy.
Britain's advice to Israel “has been very clear, that in these circumstances...we are not in favor of a military strike on Iran,” Hague told a parliamentary committee.
Israel is believed to have the Middle East's only nuclear arsenal, although it refuses to disclose any capability, while Iran's eastern neighbor, U.S.-allied Pakistan, is also nuclear-armed.
Israel sees Iran's atomic ambitions as a mortal threat and says sanctions are failing to make Tehran change course. The United States says diplomatic pressure can still work.
In a new test of that belief, European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton was due to meet Iranian nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili in Istanbul on Tuesday evening.
Ashton is leading negotiations with Iran on behalf of six world powers - including the United States, Russia and China as well as three EU heavyweights - which have made little headway since they resumed in April.
Separate efforts by the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to unblock its investigation into possible military dimensions to Iran's nuclear program also appear deadlocked despite a series of meetings since January.
“TERRORISTS AND SABOTEURS”
IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano told Iranian nuclear energy chief Fereydoun Abbasi-Davani that it was essential for Iran to cooperate with their inspectors to help allay their concerns.
They met on Monday just hours after Abbasi-Davani sharply criticized the U.N. body in a speech to its 155-nation annual assembly in Vienna.
Amano told Abbasi-Davani the IAEA “is committed to continued dialogue...and expressed the readiness of agency negotiators to meet with Iran's in the near future”, a statement said.
Western diplomats said they expected the next IAEA-Iran meeting to be held in October but the venue is still unclear.
In a sign of the depth of mistrust between Iran and the IAEA, Abbasi-Davani accused the U.N. agency of a “cynical approach” and mismanagement in their speech on Monday.
They said power lines to Iran's Fordow underground enrichment site were blown up a month ago and that an IAEA inspector had asked for a visit to the site a day later.
“Terrorists and saboteurs might have intruded” into the agency, they said.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Abbasi-Davani did not say who they believed was behind the sabotage. Iran has often accused Israel and its Western foes of trying to damage its nuclear work.
Western diplomats dismissed the Iranian allegations against the IAEA as an attempt to divert attention from Tehran's stonewalling of the agency's inquiry.
“Iran's accusations against the IAEA are a new low. Increasingly cornered, they are lashing out wildly,” said nuclear proliferation expert Mark Fitzpatrick of the International Institute for Strategic Studies think-tank.
Coordinates: [1]
"Ice rafts" in Conamara Chaos
Enhanced-color regional view of Conamara Chaos, showing its location south of the intersection of two large "tripleband" lineae . White areas are ejecta rays from the large (26-km diameter) crater Pwyll 1000 km to the south
Conamara Chaos is a region of chaotic terrain on Jupiter's moon Europa. It is named after Connemara (Irish: Conamara) in Ireland due to its similarly rugged landscape.[2]
Conamara Chaos is a landscape produced by the disruption of the icy crust of Europa. The region consists of rafts of ice that have moved around and rotated. Surrounding these plates is a lower matrix of jumbled ice blocks which may have been formed as water, slush, or warm ice rose up from below the surface. The region is cited as evidence for a liquid ocean below Europa's icy surface.
References [ edit ]
The peer-to-peer network will launch a new browser be based on the Tor network to allow users to bypass censored websites
Peer-to-peer network Pirate Bay has been forced to change its domain name for the sixth time this year after being shut down by the authorities in multiple countries.
The file-sharing service actively campaigns against copyright law and provides links to illegally copied films, music and games, making it the subject of determined lawsuits for copyright infringement.
An injunction in April 2012 forced UK ISPs to block access to the site, and other countries have followed suit. It was barred from operating at a .sx domain hosted in the Caribbean island of Sint Maarten, as well as domains from Sweden, Iceland and Greenland. It is now being hosted under the peruvian domain piratebay.pe.
The Pirate Bay team is developing a browser that will enable users to store and share files without requiring a central hosting, eliminating the need for a domain name.
One source told told TorrentFreak that while it was "irritating" for users that their domain is constantly changing , the problem will be resolved once the site's new browser is launched. PirateBrowser will not only make domains "irrelevant" but will protect itself from future legal persecution.
A source said: "They should wait for our new PirateBrowser, then domains will be irrelevant.
“Once that is available then all links and sites will be accessible through a perfectly legal piece of browser software and the rest of it will be P2P, with no central point to attack via the legal system.”
"By their actions they finally brought on the next generation of decentralized services."
It is understood that the PirateBrowser will use the Tor network as a way of allowing their users to access websites that are currently censored. It will appear as a standalone browser but users will also be able to install plugins in Firefox and Chrome.
The new BitTorrent-powered browser will also remove the requirement of a public-facing website and sites will instead take on a decentralised form.
The Pirate Bay has found itself under multiple legal battles in the past, with their hardware also having been confiscated but last November they announced that they moved all of their data to the cloud.
The co-founder of Pirate Bay, Peter Sunde, also plans on releasing an encypted messaging app for Android and Apple devices.
• Not entirely clued up on the Tor network? Here's our handy guide
Yesterday the Scottish parliament made history by passing legislation allowing 16- and 17-year-olds to vote in next year's independence referendum. Holyrood should be proud of its role in extending the franchise: young people desperately need to be brought into our democratic structures as early as possible. But the move also exposes the absurdity of granting people a vote in such an important referendum, but denying them the right to elect their own representatives. It is time for all the political parties – in Westminster as well as the devolved governments – to get behind votes at 16.
Political disengagement is an ever-intensifying problem and especially so for young people. Only 12% of those aged 18 to 24 now say they are likely to vote, down from an already depressing 30% just two years ago. This early disaffection directly affects the likelihood of people to vote later in life. The American researcher Eric Plutzer describes voting as a "gradually acquired habit". If you do it early, you will do it often.
But if you start off on the wrong foot you are more likely to fall into the habit of non-voting. The 16- and 17-year-olds voting in next year's Scottish referendum are being given a helping hand on the road to a lifetime of good citizenship. It is crazy to deny this help to other young people around the UK.
Voting ought to form a crucial part of a young person's education. By the age of 16, thanks to citizenship education, young people have learnt about how our democracy works and why it is so important to vote. Yet they are not allowed to exercise their most basic civic right for another two years, creating a dangerous gap between education and practice. Next year's referendum will be the first test of what happens when young people are given the opportunity to put citizenship education into practice while it is still fresh in their memory. We should not be surprised if this cohort goes on to show higher levels of civic engagement in the future. The danger is that their contemporaries around Britain, and indeed subsequent generations of Scottish young people, fail to match them.
This is not about giving young people what they want. Among 15- to 19-year-olds, more than half prefer to maintain the status quo, with the most popular reason being that those under 18 lack life experience. Nor is it just about giving young people the rights that their responsibilities as taxpayers, soldiers and contributors to society warrant.
It is about seeding a respect for democracy at an early age, and encouraging people to get into the habit of voting. We should challenge the commonplace assumption that politics is an activity reserved for a narrow band of elites, and that voting is pointless. By enhancing civic education with the right for 16- and 17-year-olds to vote, we could do just that.
Yesterday's legislation in Holyrood is a landmark moment, but it is a one-off. Politicians around Britain should take this opportunity to build a lasting legacy by lowering the voting age for all elections.
At first glance, the ancient Babylonian tablets on exhibit for the first time at a Jerusalem museum look like nothing more than pockmarked lumps of clay.
But the 2,500-year-old treasures from present-day Iraq have become part of a thorny archaeological debate over how to handle historically significant relics thought to have been dug up in the fog of war by Mideast antiquities robbers.
Experts in cuneiform writing, one of the world's earliest scripts, say the collection of 110 cracker-sized clay tablets provides the earliest written evidence of the Biblical exile of the Judeans in what is now southern Iraq, offering new insight into a formative period of early Judaism.
Story continues below advertisement
The tablets, though, also tell a murkier story, from the present era, according to scholars familiar with the antiquities trade — a story of the chaos in Iraq and Syria that has led to rampant pilfering of rich archaeological heritage and a rush of cuneiform tablets on the international antiquities' market.
Leading U.S. museums have pledged not to exhibit unprovenanced artifacts that have surfaced in recent decades, as part of an effort over the last decade to discourage illicit antiquities trafficking. But cuneiform inscriptions have emerged as a notable exception, with some arguing these relics would be lost to history if they did not make it into scholarly hands.
"We are not interested in anything that is illegally acquired or sneaked out," said Amanda Weiss, director of the Bible Lands Museum Jerusalem, where the tablets are being displayed this month.
"But it is the role of a museum to protect these pieces," they added. "It's what we are here for."
The plundering of antiquities in the war-torn Middle East has become a primary concern for the archaeological community, and some archaeologists even compare satellite images of sites in Iraq and Syria to moonscapes, after antiquities robbers went through them.
Archaeologists claim the Islamic State extremists and militants from other groups are funding their activities in part through illegal trafficking of antiquities, and authorities worldwide have been taking action to try to stem the flow.
What first sparked awareness of the issue, archaeologists say, was a deluge of cuneiform artifacts on the Western antiquities markets after the first Gulf War in 1991.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In the years that followed, archaeologists estimate that hundreds of thousands of small clay tablets with cuneiform inscriptions made their way into the hands of dealers. Many contained incrustations, indicating they were "fresh out of the earth," said Robert Englund of the Cuneiform Digital Library Initiative.
An American scholar of ancient Jewish history familiar with the tablets on display in Jerusalem said they were purchased on the London antiquities market at the time when cuneiform artifacts were flooding the market, a strong indication that the items were looted. They spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss a potentially illegal activity.
London-based Israeli collector David Sofer, who loaned the cuneiform collection to the Bible Lands Museum, denied any foul play. They said they purchased the tablets in the United States in the 1990s from a person who obtained them in public auctions in the 1970s.
Sofer said a few tablets from the collection were displayed in a New York museum and a Los Angeles museum in 2013, and their import and export in the U.S. was properly reported to U.S. authorities. They would not name the two museums, or the person who sold them to him.
"These things would be lost, and wouldn't be recognized for what they are" if they hadn't bought them, Sofer said.
As common as cuneiform tablets are, few have been as celebrated as those on display in Jerusalem.
Story continues below advertisement
The tablets fill in a 130-year gap in the history of the Judeans exiled to Babylon after the Babylonian destruction of Jerusalem in the middle of the 5th century B.C., said Laurie Pearce, a cuneiform expert from the University of California, Berkeley.
The earliest of the tablets, which have dates inscribed on them, is from just 15 years after the destruction of the First Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, and the inscription suggests the displaced Judeans were more quickly absorbed into the Babylonian society than previously thought, said Pearce, who studied the collection.
The tablets include administrative documents such as land agreements, showing the Judeans were "integrated almost immediately," they added.
The Jerusalem museum says the tablets likely originate in today's southern Iraq, and reference common Judean names, including Netanyahu, the last name of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The topic of cuneiform artifacts still roils the archaeological community.
The American Schools of Oriental Research, an academic research association, bans scholars from publishing articles on artifacts illegally excavated or exported from their country of origin after 1970, when the U.N. adopted its policy against antiquities trafficking.
Story continues below advertisement
But in 2004, the association made an exception, allowing publications about cuneiform artifacts that have no record of how they were unearthed — under the condition that Iraqi antiquities authorities give their consent and that the artifacts are eventually returned to Iraq.
The exception was made because the esoteric wedge script writings are so valuable to historical study, said Eric Meyers of the association.
The policy is now again a point of contention in the field. Over the past year, scholars at the association have debated changing the policy again, with most experts leaning against publishing articles on cuneiform artifacts as these objects continue to hit the markets, Meyers said.
"It is a crisis in the region," they said.
Three men are due to appear before court in Limerick today in connection with a vicious 'crucifixion' style attack in which a man had their feet nailed to floor, writes Kathryn Hayes.
The victim, aged 53, was lured to a house on the south side of Limerick city on September 14 last year after receiving a phone call.
It is understood there was a gang waiting for them at the address where they were tied to a chair and their feet were nailed to the floor with a nail gun.
Three men, aged 32, 33 and 52 respectively, were arrested in connection with the violent attack under Section Four of the Criminal Justice Act.
All three were charged last night.
They were being held at Roxboro and Mayorstone Garda Stations and are due to appear before Limerick District Court at 10.30am today.
Contents show]
Welcome to the THE LARA-SU CHRONICLES Wiki Edit
This Wiki is about the Lara-Su Chronicles, the future magnum opus of "world-famous" comics scribe and dangerously insane person Ken "The Flim Flam" Penders, our führer, catalyst of the Pendercaust and the subsequent K-P Extinction, and leader of the great 2014 Pendering, that anyone should edit.
A Brief History of the LSC Wiki Edit
Since its foundation in 20XX by a team of E'c'h'y'd'i'n'a specialists, the LSC wiki has been dedicated to bringing you entirely true and honest facts about Ken "Chicken Tenders" Penders' future award-winning graphic novel and the magical, inventive, entirely non-Sonic-based world therein. In the decades since, LSC Wiki has given only the hardest facts, the most straight-faced knowledge, and the most in-depth coverage of America's favorite alien-animal-space-opera-soap-opera-drama-comedy-action series.
General Site Conduct Edit
The LSC Wiki is fashioned after the conduct of our sometimes-mustached object of adoration, and as such there are some general guidelines to keep in mind as one edits the wiki.
LSC offers only the most true and honest information. However, in the case that there is no information to offer, offering whatever information enters into one's mind is the most sensible and Pendersesque thing to do. Remember, if anyone knows what Ken "Lawsuit Pending" Penders is capable of, it's their fans.
Any reference to the tyrannical reign of SEGA, Archie, or Sonic the Hedgehog (with the exception of The Chosen One ) is to be replaced with a [DENIAL] so as not to sully the memory of the great Ken "The Master of Disaster" Penders with such painful things as "facts" or "logic."
Any attempt to revise articles under the assumption that they are "too sarcastic" is as insulting as it is inflammatory, and shall be revised to the previous version of the article in the name of not letting "The Man" bring down Ken "Big Sexy" Penders once again.  They are bursting at their jeans with creativity, but simply not enough to actually come up with new characters, so as to not alienate their potential fanbase.
Breaking LSC News Edit
(10/14/20XX) EXTREE: Ken "Daddy DILF" Penders has been sneaking previews of the Lara-Su Chronicles on the internet, but their utter and complete genius has failed them in this endeavor, because nobody is clever enough to locate such fiendishly hidden information.
(??/??/????) Ken "The Suck and Tuck" Penders has their own forum where people give them much helpful and necessary advice! http://www.kenpenders.com/forums/viewtopic.php?f=5&t=2467&start=25.
Apparently, someone got an internship from pointing out the flaws of Ken "Monkey Spunkey" Penders' characters. We can only hope that they too taste bitter defeat, like when Ken "Mr. Original" Penders laid the smack down onto [DENIAL].
(7/22/2013) Ken "Broken Innocence" Penders was in an interview: http://www.sonicstadium.org/2013/07/an-interview-with-ken-penders/ , they may or may not be ticked.
Link title==Stuff==
Media Edit
People Edit
Ken "Glock Choker" Penders Penders' "Logic" Penders' Relocated Characters Ken Pender's Fails
Karl "I Kinda Hate You" Bollers
Nigel "I Was Here First!" Kitching
Takahashi "Don't You Dare Blame Me for This Crap" Izuka
Ian "Just Following Crushing Corporate Mandates" Flynn
Scott "Finishing Bullet" Fullop
Bill "Meanwhile, Nobody Cares About Me Being an Attention Hog-Whore" Freiberger
Characters Edit
Groups Edit
Locations Edit
Events Edit
Latest activity Edit
Medical marijuana has a lot of benefits and is more easily produced.
Some of the benefits are that it can help or even prevent things i.e. glaucoma, epilepsy, cancer, anxiety, depression, obsession, insomnia, Alzheimer, chronic pain, schizophrenia, hepatitis C, inflammatory bowl disease, menopausal/period pain and arthritis.
There are more benefits of the drug, and different strains with higher and lower of different content of the plant i.e. THC, CBD.
What I want the United Kingdom to gain from this is the medical advantage of it. I would like marijuana to be medically legalised and for possession and use of the plant to be legal for someone who has a medical prescription from a doctor. I would like marijuana to be grown by a medical department and prescribed to people who medically require it, making a cheaper and better creation of needed medication.
Krakatoa volcano, located on an island in the Sunda Strait between Java and Sumatra in Indonesia, produced on August 26-27, 1883 the most massive volcanic explosions ever recorded, which generated the loudest sound historically reported: it was distinctly heard as far away as Perth in Australia (1930 mi (3100 km)) and the island of Rodrigues near Mauritius (3000 mi (4800 km)). Atmospheric shock waves reverberated around the world seven times and were detectable for five days. 36,417 people died mostly by the tsunamis which followed the explosion.
The eruption destroyed two thirds of the island of Krakatoa and eruptions of the volcano since 1927 have built a new island in the same location, called Anak Krakatau (child of Krakatoa). In the year following the eruption, average global temperatures dropped by as much as 1.2o C. Weather patterns continued to be chaotic for years and temperatures did not return to normal until 1888.
The 1883 eruption of Krakatoa had the power of 200 megatons of TNT, about 13000 times the yield of the Little Boy bomb which devastated Hiroshima. Concussive air waves from the explosions traveled seven times around the world, and the sky was darkened for days afterwards. Sea waves triggered by the eruption were recorded as far away as the English Channel. The island is still active, with its most recent eruptive episode having begun in 1994.
Now the fabled Anak Krakatoa could be preparing another mighty eruption, tossing smoke and rocks hundreds of meters into the sky. The black sand on the islet has heated so much that humans can barely step on it.
Of course, the weaker 985-ft (300-m) volcano cannot repeat the 1883 deed of its "daddy", still thousands of people have been evacuated from the Mount Kelud (Java island), facing Krakatoa.
On Thursday, villagers were allowed to return home, but the volcano can still produce a dangerous explosion. Indonesia is made of 17,000 islands and is the richest nation in terms of active volcanoes (70). 20 of them are located in Java, an island two thirds the size of Florida, but harboring over 50 % of the 235 million Indonesians. The lack of farm land and the rich volcanic soil make people live in the shadow of the danger.
"The volcanic ash will make my fields more fertile." said a farmer living on the slopes of Mount Kelud.
Anak Krakatau can be reached in two hours by motorboat from the northern coast of Java and when it started its eruption last week, a no-go zone of 2 mi (3 km) was created.
But Anak cannot be as dangerous as the initial Krakatoa, and it experiences smooth eruption every 7-8 years.
"Maybe in hundreds of years it will blow, but I will be long gone by then," said Cahya Patria, a researcher at the Center of Vulcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation monitoring Anak from a slope on Java.
In the syncretic Islam formed by most Indonesians, many pre-Islamic animist beliefs persist, and during full moon nights, worshipers throw in the volcano's crater offerings of rice, jewelry, or living animals to appease the volcanoes' spirits.
"The Javanese see nature as a friend because it gives them food and life. They trust it, they do not see it as a threat like volcanologists do," said Bagong Suyanto, a professor of rural sociology at the University of Surabaya.
DETROIT (AP) -- One person was killed and nine others wounded Saturday night when someone opened fire at a neighborhood block party on a basketball court in Detroit, police said.
Asst. Police Chief Steve Dolunt said a 20-year-old man was killed. They were not being identified while relatives were informed.
Another man was critically injured and eight others, five men and three women, were listed as seriously injured. The victims ranged in age from 21 to 46, they said.
Dolunt said the shooting happened at a neighborhood party that included a barbecue attended by families with some small children in strollers.
"Through the grace of God no children were shot," they said.
Authorities suspect the dead man was targeted by the shooter, although Dolunt said that was preliminary.
No other information was immediately availa
Toby Hemenway was born on April 23, 1952 and died on December 20, 2016.
They were an American author and educator.
Hemenway has written extensively on permaculture and ecological issues.
Hemenway was the author of Gaia's Garden: A Guide to Home-Scale Permaculture and The Permaculture City: Regenerative Design for Urban, Suburban, and Town Resilience.
Hemenway served as an adjunct professor at Portland State University, Scholar-in-Residence at Pacific University, and a field director at the Permaculture Institute (USA).
When they had obtained their degree in biology from Tufts University, Toby worked for many years as a researcher in genetics and immunology, first in academic laboratories including Harvard and the University of Washington in Seattle, and then at Immunex, a major medical biotech company.
Toby Hemenway passed away at 64 years old.
Source
So, last Saturday was the culmination of a month of organising and advertising. I had decided that I wanted to take out my first UNI “DragonSlayer” fleet, which for those who don't know is a fleet where the goal is to hunt and kill capital ships. It presents the opportunity for all of E-UNI to bring somewhat more expensive ships than on our usual roams, as well as giving out capital pilots a chance to dust of their Archons. In short, a massive show of force by as many UNI members as possible.
The first thing I learned from this roam is:
– Getting a 175-man fleet through a gate sucks ass.
Yes, we roamed for ~3.5 hours without seeing any action whatsoever. entirely understandable with a 175-man fleet consisting of well over 100 armour battleships, 20 dedicated logi and 10 neuting battleships including a Bhaalgorn which were supported by 7 caps Augorors (Think cap guardians but cheaper, marginally less tank but still provide the same cap).
Regardless, as we started to meander back to Aldrat, we were told that Fweddit were fighting someone at the sun in Egghelende in cruisers. Fweddit has extended me an invitation for a triage fight for quite a while and I had messaged one of their FCs that we'd be out and about so I decided to crash the party. Crash the party we did, resulting in 200 killmails for E-UNI.
You can see from the battle how the engagement went, by an large it was a turkey shoot while I did my best to keep everyone in range of the enem,y and in range of our reps. Until PL joined us via a Fweddit cyno, our reps held perfectly on those who actually broadcasted and stayed in range.
You may be wondering why we dropped any caps in the first place, as the inevitable inevitably inevitabilised when dropping caps anywhere ever and PL dropped 13 supers on us. Despite being the FC, I didn't actually know that the first capital was gong to drop when they did. They had very kindly organised all our cap support for this fleet and was looking after their logistics. Given this was my fourth fleet to ever feature capitals, and my first roaming fleet of this size I was quite happy to let them do so.
A second cap pilot spend a good while whilst I was trying to FC the fight complaining about boredom (who wouldn't after 4 hours of nothing, followed by a fight you aren't joining in on?) and not getting any killmails, so I decided to throw caution to the wind and drop them in. The third cap pilot had joined us halfway through the roam, and to be completely honest in that moment I forgot we had him, so while the second cap pilot willing threw themselves to the wolves, I do feel sorry for the third, as well as that sexy Navy Megathron being used as our primary cyno ship. I have boundless respect and admiration for Korr'Tanas and that's not a cheap ship.
In case you couldn't tell from the video, our backcyno had dced, meaning the 3 second window we had to jump our non-triaged capitals out could sadly not be seized. Yes, from now on I will be double and triple checking that my capital pilots have redundancy in their backcynos.
We got a fair bit of flak in the reddit post for either being incompetent for dropping capitals onto a cruiser fight, which would inevitably cause PL to drop us, or for being “butthurt” for losing caps. Redditor “SpaceMonkeyBalls” sums it up far better than I could:
“You dont seem to grasp the point here, most of the E-Uni losses can be put down as noob mistakes as can be expected by a bunch of noobs. The carrier was just there for comedy purpose as the 10 or so guardians/oneiros were holding rep fine. Besides the Carriers and cyno BS there were only 12 other losses worth mentioning. 2 BS and a few BCs. And success doesnt get measured by isk/loss ratio its more fun/loss and nobody here cares about loosing ships not even the carriers. What do you think we thought was going to happen after parking a carrier at Egg sun for 40 mins.
Also it seems that you have been successfully trolled by the vid”
Yes, we knew the Caps would likely get dropped by supers and were unnecessary, but it was bloody hilarious and everyone had massive fun. We weren't fighting for sovereignty for a system, we were fighting because fighting is awesome, especially in a such a fleet as we fielded on that day. I have no hard feelings against anyone who was involved in that engagement, including PL, as PL did what PL always do, and expecting anything else would be insane.
On the way home we managed to find a suspect Orca in a belt. I have no idea what they were doing there or why, but I'd be willing to bet the meager sum of ISK I have in my wallet that they were not expecting to be blapped in the way they are.
The fleet took some rather beautiful pictures of the fight, so I'm going to finish this post by linking my favorites.
Apoth ♥
Advertisements
Foreign instructors are training Syrian rebels in modern warfare in Jordan, suggest media reports from Europe. Sources claim the trainees will be the security force if Assad goes, while the combat skills they are being taught distort the picture.
In the past three months some 200 men have already received training in two camps in the east and the south of Jordan, Der Spiegel reports. The military training focuses on the use of anti-tank weaponry, the news magazine reported, citing what it said were participants and organizers. It adds that there are plans to provide training for a total of 1,200 fighters from the Free Syrian Army – the opposition force battling the regime of President Bashar Assad.
The report said that some of the Americans wore army uniforms, but it did not specify whether they worked for private firms or represented the US military.
Last October the Pentagon confirmed that a small group of US special forces and military advisers had spent the summer in Jordan training the country's military to act in case Syria used its chemical weapons. Reportedly, select groups of Syrian rebels were trained, too.
As Britain's The Guardian reported on Friday, the US is not alone in their efforts. UK and French instructors are also in Jordan training the Syria rebels.
Though the American, British and French Defense Ministries have not commented so far on the information about the FSA being trained in Jordan, this move does not contradict either the US plans for non-lethal directaid to Syrian opposition or British understanding of the EU arms embargo enforced on Syria.
"Such technical assistance can include assistance, advice and training on how to maintain security in areas no longer controlled by the regime, on co-ordination between civilian and military councils, on how to protect civilians and minimize the risks to them, and how to maintain security during a transition," the UK Foreign Minister William Hague told the British Parliament last Wednesday.
Der Spiegel's source in Brussels shared that the EU embargo on arms supplies to Syria adopted in early March is “deliberately hazy.”
"When it comes to technical assistance, what it means in practice depends on who you ask. The Brits and the French, for example, are much more forward-leaning than others. The principle is that the assistance should be for the protection of civilians, but as we saw in Libya, that can be interpreted in different ways,” the source said.
In Libya the Western interference in the country's affairs started with establishing a no-fly zone, ostensibly to protect the civilian population in a civil war, and ended with an allied military force helping the Libyan rebels storm the capital Tripoli to oust the country's strongman Colonel Muammar Gaddafi. The leader finally was brutally murdered by militia without legitimate criminal investigations and court decisions.
Today Libya exists as a territory with nominal central authority and uncontrollable violence regularly sparking between groups of armed rebels and local Bedouins.
Jordanian intelligence is also taking part in training the Syrian rebels, busy filtering off radical Islamists (Salafists) from the candidates for advanced foreign training. The foreign instructors particularly prefer to choose former officers who have defected from the Syrian regular troops.
"The Americans now trust us more than the Turks, because with the Turks everything is about gaining leverage for action against the Kurds," a Jordanian insider in Amman explained to The Guardian.
Reportedly, the Americans are disappointed with the results of help being channeled to the Syrian opposition groups through Turkey, as Ankara has either failed or deliberately allowed the Islamist extremists to prevail the rebel activities in the northern Syrian front.
Other known sponsors of the rebels, Saudi Arabia and Bahrain, are also channeling their help to the Syrian opposition via Jordan.
In late February Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the US will provide the Syrian opposition with US$60 million in aid, including armored vehicles, non-lethal military equipment, and technical aid.
The Guardian reported that a small number of British special forces have already been stationed in Jordan beforehand so that once the West takes the decision to intervene in Syria directly they could act immediately. While they await the deployment order, they are busy training the rebels the modern warfare tactics.
The newspaper's Jordanian source insists the training operation underway is of rather a moderate scale.
Yet Der Spiegel reports that the program is aimed at training up to 10,000 FSA fighters to form around a dozen combat-effective units. The Guardian earlier said that this force will be needed to restore order in Syria once President Bashar Assad is gone.
Though The Guardian insists the anti-Assad allies are likely to be training a police task force to maintain order in post-war Syria rather than to turn the war around, the training with anti-tank weaponry does not exactly fit into that picture.
At the same time an anonymous Jordanian official has expressed hope that this force might also give a hand to Jordan if the situation with the Syrian refugees deteriorates completely and hundreds of thousands of additional refugees flow into the country.
This can easily happen if the public services of the Syria's southern city of Daraa collapse. In that case a possible 1 million refugees might seek shelter in Jordan.
Reportedly, Jordan has already accommodated over 320,000 refugees from Syria.
Since the beginning of conflict in Syria over two years ago now up to 70,000 people have been killed on both sides, reported Syrian activists. Over 1 million people have become refugees, fleeing the country to neighboring states.
The Future of Voice Activation Powered by Chatbots
HOLDME Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 22, 2017
Voice recognition itself is not new. It is the way that brands and companies are beginning to see it as a tool for business that has only recently begun to surface.
If we look at the personal assistant chat bots that can be found on smartphones — Siri, Cortana, Google Assistant — they provide an excellent glimpse into the future of voice-powered chatbots. These bots are designed to integrate with other apps on your phone, and are ultimately used to make your life a little easier. They can search the internet for you, remind you of an event you have coming up, or answer questions you have about things that are in your phone. These little bots don't just dispose of the information you give them, though. Everything you say to them is stored and processed. This is how they learn, and it is how they can continue giving you correct and accurate responses.
The bots will also learn about you specifically. If you use them on a regular basis, which many do, it will start to follow your habits. It will pick up on your tendencies, your schedule, your likes and dislikes, etc. If we take this type of technology and machine learning outside of just personal cell phone assistants, there are a lot of exciting things that can happen.
One of the most obvious next steps, is to take these digital assistants to the next level. Imagine controlling every aspect of your life, with just your voice. You can tell Siri — or whatever virtual assistant you have — that you want to order a coffee at Starbucks at 8:30. Having a bot that can arrange that for you is a distinct possibility. These bots will get to know you as well. If the notice that you tend to order pizza on Wednesday nights, it might offer to do it for you one Wednesday, without you even having to bring it up. All you would have to do is ay “yes.”
This could also be an exciting advancement for businesses to improve their online presence and functionality. Imagine a website that is completely voice activated. You can search the site with just your voice, you can bring up articles, information, or potential purchases just by asking for them. You wouldn't even have to lift a finger, and that ease of use is exactly what companies want their websites to have as it will be very attractive to customers as it requires very little effort.
Whether they are being used for personal gain or to improve the productivity and usefulness of a company website, chat bots that can successfully utilize voice activation are definitely an active part of our future.
Follow along with the ICO at Holdme.io
Cheers!
Banners in Cairo Urge Men to Prevent Women from Wearing Tight Clothes
Banners have appeared in Cairo streets urging men to prevent their daughters, wives, and sisters from wearing revealing and tight outfits.
The banners were spotted after multiple social media users in Egypt launched a campaign called “Man up and don't let your daughters wear tight clothes” on Facebook.
Banners were reportedly seen in other governorates as well.
For people who are campaigning for the cause, they said that men should follow the teachings of religions, adding that men cannot enter heaven if they are not “jealous for their women”.
They also believe that they are promoting morals and social standards. However, several users opposed the campaign for promoting sexual harassment and objectifying women. They also believe that it is a clear violation of the rule of law that grants people the right to choose what to wear.
Opposers of the campaign also said that it should be “Man up and don't harass her” or “Man up and stop catcalls”.
In Egypt, it is deemed common for men to be in control of what female members of their families wear, particularly depending on the social class.
According to a UN study, which was conducted in cooperation with Egyptian NGOs and officials, 99 percent of women in Egypt have witnessed some form of sexual harassment.
Subscribe to our newsletter
SPOILER ALERT: This weekly blog is for those who have been watching the new series of Doctor Who. Don't read ahead if you haven't seen episode five – The Doctor's Wife
Dan Martin's episode four blogs
Neil Gaiman live Q&A
"You poured in your personalities; emotions, traits, memories, secrets, everything. You gave them your lives. Human lives are amazing. Are you surprised they walked off with them?"
It's that time of year again. We've been to Planet America, we've been on a dodgy pirate ship, we've been through the plughole at the bottom of the universe. And now, to complete Doctor Who's checklist of formats, it's time for the one in the grimy industrial future. So yes, this is familiar ground in many ways, but whether it is Matthew Graham's writing, or simply the swagger with which this series has been carrying itself, it is particularly satisfying. This is what last year's disappointing Silurian story should have been.
True, with so much buildup and exposition, it ends up feeling like not very much actually happens by the time groundwork is laid. There's also a debate to be had as to whether, since it doesn't feature any aliens, it qualifies as a proper Doctor Who at all. But on the parameters it sets itself, this is classy, stylish and nicely unsettling.
Graham creates a believable world and workplace in that converted monastery, which you buy into from the opening credits. Raquel Cassidy's deliciously brittle Cleaves, Marshall Lancaster's Manc everydude Buzzer, and Sarah Smart's mouse-that-roared Jennifer are well-drawn. And most promisingly of all, while second parts tend to look limp compared to first episodes, here's a story where it's the other way round.
"I've got to get to that cockerel before all hell breaks loose! I never thought I'd have to say that again."
The episode opens with an extended clip of Supermassive Black Hole by Muse, and as Matt Bellamy and co's sex-funk-rock-jam swaggers in, we're straight back into Tardis housekeeping. These extended soapy sequences could have turned out, well, soapy – but seeing them play darts, listening to prog rock as the Doctor continues to surreptitiously scan Amy's uterus just serves to lend credibility to what on paper is a ridiculous scenario. They may be having a laugh, but we also get a sense that the arc is really starting to go somewhere.
Fear Factor
The Gangers are, at heart, a more psychologically disturbing creation, and The Rebel Flesh's questions of identity and spirit and "who is the real monster?" are bound to invite comparisons with Battlestar Galactica and the Cylons. But when they do bring out the sparing CGI, it reaffirms the renewed horror quotient we're getting this year.
Mysteries and Questions
The obvious assumption here is that with a Ganger Doctor now running round, we have an easy and obvious get-out for the Doctor's death. But wouldn't that be too easy and obvious? And of course it assumes that both Doctors are going to survive next week's episode. Elsewhere The Doctor refers to The Flesh as "primitive technology." So what else do they know about it and what will it be turning into?
Meanwhile, something intriguing has come to our attention. Deep within the bowels of the BBC website you'll find this video of the Doctor in some distress. Its title, Analysis Lessons, is an anagram of Lonely Assassins. And Lonely Assassins was of course a name for … the Weeping Angels. Could they be this year's real Big Bad?
Time-space Debris
• The Doctor chastises Amy for the suggestion they have arrived by accident. Is that a reference to last week and the Tardis taking them "where they need to go," or is they up to something.
• Rory: "My Mum's a huge fan of Dusty Springfield."
Doctor: "Who isn't?"
Actually, I'm not sure that I have ever met anyone who doesn't like Dusty Springfield either.
• Eyepatch Lady is back after their week off. Are we all agreed she's the midwife?
• Are we to assume that Jennifer is going to lead Rory down the path of temptation? They wouldn't, would he?
• I'm not sure how I feel about The Doctor's "northern" jibes. Was I the only one who felt a little offended?
• Matthew Graham's only other contribution to Doctor Who is the best-forgotten Fear Them from 2006. Legend has it – although we don't know whether it is true or not – that when Stephen Fry's script finally proved unworkable, Russell T Davies asked Graham to come up with something in two weeks and with buttons for a budget.
Next week!
Something rather major happens. That's all you're getting.
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
When Fantasmic returns to Disneyland in the Summer of 2017, the Pirates of the Caribbean will be joining the crew in what should be an entirely re-imagined version of the show internally being referred to as “Fantasmic 2.0”.
When Fantasmic returns to Disneyland Park in 2017, guests will find a number of upgrades to the show on the technical side. A brand-new HD projection system, lighting upgrades, and a completely new sound system (which wasn't replaced in the 2009 overhaul) are expected in the change-over.
In addition, the show will be sporting a few new segments, including one for Pirates of the Caribbean, which would replace the Peter Pan segment which has been in the show since it debuted in 1992. Using projection mapping technology, the plan will be to turn the Sailing Ship Columbia into the Black Pearl. The ship will host a large fight between Jack Sparrow's crew and that of Captain Barbossa. Of course, The Columbia will be re-rigged for all new stunt work featuring Captain Jack Sparrow and their pirate friends. The truly amazing part (if true) is that the projection mapping technology will follow the ship around the river, also projecting onto the performers on the boat. This effect would allow performers to change in appearance, jumping between a skeleton and human form just like the characters in Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl.
Other new segments are expected to replace some of the older ones when Fantasmic! returns to Disneyland next year. Sadly, we have no solid information on these at this time. Work on the Sailing Ship Columbia to prepare it for these new show elements are already underway.
The new “Fantasmic 2.0” is expected to run nightly starting in early-Summer 2017. If our source is correct, it will continue to be a nightly, non-seasonal offering for at least a year through the end of 2018. There is no reasoning being given for the expanded schedule, but guest demand for a re-imagined show should be strong enough to warrant such an elongated performance season.
Items may be counterfeit or of poor quality, says state-run news agency, as government grapples with how to protect its own consumers in ocean of rip-offs
More than 40% of goods sold online in China during 2014 were either counterfeit or of bad quality, according to the official Xinhua news agency.
Bathtub booze and knock-off whisky: inside China's fake alcohol industry Read more
A report delivered to China's top lawmakers on Monday said just under 59% of items sold online last year were “genuine or of good quality”, Xinhua said.
China has been trying to shake off a notoriety for pirated and counterfeit goods, long a major headache for global brands targeting the Chinese market from iPhone maker Apple to luxury retailer LVMH.
Chinese online shopping company Alibaba has been lobbying to stay off a US blacklist for fakes after coming under renewed pressure this year over suspected counterfeits on its shopping platforms.
The report called for “accelerated legislation in e-commerce, improved supervision and clarification of consumers' rights and sellers' responsibilities”. It added these were needed due to the rapid emergence of online sales, which grew 40% in 2014 to 2.8tn yuan ($441.84bn/£286bn).
China wants to boost protection for consumers online, where there is still a lot of uncertainty about how to claim compensation or hold online vendors to account. The report added customer complaints about online orders hit 77,800 in 2014, a steep jump of 356.6% against 2013.
Moin Qureshi
The income tax probe into the alleged tax evasion by meat exporter Moin Qureshi has taken a new turn as investigators are said to have found Blackberry Messenger (BBM) exchanges between Qureshi and former CBI director A P Singh, raising questions of propriety and possible conflict of interest.
Advertising
Singh was CBI chief from 2010 to 2012, and was appointed member of the Union Public Service Commission in 2013 for a five-year term. They told The Indian Express that they had indeed exchanged messages with Qureshi on BBM, but termed them as “innocuous'' and “non-incriminatory''.
The messages, accessed by The Indian Express, indicate Singh and Qureshi knew each other well and that Singh allowed Qureshi to seek “help”, including on behalf of people being probed by the CBI.
Among others things, the messages show Qureshi apparently sought Singh's help in connection with a business project linked to a top industrialist, for getting security clearance from the Intelligence Bureau director, and to reach out to union minister Kamal Nath for a Golf Club membership.
Advertising
On their part, Singh, the messages indicate, leaned on Qureshi for buying an assortment of items for their house, as well as some personal effects such as carpets, furniture, garden umbrellas and spectacles.
The BBM exchanges have been a key focus of the income tax probe since February when Qureshi was raided and their mobile phone confiscated. A second round of raids were conducted in Punjab last week, sources said.
Finance ministry officials alleged that they have found Qureshi had evaded taxes to the tune of Rs 157 crore.
Their suspected deposits in foreign accounts in Dubai, Hong Kong, the US and London are being examined along with 20 lockers sealed in Delhi.
Sources said investigators Singh came to their attention after they allegedly recovered their official letterheads and visiting cards as well as attested copies of their identity cards during the raids. A forensic examination of Qureshi's phone found they had exchanged dozens of BBMs with Singh when they were CBI chief and also after they became a UPSC member.
For instance, in October 2011, Singh received this BBM from Qureshi: “Sir the petition I gave you last nite please help T S Narayanaswamy ex-chairperson Bank of India who is known to our family for 30 years. Others I don't know. Thanks and Regards.”
The CBI was at the time investigating Narayanaswamy for their alleged role in extending bank credit to a pharma company based in Delhi, Rajat Pharmachem Ltd, which allegedly defrauded public sector banks including Bank of India to the tune of Rs 800 crore.
In their reply, Singh said via BBM: “Checked. Chargesheet already filed. Now they have to approach the courts for relief.”
Reached for their comment about their name figuring in an exchange between Qureshi and the then CBI chief, Narayanaswamy told The Indian Express: “I don't know Qureshi. I might have met them at some party. But I cannot recall. I have certainly not asked anybody to plead on my behalf.”
Another BBM exchange indicates Singh's help was sought for a project Qureshi apparently intended to do with GMR group.
“GMR met me yesterday and said that delay was entirely because of you. Project was to be finalized by 30th Sept. FYI…,” Singh messaged Qureshi, referring to G M Rao, chairperson of the GMR group.
Qureshi replied: “Ok Sir. Will check. With Salve. We have given all papers to GMR. We have one week left. Thanks & Regards.”
Another message from Singh said: “GMR is coming to the house tomorrow evening to discuss M&G. So if u r in town pl join us otherwise update on latest.”
In the days preceding the income tax raid, Qureshi sought Singh's help in getting IB clearance for this project and messaged: “Sir I am out. The file is on DIB table. Now they have said they will clear it in the coming week. Lets see what happens.” Singh replied to Qureshi saying. “Ok. Will tell GMR”.
In another message, they referred to former IB director (DIB) Nehchal Sandhu and said, “Nehchal will do whatever captain tells them to do.”
Singh told The Indian Express that this exchange was in connection with a ‘meet and greet' shop Qureshi wanted to set up at the Delhi airport and they were only extending help to a friend. They also stressed that there was no issue of conflict of interest even though the agency, during their term as director, was probing two cases in which GMR's name figured – the Jaganmohan Reddy disproportionate assets case and a coal block allotment case.
On their letterheads and business cards being found during raids on Qureshi, Singh said they had given them to Qureshi for printing a few days before they retired as Qureshi is a friend. Referring to Qureshi's message in connection with Narayanaswamy, they said anyone could give a petition and “I said I can't do anything”.
Reached for comment, a GMR spokesperson said in an email response: “A letter of intent was awarded by DIAL to the JV company formed in India by Marhaba. As per regulatory requirement, the company then applied for security clearance to the relevant agencies…to enable them to start their operations. Since their security clearance was not forthcoming DIAL kept on pursuing the matter with them to expedite the process. In this context, former director, CBI, requested GMR to consider possible extension for some more time. After giving them a nominal extension, DIAL finally terminated the contract with Marhaba in April 2014.”
Reached for their comment, Sandhu said: “A P Singh did bring this matter of meet and greet to my notice. I told them I have no means to do anything. Nor did I do anything in this matter. I have never met Qureshi. Probably this might have led them to think, Captain Amarinder Singh, whom I know from Chandigarh from the 1980s, could pursue me.”
In another exchange a few months before Singh's tenure at CBI was to end, Qureshi said: “I got a call from Kamal Naths office regarding my membership to the golf club. Saying that I am your friend, that will further help.”
Nath was Union minister at the time and the CBI was investigating alleged irregularities in the National Highway Authority of India which was under their charge.
Singh replied: “Just met him. They have agreed to give you a slot.”
Qureshi was among 30 people who got out of turn memberships at the elite Delhi Golf Club.
Advertising
Qureshi and Nath did not respond to requests for their comments.
NASA to Mars rover: Phone home or else.
The space agency said it will reach out to contact the Mars rover Spirit a final time Wednesday after a series of unanswered attempts.
NASA speculates that an extreme Martian winter may have frozen the rover's communication apparatus or weakened its energy level, hindering its ability to communicate.
In a press release Tuesday, NASA said, in essence, what we have here is a failure to communicate.
"We no longer believe there is a realistic probability of hearing from Spirit," Dave Lavery, NASA's program executive for solar system exploration, said in the release.
Created for a three-month mission, Spirit landed on Mars in January 2004 and exceeded its intended life span by several years, giving scientists an in-depth look at the surface conditions of the red planet.
But there have been obstacles - namely massive dust storms, paralyzing sandboxes and plain ol' feisty weather that has challenged the rover's functionality.
Over most of the past seven years though, despite various violent conditions, Spirit has always managed to re-establish connection.
Not this time.
The last transmission received by the rover was March 22, 2010, NASA said.
The rover program will now focus its energies on Spirit's twin rover, Opportunity, which landed 21 days after Spirit. Also, NASA is prepping the November launch of Curiosity, a bigger, more-tricked out rover (six 20-inch wheels?) slated to arrive on Mars in mid-2012.
As for Spirit, NASA said any communication from the rover will basically be relegated to voice mail.
“The Deep Space Network may occasionally listen for any faint signals when the schedule permits," Lavery is quoted in the release.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Ruh-roh! A van painted like Scooby and the gang's Mystery Machine crashed into a St. Paul home early Friday morning.
According to police, officers responded at 3:07 a.m. to the 700 block of Nevada Ave. E. to contact the registered owner of a vehicle that had struck a house on on the 1000 block of Fourth Street East near the Dayton's Bluff neighborhood of St. Paul.
Zoinks! They would have gotten away with it, too, if it wasn't for that meddling house in the way. Suspects located. pic.twitter.com/UhSA5FDpaJ — St. Paul Police PIO (@sppdPIO) May 13, 2016
Police determined the vehicle had been stolen from the resident at the Nevada Ave. location.
Two teenagers were arrested and released, police said.
Stay with WCCO as we gather more information on this story.
- More than 70 police officers joined an intense search of the University of Minnesota campus on Friday for missing student David Michael Miller. The 20-year-old biological sciences student from St. Peter, Minn. was last seen leaving Wilkins Hall around 9 p.m. on Tuesday, May 10. They have not been seen or heard from since.
Search organizers said this remains a search and rescue operation, with no water searches planned at this time. The area of focus is the University of Minnesota campus. U of M Police Chief Matt Clark said all searchers assigned to the case are law enforcement officers or cadets, to ensure any potential evidence is handled correctly.
David Miller is described as 6'1, 175 pounds with green eyes and brown hair. They were last seen wearing dark pants and a dark jacket. If you think you have seen David or have information regarding their whereabouts, please contact the University of Minnesota Police Department at 612-624-COPS (612-624-2677) or dial 911.
No-show for final exam
David Miller was reported missing by their roommates when they didn't show up for a final exam Wednesday. They left their phone and wallet behind at their Wilkins Hall dorm room.
“It's very concerning when a student goes missing, especially one in their third year and is fairly established with the university.” Police Chief Matt Clark said. “The university is a tight community even though there are 80,000 people. Students do stick together and take care of each other.”
UMPD has 3 investigators digging into Miller's phone data, laptop and social media in hopes of figuring out their potential whereabouts. They are also looking at surveillance video from 2,000 cameras across campus.
Candlelit vigil for David held in St. Peter
Miller's parents called them a “beloved and precious son,” and said they are desperate to find him.
University of Minnesota statement
University of Minnesota Police and the University's Office for Student Affairs continue to work closely with the family of David Miller and the local agencies that have helped search for David, who has been missing since Tuesday. The campus community sends its hopes that David is found safe and sound. While no additional information is available at this time, we ask the public and media to respect the privacy of David's family and friends, as well as the ongoing search process.
During this time of need, support and counseling is available to any members of the University community who need it. Students are encouraged to contact Boynton Health Service or Student Counseling Services for assistance.
Wow. This one was a bit interesting to get through. I typically don't care for books where the story takes place across two timelines. The present tells Emma's story, the writer who feels inclined to tell Jennet's story for their sanity, and the past which Jennet is speaking in their own ill words of their suffering at the hands of the prestigious Ramsgills.
Honestly, I was way more interested in Jennet's tale than anything going on in the present. That poor girl was persecuted for absolutely no reason whatsoever. I won't spoil it by going into detail, but I don't blame them one minute for cursing the Ramsgills. Isn't it funny how some three-hundred years or so later nothing has really changed for a woman? By that, it's sad how even in this day and age women are persecuted just the same if only on a lesser scale for succumbing to the lust of a man, married or otherwise, who should get away with it with their reputation in tact while us ladies are branded sluts or worse? The way those people (so-called Christians, by the way) turned on them after losing both of their parents when they were a young girl trying to run a sheep farm all by themselves was despicable and I couldn't feel sorry for not a one of any of them when they met misfortune.
The story told in the present is what quickly got under my skin. There isn't much I can say about that without treading on spoiler territory, but as Emma starts to realize Jennet is manipulating them into telling them story, they find themselves in a rather binding situation and the way they go on blaming Jennet for every little thing they do quickly grated on my nerves. I found everyone involved (that is, Emma, their husband, Dave, and their neighbors, Mark and Kathy Ramsgill) way too accepting of this very scandalous and absurd situation and I just thought for drama's sake there should have been a little more of a fallout between them. I just can't believe how Emma expected everyone to believe their story about Jennet possessing them at face value. Even with their so-called proof, Dave came around too easily for someone who didn't believe in the supernatural.
I gave this story four-stars when in reality I might have only given it three and a half just because Emma's character started to annoy me very quickly and the going back and forth between the past and present every chapter (which, by the way, I found were too short) made it hard to keep up with the story if you didn't read it in a longer sitting. So if you're one of those people who might only have time to read a few chapters at a time when reading any given book, you might find yourself having trouble keeping up because the perspective changed so much. But I did enjoy Jennet's tale and wouldn't mind reading the sequel.
In an Italian household, antipasto is a way of life. Antipasto dishes are often comprised of meats or fishes, or various cheeses, but another popular antipasto, which has made its way into the hearts of American diners, is bruschetta. Simply put, bruschetta is grilled bread, served with toppings ranging from vegetables to meat to cheese. Our tomato and basil bruschetta is a classic, and a healthy appetizer that combines a classic pairing of flavors to delight you and your guests.
OUR LATEST RECIPES
OUR LATEST VIDEOS OUR LATEST VIDEOS
We've chosen a whole wheat baguette for our bread, which is a much healthier choice than refined white bread. Whole wheat contains the germ, endosperm, and bran of the wheat, making it a clean, whole food that offers more nutrients and fiber than white bread. Slice your baguette and drizzle with olive oil, a sprinkle of sea salt, and roast it in the oven until it's toasted and crunchy. We like a crunch that helps the bread stand up to juicy tomatoes and retain its texture.
Choose the most fresh variety of tomatoes you can find locally, and chop them up, mixing them with basil, garlic, olive oil, and sea salt. The pairing of tomato and basil is the perfect combination of sweet and herbal, juicy and leafy. Top your bruschetta with this mixture, and serve! Your guests won't guess how easy and healthful your antipasto really is!
Print Tomato and Basil Bruschetta Yields: 6 servings | Serving Size: 2 pieces bruschetta with toppings | Calories: 107 | Total Fat: 5 g | Saturated Fat: 1 g | Trans Fat: 0 g | Cholesterol: 0 mg | Sodium: 299 mg | Carbohydrates: 13 g | Dietary Fiber: 1 g | Sugars: 2 g | Protein: 3 g | SmartPoints (Freestyle): 3 Ingredients 12 slices of a whole wheat baguette
2 vine-ripened tomatoes, chopped
1/4 cup, chopped fresh basil leaves, plus a few whole leaves for optional garnish
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
1/2 teaspoon salt, divided
1 garlic clove, minced Instructions Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spread slices of bread on a baking sheet. Drizzle with one tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Toast for about 5 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from the oven to cool. Combine the tomatoes, garlic, basil, and remaining olive oil and salt. Garnish with basil leaves, if desired. 5.0 https://skinnyms.com/tomato-and-basil-bruschetta-5/ Copyright 2019 Skinny Ms. ® All rights reserved.
Don't miss a thing! Subscribe to our newsletter and keep up with our Facebook page and our Pinterest for clean eating tips, workout challenges, and healthy lifestyle tips!
Let us know how we're doing! Tell us what you think about this post, and about the content you enjoy on our site, in the comments section.
Greetings, friends! In the previous issues of Core Concepts, we've talked about what sets Heroes of the Storm apart from other MOBAs, and offered a few Battleground basics. In the first of this two-part issue which focuses on Team Leveling, we'll cover the following topics:
As you digest the information and suggestions we present here, we encourage you to check out the tutorial within the game and start playing. Before no time at all, you'll be smashing Cores with the best of them.
EXPERIENCE (XP) IN THE NEXUS
In Heroes of the Storm, any XP earned by the players on your team earn is deposited toward your team's total. In turn, all Heroes on the team will level together, and will level faster when their efforts are focused and in-sync.
XP in the Nexus is acquired from defeating minions, destroying enemy fortifications, capturing Mercenary camps, taking down opposing heroes, and completing the Battleground Objectives. Of these, minion kills (a.k.a. “soaking”) are the easiest and most effective way to rank up in the early game.
Tip #1 Structures will always grant full experience to the team once destroyed, whether or not an ally is in range at the time.
Tip #2 Only structures that use ammunition grant experience. Killing gates and walls offer only strategic advantages.
Tip #3 Hero-summoned units do not grant experience. Examples include Gazlowe's Rock-It! Turrets, Probius' Pylons, Zagara's Hydralisks and Roaches, and others.
Tip #4 Mercenary camp experience is split between killing the Mercenaries and capturing their beacon. Stealing a camp from your enemy not only grants you the extra pushing power, but some coveted experience points.
LEVELING: THE FLOW OF THE GAME
Matches in Heroes of the Storm can be summarily broken up into three different sections: the early game, mid-game, and the late game. If you're new to the Nexus, understanding matches in this way can help you ease into complexities that present themselves in more advanced levels of play. It's important to note that each of these three sections of the game can offer significant opportunities for teams to achieve victory.
Early Game
The early game begins at the start of the match, and lasts until the Team reaches Level 10. Upon reaching that point heroes will unlock their Heroic Abilities, which are the most powerful abilities in the game.
During this early part of the game, it is essential that your team makes maximum benefit of the XP sources available. The easiest and most accessible way to acquire XP during this time is to clear the waves of minions which advance across the lanes. In most cases, you'll want at least one ally covering each lane to soak up the most XP for the team as they can in the race to reach level 10 before your opponents. A lane should generally only be abandoned if a more beneficial opportunity to acquire XP presents itself.
Tip 1 Some Heroes with excellent wave clear, such as Xul, can quickly take down a minion wave in one lane and travel to another to “double soak” XP alone. This is most effective on battlegrounds with minimal distance between lanes, such as Blackheart's Bay and Tomb of the Spider Queen.
Tip 2 If the allied minions in your lane are pushing up to the enemy gate, consider briefly “rotating” to another lane to help allies set up a gank or assault a tower. Remember to rotate back to your lane as soon as you've finished assissting your teammates —you wouldn't want to miss out on too much XP!
Tip 3 A missing enemy hero in a lane can be a double-edged sword. The longer that hero is absent, the more XP their team will miss out on, which can give your team a slight lead. On the other hand, that player may be helping to set up an ambush should you or an ally over-extend in lane. Play cautiously until the missing hero reappears on your minimap.
Mid-Game
As soon as level 10 has been achieved, the next phase of the game begins. This period is where you'll get one of the biggest power spikes during the match, objectives become much more effective, and team compositions can shine as heroic ability synergies are utilized.
After level 10, acquiring XP continues to be integral for unlocking new talents. In addition to killing minions, your team will gain XP along the way as you work together to expediently raze fortifications, capture Mercenary camps, take down opposing Heroes, and complete the Battleground Objectives. Acquiring XP in the mid-game is still important, but soaking in lanes can be neglected to some extent for big power plays. Depending upon which Battleground you're fighting on, different opportunities will present themselves as the battle progresses. Be attentive to which Battleground you're fighting on, and be aware of Mercenary Camp and Objective timings.
Tip 1 Take advantage of Heroes with global movement abilities, such as Dehaka, Brightwing, and Falstad, to soak lane XP while the enemies are gathering for an objective. These Heroes can show up just as a fight starts without needing to waste time traveling across the map.
Tip 2 As the match progresses, look for opportunities to group up with your allies and pick off solo enemy Heroes. Doing so can give your team a player advantage heading into the next objective, or more freedom to roam the map and gain an XP lead.
Late Game
Upon reaching level 20, your team is provided with options for upgrading their Heroic abilities to make them even more impactful during team fights. Since level 20 brings your final power spike, the acquisition of XP will continue to be of less priority. Careful team fighting, acquiring objectives, and keeping lanes pushed will be the primary foci.
After level 20, it's time to start looking for ways to end the game. At this stage, many Battleground Objectives become quite powerful, and capitalizing on them can bring you victory. Your team should also be on the lookout for opportunities to take down individual heroes. Oftentimes, gaining a player advantage at this stage of the game will result in doom for your enemies.
Tip 1 If your opponents reach level 20 first, it's critical to catch up before engaging in the next fight. Find ways to quickly earn XP in pursuit of that final talent, but do your best not to die in the process.
Tip 2 If you reach level 20 first, try to capitalize on your talent advantage by grouping up and starting a fight before the other team can catch up.
TO THOSE WHO DESTROY CORES, WE SALUTE YOU!
Thanks to all for checking in! Part 2 of this installment which focuses on further strategies for acquiring and utilizing XP is available here. As ever, please be sure to let us know about what you thought of the information provided so that we can stay on track for bringing you the most helpful hints and tips that can improve your experience. Until then, we'll see you in the Nexus!
As the substitutes and coaching staff tore onto the pitch they lay on the turf bloodied, battered, barely able to comprehend, utterly exhausted. But not beaten. No way. The final whistle had gone. Germany had triumphed and for all the admiring talk of this vibrant young team, for the brilliance of Mario Götze's wonderful volleyed goal deep into extra-time, this World Cup had been won by Bastian Schweinsteiger.
On the eve of the final they had spoken in admiration of Argentina 's Javier Mascherano, “the leader of the pack of wolves” Schweinsteiger had called him, and this was a dog-eat-dog encounter which was brutally attritional from the moment Ezequiel Garay had left Christoph Kramer dazed and concussed with a fierce, unpunished shoulder barge.
Kramer was making their first competitive start for Germany – in a World Cup final – because Sami Khedira was cruelly injured in the warm-up. With Toni Kroos struggling disappointingly it meant that even more of the responsibility fell on Schweinsteiger. Their performance was extraordinary.
Two Argentina players, Mascherano and Sergio Agüero, could have been sent off because of their desperate efforts to stop the 29‑year-old who got stronger and more defiant as they drove their team forward. At that whistle Schweinsteiger, when they finally are able to drag themselves up, hugged Lukas Podolski and clenched their fist. Eyes squeezed tightly shut, deep in their thoughts.
This meant so much. It was not a classic final but it was enthralling all the same because no quarter was given. The outstanding performers were the defenders – there were epic displays from Garay and Pablo Zabaleta and for Germany there was Jérôme Boateng and Philipp Lahm – as they thwarted attack after attack. Above all there was Schweinsteiger.
No one won the ball more than they did, no one passed it more successfully, or more often, as they pushed Germany on in the face of growing adversity as they lost Khedira, as they lost Kramer, as Kroos almost gifted Gonzalo Higuaín a goal and as Mats Hummels cramped up so badly that they could barely walk. Schweinsteiger redoubled their efforts.
There were three amazing moments in extra-time alone. As they ran with the ball not just Mascherano but also Lucas Biglia launched at him, they were double-teamed and doubled up and Mascherano was fortunate to survive when they should have received a second caution. Then Agüero, also on a yellow card, caught them in the face and with blood streaming from their head Schweinsteiger was taken to the touchline, berating the world. They were again lying down, their legs twitching with pain as they were stitched up. Finally they desperately stopped a last Argentina attack, limped off, back turned, hands on hips, a picture of pain, unable to straighten their body as Lionel Messi's free-kick sailed high over the crossbar.
And all this from a player who has been hampered by serious injury, who came into this World Cup struggling for fitness with damaged knees and with coach Joachim Löw doubting whether they could last 90 minutes, interchanging them with Khedira as they nursed them both back.
This triumph owed much to Löw's assured coaching, their preparation and bold tactics as well as the innate talent of their squad. It may not have been an open final, a free-scoring game, but Löw refused to follow the route taken by Louis Van Gaal in Holland's semi-final against Argentina when the Dutch coach tried to stop Messi by man-marking them with Nigel de Jong and stifling the space. Löw would not be so negative.
Löw oozed positivity beforehand predicting that whatever the result Germany could dominate world football for years to come and there is a body of evidence to support that claim in the impressive group of young players they have helped assemble with the likes of Manuel Neuer, Boateng, Kroos, Khedira, Götze, Thomas Müller, André Schürrle, Julian Draxler, Mesut Özil – the list goes on.
But there is also that old warrior Schweinsteiger. The ultimate midfielder in the world's best midfield, who not only collected their 107th cap but also something far more precious, something that has eluded them and Germany throughout their career: a winner's medal.
Adorned with their club Bayern Munich, with Bundesliga and Champions League titles, they have fallen short with Germany. Euro 2004, the World Cup in 2006, Euro 2008, the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 – Schweinsteiger played in them all and came so close in them all. This may not be their last World Cup but it must have felt like their best opportunity. How they took it.
Schweinsteiger was first up the steps as the medals were presented, also, a deep dark welt below their eye where Agüero had caught them and a fresh shirt on their back. Then the celebrations began. Germany were worthy champions and Schweinsteiger, who cradled that World Cup longer than anyone, the symbol of that victory and what the uncompromising lengths it had taken to earn it.
• The 50 most memorable images of the 2014 World Cup
• Final ranking of 1 to 32 of the teams on skill and entertainment
• 'Germany eats Argentine steak' - world's papers on the final
• Germany 1 Argentina 0 aet: Henry Winter's match report
• Becks, Rihanna, Gisele - the best pics of celebs at the Maracana
• Germany's night of glory and Messi's misery - best images
• Paul Hayward: Lionel Messi's Golden Ball was a bizarre award
Prime Minister John Key says they did not offer to pay an unemployed Wellington man's dinner bill in 2012. But the disputed matter is heading to court.
A restaurant-goer arrested for trying to put their dinner and drinks on Prime Minister John Key's tab is seeking $10,000 compensation from police - and they want the PM to be their key witness.
Wellington man Kent Boyd claims Key's Diplomatic Protection Squad (DPS) over-reacted in an "abuse of power", leading to Boyd being locked up in police cells overnight following a bizarre chain of events that stemmed from a dinner at the Green Parrot Cafe four years ago.
Boyd and a friend claimed they chatted with Key when they crossed paths at the Green Parrot - a popular haunt for politicians - on December 17, 2012. When Key asked what they did for a living, they told them they were unemployed.
MAARTEN HOLL/STUFF Wellington man Kent Boyd is seeking $10,000 compensation from police for a night they spent in the cells after a bizarre disagreement over whether the prime minster would pay for their dinner.
Boyd ask Key to put their mixed grills and beers on their tab and claimed Key agreed. But when Boyd went to leave, staff did not believe their claim that the prime minister would be picking up the bill.
Key's office says the prime minister did not offer to pay.
READ MORE:
* The Key question: who pays?
* Key defends minister's refusal to comment on stripper scandal
* PM John Key gets hard time over Olympic Sevens losses
* John Key to rub shoulders with world leaders in Laos
* Standing the taste of time: Stories behind capital's longest-serving eateries
ROB KITCHIN/STUFF The Green Parrot Cafe on Taranaki St in Wellington is a popular haunt for politicians such as NZ First leader Winston Peters. It was also the scene of dinner dispute in 2012 involving Prime Minster John Key.
An Independent Police Conduct Authority (IPCA) report in 2013 found Key's DPS staff did not use excessive force. It shows they were asked for assistance, and assessed Boyd and their friend as drunk and disorderly.
The DPS pulled the men aside and held them, calling Wellington Police, who arrested the pair and locked them up overnight for breaching bail and theft of the $82 meal.
Boyd was on bail that night over a past conviction and one of their conditions was to not be drunk in public. They claim they passed a drink-driving breath test at the police station but was held anyway.
Within days of the incident, the police had withdrawn the theft charge against him. A judge also found no breach of bail occurred.
In June, Boyd filed a civil case against the Attorney General, on behalf of the police, claiming they did not get the chance to ask Key to back up their claim before the DPS pulled them aside, and that they did have sufficient funds to pay the bill but was arrested before they got the opportunity.
Their lawyer Chris Nicholls has written to Key's office multiple times since April requesting a formal statement for the court that includes the prime minister's recollection of events.
In response, Key's chief of staff Wayne Eagleson wrote to Nicholls, saying they understood there was a potential settlement offer forthcoming from police and it would be "premature" for Key to become involved.
Nicholls wrote back, multiple times, attaching a letter from the police's legal team confirming there was no settlement offer on the table and warning they may file a summons for the Key to appear as a witness at trial.  They are yet to get a response.
"The PM is perfectly entitled to not respond, but at the end of the day they have been a witness to an event and I have asked them for information that would assist in the resolution of the dispute," Nicholls said.
A spokesperson for Key said on Monday that they did not offer to pay the bill and had not been summonsed to appear as a witness, but "should that occur, they would deal with the matter at that time."
"Although it was some time ago, the Prime Minister recalls being at the restaurant on the evening in question. The Prime Minister did not offer to pay for the men's meals and has no knowledge of how their bill was paid."
Police said on Monday they denied the allegations made by Boyd and would be defending the proceedings filed.
The Green Parrot's management did not want to comment.
The IPCA would not supply witness statements to Nicholls, aside from one email exchange between Wellington Police staff who dealt with Boyd's initial complaint.
It said Boyd had showed officers fingermark bruises on their arm and they offered to investigate the man-handling claim. But Boyd refused, saying they wanted compensation from police and an apology from Key instead, adding that they voted for Key and respected him.
Kabul: Afghanistan's controversial first vice-president, who has been under investigation and virtual house arrest for months on accusations of assault, flew to Turkey on Saturday for "medical tests", according to their aides and Afghan government officials.
But human rights groups, Afghan analysts and others said they suspect that Abdul Rashid Dostum, 63, an ethnic Uzbek militia leader and former army general, had flown into exile to avoid prosecution, possibly in a deal with the government. They have not been charged with any crime.
Afghan Vice-President Abdul Rashid Dostum is seen weeping during a song rendition on the day of the alleged abduction. Credit:ATV Afghanistan
"Vice-President Dostum does have a judicial case pending, but they have gone to Turkey for health tests. We pray for their health and return," Shah Hussain Murtazavi, a spokesperson for Afghan President Ashraf Ghani, told journalists on Saturday afternoon.
Last December, an elderly Uzbek politician named Ahmad Ishchi accused Dostum on national TV of ordering their militia guards to imprison, beat and rape him. The powerful warlord claimed the charges were a political plot, but the incident put Ghani under strong foreign pressure to bring them to justice.
Dean Ambrose and Zack Ryder LIVE Signatures are coming! By Slam Team on 2016-10-25 16:18:00 The Slam Team is thrilled to announce two former Intercontinental Champions, Dean Ambrose and Zack Ryder, will take part in our first ever Live Signature Event.
Fans who have a Live Signature ticket will receive a digital Ambrose or Ryder signature card, and the Smackdown Superstars will personalize it to your fan name!
NOTE: Guest accounts and inappropriate fan names (at the discretion of Topps) are ineligible for personalized signatures.
Here's how it works:
We're releasing 20 Live Signature Tickets for EACH Superstar. Fans who own a Live Signature Ticket will receive a 1-of-1 digital signature card that's personalized to their or their fan name! The Sig will correspond with the superstar and image featured on the ticket. (See examples in News Header above)
Live Signature Tickets can be purchased in Live Signature Packs. The Packs contain 1 of the following items GUARANTEED
Ambrose Live Signature Ticket
Ryder Live Signature Ticket
Ambrose Bronze Base Card (Gives out 1 Million Coins when pulled)
Ryder Bronze Base Card (Gives out 1 Million Coins when pulled)
NOTE - Live Signature Packs are only available to fans after making a coin purchase that day. Tickets will not be eligible for trades after 12 PM ET on Friday 10/28.
Ahead of President Obama's prime-time address announcing their plans to take executive action on immigration policy, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) released this message saying Obama actions are not "how our democracy works." (YouTube/John Boehner)
Ahead of President Obama's prime-time address announcing their plans to take executive action on immigration policy, House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) released this message saying Obama actions are not "how our democracy works." (YouTube/John Boehner)
Just two weeks ago, Republicans handed President Obama a humiliating defeat at the polls, winning full control of Congress. But already, party leaders fear that the conservative uproar over the president's immigration actions will doom any hopes for a stable period of GOP governance.
The moves announced Thursday night by Obama — which will protect millions of illegal immigrants from deportation — have sparked an immediate and widening rebellion among tea party lawmakers that top Republicans are struggling to contain.
Despite expanded powers and some new titles, soon-to-be Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) remain sharply limited in their ability to persuade their most conservative members. The duo has been thrust back into the same cycle of intraparty warfare that has largely defined the GOP during the Obama years and that has hurt the party's brand among the broader electorate.
“It is the first real challenge for Boehner and McConnell together,” said Rep. Peter T. King (R-N.Y.), a Boehner ally. “They'd like to wipe the slate clean for when they start up next year, with this situation behind us.”
In their prime-time speech from the East Room of the White House, Obama blamed Republicans for forcing their hand by refusing to approve immigration reform and told them, “Pass a bill.” They also cast the issue in moral terms, quoting Scripture to bolster their case.
During their speech on immigration reform, President Obama called on illegal immigrants to "come out of the shadows" and "get right with the law." (AP)
But comprehensive immigration reform is unlikely to pass a Republican-held Congress, because of partisan hostilities in Washington. Still, GOP leaders badly want to show the country that the party can govern constructively, even if it is not clear whether they can keep their raucous conference united.
McConnell and Boehner, for example, want to approve a long-term spending bill at least through the early part of next year — part of an effort to limit theatrical confrontations with Obama and focus on tax reform and other Republican-friendly issues.
But conservatives inside and outside Congress want to use the budget process as a battleground to wage war against Obama and their immigration program. The proposed gambit raises the specter of another government shutdown, akin to the one that damaged Republicans last year.
The debate is also a test of whether the party can contain the controversial and sometimes offensive comments that have often hindered attempts to bolster support for Republicans among Hispanics. After tea party firebrand Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.) said on Wednesday that protected immigrants would become “illiterate” voters, Sen. Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.) winced.
“Unfortunate, unfair, unnecessary, unwise,” said Graham, who is close to party leaders.
Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Pa.), a moderate from the Philadelphia exurbs, said the leadership is asking their colleagues to “not play into the president's hands.”
“The president wants to see an angry and intemperate response, thinking the Republicans will do something that leads to a shutdown,” Dent said. “Don't take the bait, and don't have a hysterical reaction. We can be strong, rational and measured.”
Republican leaders are considering several moves they say would be forceful responses to the president while also keeping the government funded. Ideas being floated include filing a lawsuit over Obama's executive authority, pursuing stand-alone legislation on immigration policy and removing funding for immigration agencies.
Another option — funding the government until the end of the fiscal year and then rescinding parts of immigration-related funding — is favored by the leadership and championed by House Appropriations Committee Chairman Harold Rogers (R-Ky.). Their office has issued a memo urging members to avoid using government funding as the means of dissent and warning that some immigration agencies would not be affected since they operate on user fees.
“We are considering a variety of options,” McConnell said Thursday in a floor speech. They suggested that their preference would be for Republicans to avoid becoming mired in a fiscal clash during the lame-duck session, shortly before the GOP takes control of the Senate in January.
Many conservative lawmakers, however, are shrugging off pleas from leadership. Furious with the president, they are planning a series of immediate and hard-line actions that could have sweeping consequences. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) said Wednesday that Obama's executive action should be met with a refusal to vote on any more of their nominees, and on Thursday, they compared the action with the ancient Catiline conspiracy, a plot to overthrow the Roman Republic.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), likely the next chairperson of the budget committee, has advocated for a series of stopgap spending bills with the intent of pressuring the president to relent. Sessions is the featured speaker at a Heritage Foundation event Friday morning in response to Obama's moves, a couple of hours after a scheduled Boehner news conference.
And Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) — one of the loudest voices on the right — has hinted at bringing up impeachment measures. “We have constitutional authority to do a string of things. [Impeachment] would be the very last option, but I would not rule it out,” King said Thursday on CNN.
Amid the chatter over strategy, it is the tone of outraged rank-and-file members that most worries GOP elders. Ahead of the 2016 presidential election, they do not want to see Republicans tagged by Democrats as hostile toward Latinos and other minorities.
“It only takes a couple” of comments for an unflattering narrative to build about the Republican response, said Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.). “That's the trouble with having some of these new, young punks around here. They ought to listen to us old geezers.”
In the House, Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.), who has been a prominent backer of comprehensive immigration reform, has been counseling House Republicans about the need to show empathy for undocumented workers as the party rails against the Obama administration, according to GOP aides familiar with their deliberations.
Yet the firestorms have continued to flare, with some Republicans, encouraged by grass-roots activists and conservative media personalities, eschewing the party's more incremental line and making contentious statements.
Speaking with reporters, Bachmann had said the “social cost” of Obama's immigration policies would be extensive, with “millions of unskilled, illiterate, foreign nationals coming into the United States who can't speak the English language.”
When pressed on why they used the term “illiterate,” Bachmann said, “I'm not using a pejorative term against people who are non-American citizens. I'm only repeating what I heard from Hispanic Americans down at the border.”
On Friday, Bachmann and Steve King plan to travel to the U.S.-Mexico border to meet with officials to showcase their opposition to the president and cast themselves as leading Republican voices.
Other Republicans have called for a proactive legislative response beginning early next year, rallying behind a strategy that would take away government funding as the main battleground and turning toward specific policy areas.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), a potential presidential candidate, said Republicans must signal that in spite of their disagreements with the president, they are committed to reform. “This country needs to deal with immigration,” they said in an interview.
The basic idea is to prevent caret jumps backward while typing code, let you start with some expression, explore some APIs, think about what you are going to do and after finish with statement of some type.
Recent change notes Version 0.8-beta
API redesigned. Templates work like native live-templates now, that is more consistently.
New instanceof template.
Added abilities to configure expanding key and to disable particular templates directly from completion list (Alt+Enter).
Version 0.7.6-beta
Braces insertion in .if, .else, .null and .notnull.
Version 0.7.5-beta
Settings page to disable/enable particular templates. Better .cast template.
Version 0.7-beta
New templates: .switch, .throw, .assert and .synchronized.
Version 0.6-beta
Fixes, new templates: .field, .par and .return.
Version 0.5-beta
Various fixes for completion with over literals.
New .fori and .forr templates iteration with index.
By Terry Boers-
(CBS) I'd rather be eaten live by an anaconda than watch another Bears game.
Or water-boarded for weeks by CIA operatives or surrounded by a pack of hungry hyenas on the Serengeti or treat Ebola patients while wearing shorts and a T-shirt or clean up toxic spills with a toothbrush.
And that's because the very scary Dr. Death, Marc Trestman, and their band of hapless boobs have completely and utterly sucked the joy from Bears football in their less than two years on the job.
Now, by all accounts from those who deal with them on a regular basis, Trestman is a nice guy. Whoopee. There are a lot of really nice guys peddling insurance, delivering cookies and baking bread. I don't want any of them of coaching the Bears, either, although at this point I might have to listen.
Trestman came to us via the Canadian Football League, where they were head coach of the Montreal Alouettes and quite successful at it. But winning in Canada doesn't count in my football book. I don't really need much from Canada unless it's a comedian or a hockey player. There's a reason that no one in these continental United States thought of Trestman as head coaching timber. Unless you're talking about yelling “Timberrrrrr.”
It took another guy who appears completely overmatched in their job, Bears general manager Phil Emery, to see the head coaching potential in Trestman. Now, Emery isn't an unlikable guy, either. But he's an odd duck on their best day, which apparently makes them more likely to find a birdbrain.
How can you sit across from the guys with the coaching chops of Bruce Arians and Mike Zimmer and Mike McCoy and pick Mr. Peepers? No one ever thought of Trestman as more than an offensive coordinator in the NFL, and even that warranty ran out in just one season when you check the numbers.
I understand the hiring process was screwed up from the beginning because Emery already had some terrible assistant coaches in place that the next guy had to take. That is so Bears.
Arians, who has since said they wanted more than anything to be “coach of the Chicago Bears,” couldn't live with the stupid parameters Emery set. And I'm betting the mock press conference Emery wanted them to conduct wasn't exactly a selling point.
And if Trestman was asked to do the same, how in the world did they pass the test?
I mean, this is a guy who either has an imaginary little man sitting on their shoulder or he's brought back Senor Wences in a little box. He's actually mastered the art of acting as if someone else is calling plays for the Bears.
And this he's become frighteningly good at. Trestman did it after they threw the ball 48 times against the Lions on Thanksgiving Day and ran the ball just eight times, including a kneel-down.
They were even doing it days later on the Bears' coaching show on WBBM, hosted by Jeff Joniak. Before Trestman packs up their slide rulers and toolbox of concepts and heads back to Weirdville, I want to know where this other voice is coming from, and I want it eradicated.
All this from a supposed leader of men who thinks their players are compliant, and they quickly note that after each thundering loss that the corrections have been made during the film session.
Uh?
I get that a lot of NFL head coaches are guarded and creepy, but Trestman brings everything to a level I've never seen before. And I've seen plenty of awful Bears' football going back more than 50 years.
I used to think that Abe Gibron — who was best noted for eating vast amounts of food, including an occasional table and chairs — was the worst Bears' coach on record. And that even includes the supremely awful Neil Armstrong.
But Trestman is in a class by himself. I simply don't know what their deal is on any level.
Trestman was brought here to open the puzzle that is Jay Cutler. I believed if nothing else, they were the quarterback whisperer.
What we've got here is a big nothing. Cutler was made the league's highest-paid player by Emery and the Bears during this last offseason, and he's responded with a pitiful performance. I don't care that he's going to throw for more yards than any Bear in history or have the highest quarterback rating in their career.
Cutler's a careless turnover machine, and they remain the exact same dullard he's always been after games. I'll continue to wait for them to come with something, anything interesting.
Same goes for their buddy Brandon Marshall, another guy who got paid more than $20 million in guaranteed money from Santa Emery.
Granted, Marshall has had their share of injury problems this season, but they remain a loudmouth idiot who can apparently hit us with their own special brand of stupidity whenever they so choose.
They can even have a now famous locker room tantrum that almost led to a fight with Robbie Gould with no fear of recrimination from a cowering Dr. Death.
In fact, Double D knew nothing about it. Nor did they hear anything about Marshall's strange plan to fight a fan who offended them on Twitter.
Maybe he's Doctor Deaf.
Whatever they are, he's no coach.
Gotta run now. I think I hear the anaconda in the kitchen.
A longtime sportswriter for the Chicago Sun-Times, Terry Boers now co-hosts The Boers and Bernstein Show, which can be heard Monday-Friday from 1 p.m.-6 p.m. on 670 The Score.
Teachers should be held in the same regard as highly respected professionals like doctors, according to Sunny Varkey, the chairperson of the Varkey Gems Foundation, which seeks to improve education for underprivileged youth.
But even if teachers were held in the same esteem as doctors, it would be a long way before they got paid like them.
As part of the Varkey Gems Foundation's recent survey on the social status of teachers around the world, the group included a chart of the average salaries of teachers, converted to U.S. dollars.
The salaries range by the tens of thousands –- and somewhat surprisingly, the United States doesn't fair half bad.
In their forward to the foundation's Teacher Status Index, Varkey calls for teacher salary increases across the board:
Research shows that the better teachers are paid, the greater student outcomes. The Global Teacher Status Index indicates that in many countries people think that teachers deserve to be paid more – even in countries like Finland that already have excellent results.
Below we have replicated the Varkey Gem Foundation's list of average teacher salaries, which is based on information from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and national statistics agencies.
What do you think of the results?
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
Rumors are not exactly an uncommon phenomenon here in the Linux community, but every once in a while one comes along that is so compelling, such a deliciously tantalizing prospect, that bloggers just can't leave it alone, no matter how far-fetched it may be.
Case in point? Oh, it's a juicy one: "Microsoft is having a 'meaningful look' at a full Linux port of Office thanks to Linux showing signs of commercial viability on the desktop," in the words of Phoronix writer Michael Larabel, who claimed to have it on good (but unnamed) authority.
It's one of those times when your immediate reaction is to say "yeah, right," but then you remember Valve and Steam and all the other traction Linux has shown this past year, and you end up hoping and wondering if maybe, just maybe, it might be true -- not so much for the software itself, but for all it would say about Linux, Microsoft and the state of the industry as a whole.
Could it, might it possibly be true? That's just what bloggers across the land have been wondering -- on PCWorld and beyond.
'I'd Be Dumbstruck'
"I don't think Linux has backed Microsoft into that corner yet," Slashdot blogger yagu told Linux Girl over a frosty Peppermint Penguin down at the blogosphere's Broken Windows Lounge. "Linux is great, but until its 'year of the desktop' truly arrives, I think the size of a Linux market remains too small.
"Plus, I can't imagine that behind closed doors at Microsoft there could be consensus that they make that big a concession to Linux's presence.... yet," yagu added.
Meanwhile, "it seems to me that Microsoft these days is making lots of spaghetti, throwing it on the wall and seeing if anything sticks," they mused. "Deep pockets will keep them going for a long time, but there are lots of trends they should see as disturbing: Chrome OS, Android phones and ultimately the irrelevance of an Office Suite."
After all, "how many people care much beyond the functionality available in Google Docs?" yagu wondered. "By the time MS decides Office for Linux, it's possible no one may care anymore."
Bottom line: "I'd be dumbstruck if Microsoft created Office for Linux," yagu concluded.
'Their Only Real Solution'
"It's not going to happen," asserted Linux Rants blogger Mike Stone. "What will happen is Office will come to Android."
Microsoft is in a dangerous position in which it could lose its office suite dominance "purely due to so many people moving off of traditional PCs," Stone explained. "People want to be able to edit on mobile devices like tablets or phones, but Microsoft hasn't got an Office presence there."
So, "short of Windows 8 phones and tablets suddenly becoming dominant in the mobile market like in Ballmer's dreams, Microsoft is going to need a way to keep people roped into their own version of Office," they concluded. "Microsoft Office for Android and iOS is their only real solution.
"Office for Linux would be great for Linux, I think, but Linux just doesn't have the desktop position to make Microsoft move on it," they added.
'Profits Could Be Significant'
Mobile Raptor blogger Robin Lim actually checked that out for himself.
"I logged into Statcounter's Global Stats service, and Linux usage is reportedly 0.89 percent from November 2012 til today," Lim told Linux Girl. "I really do not see Microsoft porting Office to an operating system with a 1 to 2 percent market share."
Moreover, "if Microsoft Office for Linux were released, Microsoft would only get a fraction of the Linux user base," Lim predicted. "I can imagine many Linux users will stick with LibreOffice and OpenOffice."
Of course, "with the number of PCs in the world, 1 to 2 percent is several million PCs per year, so profits could still be significant," they pointed out. "However, such a move would make Linux a more viable solution for more users and ironically would cannibalize Windows operating system sales."
Office for Android and iOS, on the other hand, "would be something that Microsoft should do," Lim agreed. "With the number of users on iOS and Android tablets growing every year, the absence of Microsoft Office on Android and iOS will result in more and more persons realizing that there is life beyond Microsoft Office."
'They Are Too Stuck on Windows'
Google+ blogger Kevin O'Brien was also "very skeptical," they told Linux Girl.
"Microsoft's strategy is all about 'lock-in,' and they use Office to help maintain their Windows market share," O'Brien explained. "I just don't see why this would be in their interest.
"As for me, I think LibreOffice is the best suite available, and I am sticking with it,"he added.
And again: "I can't imagine Microsoft doing this, even though it's probably a good idea," consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack opined. "They are too stuck on Windows to ever bother."
'I Remain Skeptical'
Chris Travers, a blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project, was last employed by Microsoft a decade ago, they told Linux Girl.
"The culture is likely to have changed since then, but when I was there the whole goal was to move more stuff onto Windows exclusively rather than away," they noted. "When I was there, for example, Hotmail was moved from Qmail and BSD onto Windows."
At the same time, "when I was there, there would have been absolutely no chance of Microsoft contributions to the Linux kernel (which are now happening) or to Samba (also occurring now) and the like," Travers pointed out. "Microsoft has been moving in positive directions here."
Nonetheless, "I remain a bit skeptical that even if Microsoft is discussing this internally, that it will result in an Office port at this time," Travers opined. "Such a move would have significant strategic costs for Microsoft in terms of lowering the barrier of adoption of Linux, and so I don't think it would happen."
'Another Product to Sell'
Still, "there are a few reasons they might consider it," Travers admitted:
"Office may be a significant driver of improvements to Wine and Crossover Office," they noted. "A native port might slow down further erosion of the general barriers to adoption." "This gives them another product to sell, and there are influential governments and companies that have gone to Linux on the desktop, although they are still rare," they added.
In the end, though, "I will believe it when I see it," Travers concluded.
'Keep the Cash Cow Delivering'
Indeed, "M$'s OS is having a shrinking share, possibly actually losing seats very soon because old PCs may not be replaced with Wintel," blogger Robert Pogson pointed out. "M$ has lock-in with businesses who may well go to GNU/Linux."
So, "by porting the office suite, M$ hopes to keep the cash cow delivering," they explained. "The office suite makes much more money for them than the OS. '8' is a tragic failure, so the move to ARM is not there for the OS."
In short, "M$'s only room to expand or to hold share is to port the office suite,"Pogson concluded.
'Of Course They Must'
"The fact that micro$oft would eventually be thinking of coming to Linux is nothing more than a proof that Linux is everything they have been denying, i.e. GROWING STEADILY in all segments: desktops, portables and smartphones," agreed Google+ blogger Gonzalo Velasco C.
"So, as a market issue, of course they must do such a move, eventually," they added. "M$ Office is not only their most famous product, but also the one that gives them the higher revenue."
Last but never least, Slashdot blogger hairyfeet wondered how much it really matters.
'The Uptake Hasn't Been There'
"Who cares?" hairyfeet asked Linux Girl. "Is there anybody having trouble running it now? Last I checked Crossover was as simple as 'clicky clicky next next next,' and all but the latest version IIRC runs great. So, if they do, fine; if not, who cares?
"When I was running xandros, I ran both MS Office 2K and 2K3 and it ran great," hairyfeet recalled. "I was told Office 2K7 ran even better, and I honestly haven't seen any real selling points for 2K10 and later -- the uptake just hasn't been there, at least with my customers."
Bottom line: "If you are an average home user, LibreOffice works fine, and if you are a business that needs MS Office you are probably either running Windows or Crossover, so it won't affect you there, either," hairyfeet concluded.
Katherine Noyes has been writing from behind Linux Girl's cape since late 2007, but they know how to be a reporter in real life, too. She's particularly interested in space, science, open source software and geeky things in general. You can also find them on Twitter and Google+.
David N. Reznick is professor of biology at the University of California, Riverside. Their latest book is "The Origin Then and Now: An Interpretive Guide to the Origin of Species."
Editor's Note: The so-called Scopes Monkey Trial concluded on July 21, 1925, making this year the trial's eighty-fifth anniversary. HNN is pleased to present two articles, one by an evolutionary biologist, the other by a humanist, to mark the occasion.
On weekend mornings I get up at sunrise and run up the Box Springs Mountains. Lately there has been a marine layer of clouds that lock in cold, moist air at lower elevations. As I run up through the cloud layer I can feel the clouds dissipate and see them break up into a fine, particulate mist as the sun shines through, then I emerge into a warm, sunny day at higher elevations. Since the valleys are completely obscured by the cloud layer, I can run along the crest line and imagine that I am in a remote wilderness, rather than on an island surrounded by suburbs. Two Sundays ago, as I descended back into the clouds, I saw a man ahead of me wearing a black t-shirt with “Science Rules!” printed on the back in bold, white letters. I don't like to stop, but I could not resist asking about them or the t-shirt. They explained that they were a member of the Skeptic Society and that they occasional met on Sunday mornings to take hikes together. When I mentioned that I was an evolutionary biologist, they replied that, while they were a fan of science, they had problems with evolution. That was the end of my run. I asked them about their doubts and tried to answer their questions as we walked down together. Answering all their questions was easy since they were mostly familiar—“If evolution is gradual, then why are species so distinct?” or “How can a gradual process explain the origin of complex traits?” A peculiar attribute of evolutionary biology is that, even though it is an arcane science, many people have opinions about it, much more so, I think, than any other science. Why?
The occasion of the eighty-fifth anniversary of the Scopes trial offers some basis for reflection on the peculiar status of evolution. The trial was neither the beginning nor the end of the public debate over Darwin's theory. We could place the beginning at the British Association for the Advancement of Science meeting that took place in Oxford in 1860, where Thomas Huxley and Bishop Samuel Wilberforce squared off on a public debate of the newborn theory of evolution by natural selection. The end of the debate is not in sight. The Scopes trial instead stands out as a benchmark that adds an American flavor to the controversy, which is to blur the division between science and religion in the public classroom. The near-term impact was for evolution to recede from science textbooks. Evolution did not come back in force until the post-Sputnik era, when the U.S. enhanced science and math education. This renaissance was short-lived and we have returned to the conditions that surrounded the Scopes trial.
So why is there such persistent controversy about evolution? At one level, we always hear that evolution is “just a theory.” This descriptor reveals a misunderstanding of the word “theory.” An unabridged dictionary offers several definitions of the word, with the appropriate one being dependent on context. In colloquial use, theory means speculation, but when used by scientists it means something like the articulation of a general principle that unites a diversity of phenomena under a single explanatory framework, such as Newton's theory of universal gravitation. Darwin's evolution by natural selection fulfills this goal. But the source of skepticism cannot be this simple. We all have heard of the theory of relativity, but we never see headlines like “Relativity—fact or fiction?” No one debates how the theory of relativity is taught in physics classes, nor is a physicist ever likely to bump into some stranger who expresses doubts about relativity. Some argue that skepticism about evolution is instead a measure of the inadequacy of science education. We can certainly do better in teaching science in our public schools, but this is not a good answer either, since all science can be better taught but no other area of science attracts such scrutiny.
A better answer, for which the Scopes trial is a symbol, is that the theory of evolution has been a consistent target of religiously motivated propaganda campaigns. Two well-funded institutes—the Creation Science Institute and the Discovery Institute—are devoted to churning out anti-evolution literature. The former arose in the 1960s and was built on “creation science,” while the latter arose to promote “intelligent design” after creation science was discredited by repeated court battles. The Dover trial revealed that intelligent design is just thinly disguised creation science. A product of the efforts of these institutes and those who support their views is that most people have heard dozens of times that there is something wrong with the theory of evolution, so it is natural to be skeptical about evolution.
The arguments against evolution have changed little over the decades. A persistent favorite is the mystery of the origin of complex, seemingly perfect structures like the eye. The argument today is very much the one made by Archdeacon William Paley in their Natural Theology (1802), which is that when we see evidence of design in nature, then we also see evidence for the existence of the designer. Now that the genetic basis of eye development is emerging from the fog, some have shifted instead to the mystery of the bacterial flagellum. Otherwise, the argument is the same. These arguments are reinforced by occasional scientists or philosophers and historians of science who argue that natural selection is the product of circular reasoning. All of these arguments have been refuted, but they persist.
A consequence of the controversy is that every time I step in front of a lecture hall full of students, I can count on many of them being doubters of the theory. It also means that evolutionary biologists will often encounter people who have thought about and are skeptical of evolution, so evolutionary biologists feel more of a need to explain themselves in a way than those who represent any other branch of science. One response was to write books that counter the arguments against evolution, to little effect. The bicentennial of Darwin's birth has brought on a different wave of books. Evolutionary biologists are now more inclined to just write about evolution and to present it in a light that makes it more accessible to a general public. We are all wondering who the silent majority really is and how to reach them. Our hope is that some of them are skeptics who are willing to read a well-crafted presentation of science and evaluate its virtues with an open mind. Some historians and philosophers have helped by articulating how evolution fits in to the development of science, but also by dealing with the relationship between science and religion as a topic for the humanities classroom, rather than the science classroom. We need the help, so I encourage my colleagues in the humanities to expand these efforts.
HNN Special: The Scopes Trial at 85
