History has largely forgotten that the former Liberal leader, whose detailed policy manifesto Fightback! was dubbed the "longest suicide note" in Australian political history when they lost the "unloseable" election to Keating's Labor in 1993, was championing the cause of climate change all the way back then.
Former Liberal leader turned climate change activist John Hewson. Credit:Peter Braig
"I had a very significant climate policy back in '93 which I'm sure nobody read because they were distracted by something called the GST. I called for 20 per cent cut in emissions by year 2000 on a 1990 base. Here we are still debating 5 per cent by 2020. I think the country's lost the best part of 30 years in terms of making the essential urgent response. From a business point of view that's 30 years of lost opportunity."
Since then, climate change policy has brought about the downfall of three leaders, including Turnbull's first tilt at the Liberal leadership, when it was wielded to great political effect in the hands of former prime minister and famous climate sceptic Tony Abbott.
Dr Hewson, these days a business person and renewable energy advocate, said they had been surprised by the lack of focus on climate change in this federal campaign, given the resurgence the issue is experiencing among voters, and urged bipartisanship to tackle the problem.
WHY it is the ‘Season of the Imagination', the sad state of affairs with Fahid Ben Khalfallah and how Perth have changed the story of the season.
Here's my review of the weekend action in my Random Thoughts column.
BEST
We've had “Season of the Marquee” - 2012/13, a little Italian, crafty Japanese and big Englishman made it so.
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
We've had “Season of the Striker” - was what we witnessed last campaign, with Berisha, Fornaroli and MacLaren banging in goals for fun.
Then call this the “Season of the Imagination”.
No, I'm not talking about imagining new teams, robot refs or fans singing witty lyrics in reference to the opposition – instead of resorting to the staple in the songbook for simpletons “**** off *insert team” (repeat x 12)
No!
Right now, we're in the midst of a creativity period with the best players being the ones that are seeing things that mere mortals don't.
Marco Rojas, James Troisi, Diego Castro and Milos Ninkovic. Put any of those four in any other team, and automatically that team becomes a bigger attacking threat.
Who's best? Well, they're all worth paying to watch on their day, which is a regular occurrence at the minute, but by virtue of playing in a team that has lost once Milos Ninkovic is that man.
A big discussion looms – how do Sydney keeps the guy? He's worth marquee status, without question. Will that be enough? If Qatar came calling with cash last off-season, does that mean...
It's probably a negotiation that starts after Sydney's season is done but Sydney will have to throw the dough, and at the same time hope Mrs Ninkovic stays in love with the city.
Hope they do, because Mr Ninkovic is a joy to watch.
LEAST good
The sight of a fully fit player, worthy of the best XI status, watching from the stands doesn't make sense.
Sure, the reasons are easily explained.
But that doesn't make the situation right; Fahid Ben Khalfallah sitting in the stands, fully fit, itching to play, but unable to due to a club decision.
As FBK (love the acronym, sounds dramatic) relayed to Robbie Slater, who in turn relayed to the viewers on Saturday night, a contract trigger looms if the Tunisian international players a few more games.
It is a call Melbourne Victory are well within their rights to make – in their opinion FBK may be worthy of first XI status this season, but next? They want to move on.
The big question is why on earth do clubs allow such clauses in contracts? It may help backend contracts, but like leaving the dishes overnight to do the next morning, it just delays the inevitable.
According to one agent, the practice is dying off overseas but is still relevant with A-League clubs. Sooner the day it becomes extinct here, the better. Just hope for Victory's sake, it doesn't cost them dearly this season.
UNSUNG
Don't know how referees think – they're cut from different cloth to be brave enough to do what they do – but Chris Beath may be thankful for the idiots in the crowd last week who hogged all the headlines due to their infantile behavior. By Monday, a discussion about the missed pens in the Sydney Derby was harder to find than a bottle-o in Riyadh.
THAT ALL NOT SAID… one thing remains a mystery; why wasn't the best ref doing the game?
Jarred Gillett is that best ref (Perth fans, it still hurts, doesn't it?).
They proved it again on Friday night. Their communication with the players is first rate, and they remain the least likely to commit a howler. Provided they are not mocked by such praise, which is entirely possible, surely they get all the big games from here on in.
SURPRISE
Perth to third? That happened quickly. Not saying they are a one-man team, but they wouldn't be third without Diego Castro.
That's an irrelevant point if there ever was one because they DO have them - and how good is they to watch!
The run to the finals is not a simple one – Glory meet all of the teams around them; Victory away, Sydney, Brisbane and Melbourne City at home.
Finishing third or fourth is crucial for them - too inconsistent away from home this season, they need that first home final, then go to Sydney or Victory and aim for a boil over to make the decider.
UNSURPRISE
Not an A-League issue, but a comment on something very relevant to Australia football - the whisper about Ange Postecoglou becoming a target of the richest club football has ever seen – “Unnamed Chinese Club FC”
It is known last October and November Shanghai Shenhua were aggressively pursuing a new boss, and amongst other candidates “more than one” Australian was approached (they went for Gus Poyet in the end). While Ange's name wasn't linked, one can only imagine he'd be near the top of any list involving Australians.
Unless there's a complete breakdown in relations with the FFA – and that doesn't seem to be anywhere near the truth now – it's hard to see them going anywhere until after the World Cup, at which time they will go. Unless we win it. Come on, it's the ‘Season of the Imagination'.
Berger recently released a new 6.5mm 130gr Hybrid bullet. Bryan Litz, Chief Ballistician at Berger Bullets, told me “This bullet was optimized for magazine length ammo based on the popularity of the 6.5mm cartridges in PRS competition.” 6.5mm cartridges like the 6.5 Creedmoor, 6.5×47 Lapua, and 260 Remington are very popular in those types of competitions (see the full list of the most popular cartridges). In PRS events, multiple targets are engaged at each stage, often within a ridiculously short amount of time … so magazine feeding is a must. Bryan and the team at Berger created a bullet optimized for this particular application.
I wanted to share an article Bryan wrote explaining the design behind this new bullet, but here is a quick summary of the benefits:
Won't have to partially push the nose below the case mouth to fit be able to fit in a magazine (can be an issue with longer 140gr bullets)
Doesn't take up as much of the internal case volume as 140gr bullets, which gives room for more powder and can translate to higher muzzle velocities.
Minimal air gap in front of the nose for a shorter OAL
Hybrid design isn't as sensitive to seating depth changes or jump between the bullet and rifling. This means you don't have to tune your seating depth as much as your barrel wears.
Bryan tells us “A bullet weight of 130 grains is an optimal balance between external ballistic performance (BC) and internal case capacity considerations which translate into muzzle velocity. … Although this design is length constrained, the combination of a hybrid ogive and 7 degree Boat Tail produce a very respectable G7 form factor of 0.920 which is within 1% of the popular 6mm 105 grain Hybrid.”
Comparison to Popular Bullets
Here is a quick side-by-side comparison of this new bullet with other popular precision rifle bullets. (Note: All of these values came from Ballistic Performance of Rifle Bullets by Bryan Litz, which contains BC data based on live fire testing methods that are repeatable within +/- 1%. It's an excellent reference for things like this.)
Bullet G7 BC G1 BC G7 Form Factor Sectional Density (lb/in²) NEW Berger 6.5mm 130gr AR Hybrid 0.290 0.564 0.920 0.267 Berger 6.5mm 140gr Hybrid 0.319 0.622 0.899 0.287 Hornady 6.5mm 140gr A-Max 0.299 0.583 0.961 0.287 Lapua 6.5mm 136gr Lapua Scenar L 0.288 0.560 0.969 0.279 Lapua 6.5mm 139gr Lapua Scenar 0.290 0.564 0.983 0.285 Berger 6mm 105gr Hybrid 0.279 0.545 0.909 0.254
While most shooters aren't as familiar with form factor as they are BC, form factor can be an invaluable tool when evaluating long-range bullets. Berger tells us “Going by BC alone can be deceptive since BC includes the weight and caliber of the bullet. … Unlike BC, knowledge of form factors is universal among all calibers and weights of bullets. A G7 form factor of 0.920 is excellent for any bullet, be it .22 cal, 6mm, or .338 caliber.” A G7 form factor below 0.95 is considered “Very Low Drag,” and that is always my goal when looking for a good long-range bullet. The lower the better!
Compared to the popular Berger 140gr Hybrid, the new 130gr bullet is almost 10% shorter and 7% lighter, but the form factor was only affected by 2%! Did you catch that? That's a big deal. They were able to design a bullet that was shorter and lighter, but the drag was still within 2% of the 140gr Hybrid bullet. In fact, you can see that the 130gr Hybrid has even less drag than the Hornady 140gr A-Max and both Lapua Scenar bullets … by a fairly wide margin.
Long-Range Ballistics Comparison
Another good way to compare bullets is to look at their down-range ballistics. So I ran ballistics on all of these popular 6.5mm bullets, while essentially holding chamber pressure constant. Bryan shared this formula with me, which can help you estimate the change in muzzle velocity for bullets of a different weight.
For example, let's say our 140gr bullet had a muzzle velocity of 2,800 fps. That is what the average muzzle velocity was for the top 50 shooters in the PRS using 140gr bullets, so it is a good assumption. Here is how we'd estimate what the muzzle velocity would be for our 130gr bullet to maintain relative chamber pressure.
So we'll estimate our lighter 130gr bullet to have a muzzle velocity of 2906 fps. We'd expect lighter bullets to have a higher muzzle velocity. I did this same calculation for the popular bullets, and then ran the ballistics on each of them out to 1200 yards. Here are the results:
You can see when it comes to drop, the new 130gr Hybrid bullet clearly wins out to 1200 yards. The higher BC bullets might eventually overtake it, but not within the supersonic range of the cartridges we're talking about.
But, the 140gr Hybrid has less wind drift at 800 yards and beyond. It is just a couple of tenths of a mil, but it is there. The 130gr Hybrid did as well as any other bullet though, despite being a full 10 grains lighter than some of them. That is impressive.
What this tells me is if you are engaging unknown distance targets, or when you have some amount of range uncertainty … the flatter-shooting 130gr Hybrid may be the best choice.
Now let's take look at a WEZ analysis of the top two bullets. For those of you that aren't familiar with WEZ, it is an analysis tool developed by the team at Applied Ballistics. It runs a Monte Carlo simulation to evaluate your probability of getting a hit at long-range based on defined inputs and uncertainties. For more details on it, check out this post.
I also ran this analysis on a target at 1000 yards, and the results were very similar. The 140gr Hybrid just gives you a slight advantage in ballistics, which translates to a slightly better hit probability.
It seems like if you are having problems loading your 140gr bullets to magazine length, then you might check out the new 130gr bullet. It does have less drop within the supersonic range of the popular mid-size 6.5mm cartridges like the 6.5 Creedmoor, 6.5×47 Lapua, and 260 Rem, which can be an advantage. But as the wind chart and WEZ analysis showed, the 140gr Hybrid still provides slightly more performance when it comes to wind drift and overall hit percentage.
To learn more about the 130gr Hybrid, check out this article that Bryan wrote on the why behind the design choices: http://www.bergerbullets.com/new-65-130gr-ar-hybrid-otm-tactical/
More New Bullets to Come
One of the most exciting parts of this whole release, is the fact that Berger is once again producing new bullets. Berger says:
“For the past few years the Berger Bullets team has had to put all new product projects on hold due to overwhelming demand for our existing product lines exceeding our production capacity. The 6.5mm 130gr Match AR Hybrid OTM Tactical bullet was one such project. Tooling was made for this new design just before the industry surge took place in late 2012. Finally, thanks to new machinery coming online and the industry surge beginning to calm down, we are able to release designs that have been in the works for several years now. This is the first of many new designs that will be introduced in the coming years.”
That gets me excited! I've noticed over the years that cartridge popularity is largely driven by bullet selection. So new bullets tend to shake things up and open new possibilities … especially new Berger bullets. I can't wait to see what they come out with next!
© Copyright 2019 PrecisionRifleBlog.com, All Rights Reserved.
Was March a simple breather after an exuberant few months of hiring or a worrying sign of a slowing Massachusetts economy?
After adding 30,000 new jobs since the presidential election, employers in Massachusetts expanded payrolls by a meager 200 positions in March. The state unemployment rate ticked up to 3.6 percent from 3.4 percent in February, the Massachusetts Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development said Thursday.
Monthly data can fluctuate, and economists and business leaders said it will be important to see what happens in the coming months, but there are some signs that the state economy is softening.
Advertisement
Nationally too, employment growth in March proved to be disappointing with the economy adding just 98,000 jobs, far below the 180,000 jobs labor experts had predicted.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Difficulty finding the right workers in a tight labor market, along with uncertainty about whether the Trump administration and the Republican Congress can pass their probusiness agenda after the recent failure to change the health care law, may be causing companies to hit pause, economists said.
“Seeing this one month certainly raises eyebrows,” said Chris Geehern, an executive vice president of the Associated Industries of Massachusetts, a business group that represents many employers.
“It's not a a panic type of thing, but there is a deceleration. . . . All those issues swirling around D.C. will affect employers. They may want to see a clearer playing field before they expand,” Geehern said.
Still, employers are also facing other everyday challenges that could be holding down job growth.
Advertisement
Unemployment remains low — in Massachusetts, it's almost a full percentage point below the national average of 4.5 percent in March. But even with more people coming back into an improved labor market, they aren't necessarily available candidates, said Alan Clayton-Matthews, an associate economics professor at Northeastern University.
The number of residents 16 years or older who worked or were actively looking for work increased by nearly 1 percentage point compared with March 2016, according to the state.
“We've been expecting a slowdown in hiring simply because there's a looming shortage of workers,” Clayton-Matthews said. “There is the labor force restraint.”
Earlier this month in its latest survey of businesses in Boston and New England, the Federal Reserve noted that hiring struggles continued to hamper companies.
One firm that has been expanding its labor force because of a new product said nearly two thirds of applicants for assembly line jobs were screened out because they failed the math and drug tests, and that of the 400 workers who were hired, only 180 of them worked out.
Advertisement
“What we hear from our clients is that they have jobs openings but the candidates don't have the right skills sets, from truck drivers to software application developers,” said Paul Bolger, president of Massachusetts Capital Resource Co., which invests in mid-sized companies throughout the state.
Still businesses remain upbeat, though perhaps their hopes for health care overhaul, significant government investment in infrastructure and a friendlier tax system have been tempered by the political gridlock in Washington.
Bruce Van Saun, chief executive of Providence-based Citizens Financial Group Inc., said the bank fielded plenty of commercial loan inquiries from clients earlier this year, but companies have been more reluctant to take out large loans and invest in expansions.
Businesses are borrowing to lock in lower rates and fees, but not necessarily plowing money into more positions, new equipment or bigger plants, they said.
“With the initial outcome after election, I think there was a real heightened sense of optimism and confidence that we'd get a higher growth rate in the economy,” Van Saun said.
“The optimism is still there, but it hasn't translated into action. The key question for the second half of the year is, will the optimism hold,'' they said.
Clayton-Matthews said they expect Massachusetts employers to continue adding jobs, but they predict at a more measured pace
“It will pick up, but at a slower rate than before,” they said.
Deirdre Fernandes can be reached at deirdre.fernandes-@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @fernandesglobe
Shoppers buy fruit and vegetables from market stalls, on the north side of Dublin, Ireland October 2nd, 2010. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
DUBLIN (Reuters) - Irish consumer sentiment inched up in July to its highest level in 17 months, a survey showed on Monday, on strong economic growth and signs consumers may be a little less worried about the economic impact of Brexit.
The KBC Bank Ireland/ESRI Consumer Sentiment Index climbed to 105.1 in July from 105.0 in June, its highest level since February last year, though well below the 15-year high of 108.6 posted in January 2016.
Ireland's economy has been the best performing in Europe for the past three years, with unemployment falling sharply and house prices rising.
Concerns about neighbouring Britain's vote to leave the European Union last June have weighed on sentiment, but the authors said there were signs concerns were easing.
Fears that U.S. President Donald Trump planned tax reform might damage Ireland's foreign-investment dependent economy also appear to be abating, amid a legislative logjam in Washington, said Austin Hughes, KBC Bank Ireland Chief Economist.
“Our sense is that Irish consumers had braced themselves for some fallout from Brexit and/or changed U.S. economic policies but the first half of 2017 has proven notably less traumatic for the Irish economy than may have been feared,” they said.
While consumers view of the overall economy was strong, there was a slight fall in consumers' views of their personal financial position in July compared with the previous month.
“Our sense is that this reflects limited income growth and the perception that they are not sharing adequately in the widely heralded economic recovery,” Hughes said.
(CNN) As search teams continued Tuesday to look for 10 American sailors missing after a Navy warship collided with a commercial tanker east of Singapore -- the latest in a series of similar incidents in the Pacific -- the US defense brass wants answers.
Following the collision Monday between the USS John S. McCain, a guided-missile destroyer, and the merchant vessel, Defense Secretary James Mattis said they support the decision by Adm. John Richardson, chief of naval operations, to conduct a "comprehensive review" of recent US Navy collisions.
The aim will be "to determine any of the causal factors, to determine what's going on -- both immediate contributors to this incident but also any related factors."
The collision left major damage to the port side of the USS John S. McCain, seen here in Singapore.
The US 7th Fleet said search efforts are being focused on an area east of the Straits of Malacca and Singapore.
Richardson said in a Facebook statement that they have asked Adm. Phil Davidson, commander of US Fleet Forces Command, to take charge of the investigation, which will include a review of "the process by which we train and certify our forces that are forward-deployed in Japan to make sure that we're doing everything we can to make them ready for operations and war fighting."
The probe will also examine operational tempo and "trends in personnel, material, maintenance and equipment," they said. "It will also include a review of how we train and certify our surface warfare community, including tactical and navigational proficiency."
Richardson said there is no indication at this time that the incident was caused by cyberintrusion or sabotage, but the review will consider all possibilities.
"We are looking at every possibility so we are not leaving anything to chance there," they said.
'Forceful action'
Richardson is ordering a one-day pause in operations, allowing fleet leaders and commanders to take measures to "ensure safe and effective operations around the world," they said.
"This is the second collision in three months and is the last in a series of incidents in the Pacific theater. This trend demands more forceful action," Richardson said.
The pause is a one-day safety stand-down that will be done on a rotational basis over the course of a couple of weeks, at the discretion of individual commands, a source told CNN.
"The emphasis of that is really to take a look at the fundamentals, at the unit and team level, to make sure that we are not overlooking anything ... the basic seamanship, airmanship, those sorts of things: teamwork, how we do business on the bridge, the fundamentals," Richardson told reporters on Monday.
"We want to do this pretty briskly. My direction will be about a week we should execute all of this, and then we'll roll those up and capture any lessons learned and roll those back out," they said.
The 7th Fleet said the McCain collided with the merchant vessel Alnic MC while the destroyer was making its way to a port in Singapore. The collision was reported at 5:24 a.m. local time, east of the Malacca Strait, one of the world's most congested shipping routes.
The Navy reported significant hull damage to the McCain, saying there was flooding in berthing compartments as well as machinery and communication rooms.
After the accident, President Donald Trump arrived at the White House on Marine One and told reporters of the collision, "That's too bad." They and Vice President Mike Pence also tweeted that their thoughts and prayers were with the sailors aboard the destroyer.
Sen. John McCain joined them and thanked the rescue crews for their service. The destroyer is named for the senator's father and grandfather, both of whom were Navy admirals. The senator was a captain in the Navy.
Our Armed Forces are the best of us; heroes all. Our prayers & prayers of the U.S people are w/ our @USNavy sailors of the #USSJohnSMcCain. https://t.co/0xY1ci95rr — Vice President Pence (@VP) August 21, 2017
Thoughts & prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the #USSJohnSMcCain where search & rescue efforts are underway. https://t.co/DQU0zTRXNU — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 21, 2017
Cindy & I are keeping America's sailors aboard the USS John S McCain in our prayers tonight - appreciate the work of search & rescue crews https://t.co/jzk9giXbfg — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) August 21, 2017
Pacific naval impact
The collision comes at a time of high tensions in the Pacific.
JUST WATCHED Search on for missing sailors Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Search on for missing sailors 01:36
The McCain is equipped with the Aegis missile defense system, which has been touted as a possible counter to any North Korean missile launch.
A US 7th Fleet spokesperson said the McCain is one of 14 Aegis-equipped ships the Navy has forward-deployed to Japan and it plans to add another next year. The US Navy has 84 vessels equipped with the Aegis system.
Cmdr. Clay Doss said the United States has a mixture of ships and aircraft available to cover all missions even without the McCain or USS Fitzgerald, the McCain's sister ship that was damaged in a June collision.
The US military and South Korea began 10-day military exercises Monday , as scheduled. The annual drills antagonize Pyongyang, which issued a statement Sunday that military exercises are "reckless behavior driving the situation into the uncontrollable phase of a nuclear war."
The McCain's last high-profile mission came earlier this month when it performed a freedom-of-navigation exercise near a Chinese-claimed island in the South China Sea.
Search and rescue
No fuel or oil was seen on the water near the ship after the collision as it steamed under its own power to Changi Naval Base in Singapore, the Navy said.
Malaysian officials said their ships and aircraft had joined the search for the missing sailors.
The search area encompassed 100 nautical square miles, they said, describing sea conditions as rough, with waves up to 1 meter (3.2 feet) high.
In addition to the 10 missing sailors, the Navy said five were injured in the collision. Four of those were flown by a Singapore navy helicopter to a hospital in Singapore, where they were treated for injuries not considered life-threatening, the Navy said.
US helicopters and Marine Corps Osprey aircraft from the amphibious assault ship USS America were joining search-and-rescue efforts along with Singaporean ships and helicopters, the Navy said.
Rocky year for Navy
On June 17, the USS Fitzgerald collided with a container ship off the coast of Japan. That collision resulted in the deaths of seven US sailors. The Fitzgerald will be transported to the United States for repairs.
On May 9, the guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain was struck by a small fishing boat off the Korean Peninsula.
And in late January, the guided-missile cruiser USS Antietam ran aground while trying to anchor in Tokyo Bay. Authorities at Yokosuka Naval Base said the Antietam remains out of action.
Experts: 'Navy is not looking good'
Military experts said the latest incident calls into question the Navy's training and will likely lead to changes in the Navy's leadership.
"I can almost guarantee you that there will be a tumultuous shake-up in the senior leadership of at least the 7th Fleet and maybe the Navy in general," CNN military analyst Rick Francona said.
"The Navy is not looking good about now, especially when we need those ... Aegis-equipped ships for possible ballistic missile defense in a North Korean scenario," they added.
In a report on the Fitzgerald collision released last week, the Navy said it would review its training and qualification procedures.
"The collision was avoidable and both ships demonstrated poor seamanship. Within Fitzgerald, flawed watch stander teamwork and inadequate leadership contributed to the collision," a 7th Fleet statement said.
Oil tanker 'three times bigger'
The oil and chemical tanker Alnic MC after Monday's collision off Johor, Malaysia.
Carl Schuster, a former director of operations at the US Pacific Command's Joint Intelligence Center, said the oil tanker would have been at least three times bigger than the USS John S. McCain.
"Oil tankers are huge, and it takes miles for them to change course," they said.
"When you're going into a congested channel, you're supposed to be very alert, track ships around you to a very meticulous degree."
The Malacca Strait , which runs between Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore, is the world's second-busiest waterway, according to the World Economic Forum. The collision took place in waters to the east of the Malacca Strait, US authorities said.
At a press conference, Malaysian authorities said both ships were heading toward Singapore from the South China Sea when the collision occurred. They described the area as very busy, with some 80,000 ships passing through it every year.
Both ships should have reported to what the Malaysian authorities called a maritime "traffic separation scheme," essentially air traffic control for ships.
Francona said no matter what the tanker did, the faster, nimbler US destroyer should have been able to avoid a collision.
"How does a state-of-the-art Navy destroyer -- equipped with multiple radar systems and communications gear with a full bridge watch -- not see, detect and evade a 30,000-ton slow-moving (10 knots) behemoth?" Francona asked.
No injuries on tanker
KD Handalan, SuperLynx, kapal APMM dan pesawat TUDM dikerah bantu SAR 10 anggota #USSJohnSMcCain yg hilang setelah berlanggar Timur Johor pic.twitter.com/UrrJd3AsCf — Chief of Navy - PTL (@mykamarul) August 21, 2017
A US Navy official told CNN the McCain had experienced a loss of steering before the collision, but that steering had been regained.
Merchant marine websites describe the Alnic MC as a 600-foot-long oil tanker flying a Liberian flag.
The Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore said the Alnic sustained damage to a tank at its bow, about 7 meters (23 feet) above the waterline. No one was injured on the tanker, it said, and no oil spill was reported.
The vessel is 505 feet long and displaces about 9,000 tons.
In most films, the scenery is merely a backdrop–the second fiddle to the dramatic tension between characters. But in others, the environment plays a leading role. For architecture buffs, few get better than Blade Runner‘s dystopian vision of L.A.
advertisement
advertisement
In 1995, Japanese director Mamoru Oshii released Ghost in the Shell, an anime film that portrayed a not-so-distant future that was wrestling with the onslaught of technology. Like Blade Runner, whose visuals inspired Oshii, the film depicts a mixture of slick newness alongside decaying remnants from the past. And while slivers of the scenery only appear on screen momentarily, they reflect a remarkable level of detail and craft in their production. The Museum of Architectural Drawing, in Berlin, is currently hosting an exhibition called Anime Architecture, which delves into the renderings of urban architecture that appear in three films Oshii directed: Patlabor, Ghost in the Shell, and Innocence. All of the works on view are hand-drawn or hand-painted, and mostly originate from the '80s and '90s–a time when computer-generated animation was beginning to change how films were produced. Why are these illustrations worthy of the museum treatment? Co.Design spoke with the exhibition's curator, Stefan Riekeles, about the architecture and urbanism of anime. Co.Design: How did you become interested in analyzing anime through architecture?
Stefan Riekeles: I became interested in the whole animation culture by seeing the artists at work in their studios in Tokyo. I was helping another curator who was commissioned for a show at the Japan Society in New York to research anime culture around 2007 and 2008. I was lucky and was able to visit all of the artists' studios and have a look at their archives. Until that moment I didn't really care about Japanese animation. As soon as I saw their work, and the drawings, I was very interested. These incredible illustrations are only visible for a few seconds on film, but you could look at them for hours. I was mainly interested in background art. Each scene has one background made from many, many layers of animated film. I was always more interested in the scenery than the characters. What was the creative process behind these scenes?
With this exhibition we were focused on the films of Mamoru Oshii, who is very interested in the the transformation of megacities in Asia. When the bubble in Japan crashed at the end of the '80s, China took over [as a dominant economic force] and its rapid economic growth and the growth of the cities led to a lot of discord in the '90s. (Editor's note: A famous exhibition called Cities on the Move examined what was happening in terms of urban development and highlighted the changes Oshii was responding to.)
advertisement
It's like a documentary, but made in drawings. As an animator, Oshii reflected on the change of their environment through film. A high-rise would be built and after 10 years, it would be taken down and replaced by a bigger one. And in these three films of their we're focusing on, the theme is related to architecture. They used a special method to produce the “world,” or the setting. It was rare to have a scouting team checking out locations, photographing them, and sketching a lot, like they did. Their environments are very realistic. It's not like a fantasy world. It's set in a real city, which is transformed and remodeled in the drawing. The artists started mostly with photographs and then the second step is the layout–or line drawings–and then comes color via the background painting. There's an additional process to figuring out the overall color and mood of the film. For each cut in Ghost in the Shell, you can almost use exactly one photograph [the location scouts took] as a reference. The images are shot in black-and-white film so as not to interfere with the vision of the painter who colors in the backgrounds. The photograph is just to bring in the architecture and the structure. To give the whole art team an idea about the structure of the story, there could be thousands of photographs. There are a lot of photos and drawings made for the film that are never visible [in the final movie], they're just there to create the setting. And the photographs are real locations like Tokyo or Hong Kong—Ghost in the Machine is set in Hong Kong—but then in some films you have locations which are fictional and cannot be photographed and for these the same amount of drawings are made. It's like a documentary, but made in drawings. How do the artists meld their present-day surroundings with these visions of the future?
Ghost in the Shell was kind of an homage to Blade Runner. Some shots are almost copies of Blade Runner scenes. In Blade Runner, L.A. was infused with an Asian flavor to make it exotic, strange, and set it off from the present. Gadgets show the city's mechanical transformation. But to transform it from a cultural standpoint, and the Japanese animators used exactly the same method–taking references from mainland Asia–to make the city a bit strange and to set it apart from the everyday. Oshii wanted a city that is futuristic, but not too much so. Since it was 10 or 20 years in the future, so it needed to be similar to what we have today but a little different. And for that difference, that oddity, and creating that depth, they used Chinese characters in the signs or advertisements so that Japanese audiences would feel a bit estranged. They could almost read the characters, but not quite. That's always the trick.
advertisement
The other aspect is that the story has to be believable. To that end, the setting needs a degree of believability. It has to be advanced, but still close enough so it can sustain a story. So a fictional city needs to look as if it could work. It needs to feel as if it was constructed. That's where the concept designers and mechanical designers come in. They think in an architectural way and are constructing cities from scratch as if they would actually work. To make that impression, you need to really be detailed. You have to know how the doors close in these buildings, how the elevator works. If it's powered by a nuclear engine, then you have to design the engine. It's like a construction office working in the background to build that city. The films you chose to highlight were produced when the shift from hand to computer animation was taking place. What were the biggest artistic differences that resulted? The real “architect of the future” is Watabe Takashi; they were the concept designer and layout artist [for Oshii's films]. He's not an actual architect, but they work in a way as if they were an architect. So you cannot build their buildings in reality. They look structurally correct, as if they would be possible, but for film it's just the image that counts. So a fictional city needs to look as if it could work. It needs to feel as if it was constructed. They were born in '54 and studied math but became an animator in their twenties and draws everything by hand. Because they have a geometric thinking, they can draw all of these perspectives very fluently by hand but they sometimes use computers. If they had a high-rise building they would design the walls and silhouette in a computer because that makes it easy to figure out camera perspectives and distortion angles. But every detail they need—like pipes and lights—he would do by hand because it's much faster to print out the wire frame of the building and draw in the details. If you have to model everything in the building on a computer, that takes a long time. It's much faster drawing details by hand and rendering the main structure in the environment in 3D. When they showed me these drawings, I thought, “Wow you have almost the whole movie in 3D renderings but there are still drawings and paintings on paper.” From my perspective, I thought if you have everything in 3D why not just render it? Why would you go in by hand? They said it takes too much time to draw a pipe on a computer. These guys are thinking about time efficiency. The only thing you have to pay for in animation are man hours. The only thing you need is time. So the faster you can be, the better. Everybody has their own strategy to achieve the best results as quickly as possible. So that's the computer aspect. Sometimes backgrounds are all drawn by hand because the artists can't stand the look of computer animation. They need the handmade feeling. The key animators and art directors and people higher up in the hierarchy, they are older now and they were all trained on on a drawing table and lightbox. Japanese animation has a look where movement is interrupted; it flickers a bit. That's achieved by something called “limited animation.” The characters don't move smoothly, even if they are rendered in 3D. That gives the viewer an additional effect of immersion. The senior people sit behind the 3D guys and tell them which frames to delete [to achieve the flickering effect]. They're working like sculptors, taking away [material] and working in negative space.
advertisement
It's interesting that Ghost in the Shell talks about the change of society thought computer technology, but the whole film is handmade. What can designers and architects can learn from examining these paintings and taking a look at the environments the animators created?
The drawings have an enormous depth and quality, which you cannot appreciate [fully] when you watch the film the background just appears for a few seconds. It's worth looking at these things for a much longer time since they are intricate and well done. The designers I talked to so far were all fascinated by the quality and craftsmanship of these drawings because they're incredibly detailed. Ghost in the Shell talks about the change of society thought computer technology, but the whole film is handmade. An interesting aspect is that [the background animation] is all serial work. If architects build a building or a house, they tend to focus on a singular building for a long time. For the film's animators, it's more about building a whole world and the whole world needs to be consistent in its look and feel. Architects tend to look at their buildings from the outside in; switching perspectives to looking from inside the building to what surrounds–like animators have to look at the entire world–it is very interesting. A building can be understood as a narration of spatial events. There is an interesting relationship between constructing a film set and constructing a new building–you have to imagine and maybe draw and sketch angles that you never really see [in the final product]. Anime Architecture is on view at The Tchoban Foundation Museum for Architectural Drawing until October 16, 2016. [Ghost in the Shell (1995): © 1995 Shirow Masamune / KODANSHA · BANDAI VISUAL · MANGA ENTERTAINMENT Ltd., Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence (2004): © 2004 Shirow Masamune / KODANSHA · IG, ITNDDTD]
Yoshinoya (𠮷野家, TYO: 9861) is a Japanese multinational fast food chain, and the second-largest chain of gyūdon (beef bowl) restaurants. The chain was established in Japan in 1899. Its motto is "Tasty, low-priced, and quick".[1]
Etymology [ edit ]
The kanji 家 (ya) means "house", while the kanji 吉 (yoshi) means "luck" in Japanese and the kanji 野 (no) means "field."
The founder of the company, Eikichi Matsuda (松田栄吉), was from the former town of Yoshino (吉野町) in Osaka Prefecture, and a belief predominates that Yoshino is the origin of the name.[2]
In Japan, the nickname of the restaurant is "yoshigyū" (吉牛), which is an abbreviation of Yoshinoya no gyūdon (吉野家の牛丼, Yoshinoya's gyūdon).[3]
Logo [ edit ]
The Logo of Yoshinoya resembles a bull horn, and was invented by Yoshinoya's founder Eikichi Matsuda. The idea of the bull horn logo derived from the initial letter of Yoshinoya's English name, "Y". The rope surrounding the horn represents a in Japanese sumo-wrestling, "Yokozuna" (equivalent to "winner"), representing the quality of the food served in Yoshinoya. The surrounding rope is made up of 27 rice grains. The logo as a whole is meant to suggest that Yoshinoya sells the "best beef bowls".[4]
History [ edit ]
Yoshinoya first opened in 1899 at the Nihonbashi fish market in Tokyo.[5] When the market was devastated by the Great Kantō earthquake, Yoshinoya moved to the new Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo in 1926.
The chain opened its first 24-hour store in 1952.[citation needed]
On December 27, 1958, the chain's business model was changed from self-employed restaurants to a stock company, as an attempt to gain more profit.[citation needed]
In 1965, the chain earned a million dollars in sales, which led to the idea of expanding the chain's operations in Japan.[citation needed]
The chain's first franchised store was opened in Shinsaibashi, in 1968.[citation needed]
In 1975, the first American store of the fast-food chain was opened in Colorado.[citation needed]
Yoshinoya restaurant at Nagahori, Osaka city in Japan in 2005
In the early 2000s, Yoshinoya, along with other chains such as McDonald's, triggered a price war in Japan by introducing a regular beef bowl dish for 280 yen, or around US$3.[6]
Controversies in the 2000s [ edit ]
In late 2001, a domestic bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) incident critically damaged beef bowl sales. In late 2003, Japan suspended imports of American beef due to a BSE incident in Washington, cutting off Yoshinoya's main source of short plate (fatty beef) that is the main component of its beef bowl. This forced Yoshinoya to terminate beef bowl sales in Japan for the first time in its history on February 11, 2004.
News of the removal of this item from Yoshinoya's menu caused its fans and non-fans alike to queue in massive lines at its restaurants all around Japan to taste what might be their last beef bowl for a long time.[citation needed] Yoshinoya then switched to serving pork bowl (butadon) instead of beef. However, its restaurants in the United States continued to serve the beef bowl using American short plate. From December 2, 2004, restaurants in Japan started serving "beef yakiniku bowls" (牛焼肉丼, gyū-yakiniku-don), which use Australian beef, a different sauce, and additional vegetables.[7] These bowls differed from original "beef bowls", which use American beef.
People lining up on the day of "the beef bowl revival festival" (牛丼復活祭) in 2006, near Teradachō Station , Osaka
In December 2005, Japan agreed to remove the restriction on importing beef from the United States. A letter to customers was then put up in restaurants, promising that the beef bowl would return in a few months. In January 2006, imports stopped again because inspectors found banned cattle parts in a veal shipment from the United States. In June 2006, Japan lifted the ban on imports again, and on July 31, 2006, Yoshinoya reposted the letter promising to resume serving the beef bowl in about two months.[citation needed]
On September 18, 2006, Yoshinoya brought back their beef bowl for one day as "the beef bowl revival festival" (牛丼復活祭, gyūdon fukkatsusai). This "revival", however, meant that its beef bowls would be available only the first five days of the month in October and November. On December 1, 2006, they began serving beef bowls daily, albeit at limited hours. These hours were extended once during special campaigns in February and December 2007. By March 17, 2008, Yoshinoya announced that they would resume 24-hour sales of the beef bowl, rolling out through their then 1040 stores nationwide through March 20, 2008. An announcement of banned cattle products in a Californian beef import on April 21, 2008, did not halt the company's plans, as they felt they had enough stock from other sources to avoid a recall.[citation needed]
Locations [ edit ]
A Yoshinoya meal in Shanghai, China
Yoshinoya has a chain of stores in Japan, the United States, Hong Kong, Cambodia, China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, and Thailand.
Japan [ edit ]
In its restaurants in Japan, tables are often counters, and in that case, they take orders over those counters. Chopsticks are provided. The menu includes standard-serving (nami, or namimori, 並盛), large-serving (ōmori, 大盛), or extra-large-serving (tokumori, 特盛)[8] beef bowls, pork bowls (butadon, 豚丼),[9] raw eggs (to stir and pour on top, sometimes mixed with soy sauce), soft-boiled eggs (hanjuku tamago, 半熟玉子), miso soup and pickles (called oshinkō [お新香] in its menu; a kind of asazuke). They also serve red ginger (beni shōga), spice, and Japanese tea (ocha, お茶) free of charge. Some menus including raw eggs and miso soup can be taken out.[10]
Some customers make special requests at no extra charge such as: extra gravy sauce (tsuyudaku, つゆだく), extra onions (negidaku, ねぎだく), without gravy sauce (tsuyunuki, つゆ抜き), no onions (neginuki, ねぎ抜き),[11] egg-yolk only (kimidake, 黄身だけ) and less rice (karui no, 軽いの; literally "light one").
On June 14, 2011, Yoshinoya in Japan started serving eel bowls (unadon, 鰻丼) as a standard seasonal menu to be offered until the latter part of July.[12]
United States [ edit ]
Yoshinoya in California
Yoshinoya entered the United States market in 1973, opening its first location in Denver in 1975. It is currently only present in California. A location in Las Vegas, Nevada closed in February 2017.[13] A location in Goodyear, Arizona, opened in 2008, but was closed in December 2011. A Dallas location that opened in June 2011 was Yoshinoya's first venture into Texas,[14] but it closed in December of that year. The only location east of the Mississippi opened in Times Square, New York City, in 2002,[15] but closed in January 2012. The main menu includes the beef bowl, chicken bowl, combo bowl, and shrimp bowl, along with soup and cakes, and has variations such as "beef with vegetables bowls", "teriyaki chicken bowls", and barbecue-style plates. Skinless chicken is available upon request. Their tempura bowls are no longer available. The menu of Yoshinoya in the US is similar to the menu in Japan. At a basic level, both companies serve "stuff over a bowl of rice", which includes the trademark beef bowl with very thinly sliced beef with light sauce and onions.
Hong Kong [ edit ]
The Hong Kong division of Yoshinoya was founded in 1991. A total of 57 Yoshinoya food stores is split among three main areas: the Hong Kong branch, the New Territories branch, and the Kowloon branch. Fourteen stores are in the Hong Kong branch, 21 stores are in the New Territories branch, and 22 stores are in the Kowloon branch. Each Yoshinoya food store has five working positions: store manager, supervisor, customer service assistant, crew, and production assistant.[4] Unlike the Yoshinoya in Japan, stores in Hong Kong do not provide table services. Customers order their food at a cashier and collect their food there, which is the same as in western fast-food stores.
Future locations [ edit ]
In early 2019, Yoshinoya's restaurants will be expanded to Belize, British Virgin Islands, Cameroon, Haiti, Laos, Montserrat, Rwanda, Samoa, and Togo.
Gallery [ edit ]
Yoshinoya in Teradachō, Osaka city, on September 18, 2006
The flagship restaurant in Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo
Greetings to customers at the flagship restaurant
Free banner given to customers in "the beef bowl revival festival" on September 18, 2006
See also [ edit ]
On Monday night in Sacramento, at the end of Raw, CM Punk stood in the audience while Vince McMahon berated him. Punk was standing at the top of a lower bowl staircase, and fans started messing with him. They talked trash, knocked clumsily into him, and, in the case of one benighted soul, smacked them in the back of the head. Punk wheeled around and hit the guy who did it, only it wasn't the right guy. If Punk had attacked the right guy, nobody would have much cared. But Punk misfired, and message boards and sports-blog demagogues went apoplectic. How could Punk assault a fan? How could they violate the fourth wall like that? You'd think Punk was wrestling's Metta World Peace. It was Malice at the Power Balance!
Set aside for a second that Punk has made a career out of assaulting the fourth wall. This wasn't the first time a wrestler has tangled with a fan, not by a long shot.
Bad-guy wrestlers from the olden days talk about it all the time: On the way to and (especially) from the ring they got shoved, pelted with drinks, burnt with cigarettes, and, in some cases, stabbed by fans who took the performers' villainous characters too seriously. Old ladies would torment them with pokes from hatpins. Fans in Puerto Rico would hurl batteries. On the streets the heels wore disguises to avoid trouble. It didn't always work.
Even into the 1970s and '80s, the Territorial Era was rife with unplanned audience involvement. Dallas's WCCW was perhaps the most volatile: Fabulous Freebird Terry Gordy once tossed an interfering fan 20 feet over rows of seats. During a bout at the Cotton Bowl in 1985 that saw Gino Hernandez and Chris Adams get their heads shaved, fans crowded the ring and a bodyguard for the Von Erich family came to blows with one of them. And this says nothing of perhaps the most intransigent interlocutors — lovestruck female fans of the Von Erich brothers. Kevin Von Erich said they used to walk to the ring with one hand over their lips and the other covering their crotch.
Over the years, crowds became less bloodthirsty as fans accepted that pro wrestling was something less than factual. But then a new problem emerged: Wannabe tough guys, usually emboldened by booze, became interested in testing the wrestlers outside the ring. Cowboy Bill Watts, a promoter in the Mid South territory (and later a booker for WCW and WWF), famously encouraged their wrestlers to fight when they were confronted in public. And by “encouraged,” I mean they told them, “You're fired if you don't fight, and you're fired if you lose the fight.” Stan Hansen — one of the sport's true tough guys — once advised a young Mick Foley: “Kid, nothing good can happen to you in a bar.” As late as 1995, Shawn Michaels, Davey Boy Smith, and Shawn Waltman brawled with a group of U.S. Marines at a bar in Syracuse and Michaels got the piss beat out of him.
That same year, an ECW event was halted when dozens of fans heaved folding chairs into the ring, literally burying the tag team Public Enemy. One of ECW's innovations was its spin on crowd interactivity. Fans made signs, directed the flow of matches with coordinated chanting, and brought household items to events for the wrestlers to use as weapons. When that self-awareness spread to WWF and WCW, the big leagues seemed ill-suited for such throes of fan passion. There was the time a fan entered the ring during an Eddie Guerrero–Rob Van Dam match and knocked Eddie off a ladder. (Eddie got some licks in after.)
In WCW, fan run-ins were disturbingly common. At the moment Hulk Hogan turned heel, as if in answer to announcer Tony Schiavone's plea that “We need to get someone out there,” a fan bumbled into the ring, where they were mauled by Scott Hall and Kevin Nash. That set the precedent. There were other times — when an overzealous fan yanked Raven's hair in the middle of a promo, when showrunner Eric Bischoff was attacked, and when Hogan was nearly assaulted by a old lady. The list goes on
Fan interference has carried over into today's WWE. Perhaps, in the era of reality television, it's inevitable that fans' impulses merge with wrongheaded fame-seeking. Like the American baseball streaker, the European soccer streaker, the commonplace attention-seeking drunkard, or the stray front-row lunatic, the sports world is more rife than ever with outbursts of everyman glory-hogging.
Wrestling is no different. A feud between John Cena and Jeff Hardy several years back saw a couple of fan incidents. In TNA wrestling, a guy in a luchador mask whose friend encouraged them to get in the ring with Jeff Jarrett got unceremoniously mangled. In 2009, Chris Jericho fought through a throng of fans as they were trying to leave an arena and things got shockingly out of hand.
It's still up in the air whether Neymar will participate in this summer's Copa América Centenario for Brazil. National team coach Dunga met with Barcelona officials last week, but no agreement has been reached yet. Barça would like for Neymar to play in either the Copa or the Olympics, but not both. Neymar would like to do both and is now pitching the idea of playing in just the second half of the Copa América.
Because the Copa América is on the FIFA calendar and the Olympics is not, Barcelona would only be required to release Neymar for the Copa. But keep in mind: Brazil has never won the Olympic gold medal and wants to do so in Rio. Neymar was on the Brazil team that fell to Mexico in the gold medal game in London 2012, and would be one of the host nation's over-age players should they join the Olympic team.
Here are a couple insider items from around the soccer world:
Wenger's job not in jeopardy
With Arsenal's recent collapse in several tournaments, plenty of fans are wondering if manager Arsene Wenger's job is in jeopardy. But everyone connected to Arsenal that I've spoken to says Wenger remains solidly in charge and secure in their post. That includes the support of CEO Ivan Gazidis and owner Stan Kroenke.
Wenger's contract runs through May 2017. Last week at the Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston, Kroenke gave a rare public talk and said: “I have to have some reality involved. If you want to win championships, then you would never get involved.”
NYCFC has no interest in dealing Poku
NYCFC midfielder Kwadwo Poku became something of a folk hero with the club last season, but they haven't played a minute in the first two games this season and wasn't even in the 18 for NYCFC over the weekend despite being healthy.
I'm told that coach Patrick Vieira wants Poku to improve the tactical and mental sides of their game. Multiple MLS GMs said they would be interested in trading for Poku, but NYCFC sporting director Claudio Reyna was explicit when asked, saying the club has no interest in trading them and isn't even listening to offers.
GAZIANTEP, Turkey — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan took on the iconic Lawrence of Arabia Monday in a furious anti-Western diatribe. The Turkish president compared the outside meddling in the region now to the role the renowned British army officer played during the Arab Revolt against the Ottomans during World War I. And Western diplomats here say the tirade bears a rather striking resemblance to some of the propaganda that has come out of the so-called Islamic State, widely known by the acronym ISIS or ISIL.
Last week, stung by Western criticism of Turkey's conspicuous absence from the U.S.-led air combat against the terror organization, and the refusal of the Turkish government to rescue the besieged town of Kobani, just across the Syrian border, Erdoğan insisted they had no sympathy for the jihadists.
But on one very important point of history and geography it now appears there's a serious convergence of views between ISIS and Erdoğan. In their speech Monday at a university in Istanbul, the Turkish president blasted the Sykes-Picot Agreement, a secret understanding (signed behind Lawrence's back) that divided up the Middle East after World War I between British and French spheres of influence. That deal opened the way for a British vow to establish a Jewish homeland in Palestine and led to borders drawn by the European powers that created modern Syrian and Iraq. Historian David Fromkin summed up the mess that resulted in the title of their book The Peace to End All Peace.
“Each conflict in this region has been designed a century ago,” said Erdoğan. “It is our duty to stop this.”
In point of fact, T. E. Lawrence was opposed to the secret Anglo-French agreement, because it reneged on promises given the Arabs by London in a bid to persuade them to revolt against Ottoman Turkish rule. They tried mightily to sabotage the deal. But Erdoğan is either unaware of that or sought to simplify history.
ISIS, meanwhile, has done some simplifying of its own, and on similar lines. Its militants say explicitly they are out to erase the borders that Sykes-Picot established across most of the modern Middle East. In the summer, after sweeping in from Syria to seize Mosul, the second largest city in Iraq, they produced a video called, yes, ”The End of Sykes Pico,” in which they blew up a border outpost and leveled part of the earthen barrier on the Iraqi-Syrian border. They declared triumphantly they would bulldoze other Western-imposed borders as well.
The Erdoğan speech was suffused with an angry anti-Western narrative—he also tilted at Western journalists, accusing them of being spies—and will no doubt thrill some of Erdoğan's supporters. In southern Turkey, some local officials in their Justice and Development Party (AKP) express sympathy for ISIS. But it will ring alarm bells in Western capitals at a time coalition officials are redoubling their efforts to try to persuade a reluctant Turkish government to play a forward-leaning part in the American-led war on the jihadists.
Turkey is considered crucial if President Barack Obama's war aim to “degrade and defeat” ISIS is to be accomplished. The country has been the main logistical base for the Islamic militants, the main transit country for foreign fighters to enter neighboring Syria and a key source of it's revenue from the smuggling of oil tapped in captured oil fields. In their determination to topple Syrian President Bashar Assad, Erdoğan has been accused of at best turning a blind eye to the rise of ISIS and at worst actively encouraging it.
At the weekend U.S. officials announced a breakthrough in their efforts to persuade Turkey to become a frontline ally, saying the Turkish government had agreed that a NATO airbase at Incirlik could be used by the anti-ISIS coalition. But the Turkish government was ominously silent Monday on that score and just hours after Erdoğan's speech Turkish officials denied they had agreed U.S. warplanes could use Incirlik air base for attacks on Islamic militants.
Erdoğan's comments Monday gives a glimpse into the Turkish leadership's reasons for denying the use of Incirlik. And they augur badly for the overall effort, revealing the deep level of distrust the Turkish president harbors for the West. Certainly the speech suggests that American hopes of persuading Turkey to come fully on board are misplaced.
About T.E. Lawrence—who is still viewed as a hero in the West and by many Arabs—the Turkish President showed nothing but disdain, then used Lawrence as a vehicle to heap opprobrium on others. Erdoğan dismissed the British officer as “an English spy disguised as an Arab.” And they told the university audience—the speech was televised—that Westerners are “making Sykes-Picot agreements hiding behind freedom of press, a war of independence or jihad.”
Erdoğan argued there are modern-day Lawrences in Turkey right now “disguised as journalists, religious men, writers and terrorists.” And the remark was especially ominous on the day five foreign journalists—three of them German—were hauled before a court for a preliminary hearing in the southeastern Turkey of Diyarbakır, following their arrests at the weekend by anti-terrorist police. They had been covering Kurds protesting Turkey's refusal to help save the besieged Syrian border town of Kobani, where Kurdish men and women have fought off an ISIS onslaught for 28 days.
“We were photographing Kurdish protesters building a barricade and we were accused of being provocateurs and of encouraging them to do so and of engaging in espionage,” says German freelance photographer Christian Grodotzki. “As they arrested us they pushed us around and punched two of us and some German tourists were there and they kicked one of them in the stomach. It was a pretty rough arrest. They tried really hard to get us to confirm we were spies or trick us into signing false confessions.”
The journalists have now been released but the cases against them will be continued. Grodotzki says Erdoğan's remarks about journalists being spies is likely to be seen by the police as the go-ahead for a no-holds barred approach towards the Western media.
“This isn't a speech one expects from an ally, especially when there are delicate negotiations going on,” says an Istanbul-based European diplomat. “It reveals starkly what we are up against when it comes to Erdoğan.” Another diplomat said: “The Turks are determined to ensure that whatever happens in Syria post-Assad, it is seen as their sphere of influence and they have two aims: to keep Iran at bay and keep the West out.”
SUCCESSFUL EFFORTS ON BEHALF OF WOMEN SOLDIERS: Brigadier General Gila Kalifi-Amir is shown in this photo practicing their marksmanship skills at an Israeli army base. The general serves as Women's Affairs Advisor to the chief of the Israeli army. Them Women's Affairs staff is responsible for ongoing research, professional guidance and advocacy on behalf of women serving in the Israeli army. (Photo courtesy of Israel Defense Forces released for public use.)ONE ARGUMENT in favor of women in combat roles is equality of opportunities. Combat experience factors into advancement opportunities. This is true for men and women. With the new Department of Defense decision, more women can get the combat experience for movement up the military ranks. Will more women advance? Will they make better military leaders than men?
We have at least one social experiment to partially address the first question: the Israeli Defense Forces or IDF. Women have always served in the IDF. In fact, women have served in the military even before the state was founded. (You can see more photos of the IDF with Tuesday's column.) Since 2000, women have been permitted in direct combat roles. Today, about one-third of all IDF forces are women. But 51% of IDF officers are women. Did the opening of combat roles figure into the preponderance of women officers?
Do women make better military leaders? I'm curious about your opinion, especially if you have military experience. In general, Americans believe that women make good political and business leaders, according to a Pew poll in 2008. In fact, Americans rate women higher when it comes to the leadership characteristics of honesty, intelligence, compassion, outgoingness, and creativity. They rate men higher for decisiveness. But only 6% say that women make better leaders. Twenty-one percent say men make better leaders. Over two-thirds say women and men both make good leaders.
Do you think more women in combat will open advancement for women?
Will women make better military leaders than men?
Please, leave a Comment below.
Originally published at www.OurValues.org, an experiment in civil dialogue about American values.
Image copyright AP Image caption Senator George Mitchell was President Bill Clinton's special envoy to Northern Ireland
The American senator who brokered the Good Friday Agreement has warned that border controls between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland would be a "step backwards" in the peace process.
Senator George Mitchell told The World This Weekend that the ability to cross the border was important.
It contributed to "the stability that's developed over the past two decades".
Changing that would have an adverse effect, they said.
"I believe that the restoration of a militarised border with strict controls limiting traffic back and forth would have an adverse effect on relations within the island of Ireland," they said.
"The ability to move back and forward across the border that has existed for the past several years has been very helpful in increasing commerce and also in reducing stereotypes on both sides.
"I think that that would be a step backward for that to occur."
Senator Mitchell , who was was President Bill Clinton's special envoy to Northern Ireland, said they did not want to prejudge any deal that may be done on the border, but they expressed optimism that the "constructive and thoughtful leaders on all sides" could reach an agreement that would "permit open access".
Asked if Brexit was a breach of the Good Friday Agreement, Senator Mitchell said the deal "plainly contemplates the possibility of a vote under certain circumstances" that change Northern Ireland's constitutional position.
"The agreement plainly provides that the political status of Northern Ireland can be determined or changed only through a vote - and it's the informed consent through a vote - of the people of Northern Ireland," they said.
They added: "I'll leave those arguments to the people of Northern Ireland and the UK."
Senator Mitchell also said Britain and Ireland's membership of the European Union had helped create the conditions for the peace process in Northern Ireland.
"There can be no doubt that the presence of Ireland and the United Kingdom in the EU was a significant factor in leading both governments to reach the conclusion that if there was to be a resolution to the conflict in the North it had to be led and underpinned by a joint effort by the two governments," they said.
"I think their being in the European Union for some years before that was a significant factor in the warming of what had been a very cold relationship."
CLOSE Washington state drivers will have put down their cellphones, coffee and mascara. USA TODAY
A new law aims to reduce distracted driving. (Photo: Getty Images)
KITSAP, Wash. — Relax. You can still drink coffee while driving under Washington state's new distracted driving law, which took effect last Sunday.
And to ding you with a $99 ticket for eating a cheeseburger while driving (the law calls out eating as a possible distraction) officers would have to connect bad driving to being distracted by the meal.
“We would have to articulate how that cheeseburger caused that collision,” Washington State Patrol Capt. Monica Alexander said Friday during a media conference about the new law, sometimes called the DUI-E law.
Alexander corrected herself, so as not to blame an innocent cheeseburger. “Eating the cheeseburger," they said. "The cheeseburger didn't do anything.”
The law was meant to increase penalties for repeated distracted driving infractions — particularly driving while using an electronic device — and to clarify the definition of distracted driving. This includes fixing one's hair, applying cosmetics and eating and drinking.
Read more:
But the suggestion that officers could start writing tickets for drinking coffee, something many people do during their morning commute, caused some confusion.
Officials emphasized during the conference call that the law prohibits any activity not related to driving that interferes with the safe operation of a motor vehicle.
It's not the cheeseburger, but how the cheeseburger affects one's driving.
If somebody causes a wreck and “they have ketchup on their face and half a burger in their lap, chances are they were eating when it happened,” Alexander said.
Officers would have discretion on whether to write the $99 distraction ticket on top of other tickets. This is the same policy as other secondary offenses, such as driving barefoot.
Officers will look at the “totality of circumstances” in the event of a driving infraction, Alexander said, not just whether somebody had a cheeseburger in the car or a dog in their lap.
Alexander said about 50% of stops by troopers result in tickets, with the other 50% of drivers receiving instruction on what they did wrong and given a warning.
“Sometimes we are just having a conversation,” Alexander said.
The new law does have exceptions for using phones, however. Drivers can use their phones to dial 911 in case of an emergency, and "minimal use of a finger" when a phone is in a dashboard cradle is allowed.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2waeAcV
Point Pelee National Park in Leamington, Ont., has cancelled its annual monarch butterfly count due to the lack of butterflies.
The annual monarch migration is one of the park's signature events.
The southern tip of Canada is a critical stopover for the migrating butterflies while they make their 3,000-kilometre journey to the mountains of central Mexico.
Clusters of monarchs are typically found keeping warm in tree tops as they prepare for flight across Lake Erie. Hundreds can normally be seen flying across over the water every hour.
Not this year.
“We're seeing a few, but certainly not seeing the number we're accustomed to,” interpretation co-ordinator Sarah Rupert said. “From what we're hearing from other places, that's kind of the trend across Ontario.”
Elizabeth Howard, the director and founder of Journey North, an organization that tracks the monarch migration, told CBC News earlier this week that numbers are down across North America, not just in southern Ontario.
"During migration, monarchs form overnight roosts in places like Point Pelee or Long Point [in southern Ontario], where the monarchs are congregating before crossing the Great Lakes, places where people generally see huge overnight clusters of monarchs gathering,” they said.
Howard told CBC News that at this time in 2011, Journey North had already received 55 reports of roosts, followed by just 25 in 2012. This year, only 17 reports of roosts came in.
Rupert said clustering “is the experience people are hoping to have when they come to Point Pelee.”
Because of the lack of monarchs, the park has focused heavily on its live monarch exhibit, which raises monarchs from caterpillar to butterfly.
Rupert tagged and released six Tuesday. Two more were to be released Wednesday. Another three are going to take flight next week.
“When we tag our butterflies we send the numbers to Monarch Watch. They're able to track migration routes and see what's going on, on other routes,” Rupert said.
Monarch Watch is a co-operative network of students, teachers, volunteers and researchers dedicated to the study of the monarch butterfly.
“Even visitors coming into the park say they haven't seen as many monarchs in their yards,” Rupert said. “They just aren't seeing the numbers.”
Scientists stress the loss of monarch habitat needs to be reversed.
Chip Taylor of Monarch Watch says that "in the Midwest, we're seeing a tremendous loss of habitat due to the type of agriculture that's been adopted here, [like] Roundup-ready corn and soybeans, which has taken the milkweeds out of those row crops. We're seeing overzealous management of roadside marshes, excessive use of herbicides here and there."
Monarch Watch and Journey North are trying to promote monarch habitat restoration by planting milkweeds, which is the main food source for monarch larvae.
“This time of year, flowering plants are needed. I can't emphasize that enough,” Rupert said.
Lonely Entrepreneur: Battling Isolation when You Have a Home Business
For many, starting a home business is a dream come true. You can work from home, set your own hours, and not worry about office politics. However, there are also challenges to working from home. One of the biggest challenges is overcoming a feeling of isolation when you are an entrepreneur.
Loneliness in Your Home Business
When your career path leads you to work from home, you don't have the same social opportunities that are part of the traditional workforce. Indeed, many people enjoy the way they can connect to others at work. When you work in a more traditional job, you see your co-workers, have social interaction at the water cooler, and you probably even interact with customers.
When you shift to working from home, you all of a sudden don't have that social network at work. You can't talk to your co-workers on a lunch break. You don't get to share chit-chat over the desk in five minute snatches. For some people that can mean a feeling of isolation that eventually becomes overwhelming. If you work from home, you need to be aware of this challenge, and prepare to combat it.
Reduce Feelings of Isolation when You Work from Home
There are strategies you can employ to avoid feelings of isolation when you work from home. If you work for someone else, and you telecommute, you can only do so a couple days a week. Arrange to come in to the office once or twice a week so that you still get that social interaction with co-workers.
If you are an entrepreneur, you might not get the opportunity to go into work and interact with others as often. During your work day, there are two main ways that you can battle feelings of isolation:
Engage people online: I belong to a Skype group of online friends. We chat about our businesses, but we also chat about things happening in our lives and in popular culture. It's a lot like the water cooler in a traditional work environment. I can connect with others — and they are others with common interests. My online buddies go a long way toward combatting feelings of isolation as I work from home. Try co-working: One of the up and coming trends for home business owners and freelancers is co-working. You go to an office setting that is outfitted with high-speed Internet access. Usually, you have to pay some sort of fee to participate, but it can be worth it. You are in an environment with other entrepreneurs, and you can feel that sense of connection. You don't even have to go every day; schedule a slot once or twice a week, and you can make some good connections.
You can also battle isolation by making up for it later. Get involved with family and friends when you can. Take a lunch break and go out with someone. If you have a life partner and children, make sure you stop working when they get home and spend quality time with them. Once or twice a week, go out with friends, or join a book club or participate in some other activity.
The key is to find some sort of human interaction that can help you feel connected to others so that you don't feel as lonely during your work hours at home.
If you spend much time on Left Twitter, the ascendancy of Jeremy Corbyn and their re-envisioned, far more leftist Labour Party did nothing shy of restoring karmic balance to the universe. Implicit in the rejoicing is the sober realization we've still got a ways to go—he's not Prime Minister yet, after all. But until Corbyn's rise, believing we'd see a western leader firmly situated in a political chart meme's bottom left quadrant—particularly after decades of neoliberalism and reactionary conservatism—felt akin to hoping for the imminent return of Christ. Last week, that all changed, and light started creeping back into our shadow-ridden world order.
And while all the articles about Labour's economic plans make me as happy as the next person, there's another aspect to all this I think a lot of people should be more excited about.
If May's hung parliament and their coalition with the too-ridiculous-to-be-real DUP ends up losing their Downing Street, and if Corbyn completes their stratospheric rise to the top, then the very foundations of western imperialism, interventionism and hegemonic insatiability are due for a shake-up. Jeremy Corbyn is the most vehemently anti-war politician to make it this close to truly significant power in generations. That's as much cause for celebration as their utter rejection of austerity and vampiric corporatism.
This is, after all, the man who said Britain hadn't fought a just war since 1945. If Labour's current manifesto is adhered to on matters of foreign policy, it would signal a revolutionary shift toward exhausting any and all diplomatic, peaceful means of cooperation before warlike behavior is even considered. Labour looks a lot different now than it did in the days of Tony Blair, mostly because of Corbyn. The past proves he's a man of their word, the present is already seeing a sea change in their favor and the future's looking brighter because of it.
Where He's Been
Now, if you're expecting Corbyn to be Gandhi, you'll invariably be disappointed. He's not a total pacifist but he's the closest thing the west's gotten to that in a very long time. Since first making it to Parliament in 1983, he's shown extreme dedication to diplomacy and caution over war and conflict. It doesn't look like he's got any plans to slow down on this front, even though it's landed them in hot water plenty of times before
During the Thatcher years—despite the British government's insistence on maintaining the racist status quo—he continually campaigned for sanctions against South Africa to end apartheid and was arrested for protesting it. While they represented a largely Irish constituency, they refused and still refuses to play into the black and white categories so many politicians assign to the Troubles.
Their early perspective on the IRA carries over to how they talk about controversial groups like Hamas and Hezbollah, as well as countries like Iran or Russia. As a result, he's made it pretty easy for the right to attack them for their morally neutral positioning. Should they become PM, one can only imagine the “sympathizer” criticism amping up even more. This is just the same old conservative parlor trick we see anytime someone suggests that human beings are a mixed bag of good and evil no matter what country or group they belong to. Still, no one should be blamed if they find these positions and statements somewhat questionable. They are, by nature, controversial. Leftists are entitled to think as much as right-wingers.
Still, the problem with analyzing conflict realistically is that it allows those who think solely in moral binaries to insinuate you must be playing for the other team if you make anything close to a neutral or qualifying statement. Moral realism is not a popular position, particularly when it contradicts orthodoxy. Rest assured, Corbyn is far more devoted to nonviolence than they are to repping any particular group.
Take their position on Ukraine—he thought the situation was spurred on and exacerbated, at least in part by NATO's eastward expansion. The British media and plenty of their parliamentary colleagues crucified them for saying this. But it's not even a statement of support for Russia, just an assessment of reality. They went on to tell The Guardian, “I am not an admirer or supporter of Putin's foreign policy, or of Russian or anybody else's expansion.”
The same carries over to their thoughts about the west. He's more willing to condemn the US and Britain for violence or imperialism, to express uncomfortable truths about traditional western enemies, and to generally admit more nuance in foreign affairs than the typical politician. But that doesn't stop them from condemning the groups they ostensibly sympathize with too. Violence is violence, war is war, Corbyn is Corbyn. Their ethic remains consistent, no matter who he's critiquing in a positive, negative or neutral light.
But for all Jezza's questionable associations adding sweat to your brow, there are far more examples of them being on the right side of history. They were a vocal opponent of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. They regularly attacked Tony Blair's codependent relationship with the Bush administration in matters of foreign policy and has even called for Blair to be investigated for war crimes. Over the last eight years, he's spoken out against intervention in Libya and Syria and decried ISIS strikes resulting in civilian casualties. The Saudi-led, US- and Britain-backed war in Yemen is also on their radar, and they want it stopped.
Corbyn's consistently proven he'll approach foreign policy more realistically than conservatives or neoliberals. They won't forgive their own government's sins but nor will they turn a blind eye to others' transgressions, although diplomatic solutions would need to be absolutely exhausted in order for them to even consider intervention of any kind. Clearly, the consensus view hasn't worked, largely because it's rooted in false beliefs about the world, at best, or unabashed greed and craven dealmaking, at worst.
They signal a reversal of course from both the good vs. evil rhetoric of the Bush / Blair years, the see-no-evil interventionism of centrist liberals and the cynical opportunism of the Trump / May administrations. The pursuit of peace and for Britain, the west and the rest of the world—is a far less costly, much safer option. To liberally paraphrase Chesterton, Corbyn knows this approach hasn't been tried and found wanting. It's been found difficult and left untried.
Where He's Going
It's all the more remarkable Corbyn made the strides they did in the wake of two horrific terror attacks in Manchester and on London Bridge. It goes without saying the odds usually favor the right in the face of such tragedies—people want to fall back on a strong security state in times of fear. As with so many other things, the liberal establishment went rightward on these issues too: more Middle Eastern intervention, more surveillance, more scapegoating of immigrants.
But two decades of failed right-wing policy on this front wound up with a wiser British public than May and their ilk anticipated. Even after she, their party and the British press insinuated time and again Corbyn was somehow a terrorist sympathizer, their nuanced message about the myriad reasons for these attacks—spurred on in part by Britain's own foreign policy—resonated.
And they appealed to potential Conservative voters where they were at without sacrificing an inch of ground on principle. In their manifesto, Labour mentions how the Conservative government actually spent less on defense than the 2% NATO benchmark and cost taxpayers millions after scrapping certain new military technologies. They plan for a reversal. They're also insisting on better treatment for British veterans and current military members.
The worldwide left would do well to note the simplicity of this equation. Right-wing parties worldwide regularly swipe at their opposition for selling out the military. For conservative voters, reverence for the troops is of paramount importance—any slight towards them is tantamount to blasphemy. The important thing is to critique right-wing policies regarding the military's use while outdoing them in terms of respect for the soldiers themselves.
And isn't this consistent with leftist ideology as a whole? Of course, veterans and current members of the armed forces should receive better treatment from the state—everyone should. Defense isn't the problem, offense is; having a strong military isn't a moral transgression, neglecting the citizenry because of it and using it improperly is.
This is an important re-orientation and it also lays the groundwork for previously skeptical conservative voters to reconsider the left's messaging on war in general. The Labour manifesto indicates Corbyn is not one for weakness or troop-bashing, but nor is they one for unnecessary, futile wars and the death of innocents. It removes the foundation of May's criticism completely: they want a stronger Britain than they do and a more peaceful one. Not to mention, their new alignment with the DUP insinuates they now want a more peaceful Ireland than they do too.
Obviously, their rhetoric here worked—Labour took 25 constituencies from the Conservatives and made their biggest net gain since 1997. Most importantly, it allows for Labour to start setting a far more progressive and far less imperialist agenda in terms of British foreign policy. Their speech after the Manchester attack confirmed people are willing to hear out and accept that western intervention is causing blowback in the form of terrorism, so long as the utter nihilism and moral bankruptcy of the terrorists themselves and the need for a strong, new approach in addressing them are also acknowledged. Polls show the majority of British voters agreed with him.
It's truly astounding how this simple message managed to flip the conversation on its head. And it wasn't by going further right, it was by remaining consistently left. People accepted the rest of Labour's anti-war, pro-Palestine, pro-refugee, anti-Saudi, anti-corrupt-bargains, etc. stipulations on these terms. Because… who wouldn't?
We shouldn't be surprised that consistency, honesty, intelligence and compassion win elections. If this sort of messaging continues, it's really easy to envision a future wherein the left keeps winning more and more. If that happens, if Corbyn is just the first step toward a new future, then maybe the world will finally get a lot less violent at long last.
They ran against spilt blood and confiscated treasure, like St. George taking on a dragon. And the Obi-Wan Kenobe looking motherfucker pulled it off. Britain is giving peace a chance. One can only hope it keeps doing so and that the rest of the world follows suit.
One day after dropping their long-standing claim that President Obama was not born in the United States, a claim that fueled several conspiracy theories, Donald Trump​ has ignited two more.
Is Donald Trump's controversies distracting voters from real issues?
Now they say their opponent, Hillary Clinton​, was behind the so-called “birther movement.”
And for the second time in the presidential campaign, Trump is again raising the specter of violence against Clinton​, this time joking about disarming their Secret Service agents.
CBS News correspondent Errol Barnett reports that after enjoying a rise in the polls and a week in which they stuck mostly to the script, it seems Trump is back to the flash-bang style of politics their supporters have come to enjoy.
But there was blowback on Saturday after the Republican nominee made another ad-libbed reference to violence and reignited controversy with a popular sitting president.
Trump: "Let's see what happens" if Clinton's guards drop guns
“I think that their bodyguards should drop all weapons, they should disarm,” Trump said during a rally in Miami on Friday night.
Trump seemed to turn gun control into a threat against Clinton.
“Take their guns away,” Trump said. “She doesn't want guns. Take their, let's see what happens to her.”
This after a day spent walking back their refusal to admit that the nation's first black president is an American-born citizen.
Trump buries "birther" issue -- sort of
“President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period,” Trump said Friday morning in Washington.
Trump's unwillingness a day earlier to make that same admission in a Washington Post interview gave new life to a conspiracy theory they have peddled since 2011.
“Why doesn't they show their birth certificate?” Trump said on “The View.”
“You are not allowed to be a president if you're not born in this country,” they told NBC News.
But Trump couldn't help but trade one fiction for a new legend.
“Hillary Clinton and their campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy,” Trump said Friday morning.
Rep. John Lewis weighs in on Trump and the "birther" movement
Neither Clinton nor anyone on their 2008 campaign claimed then-Sen. Barack Obama was not born in the United States, though some Clinton supporters spread the idea through anonymous emails.
It's an issue even the president took a moment to address on Friday.
“I was pretty confident about where I was born,” Mr. Obama said in the Oval Office. “I think most people were as well.”
CBS News' Major Garrett calls out Donald Trump "birther" event
Members of the Congressional Black Caucus said Trump has moved beyond dogwhistle politics to the howls of wolves.
“We will not elect a chief bigot of the United States of America,” said Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee, D-Texas.
“Donald Trump is nothing more than a two-bit racial arsonist, who for decades has done nothing but fan the flames of bigotry and hatred,” said Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-New York.
New York attorney general on Trump foundation investigation
And their opponent wasted no time in holding Trump accountable for their years as myth-maker.
“Barack Obama was born in America, plain and simple,” Clinton said at the Black Women's Agenda Symposium, “and Donald Trump owes them and the American people an apology.”
The media attention on these latest controversies has taken focus away from an investigation into Trump's foundation​ by the New York attorney general, but all of this is likely to serve as material for Clinton at the first presidential debate on Sept. 26.
The Beer: Zoo Brew is a bright beer with golden hues. At 5.0% ABV, this easy-drinking beer delivers subtle lemon and lime flavors that are both refreshing and satisfying.
The Can: The Zoo Brew can was designed by Fernson's graphic designer, Mitch Torbert. Drawing from the brown bear as inspiration, Mitch has created a unique and eye-catching can design. Zoo Brew stands out as a specialty can, but easily fits into the Fernson family lineup.
The Collaboration: Zoo Brew is a one-off beer. There is a limited run of these cans--and when they're gone, they're gone! Our goal is to make this an annual tradition between Fernson Brewing Company and the Great Plains Zoo. Who knows what Zoo Brew will be next year? For now, enjoy this Golden Ale and help support the zoo!
European champions Bayern Munich made history by becoming the first Bundesliga team to record 37 consecutive games unbeaten with a comfortable home win over FC Augsburg.
Defender Jerome Boateng gave Bavaria an early lead with a shot-on-the-turn.
Franck Ribery added a second just before the break with a free-kick.
Jan Moravek shot wide for FC Augsburg after half-time but Bayern completed victory with a late third, Thomas Muller scoring from the spot.
The win, coupled with Borussia Dortmund's defeat by Wolfsburg, means Bayern extend their lead at the top of the table to four points.
Record-breaking Bayern Bayern's 37 consecutive games without defeat bettered a Bundesliga record that had stood for 30 years, with Hamburger SV having set a 36-match unbeaten sequence in 1982-83
Pep Guardiola's record of 10 wins and two draws after 12 games is the best start to a season by a new Bundesliga coach
Bayern have won 10 games and drawn two so far this season under Pep Guardiola, who inherited a 25-game unbeaten streak from their predecessor Jupp Heynckes.
Guardiola, who was appointed in June, has enjoyed the best start to a season by a new Bundesliga coach in the league's history.
Bayern started Saturday having already equalled the longest unbeaten run in the Bundesliga, set by Hamburger SV in 1982-83.
It took just four minutes for Bavaria to put themselves firmly on course to break the record when the unmarked Boateng turned inside the area before smashing a powerful rising effort into the roof of the net.
FC Augsburg were struggling to deal with Bayern's attacking strength as David Alaba sent a free-kick just over the bar before a Dante effort was saved by away keeper Marwin Hitz.
France winger Ribery made it 2-0 just before the break when they smashed home a direct free-kick.
The visitors rarely threatened but they should have done better with the few chances they had. Andre Hahn fired wide from inside the area while Tobias Werner sent an effort high over the goal.
Instead, it was Bavaria who looked most likely to add to their lead. Robben's shot from Alaba's ball was kept out by Hitz, before Ribery had an effort blocked from a good position.
A third goal arrived in the fifth minute of injury time when Mueller netted a penalty after Hong Jeong-ho handled inside the area.
Bayern coach Guardiola said:
"The record is unbelievable, it's not easy to go 37 games without defeat. Congratulations to the club.
"I have noticed that every game is a lesson for me in understanding my team."
Oooooh. You're getting ready to get a taste of Me, Opinionated. Be sure to take a photo! You won't see it very often.
Lucky for you, I won't be revealing my expert views on the environment, the stimulus, the new health care legislation, or whether Standard Poodles ever should have been cross-bred with Golden Retrievers. Instead, I'll be tearing apart the all-important subject of…cinnamon toast. It's time we stop skirting the issue here, people! We're all friends here, and I can no longer remain silent.
Did you know there's a right way and a wrong way to make cinnamon toast? It's true. And unfortunately for my marriage, I happen to have always known the right way to make cinnamon toast. My beloved husband, on the other hand, was always under the mistaken impression that the way he's always liked to eat cinnamon toast is the right way to make cinnamon toast. But there's only one problem: their cinnamon toast is not only the wrong cinnamon toast, it's absolutely, positively the wrong cinnamon toast. It's the most wrong cinnamon toast that there can be. It's the wrongest. The most wrong. The Wrongalongadingdong.
It's sure a good thing I came into the picture. There's no telling where that fella would be without me!
Before I show you THE right way to make cinnamon toast, I'm going to review a few different approaches so that we can do a compare/contrast at the end of this post. We're going to crack the lid off of this if it's the last thing we do!
APPROACH #1
Butter a slice of bread.
Combine sugar and cinnamon in a bowl…
Stir it to combine.
Sprinkle the cinnamon/sugar mixture on top of the butter, then pop it in the oven: 10 minutes at 350, then finish it off under the broiler (I'll give you my reasons for this method later.)
APPROACH #2:
Butter a slice of bread, then pop it in a 350-degree oven for ten minutes. Then turn on the broiler and let it go for a minute or two until it's golden.
Then as soon as you remove it from the oven…
Sprinkle on the cinnamon sugar mixture.
So as you've probably figured out, the difference between Approach #1 and Approach #2 is this: putting the cinnamon sugar on before you put the toast in the oven results in a topping that's slightly caramelized and crisp. But when you sprinkle on the cinnamon/sugar on after the fact, it remains loose on the surface (see above photo), partly soaking into the buttery bread. Both are pretty good, but I most definitely would prefer Approach #1.
But let me show you Approach #3—otherwise known as THE ABSOLUTELY WRONG WAY to make cinnamon toast.
Please never make cinnamon toast like this.
Please. I'm asking nicely here.
Okay, this isn't it. This doesn't even belong in this post. Sorry.
APPROACH #3: The WRONG Way
This is it. If you wanted to make the worst cinnamon toast on earth, you would put a piece of bread in the toaster and remove it when it's…toasted.
Then you would—gulp—spread softened butter on the warm toast.
This is so wrong.
Then you'd sprinkle on the cinnamon/sugar.
Terrible! No dimension at all! The butter hasn't had a chance to soak into the bread. No caramelizing. Nothin'.
Awful! Just plain awful.
I repeat: If you really loved me, you would not make cinnamon toast like this.
Now. Would you like to see the RIGHT way to make cinnamon toast?
Are you sure you're emotionally ready?
Very well, then.
APPROACH 4: The RIGHT Way
Start with softened butter. I used two sticks. You can halve it if you're a sensible person.
Smush it with a fork…
Then pour in a whole buncha sugar. About a half cup for every stick of butter (at least.)
But it's okay, folks! Sugar is good for you!
Okay, so sugar isn't good for you. But really, it is. But actually, it isn't. But it is in my dreams. But it isn't in my reality.
So I choose not to live in reality.
Amen.
Then comes the cinnamon! About 2 to 3 teaspoons, depending on your tastes.
Then comes the magic ingredient: Vanilla! It doesn't have to be Mexican vanilla—this was a gift from someone at one of my book tour stops (thank you!); any old vanilla extract will do.
But if you don't use Mexican vanilla extract, you'll regret it the rest of your life.
Oh, c'mon. I'm just joshin' you.
But you really will regret it.
Just kidding!
(Man, am I in a mood today. Sorry.)
Add a good 2 to 3 teaspoons. Vanilla in cinnamon-sugar applications is so, so, so, so divine.
I made Pastor Ryan's Monkey Bread not long ago and added some vanilla and almost died a slow, agonizing death of happiness.
Huh?
Smush it all together until it's one creamy bowlful of sin.
That's when you know it's right.
Not that sin is right. It isn't. Sin is wrong. Sin is very, very wrong.
But this is just a little bitty sin, and it's not hurting anyone but you.
Unless you serve the cinnamon toast to others.
But listen. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Sound good?
This is the bread I'm using. Amen.
Spread a good tablespoon of the mixture on each piece of bread.
I like to take it all the way to the edges. This'll prevent exposed bread from burning under the broiler later.
Cinnamon toast is a serious business, people.
Make as many pieces as you want! This is about 1/5 of the quantity I usually make, considering Marlboro Man eats a hundred pieces at a time and all.
I realize my math makes no sense there, but thank you for loving me anyway.
Now, here's what you do: put the coated bread on a cookie sheet and place it into a 350-degree oven for about ten minutes. Here's why: we want to melt the mixture and bake the bread just a tad. If we were to simply stick the pan under the broiler, the mixture would melt and bubble very quickly but the bread might get a tad soggy since it would be so quick. So we'll get it started in the heated oven.
After ten minutes, crank on the broiler and finish off the toast for a few minutes. Watch it carefully, though! Burned cinnamon toast will ruin your life!
Mmmm. You don't know it yet, but this is really something special.
Just look at that. The top is crispy and crunchy…
But the bottom is slightly soft.
Yum.
To bump things up a couple of notches, you can use other breads—thick French bread slices are yummy, as are more grainy homemade breads. Just keep in mind that if the bread slice is thicker, you'll want to spread on a little more butter/cinnamon mixture.
THE FINAL ANALYSIS
We've now taken four different approaches for cinnamon toast. Clockwise from upper left: Approach 2, Approach 4, Approach 3, Approach 1. (I would have been them in order, but I rarely do things the logical way.)
Approach #1 would actually be my SECOND choice for cinnamon toast. It has the same crispy/crunchy top as Approach #4. The only difference is that by mixing all the topping ingredients into a spread (as we did for Approach #4), we can add vanilla, which really adds a depth of flavor. (You can also add a little bit of grated nutmeg!) But Approach #1 is yummy.
I actually like how the cinnamon sugar caramelizes apart from the butter. It's kind of a nice little bonus feature.
VERDICT: Delicious.
Approach #2: For this one, we broiled the butter-smeared bread…then sprinkled on the cinnamon sugar after the fact.
VERDICT: Okay, this isn't bad. Broiling the toast with the butter lets the butter soak into the bread and just deepens the overall flavor. It's definitely missing the crispy caramelization…but I wouldn't turn it down if someone served it to me on a plate with a cappuccino from Starbucks.
And then there's this one. Approach #Gross.
Toasted the bread in the toaster. Then buttered it. Then sprinkled on the cinnamon sugar.
Yuck! Terrible! Dry! Boring
And that's the last opinion you'll ever hear from me.
Until I cover PB & J's…then LOOK OUT.
Goodbye, good luck, and may the good Lord take a likin' to you.
Pioneer Woman
Here's the printable recipe!
The “War for the Planet of the Apes” has only just begun, but the primates may have already bested their opponent, Spider-Man. That's because “Apes” is on its way to a $57 million opening weekend, all but officially usurping “Spider-Man: Homecoming” in its second frame.
After taking in $5 million on Thursday night previews alone, the third film in Fox's “Planet of the Apes” reboot did not monkey around as it pulled in $22 million from 4,022 theaters on Friday. Unless Peter Parker somehow throws a monkey wrench into their plans, “War” will walk away with a win this weekend to the tune of $57 million.
That number would put it on par with 2011's “Rise of the Planet of the Apes'” $54.8 million debut, but noticeably behind 2014's “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'” $72.6 million domestic launch.
While the victors usually get to write history, “Spider-Man: Homecoming” is still worth writing home about. The Sony-Marvel superhero pic is looking at a second outing just shy of $50 million. After taking in about $13 million on Friday, Tom Holland's stab at spidey is on track for $48 million from 4,348 locations by end of day Sunday — bringing “Spider-Man's” domestic cume to $211 million in two weeks' time.
Related Can ‘War for the Planet of the Apes' Unstick ‘Spider-Man' From No. 1 at the Box Office?
“Despicable Me 3” managed to maintain a spot in the top 3 this week thanks to a $6 million heist from 4,155 marks on Friday. The Universal-Illumination animated threequel will end the weekend with another $19 million, should everything go according to plan. Also in its third frame, “Baby Driver” from Working Title, Big Talk, TriStar, and Sony is on track for fourth place. An additional $2.5 million from 3,043 locales on Friday will give Ansel Elgort an $8 million weekend — bringing its total to $73 million.
Last but certainly not least, “The Big Sick” will finish in fifth after Lionsgate decided to expand the Amazon Studios romantic comedy to 2,597 sites from its previous 326. Kumail Nanjiani's rom-com had already amassed $8 million in its first three weeks, but this new wide release will actually double the comedy's domestic cume up to $16 million this weekend.
“Wonder Woman,” new horror entry “Wish Upon” (expecting just $5.5 million this weekend), “Cars 3,” “Transformers: The Last Knight,” and “The House” round out the top 10.
Last week, The Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust put Hillary Clinton in a “league of their own” when it comes to ethics violations.
“Elected officials are sent to Washington to follow and uphold the law and so they need to be held to the highest standard of ethics. Even the appearance of impropriety can quickly erode public trust, and Mrs. Clinton is in a league of their own” said Matthew G. Whitaker, FACT executive director. “We will continue to vigorously hold the lantern over unethical behavior so that we have a government that serves the public's interest, not the self-interests of leaders who think they are beyond reproach.”
While Clinton's misuse of State Department emails have made the most headlines, their preferential treatment of their son-in-law Marc Mezvinsky is also disconcerting, according to FACT's Executive Director Matthew Whitaker. On Fox News Monday morning, they expanded upon the new revelation that Clinton sought favors from State for an investment group Mezvinsky had an interest in:
“Her son-in-law received an email from a Goldman Sachs associate that had a representative invested in a company that had a business matter that the State Department is considering regarding deep sea mining. The business associate asked the son-in-law to forward an email. The son-in-law forwards it to Secretary of State Clinton and they forward it to the State Department for folks to follow up on. Average everyday citizens don't get that kind of access or the treatment they received.”
Clinton already has trust issues with the public. Demonstrating that they think she's above the law will not help that image.
Click here to read more about why Clinton placed so highly on FACT's worst ethics violators of 2015, as well as which other politicians made the cut.
The International Sociological Association (ISA) is a non-profit organization dedicated to scientific purposes in the field of sociology and social sciences. It is an international sociological body, gathering both individuals and national sociological organizations. The ISA was founded in 1949 under UNESCO and it has about 4,500 individual and 45 collective members, hailing from 167 countries. Its purpose is to "represent sociologists everywhere, regardless of their school of thought, scientific approaches or ideological opinion" and its objective is to "advance sociological knowledge throughout the world". Along with the Institut International de Sociologie (IIS), it is seen as a world leading international sociological organization.[1]
ISA is a member of the International Social Science Council with the status of the Non-Governmental Organization in formal associate relations with UNESCO and special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.
The ISA's international conference is held every four years, the last of which, the XVIIIth World Congress of Sociology was held in Yokohama, Japan, in July 2014. ISA also organizes a number of smaller conferences, and publishes two peers reviewed academic journals: Current Sociology and International Sociology.
ISA's first president (1949-1952) was Louis Wirth. The current president (2018-2022) is Sari Hanafi, Lebanon.
Origins [ edit ]
Earlier logo of ISA was similar, but used transparent font
The history of ISA can be traced to the 1948 initiative of UNESCO's Social Science Department.[2] The initiative was part of a larger plan aiming together to reform the social sciences worldwide, by improving the ties between scholars worldwide "to promote research in fields crucial to establishments of a peaceful world order".[2] As of 1949, sociological associations existed only in Belgium, Brazil, China, Germany, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, and the United States, with about twenty four more countries having sociologist represented in a different type of institution.[3] The Institut International de Sociologie (IIS), founded in 1893, was deemed too limited, and it was decided that a new organization needs to be created.[2][4] In the end, representatives from 21 countries were invited for a Constituent Congress, held in Oslo on 5–11 September 1949.[3][5][6][7] The original stated purpose of the organization was "to advance sociological knowledge throughout the world" through measures including developing "personal contacts between sociologists" in different regions and encouraging "international dissemination and exchange of information".[6] A provisional Council was appointed, as were an Executive Secretary, Treasurer, and the Secretariat personnel; statutes were adopted.[5] SA's first president was Louis Wirth.[8] The first ISA conference was planned for 1950.[5]
Activities [ edit ]
In 1952 ISA begun publishing an academic journal, Current Sociology.[9] 1971 marked the introduction of the official newsletter, the ISA Bulletin.[10] In 1986 ISA launched International Sociology, a peer-reviewed journal published six times annually and provided to all members.[11][12] International Sociology also has a child publication, a bi-annual International Sociology Review of Books.[13] Other ISA's publications include the book series Sage Studies in International Sociology Books[14] and ISA Handbooks.[15] It also has published its own code of ethics.[16]
In recent years, ISA has also launched a number of online initiatives, such as an electronic newsletter (Global Dialogue),[17] a blog[18] a Facebook account[19] and a series of videos (Public Sociology, Live,[20] Journeys Through Sociology[21] and Sociotube[22]).
ISA organizes World Congress of Sociology and Forum of Sociology (every four years). In addition ISA organizes a number of smaller, regional and thematic conferences.[11]
Organization [ edit ]
The statutes of ISA were first amended during the World Congress at Varna, and were subsequently amended again in 1974 at Toronto, 1978 at Uppsala, 1982 at Mexico City, 1986 at New Delhi, 1994 at Bielefeld and 2010 at Gothenburg.[7]
At first, the governing body of ISA was the council of national representatives.[23] The council elected the Executive Committee, which was composed of a President, three Vice-presidents, an Executive Secretary, and six other members.[23] In 1970 ISA allowed general individual membership (previously it focused on organizational membership).[24][25] Since then, ISA has both individual and collective members.[7] Currently, the Council of National Associations is supplemented by the Research Council, which is composed individual representatives of all Research Committees.[26] The two Councils hold the Assembly of Councils at the Congresses every four years, electing the President and other officials.[26]
Scientific activities of the ISA occur under the auspices of research committees that gather sociologists interested in similar subfields or topics within sociology.[27] As of 1997 there were 59 such groups with a total membership of 4442 individuals.[7][28][29] The two largest groups at that time were Migration and Social Stratification.[28] As of July 2012, ISA webpages listed 55 Research Committees, 3 Working Groups and 5 Thematic Groups.[29] As of 1994, ISA had 45 national associations as its members.[30] Currently its members come from 167 countries.[31]
The ISA Junior Sociologists Network (JSN) is a global network of students, early-career academics and practitioners to share information and create collaborations.[32]
ISA offices have changed their location several times; since 1987 they are located are in Madrid, Spain.[33] Although at its beginning, the ISA's budget consisted mainly of UNESCO funds, the modern ISA budget is primarily (90%) composed of membership dues and sales of publications; only 10% comes from grants of UNESCO/ISSC.[26]
The ISA is a member of the International Social Science Council with the status of the non-governmental organization in formal associate relations with UNESCO and special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations.[31][34]
The recognized languages of the ISA are English, French and Spanish; English is the organization's administrative language.[7]
ISA World Congresses [ edit ]
Since 1962 the ISA World Congress has taken place every four years in a different location; before that period, the Congresses were held every three years.[35][36] The programme of the association and the number of participants at the congresses have grown rapidly since the first Congress met in Zurich, Switzerland (1950) with about 150 participants; the 1994 congress in Bielefeld, Germany, attracted 3,678 participants.[37]
ISA Forums [ edit ]
The idea of the Forum gathers and redefines the traditionally organized ISA Research Council conference and the interim conferences of ISA Research Committees. It was an event with two kinds of programs: a general program conceived as a dialogue between Research Committees and made up of the papers presented by the RCs' delegates to the Research Council conference, and the parallel programs of the RCs organized by them. ISA Forums have been held in Barcelona (2008), Buenos Aires (2012), and Vienna (2016).[38]
ISA Award for Excellence in Research and Practice [ edit ]
ISA Award for Excellence in Research and Practice has been established in March 2013. It is awarded to a sociologist who advances and promotes sociological knowledge and practice through outstanding contributions to the discipline, the profession, and the ISA. The award is presented every four years at the World Congress of the International Sociological Association at a special ISA awards ceremony. Immanuel Wallerstein was the first recipient of the award at the ISA World Congress of Sociology, Yokohama, Japan, 2014.[39]
Survey on most influential works in sociology [ edit ]
In 1997, ISA conducted a survey of its membership to identify the 20th century's most influential books in sociology.[40] Members were asked to name the five books that had the most influence on their own professional work.[41][42] There were 455 respondents (16% of ISA's members),[41] of whom 20.9% named Economy and Society by Max Weber, placing it first on the ISA list.[43] The list was unveiled at the 1998 ISA congress.[44]
List of ISA Presidents [ edit ]
The following individuals held or hold the title of ISA president:[45]
CHAD: There was a lot of discussion during the season about your experience as a drag queen. On one hand, you had been dressing in drag since you were a teenager, but on the other, you had only performed seven times prior to Season 2. What was it like to be on the Drag Race so early in your career as a performing queen?
TATIANNA: It was a little intimidating, especially because I embellished how much I had actually performed. It was actually like 3 times. After seeing all the girls on the first day, I assumed I wasn't going to last very long!
CHAD: Looking back on it, are you glad you were on the show so early, or do you wish you had been on a later season?
TATIANNA: I'm happy I got on, period! The only reason I have grown and progressed the way I have is because I was just kind of thrown into this business following the show, so I'm definitely happy I was on so early. Who knows what kind of queen I would be, or if I would even be performing now, without having my experience on the show?
CHAD: During Season 2, no one questioned your impeccable beauty, but some of the queens claimed you weren't taking your drag far enough. How has your approach to drag evolved in the years since Season 2?
TATIANNA: I've definitely come full circle. There was a moment where I was really piling on the makeup and trying to be as costume-y as possible in an effort to be more "drag". Now I try to stay true to the realistic look I'm known for but also mix in different characters and looks to keep it interesting and fresh.
CHAD: Something that's always interested me about the Drag Race is that the best queens don't necessarily make the best reality TV stars. How do you think your personality played on TV? Would you have done anything differently after seeing the season aired?
TATIANNA: Well, for me, I feel a lot of the reason I lasted as long as I did in the competition was my personality and the drama I was a part of. If I could change anything, I would probably try not to care so much about having the other girls like me. To me, I came off a little whiny. But to my own defense, I was 21 years old lol... being almost 27 now, there are a lot of things I would do differently.
CHAD: You really, really nailed the Snatch Game. Like, it was perfection. Did you know what you were in for with that challenge? Had you ever done celebrity impersonations before?
Wife Makes Shocking Discovery A Reddit article went viral when a wife said they discovered their husband's micro-you know what AFTER they got hitched:
Someone Went Through Mike's Stuff Over the last few weeks, the office has been preparing for a visitor from corporate. Mike arrived to work today and saw a stack of their things with a
The Work Enemy A recent study said that most people have a, “work enemy.” We discuss the reasons why work enemies are formed… and then we take a hilarious call from Chris!
What's It Like To Be Super Ugly? Earlier this week we discussed Paul's beautiful daughter getting stuff for free, but what's it like for those for aren't as fortunate looking?
Robert Kelly's Snow Tubing Accident Robert Kelly had a painful end to their first run down an icy hill on their family snow tubing trip:
Attractive People Getting Stuff For Free Paul's daughter had a big car expense waved because of their good looks. We opened up the phone lines to see if other attractive people are getting things for
The Prune Juice Challenge If you want to experience stomach cramps and urgent bathroom runs – the prune juice challenge is for you!
Cheez-It vs. Cheese Nip Scott is passionate about Cheez-its. In their opinion, other cheese crackers don't even come close to the Cheez-it. We put them to the test to see if they could
Dorothy Performs Live In Studio Dorothy stopped by the 98 Rock studio to play an acoustic version of “Flawless” and “Ain't Our Time To Die.”
Blizzcon 2017 was large-scale showcase for all of Blizzard's titles with a particular focus on the Overwatch League. Last year Blizzard hosted the Overwatch World Cup for the first time which saw the top national teams in the world compete against each other. These teams were determined by fan voting last year. It did not really ensure the best talent from each region. South Korea won Overwatch World Cup 2016.
However, Blizzcon 2017 was not just about the Overwatch World Cup. The Overwatch World Cup 2017 was a definite step up from last year with close games and much more exciting matches. However there was so much more announced at Blizzcon 2017. This included a new hero – Moira, a new map – Blizzardworld, a new spectating experience and information about the Overwatch League.
There is no doubt that Overwatch was one of the main topics at Blizzcon 2017. With a lot riding on the success of the Overwatch League, both financially and in terms of acceptance, Blizzcon 2017 evoked interest from all corners of esports. Let us have a look at the various announcements and details revealed at Blizzcon 2017.
Moira
The twenty seventh Overwatch hero was announced at Blizzcon 2017 by Jeff Kaplan. The new support hero, called Moira is a very unique character with some similarities to other heroes yet quite different in execution. Them abilities show similarities to other heroes such as Reaper, Zenyatta and Zarya. However, they are not the same skills and definitely do not feel the same while playing. This support character also has a lot of mobility and damage compared to others in their group.
The biggest advantage for Moira is their versatility as a support hero.  They are extremely mobile especially with their ‘fade' ability which allows their horizontal displacement. Them Biotic grasp requires some good skill and positional management, which can get tricky if you are not skilled enough. The hero requires a decent skill level and yet is not difficult to master.
Skills
BIOTIC GRASP
Using their left hand, Moira expends biotic energy to heal allies in front of them Them right hand fires a long-range beam weapon that saps enemies' health, healing Moira and replenishing their biotic energy.
BIOTIC ORB
Moira launches a rebounding biotic sphere; they can choose between a regeneration effect that heals the allies it passes through, or a decay effect that deals damage to enemies.
FADE
Moira quickly teleports a short distance.
COALESCENCE
Moira channels a long-range beam that both heals allies and bypasses barriers to damage them enemies.
Moira Origins
The character has already received an Origins video which gives us a brief outlook on their history. Moira has been involved in the Blackwatch group which severed itself from Overwatch. Blackwatch included elements such as Reaper, Doomfist etc as they had a difference of ideologies than Overwatch.
The character is a geneticist who developed new methods and new techniques in research about genetics. Powerful techniques often result in venturing into grey areas of science, some of which might be considered illegal and immoral. However, they also turn out to be quite effective as has been portrayed in the video. While Overwatch limited their ability to research such dark and questionable streams in Science, they found a new sense of freedom under Blackwatch.
There has been no official announcement on the actual release date Moira. But we should not have to wait long as such announcements usually end up in the release of the hero within two to three weeks. We have seen similar timestamps in the past with new hero releases in Orisa, Doomfist etc. Moira is going to be extremely fun to play and their mobility makes them the most fast-paced support character.  They are the only support character with such high levels of mobility, something that makes them a difficult target to kill. Them skill set requires them to be in the action constantly. While this might potentially make them an easier target to kill, their mobility provides them with an escape route.
Blizzard World
The Idea behind Blizzardworld is plain and simple. Blizzcon is the culmination of all of Blizzard's game, titles, cosplay etc. Bringing it all together at Blizzcon is what makes the entire Blizzard community closely knit together.Making a map such as Blizzardworld which will closely resemble Blizzcon in its true nature and further unveiling it at Blizzcon is truly a masterstroke.
The map is a Hybrid map and takes its inspiration from various Blizzard titles such as Heroes of the Storm, Overwatch, World of Warcraft and of course Hearthstone.
BlizzardWorld is a Hybrid map and will feature a payload as well. The attacking side will have to complete three points, which includes capturing the first point and then moving the payload through to points two and three. These sections would most likely be different in design and architecture based on which title they represent. So we can have the first point to be closely resembling Hearthstone, while the remaining two points will have World of Warcraft, Heroes of the Storm.
The new map will not be available for play yet as Jeff Kaplan mentioned 2018 as the release year. However, it will soon be available to play in the PTR. Players can play in the test client and point out bugs and problems within the map. Considering that we are waiting for a 2018 release for Blizzardworld, there is a high possibility of it not being one of the maps for Overwatch league Season 1.
New Spectating Feature
For long, Overwatch has been plagued with a poor viewing experience. The game which was touted as being built for esports definitely did not feel like viewing esports due to its poor visibility. The mixture of colours and the fast-paced gameplay created a very confusing mixture of video for the average new viewer. It used to take a lot of effort to actually watch and understand the game. Viewers were unable to follow their favourite teams, players in this context. Blizzard acknowledged this problem and has been working hard to ensure a revamped and good experience for viewers. They have been working with prominent personalities from the community such Monte Cristo, Doa etc to provide a good spectating client.
The new spectating feature provides a better understanding of the teams and their abilities. The teams have been provided colours which are based on whether they are the home or the Away team. Overwatch League will be using a Home and Away system for their matches. Creating two different and ‘fixed' colours for the teams ensures that the viewer can understand the flow of the team fight. There are also ultimate percentage builders on top of the screen which will help you understand how close some character is to obtaining their ultimate.
This provides a deeper understanding behind the decision making of some of the professional players. The team coordination and the synergy that we see in many of the professional teams stems from small individual decisions. The positioning ( aggressive or defensive ) comes mainly from their intense and quick decision making.
The community has been generally positive about the changes to the viewing experience. While there are still complaints about the unusual colours, that is the extent of the disappointment. The colour scheme can be easily fixed with a few tweaks and fine tuning it according to users.
The viewership numbers for Overwatch World Cup were very encouraging especially considering the fact that Overwatch has been seeing low viewership numbers for a long time. It is one of the biggest concerns for everyone who is invested in the Overwatch esports scene. They want to ensure that Overwatch has a good viewership base, which is an indication of the interest in the game.
Reinhardt Short
There was also another short video posted about one of the most loved characters in Overwatch: Reinhardt. The main tank who has been shielding teammates since the game's inception finally has a short video about them and how they came into the role of the tank. The video depicts them in their youth as a very aggressive and flamboyant fighter who would want to wreak havoc instead of focussing on shielding their teammates. But with a tragic ending for their friend, it resulted in Reinhardt becoming more balanced and thoughtful about their teammates.
Long-Term Plans for Overwatch
Blizzard has already promised us a long-term vision when it comes to esports and Overwatch League in particular. With a business model similar to that of traditional sports, the only way that the Overwatch League goes into profits is if it holds the interest of fans for a long period of time.
The teams have invested $20 million each into their cities and will be investing more in building infrastructure and brand advertising for themselves. Over the years, Blizzard hopes that esports will grow in the same as traditional sports grew in the past. It would provide huge growth opportunities for the various teams involved in Overwatch League.
An image posted on social website Reddit showed a close-up view of the Overwatch World Cup. We can clearly see the year 2027 printed on the bottom left part of the cup, which gives us an indication of the proposed support for the game. Of course if we are to believe Blizzard they want the game and the league to be viable for several decades and not just a few years (till 2027).
Final Thoughts
Blizzcon 2017 delivered for Overwatch. With a new hero, a new map, a new viewing experience and the follow-up Overwatch League news definitely is the ultimate news story for all Overwatch fans. Blizzard have delivered on several fronts with the news at Blizzcon. Of course all the announcements are not for ready products. We will be seeing the new map only in 2018, which means that it will most likely not be in use in the inaugural season of Overwatch League.
With Blizzcon 2017 come to an end, we can only wait for more news about the Overwatch league. Blizzard has revealed information about the Overwatch League already and there is a palpable excitement about the biggest esports league.
Sword Art Online: Ordinal Scale became one of the most talked about anime movies in Malaysia after releasing in theaters on February 18th, 2017. The viewers had a good time, went back home after the movie ended, and had no problems for the rest of the month.
As if that's the case…
Two days after it's release, the largest cinema chain in Malaysia, Golden Screen Cinemas (GSC), released a statement which said accordingly:
Calling all SAO fans, it has come to our attention that some of you guys had recorded some of the movie and illegally… Posted by GSCMOVIES on Monday, February 20, 2017
In short, someone recorded parts of the movie and uploaded it online. Not only is this illegal, but this event will lead to GSC having difficulties securing anime screenings in the future.
The movie's distributor, ODEX Private Limited, released their own statement on the matter:
SWORD ART ONLINE movie 8 min leak from Singapore & MalaysiaDear SAO fans,We received a notice from Japan that there… Posted by ODEX Private Limited on Monday, February 20, 2017
As it said, the leaks were traced back to the fan screening in both Malaysia and Singapore that were held on February 18th, 2017. The leaks consisted of footage that were 8 to 10 minutes long.
While some might think this is a small matter, Japanese licencors take infringement really seriously, as stated by ODEX. As such, ODEX says that there might be a chance of Malaysia and Singapore being blacklisted from future anime releases. This is bad for the Malaysian and Singaporean anime communities and ODEX, which ODEX mostly serves Southeast Asian market.
ODEX reminds people to circulate the information to friends in order to help stop unauthorized recordings in theaters. It'll be hard for people to record in theaters if everyone knows that a person recording can ruin the country's future anime releases.
Tedy Bruschi and Herm Edwards agree that the Rams will stay in first place with a win over Seattle in Los Angeles. (0:57)
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- There was a time, Sammy Watkins admits, that this all would have played out a lot differently.
Watkins, the Los Angeles Rams' No. 1 receiver, was targeted only twice in Sunday's 35-30 victory over the Dallas Cowboys, with neither coming within the game's first 50 minutes. And they were totally fine with it, which is, well, unusual.
"Two years ago, it would've probably been different," Watkins said. "I would've probably gone to the media and been saying whatever, trying to get the coach's attention. That's how I used to do it back then. Like, 'I need more targets.' Then that comes to the coach, and me and them have to talk."
Watkins did it quite famously while with the Bills in October 2015, when they said the team was making them "look bad," then told The Buffalo News, "I need 10 targets." Now in their fourth NFL season, Watkins recalled that moment Thursday, four days after making only one catch in their fourth game with their new team. They laughed about how their method actually seemed to work -- Watkins averaged more than eight targets per game for the remainder of Buffalo's 2015 season -- but lamented how it played out in the locker room.
"It definitely helped me and my coach learn each other," Watkins said. "At the same time, I feel like it affected my teammates because they looked at it as selfish."
A foot injury, which forced Watkins to miss half of the 2016 season, triggered a change in perspective.
"I felt like I was consumed, and I was angry," Watkins said. "It was affecting my relationships with the coaches and with the players. I wanted to be great so bad, but I was also selfish, too. Because there were some games that we won and I didn't get the ball, and I was upset. I looked at both sides of it, like, yeah, it is a point where you want to be great, but you also have to understand what we have on this team."
Acquired in exchange for cornerback E.J. Gaines and a 2018 second-round pick near the middle of August, Watkins joined the Rams as their primary deep threat. But as time went on, they began to understand that their targets would become infrequent because the Rams wanted to spread the ball around and because they actually had the personnel to do it. That certainly has been the case so far. Watkins' targets through the first four weeks: 5, 2, 7, 2.
One hundred and five NFL receivers have been targeted more frequently this season.
Surrounded by target-worthy teammates, Rams receiver Sammy Watkins looks to be shedding the "selfish" label they acquired with tantrums during their Buffalo days. Chris Williams/Icon Sportswire
"I have to just be honest with myself: There are a lot of guys who are really good in this wide-receiver room," Watkins said. "Not just wide receivers, but you have the tight ends, you have a running back who needs their touches, and there are a lot of guys who can do just about the same that I can do. When you have as much potential in one room, I have to be honest and say I'm not going to get 20 targets like an Odell Beckham or a Julio Jones or these other guys. But I'll take winning games over making myself feel good."
Rams running back Todd Gurley has been absorbing an inordinate amount of the touches, but the receivers and tight ends basically have alternated in making an impact. In Week 1, the targets were pretty evenly distributed, with Watkins, Robert Woods and Cooper Kupp combining for 16. In Week 2, Kupp drew a team-leading six targets. In Week 3, Watkins and Woods combined for 12 receptions on 14 targets for 214 yards. In Week 4, it was Kupp, Woods and second-year tight end Tyler Higbee drawing a combined 19 targets.
"When you do have the variety of skill players that we have, you don't want to just force-feed a guy," Rams coach Sean McVay said. "I think that enables us to spread the field, use everybody."
Watkins, a potential free agent at season's end, went from making six catches for 106 yards and two touchdowns against the 49ers to making one catch for 17 yards against the Cowboys: a big one, near their shoestrings, to put the Rams in field-goal range with five minutes left. Watkins spent that entire game repeating one phrase to himself: "Stay in it."
Remaining engaged despite minimal action, Watkins said, "is the biggest challenge for any wide receiver that's used to having 20-target or 15-target games."
"But I know those plays are coming my way, and I've got to make those plays," Watkins said. "Neither of us is going to get 15 targets a game. We have too many great guys that need their touches. So for me, it's really just focus on blocking, focus on getting open, focus on showing Coach that I can play without the ball, that I'm not selfish."
Imagine you are the first person from your neck of the woods to be good at something. Not just good, but great. It would be nice, wouldn't it?
You would be forever marked out as special, out of the ordinary, a pioneer.
Imagine then what it would feel like if somebody else from your neighbourhood came along and did it better.
You would feel a little less special, wouldn't you? Particularly if the guy who had surpassed your achievements then accused you of being jealous.
Three-time Tour de France champion Greg LeMond does not need to imagine because they know what it feels like.
The "guy" is Lance Armstrong. Armstrong: the man who had indirectly brought LeMond to London, where we met on Monday.
It would have been good for me to see them as a champion, but it wasn't a true story and this has been a huge blow for cycling Greg LeMond on Lance Armstrong
What I wanted to know was what it felt like now that, a decade later, the man who had eclipsed them had been revealed as a fraud, a bully, a cheat and a liar.
"Not as good as it should," said LeMond, with a weariness that could not be blamed on jet-lag. "I would much rather see an American seven-time Tour de France winner there too, because I had a commercial interest in seeing that through my bike company.
"It would have been good for me to see them as a champion, but it wasn't a true story and this has been a huge blow for cycling."
The bike company in question was LeMond Racing Cycles, a range LeMond developed and licensed to one of the largest manufacturers in the world, Trek.
Trek was not just any manufacturer. It also supplied Armstrong with their bikes, sponsored them and even gave them a stake in the business. While Armstrong got rich, LeMond got litigation after voicing their concerns about Armstrong's methods.
The relationship between LeMond and Trek formally ended in 2010 but it had been on the rocks since 2001, when LeMond first raised the issue.
But now Armstrong has been revealed as perhaps the biggest fraud in sporting history and been dropped by numerous sponsors, among them Trek, LeMond is once again the only American to have won Le Tour.
"Do I feel vindicated? When you go through as much as I did, it is hard to describe. I literally lost so much and the stress on my family was huge," the 51-year-old said.
"I was in dispute with Trek, but there was a lot of interaction between me and Armstrong in other areas. It almost became like they were stalking me. That stress can kill you.
"I had so many hopes that maybe I could have that stress and them out of my life, but I didn't think he'd ever fall. When it happened…"
LeMond's victories 1983: Wins world road race title
Wins world road race title 1986: First non-European to win Tour de France
First non-European to win Tour de France 1989: Beats Laurent Fignon by eight seconds, to win the closest finish to a Tour de France
Beats Laurent Fignon by eight seconds, to win the closest finish to a Tour de France 1989: Wins world road race for second time
Wins world road race for second time 1990: Became the sixth man to win at least three Tours de France
They did not need to finish the thought.  They are not the only one who assumed Armstrong would never be toppled.
LeMond was in London for two days of talks under the Change Cycling Now (CCN) banner.
Set up as a response to the Armstrong scandal, the first gathering of this eclectic group resulted in a manifesto for reform entitled the "charter of the willing", with a reluctant LeMond nudged into the leadership role.
It is not a position the unassuming Californian is comfortable with, or perhaps even cut out for, but it was the most sensible option for a group long on noble aims but short on clout.
CCN's band of anti-dopers, bloggers, business people, ex-riders and journalists are fed up with the apparent failings of the International Cycling Union (UCI), the sport's governing body.
According to the United States Anti-Doping Agency's landmark report into Armstrong's epic cheating, published in October, the UCI did not just fail to catch Armstrong, but the report seriously called into question the UCI's actions over the period and whether their anti-doping procedures enabled them to get away with it.
The Swiss-based body denies this, but cycling's roll of doping dishonour is damning enough. The incompetence charge sticks.
LeMond had already called for the resignations of UCI president Pat McQuaid and honorary president Hein Verbruggen, McQuaid's predecessor in the top job, so it was no surprise to see that demand appear in CCN's "road map for the future direction of competitive cycling".
What would be surprising is if McQuaid and Verbruggen complied. But let's imagine they did and cycling was looking for a caretaker manager.
That temporary custodian could then implement CCN's plan for a "Truth and Reconciliation Commission", an investigation of the UCI during the Armstrong era, and push forward with the creation of an independent body to run the sport's anti-doping regime.
LeMond races to victory in the 1989 Tour de France
"I was cornered and forced into saying yes, I'd do it, if there was nobody else," LeMond said, with palpable embarrassment.
"The goal of the group is change and there are people out there who would make great presidents of the UCI. I'm not certain I would, but I would be willing to do it temporarily.
"I'd prefer to be part of the group that looks at how you can return transparency and credibility to the sport, but if that requires an interim position, well, I would love to be part of the process."
In truth, the American is unlikely to become president of the UCI, temporarily or otherwise. McQuaid shows no signs of stepping down voluntarily, while LeMond has no real powerbase and only limited contact with today's riders.
What LeMond has in buckets is authenticity. Unlike Armstrong, they are a real all-American hero. LeMond did it clean.
Blessed with a remarkable engine, the "LeMonster" could climb, race, time-trial, and do it all over again the following day. They were a phenomenon and is unlucky to have won only three Tour titles.
Already a world road race champion, they came third in their Tour debut in 1984, despite riding in support of victorious Frenchman Laurent Fignon.
They then repeated the "super domestique" role in 1985 for another local hero, Bernard Hinault. LeMond came second that year, giving up a good chance at the yellow jersey to allow Hinault their fifth Tour victory.
The following year was supposed to be payback time but what ensued was a civil war that made the Bradley Wiggins-Chris Froome rivalry look like a squabble over who was in charge of tunes on the Team Sky bus.
LeMond triumphed in one of the greatest Tours of all time, only for their brother-in-law to put 60 shotgun pellets into their back and side in a freakish hunting accident that not only wiped out their next two seasons, but almost killed him.
They returned in 1989 to beat Fignon in a blistering final time-trial on the Champs-Elysees. Their average speed that day has only been bettered twice in Tour history, while their overall winning margin of eight seconds is the race's narrowest. They would add a second world title that year and a third Tour victory in 1990.
You could argue that by reclaiming their rightful place at cycling's top table, certainly as the most senior non-European, LeMond is already "part of the process" in terms of the example they have set.
In the same way they would not let Hinault get away with a broken promise in 1986, be beaten by their injuries in 1987-88, or be daunted by Fignon's 50-second lead going into the last 25km in 1989, LeMond is still there, post-Armstrong, fighting for their sport.
The reality is that cycling is changing now and LeMond should feel vindicated for that, if nothing else.
News Release (510) 486-6491 •
In the first study of its kind, scientists at the Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) quantitatively show that electric vehicles (EVs) will meet the daily travel needs of drivers longer than commonly assumed. Many drivers and much prior literature on the retirement of EV batteries have assumed that EV batteries will be retired after the battery has lost 20 percent of its energy storage or power delivery capability. This study shows that the daily travel needs of drivers continue to be met well beyond these levels of battery degradation.
Samveg Saxena, who leads a vehicle powertrain research program at Berkeley Lab, analyzed real-world driving patterns and found that batteries that have lost 20 percent of their originally rated energy storage capacity can still meet the daily travel needs of more than 85 percent of U.S. drivers. They and their research team also analyzed battery power fade and found that even after substantial loss in battery power capabilities performance requirements are still met.
“There are two main reasons people are hesitant to buy an EV: first, they're unsure it will satisfy their mobility needs, and second, they're afraid the battery won't last the whole life of the car and they'll have to replace it for a lot of money,” said Saxena, who has a PhD in mechanical engineering. “We show that, even after substantial battery degradation, the daily travel needs of most people are still going to be met.”
The analysis of battery life was published online recently with open access in the Journal of Power Sources, “Quantifying EV battery end-of-life through analysis of travel needs with vehicle powertrain models,” which Saxena co-authored with Jason MacDonald of Berkeley Lab and Caroline Le Floch and Scott Moura of UC Berkeley.
With today's EV batteries, “end of life” is commonly defined as when the storage capacity drops down to 70 to 80 percent of the original capacity. As capacity fades, the vehicle's range decreases. The Berkeley Lab researchers decided to investigate the extent to which vehicles still meet the needs of drivers beyond this common battery retirement threshold.
To conduct the study, the researchers took nearly 160,000 actual driving itineraries from the National Household Travel Survey conducted by the Department of Transportation. These are 24-hour travel itineraries showing when a car was parked or driving, including both weekend and weekday usage by drivers across the United States.
The researchers then assumed all itineraries were driven using a vehicle with specifications similar to a Nissan Leaf, which has about 24 kilowatt-hours of energy storage capacity, similar to many other EVs on the market, and 400 kW of discharge power capability, which was based on battery cell-level measurement data for the chosen vehicle.
This data was fed into the team's unique simulation tool, V2G-Sim, or Vehicle-to-Grid Simulator. Developed by Saxena and other Berkeley Lab researchers, V2G-Sim quantifies second-by-second energy use while driving or charging for any number of different vehicle or charger types under varying driving conditions.
Then for each of the itineraries, they changed different variables, including not only the battery's energy storage capacity, but also when the car was charged (for example, level 1 charger [standard 120V outlet] at home only, level 1 charger at home and work, level 2 charger [240V outlet] at home and level 1 charger at work, and so on), whether it was city or highway driving, whether the air conditioner was on, and whether the car was being driven uphill. More than 13 million individual daily state-of-charge profiles were computed.
“People have commonly thought, ‘if I buy an EV, I'll have to replace the battery in a few years because I'll lose the ability to satisfy my driving needs, and it's not worth it,'” Saxena said. “We have found that only a small fraction of drivers will no longer be able to meet their daily driving needs after having lost 20 percent of their battery's energy storage capabilities. It is important to remember that the vast majority of people don't drive more than 40 miles per day on most days, and so they have plenty of reserve available to accommodate their normal daily trips even if they lose substantial amounts of battery capacity due to degradation.”
As the battery continues to degrade down to 50 percent of its original energy storage capacity, the research found that the daily travel needs of more than 80 percent of U.S. drivers can still be met, and at 30 percent capacity, 55 percent of drivers still have their daily needs met. “Even if a driver has a long, unexpected trip beyond the normal daily travel, an EV battery with substantial capacity fade can often still make the trip,” Saxena said.
The Berkeley Lab scientists also analyzed power capacity fade, or the declining ability of the battery to deliver power, such as when accelerating on a freeway onramp, as it ages. They modeled the impact of power fade on a vehicle's ability to accelerate as well as to climb steep hills and complete other drive cycles. They found that power fade for the chosen vehicle does not have a significant impact on an EV's performance, and that a battery's retirement will be driven by energy capacity fade rather than by power fade.
“In fact, our analysis showed that the battery pack we studied, the Nissan Leaf, has a large margin of extra power capability,” Saxena said. “Energy capacity fade is really the limiting factor for this vehicle, not power fade.”
The researchers thus conclude that “range anxiety may be an over-stated concern” since EVs can meet the daily travel needs of more than 85 percent of U.S. drivers even after losing 20 percent of their originally rated battery capacity. They also conclude that batteries can “satisfy daily mobility requirements for the full lifetime of an electric vehicle.”
Given these results, the authors propose that an EV battery's actual retirement may be delayed to when it can no longer meet the daily travel needs of a driver, leading many EV batteries to have a longer lifetime than is commonly assumed. Future work will involve providing personalized EV information for drivers, which takes into account an individual's driving behavior.
“In sum, we can lose a lot of storage and power capability in a vehicle like a Leaf and still meet the needs of drivers,” Saxena said.
This research was funded through the Laboratory Directed Research and Development (LDRD) program at Berkeley Lab. V2G-Sim is available for licensing through Berkeley Lab's Innovation and Partnerships Office.
# # #
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit www.lbl.gov.
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
Introduction
Just the other day I wrote up what has been as truly pleasurable keyboard to use all the time, no matter that situation, the Vengeance K90 for MMO and RTS gamers, but today we have something a bit different.
In that review I stressed that just because the title said it wasn't specifically geared towards those of us with headshots in an FPS title, it was still very useable for anyone, not just MMO and RTS players. With the latest submission from Corsair I now get why regular users and FPS gamers were left out!
The mechanical keyboard I am looking at today is really a shrink of the original K90. By this I mean that it offers almost all of the same functionality, but two major components have been removed leaving a much smaller overall keyboard design once all of the G-keys are removed and of course the M-keys are gone as well. The second part to get the axe and what I miss the most is that super cool blue LED backlighting of the keys that would reflect off of the aluminum top for a visually tricked out appearance. Just because a couple of things have been removed doesn't mean that that is the end of the story. Even though Corsair removed a couple of the tricks that is going to make the K90 one of the most successful selling mechanical keyboards this year, the little brother doesn't hold back either, it just got looked at from a different approach during the design.
If you liked what you read about the K90, want to save a bit of cash on the purchase and Macro keys and LEDS aren't top of your list of "must haves" in a keyboard, then the latest submission is right up your alley. The Vengeance K60 Performance FPS mechanical gaming keyboard offers plenty of bang for the buck with the fact it keeps the Cherry MX red switches, the contoured wrist rest that even holds a surprise inside and lastly there is the material choices with aluminum winning out for the choice of materials to face this keyboard with.
That in mind, I say we get right into it and you can see for yourself if the K90 we just saw, or this streamlined version, the Vengeance K60 is the right weapon of choice for your hours of FPS gaming.
(Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Any D.C. area resident who cares about running has heard of Pacers running stores. With five locations throughout Northern Virginia and the District, plus a popular training program and a bunch of annual races, Pacers is entrenched in the market. And I've never even considered the overlap between the Pacers name and the Indiana basketball team.
But Chris Farley has. Farley, the chain's owner and general manager, is a lifelong D.C. sports fan. He's all taken with Wizards Fever. And they couldn't abide the perception that their running stores were aligned with the enemy.
And so the company announced that its Logan Circle/P Street location will officially change its name to “Wizards Running Store,” effective immediately and through the end of this weekend's two-game homestand.
“The Bullets/Wizards franchise hasn't made the Eastern Conference Finals in 35 years and a series win against the Pacers would be great for our city, fans, and community,” Farley said in a release. “We want to support our hometown team, even if that means temporarily changing our store name.”
In conjuction with the change, from May 9 May 11, the Logan Circle “Wizards Running Store” will donate 10 percent of gross sales to the DCXC project, which attempts to introduce D.C. kids to distance running. There will also be a “Wizards Running Stores” banner outside the location, although obviously they aren't using the team's official logos, colors or script, and are not attempting to imply that they're in any way affiliated with the team.
Happy that we have a team in the playoffs? Show your @WashWizards pride with a limited edition tee from Pacers! pic.twitter.com/gAlHwSmd8q — Pacers Running Store (@runpacers) May 7, 2014
Naturally, Farley is a tad nervous about any legal issues in using the Wizards name, even as a goof meant to support the home team. When their company trademarked its Pacers name, it had to agree not to sell any NBA gear or use the NBA or Pacers likeness.
“But I'm a huge Washington D.C. sports fan and couldn't help myself with this. I'll ask for forgiveness later,” they wrote in an e-mail. “My Bullets/Wizards Fever is at a 10 out of 10. I've lived in the Washington D.C. area for all my 38 years. I go to a dozen games a year. I don't remember 1978, so watching these playoffs feeling like my team can and will actually win the game is amazing.
“The fever is contagious too,” they wrote. “Sports brings communities together like nothing else. I've got employees who have never watched NBA basketball watching every game! I don't want to jinx it, but I really think the team could be on to something really big this year. Really Big!”
And in other community buzz news, the Passenger on Seventh Street now has a quintet of Wizards-themed cocktails.
Google has recently been getting lots of love for the Chromecast, the $35 dongle that allows anyone to send webpages onto the TV and can also play YouTube, with Vimeo, HBO Go, Pandora and Hulu all pledging support.
It was only a matter of time before other developers and companies hopped on the bandwagon, hoping to gain a little bit of traction. It seems the open source option is in first, PiCast, made with the same idea and running on Raspberry Pi.
The price comes around the same, a Raspberry Pi computer costs around $25 – 35 and allows the user to make customisations and essentially create whatever they want, if they have the knowledge.
Lance Seidman has taken their Raspberry Pi and created it into a more open source and a little harder to learn Chromecast. The developer believes because of the open community help in creating apps, soon the PiCast will have more “support” than the Chromecast.
Seidman has already got webpages working and has finally fixed YouTube to get it working too, but there is still a way to go before it can be a worthy investment and not just something for hackers and developers who find the Chromecast too walled off to the community.
All the user needs to do is getting a Raspberry Pi computer and then download the PiCast from GitHub. Raspberry Pi has been used for lots of new weird and wacky technologies and we are glad to see the open source community creating what could be a worthy competitor.
Source: YouTube
In their end-of-year media availability, Flames GM Brad Treliving had this to say about their goalie situation, which currently features Karri Ramo, Jonas Hiller and Joni Ortio:
“A wise man one told me there's only one net.
“Carrying three goalies, you can do it for a short period of time, it doesn't make sense. I think all three goalies have shown the ability to play.
“I thought we had good goaltending, but we need time to decompress, push away and think clearly about what we think is our best decision.”
The most obvious — and perhaps easiest — solution to slaying the three-headed goalie monster is letting Ramo walk when they become a UFA on July 1. While Ramo played well at times for Calgary this season and probably still has some good years left (he turns 29 this summer), the club has Hiller under contract through 2016 and, next season, can't send Ortio down to the AHL without subjecting them to waivers.
Ortio, 24, is a pretty intriguing player. They went 4-2-0 with a 2.52 GAA and .908 save percentage in a brief six-game cameo with the Flames this year and, in the AHL, went 21-13-1 with a 2.69 GAA, .912 save percentage and four shutouts. They were named Adirondack's MVP and could conceivably be Calgary's goalie of the future.
Or maybe the present.
“No one wants to back up. Everyone wants to play,” Ortio said recently, per NHL.com. “That's what I'll be looking to do next September in camp, trying to steal that No. 1 job.”
Under normal circumstances, Ortio would likely be in line for a full season as the backup, to gain valuable experience and learn how to perform at the NHL level. But Flames head coach Bob Hartley doesn't take a very normal approach when it comes to their goalies — he'll play whomever gives them the best chance at winning, like this postseason; Hiller was great against Vancouver for most Round 1, but it was Ramo that came on in relief in the deciding Game 6 and recorded the victory.
In Round 2, against Hiller's former Ducks team, Hartley threw their support behind the Swiss netminder… only to tab Ramo as the starter just one game into the series.
In light of this, it's easy to see why Ortio thinks they can be the No. 1 next year.
“The opportunity is going to be there,” Ortio explained. “It's just up to me to grab it. No one is going to give it to me. I need to go take it myself.”
Press Trust of India
The Jammu and Kashmir vigilance department has registered a case againt nine people, including a former revenue secretary and members of a trust run by the earstwhile royal Dogra family, in connection with a multi- crore land scam, officials said today.
The department found that the Dharmarth Trust used a forged report and leased out a 75-acre government land to seven private business people at a cost of Rs 2.90 crore.
A case has been registered against Sachin Dev Singh, then assistant commissioner revenue, Jammu, other officials of the revenue department and members of the Dharmarth Trust.
They have been charged for corruption, forgery and criminal conspiracy, an official spokesperson said.
Vigilance department officials carried out searches at several locations in Jammu and Rajouri and seized documents related to the case, the spokesperson said.
Run by the erstwhile royal Dogra family, the Trust was founded in 1846 by Maharaja Gulab Singh to maintain temples and other properties associated with them in Kashmir, Jammu, Himachal Pradesh, Haridwar and Varanasi.
There is a hunger crisis taking place across the United States, and it is likely to get even worse. As of 2012, 49 million Americans suffer from food insecurity, defined by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) as lack of access to “enough food for an active, healthy life.” Nearly one-third of the afflicted are children. And millions of them don't even have access to food stamps, according to a new report from the anti-hunger organization Feeding America.
The report, called “Map the Meal Gap,” tracks food insecurity by county and finds some regions of the country where the child food insecurity rate can go as high as 41%. The major hot spots for hunger tend to be rural counties, nearly 60% of which are classified as “High Child Food-Insecurity Rate Counties.” Yet in terms of absolute numbers, major urban areas take the lead, with Los Angeles County alone laying claim to more than 620,000 food insecure children.
“The variation of food insecurity at the county level is quite significant,” said Feeding America's Chief Communication and Development Officer Maura Daly. Among both children and adults, the least hungry county in the United States is Slope County, N.D., which has a food insecurity rate of 4%. Humphreys County, Miss., where about a third of the population is food insecure, lies at the other end of the spectrum.
About 27% of food insecure people—including 32% of food insecure children—live in households which are ineligible for food stamps, the main public assistance program dedicated to combating hunger. That's because food stamps only go to households with an income at or below 185% of the poverty line; hunger, though it may be linked in the popular imagination with utter destitution, is now encroaching on the lower middle class.
“When we talk about unemployment being one of the primary drivers of food insecurity, oftentimes you have people living right on that brink of 200% of poverty or higher,” said Daly. “And if you have a loss of a job [in the household] … you can go almost overnight from a food secure household to a food insecure household.”
As grim as the numbers look, they probably don't capture the full extent of the problem. The 2014 edition of “Map the Meal Gap” tracks trends in food insecurity between 2011 and 2012. In all likelihood, subsequent policy decisions in Washington have caused food insecurity to rise even higher. Feeding America and other anti-hunger organizations have yet to quantify the damage done by the 2013 food stamp cuts and the further cuts included in the 2014 Farm Bill.
“I think it's very possible that we will see an increase in food insecurity as a result of the [food stamp] cuts,” said Daly. “Unfortunately, all data is retrospective when it comes to federal government tracking and we oftentimes don't know these things until later.”
Yet early indicators are not encouraging. Feeding America's member food banks—described by Daly as “canaries in a mineshaft” when it comes to hunger—are reporting ever-increasing levels of demand for their services. Recent actions on the state level may have helped to slow the rate of rising hunger, but not stop it, much less reverse it. At least for the near future, America seems likely to only get hungrier.
Ruppert Murdoch is reshuffling their empire. Today they announced that BskyB, their British carrier has bought the 21st Century Fox 57% stake in German broadcaster Sky Deutschland.
Under German rules, once you transfer more than 30%, you have to make an offer to all other shareholders as well. This is from the offical web site:
Offer to minority Sky Deutschland shareholders
Following the agreement to acquire 21st Century Fox's 57.4% stake in Sky Deutschland, BSkyB has announced that it will launch a voluntary cash offer to Sky Deutschland's minority shareholders at €6.75 per share. There is no minimum acceptance condition as BSkyB believes it can realise the advantages of closer collaboration with Sky Deutschland and support its continued growth and development with the 57.4% stake it is acquiring through this transaction.
Although no details have been published yet, I think the likelihood of this going through is very high. Consequently, the stock now trades at 6,75 EUR.
However I find this quite interesting because if you buy the stock now, you get a free put option, as you will be able to tender the stock into the offer at some point in time. Depending on the time horizon, this option is worth between 4,5-8% (30-90 days). I don't think that there will be a higher offer or something, but based on the historical volatility there is a good chance that we see slightly higher prices. Effectively it is a 0% savings account (quite attractive these days) with a bonus component.
Of course you cannot sell the option directly, but you can buy the share and make a pretty one sided bet on higher prices until the offer expires. At current prices there is no downside risk. A more sophisticated investor could buy the stock and sell a call in order to monetize the put option.
It is to a certain extent quite similar to the FIAT case but in my opinion with less execution risk.
Just to be on the safe side: I would not buy Sky Deutschland outright, this is a pure “special situation” investment.
For the portfolio, I will allocate a 2,5% position at current prices to this special situation, my return target is 5% within the next 30-90 days.
DISLAIMER: This is not a free lunch, of course there are risks which I haven't mentioned or though of. But to me it looks like a pretty good risk/return progile.
Word has it that China's People's Liberation Army Navy has staged a breakthrough in submarine propulsion. At any rate, that's the word from marine engineer Rear...
Word has it that China's People's Liberation Army Navy has staged a breakthrough in submarine propulsion. At any rate, that's the word from marine engineer Rear Adm. Ma Weiming, a specialist in electromagnetic systems.
Adm. Ma recently reported on state-run CCTV that shipwrights are installing shaftless rim-driven pumpjets in China's “next-generation nuclear submarines,” meaning attack or ballistic-missile boats. Ma crowed that Chinese engineers are “now way ahead of the United States, which has also been developing similar technology.”
If Adm. Ma is playing it straight — rather than hyping promising but yet-to-be-proven gadgetry — then the PLA Navy is poised to overcome a technological and tactical defect that has plagued it since its founding. American submariners long lampooned Soviet and Chinese nuclear boats for being noisy and easy to detect.
PLA Navy boats remained backward long after the Cold War. Ultraquiet propulsion, though, would put an end to unquestioned U.S. acoustic supremacy, opening up new operational and strategic vistas before the PLA Navy while ushering in a deadlier phase of U.S.-China strategic competition.
The rim-driven pumpjet is an electrically driven “propulsor” that simplifies and thus quiets an engineering plant. Older technology typically uses gears to connect the elements of a drive train. Steam spins the innards of high-speed turbines. Turbines spin far too fast for any main propulsion shaft or propeller, however, so ships outfitted with traditional engineering plants have “main reduction gears” that step down the speed of rotation drastically, to speeds useful for the shaft that turns the screw and impels the hull through the water.
Gears are noisemakers. Pumpjet technology dispenses with them, simplifying and silencing plant operations.
The design also reduces cavitation — bubbles churned up when a propeller turns rapidly underwater, leaving low-pressure zones behind the blades where water can boil. Cavitation emits noise that enemy sonar operators may hear. Thus it can alert hostile anti-submarine-warfare forces, helping them find, track and target the emitter. Hence the allure of novel technology that suppresses cavitation.
A Chinese Type 094 ballistic missile submarine. Photo via Chinese Internet
Now, there are ample grounds for skepticism toward Adm. Ma's claims. New technology remains a hypothesis until tested out in real-world operations. But at the same time it's doubtful Ma was simply showboating for Chinese T.V. viewers.
Rising competitors have caught up with established navies before, or even leapfrogged them in certain areas. The Imperial Japanese Navy defied expectations, devising the Long Lance torpedo that it deployed to devastating effect at Pearl Harbor. The Soviet Navy concocted anti-ship missiles and torpedoes that give the U.S. Navy fits to this day.
Thus it behooves us to ask what if — what if China pulls off a technological leap of similar magnitude?
Set aside the question of whose submarines are quieter than whose. Boastfulness — the urge to be the biggest, best and most everything, and to have others acknowledge it — forms a strand in China's cultural DNA. Ma is indulging in it. But no one is going to hold a contest to measure noise given off by U.S. Navy and PLA Navy boats, and award victory to the quietest fleet.
Combat is the true arbiter of military effectiveness — and undersea combat hinges on whether “hiders” or “finders” prevail. It pits a sub's capacity for silent running against the acuity of ASW sensors and operators trying to ferret it out.
In other words, if American hiders remain quiet enough to evade Chinese finders, they hold the advantage of stealth. If acoustics has befriended the PLA Navy, then American finders have a problem. And if both submarine services can elude ASW hunters, then both they and surface fleets are in dire peril.
“Peer” submarines could engage one another at close proximity in the deep, or strike against surface vessels without warning. Indeed, the surface of embattled oceans could verge on no-go territory. That prospect makes this thought experiment about the future of subsurface warfare worthwhile.
A sonar technician aboard the destroyer USS ‘Howard' tosses a sonar buoy into the Pacific. U.S. Navy photo
Suppose rim-driven pumpjet propulsors do pan out for China's navy. How might commanders use newly elusive boats?
First of all, they might afford nuclear-powered ballistic-missile submarines — SSBNs, known to U.S. submariners as “boomers” — precedence when installing newfangled propulsion hardware. The PLA Navy already operates a sizable fleet of diesel-electric attack subs that satisfices for anti-access/area-denial purposes. They can make shift until silent-running nuclear-powered attack subs, or SSNs, join the fleet. report this ad
SSNs can wait. By contrast, the navy stands at the brink of fielding its first effective SSBNs.
Fabricating a new capability would seem to take precedence over improving an old but adequate one — especially if the nation's nuclear deterrent depends on the new capability. If this logic prevails, how will the PLA Navy employ working boomers?
To all appearances, it envisions employing the South China Sea as an offshore “bastion” for SSBNs, much as the Soviet Navy of yesteryear made semi-enclosed waters into protected bastions for its missile boats. Undersea deterrence, then, probably numbers among the motives impelling the PLA to transform rocks and atolls into fortified outposts, acquaint itself with underwater hydrography, and so forth.
China's Type 094 SSBNs or their pumpjet-equipped descendants could slip out of the sub base on Hainan Island, descend into South China Sea waters, lose themselves in the depths and dare rival navies to come into China's “near seas” — expanses that fall under the shadow of land-based PLA missiles and aircraft — to hunt them.
Or if Chinese Communist Party leaders feel comfortable granting SSBN skippers the liberty to venture outside the near seas (though that's a lot of atomic firepower to entrust to a naval officer whose loyalties might prove suspect), the Luzon Strait affords a convenient entryway to the western Pacific. Within the strait lies the Bashi Channel, a deep underwater thoroughfare into the Pacific.
The weather between Luzon and the southern tip of Taiwan often works against airborne ASW. Subs transiting the channel can conceal their whereabouts by diving beneath thermal layers that play tricks with sound. An ultraquiet SSBN, in short, could thrive in South China Sea patrol grounds — and beyond.
A Chinese boomer. Photo via Chinese Internet
Second, PLA Navy commanders doubtless salivate at the prospect of ultraquiet attack boats. They could merge new SSNs — presumably the Type 095s under development — into their anti-access defenses against the U.S. Pacific Fleet. They could package new with old units inventively. For example, they could station a picket line of diesel boats and older Type 093 SSNs along likely axes of approach from Hawaii or U.S. West Coast seaports.
Speedy but quiet Type 095s could act as “skirmishers,” operating forward of the pickets. SSNs could snipe at the Pacific Fleet's flanks during its westward voyage while scouting for the rest of the fleet, and for shore-based PLA defenders. They could mount piecemeal attacks against the American fleet, or even try to herd it toward the picket line for additional punishment.
PLA commanders thus could use ultramodern platforms to wring new value out of legacy platforms. Such an approach would harness the latest technology while staying true to China's Maoist tradition of “active defense.”
Active defense — which, as Chinese military folk remind us, remains the “essence” of Chinese military strategy decades after Mao Zedong's demise — envisions luring foes deep into Chinese-held territory. PLA defenders stage tactical actions to weary enemies as they come. They fall on isolated units and try to smash them. Successive small-scale attacks enfeeble enemy forces, setting the stage for decisive battle on Chinese ground.
Think about the options that may become available to Chinese skippers as propulsor technology matures. Diesel boats could act as western Pacific pickets, or congregate in wolfpacks to concentrate firepower from multiple axes. Relatively noisy Type 093s could act as decoys, distracting American ASW hunters while Type 095s spring ambushes at opportune moments. And on and on. Commanders could combine and recombine forces in limitless ways — in keeping with China's way of war.
Call it undersea active defense.
Sonar technicians aboard the destroyer USS ‘Howard.' U.S. Navy photo
Third, the advent of quiet-running SSNs would let the PLA Navy play submarine-on-submarine games reminiscent of those once played by U.S. and Soviet boats.
To date, lacking a peer to U.S. Navy Los Angeles– or Virginia-class SSNs, the PLA Navy has employed its submarine fleet mainly as an anti-surface force. It waits offshore for hostile forces to approach, then does its best to pummel them with missiles or torpedoes.
American submariners, by contrast, will tell you the best ASW weapon is another submarine. They view hunting subs as their chief contribution to high-seas warfare. Chinese submariners might follow suit if their boats ran quiet enough, and boasted sensors sensitive enough, to make sub-on-sub ASW an option. Or they might incorporate ASW into their operational portfolio while retaining the emphasis on anti-ship missions.
Either way, PLA submarine operations would take on an intensely offensive hue. No longer would the sub force be a mostly static force lofting anti-ship missiles toward adversary surface task forces. It would seek out adversary subs as well — and, if successful, project China's anti-access defenses into the depths in a serious way for the first time.
No longer could the United States' silent service prowl Asian waters with impunity. Indeed, if both fleets were comparable in stealth, cat-and-mouse games might predominate. This would be a dangerous business. Reaction times would be minimal if boats could only detect and track one another at intimate range. Proximity would magnify the prospect of collisions, accidents of other types, or even inadvertent exchanges of fire.
Both navies and their political masters must think ahead about how to manage close-quarters encounters in the deep.
The carrier USS ‘Nimitz' in the Pacific. U.S. Navy photo
And fourth, the debut of pumpjet-equipped SSNs would empower Beijing to mount a standing presence in faraway recesses of the South China Sea and Indian Ocean for the first time.
Diesel boats have ventured into the “far seas” in recent years, but they must put into port at regular intervals to refuel. This exposes them to detection. SSNs can remain at sea, and undersea, as long as their food and stores hold out. The crew — not the engineering plant — thus constitutes the limiting factor on a nuclear-powered boat's at-sea endurance.
The Indian Navy has taken notice of PLA Navy forays into India's home region, and grasps the implications of high-tech Chinese SSNs cruising the Indian Ocean. Indeed, some Indian mariners deem such a presence a red line for competition between the two navies.
It can be no accident, then, that there's an anti-submarine flair to this summer's Malabar exercises among the Indian Navy, U.S. Navy and Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force.
All three navies dispatched aircraft carriers for maneuvers for the first time. The Japanese flattop JS Izumo is a euphemistically dubbed “helicopter destroyer” optimized for hunting submarines. What hostile subs may lurk in the Bay of Bengal, where the exercises are underway, apart from China's? Hider-finder competition, it seems, has come to the Indian Ocean.
Does new engineering technology herald an age of Chinese maritime supremacy? Of course not. Carl von Clausewitz portrays martial strife as constant struggle between “wrestlers” striving to “throw” each other for strategic gain. That goes for acoustic one-upmanship as well.
One contender innovates; the other resolves to outdo it. It appears, consequently, that more equal undersea competition lies in store.
To prepare for it, U.S. Navy submariners must learn to think of PLA Navy subs not as prey to be devoured by American predators but as worthy foes, capable of some sub hunting of their own. The silent service must adjust to the new, old reality of peer competition beneath the waves.
The game's afoot.
This article originally appeared at The National Interest.
612 Shares Email
When the Anaheim City Council last month adopted “The People's Map” in its switch from electing council members at-large to a districts-based system, the room erupted in cheers and applause for a districts map that almost everyone agreed was the best choice.
But all that goodwill turned to frustration Tuesday night when the council decided in a split 3-2 vote to exclude the only Latino majority district on the map from electing a council member in the 2016 general election. Instead, the district's voters will have to wait until 2018 to choose their representative under the new system.
The vote was the culmination of a years-long battle over how the city is governed, and specifically whether its at-large council elections have prevented the city's Latino residents, who is a makeup 54 percent of the city, from having adequate representation on the council.
The ACLU and Latino activists sued the city in 2012, alleging that the at-large voting system barred Latino voters from electing their preferred candidates. City leaders in 2014 decided to settle the suit and agreed to switch to district elections. With majority or plurality Latino districts, the Latino community would be guaranteed representation.
Under the chosen districts map, two districts are known as Latino plurality — meaning Latinos have the largest citizen voting age population but aren't over 50 percent of the district. One is a Latino majority district, which has a Latino citizen voting age population of over 50 percent.
Until Tuesday, the transition seemed to be going smoothly. A panel of judges recommended the districts map, which was vetted at community meetings and had broad support. And the council also signaled its support of the map last month.
But things got complicated at Tuesday night's meeting when it came time for council members to decide which four of the six council districts would elect representatives in 2016. The other two districts would have to wait until 2018.
The ten public speakers who addressed the issue supported putting the Latino majority district up for election in 2016, along with the two Latino plurality districts and a district on the far west end of the city.
Members of the council majority – specifically council members Jordan Brandman, Kris Murray and Lucille Kring — argued that the Latino majority district already has representation because Councilman James Vanderbilt, who is half Latino, lives in the district. They also argued the district has been historically well represented because several council members in the past have resided there. Brandman also lives in the district, they noted.
“We have a sitting Latino representative in three,” said Kring in a reference to the Latino majority district in the center of the city. “Mr. Vanderbilt has served there, and served there honorably.”
They argued that switching to district elections was about giving fair representation to all neighborhoods. They pointed out that two districts on the west end of the city have had little to no representation in decades and said both should go up for election first. That would give full representation to all the districts in 2016, they argued.
“It actually keeps the promise to voters,” Murray said.
The logic bewildered some in the crowd. Several had no idea Vanderbilt was Latino until that night, and whispers about personal political agendas driving the decision – such as Brandman's U.S. congressional campaign or a rumor that Murray would be running for mayor in 2018 – could be heard.
Vanderbilt themselves brought up a point that undermines the council majority's argument. They pointed out that they actually won second place in the citywide election. While under an at-large system that means they still won a seat, under a district election there is no seat for second place.
It's also largely assumed that incumbents might be moving around the city in order to run in a district where they think they will win. So if Vanderbilt moves, he's no longer representing the district under the council majority's logic.
Kring openly doubted that Vanderbilt would be moving anywhere, but when Tait asked Vanderbilt whether they would be moving before 2018, Vanderbilt was clearly uncomfortable and avoided the question.
“I would answer if you wanted to ask the entire council that question,” Vanderbilt said.
Also, Vanderbilt appeared to be irked by indications from the council majority that they were assigning them that district's representation when in reality he's an at-large elected council member. “Even though I was elected at large, I'm being told I'm representing district three,” they said.
As it became clear how the council majority was going to vote, Latino activists who had attended the meeting to support putting the Latino majority district up for election walked out of the council chambers. They could be heard rallying in the lobby as the council debate was wrapping up.
Ultimately, council members voted to place two Latino plurality districts up for election in 2016, as well as the two districts on the west end. Brandman, Murray and Kring voted for the motion, and Tait and Vanderbilt voted against it.
Tait said that to exclude the only Latino majority district from the next election after almost two years in court and over $2 million spent in taxpayer money seemed like the wrong decision.
“To now not include district three, the most Latino district in the city, to put that off to 2018… it just doesn't seem right,” Tait said.
Please contact Adam Elmahrek directly at aelmahrek@voiceofoc.org and follow them on Twitter: @adamelmahrek
A forum member of TheMustangSource.com, GrabberBlue310, beautifully converted their 2011 Mustang GT into an RTR with the help of mustangrtr.com. The RTR is offered as an exclusive package and was dreamt up by Vaughn Gittin, Jr., who led the pack at the 2010 Formula Drift Championship with their 2011 Mustang. Not only is this beast sporting the RTR package, but Mike also threw in a Magna Charger Supercharger giving it a nice 540-RWHP with a heathy rumble coming from a full Bassani exhaust setup! They took it a step further and upgraded the suspension to Hotchkis Sport Suspension System consisting of subframe connectors, upper and lower control arms, panhard bar, springs and sway bars, and a front chassis brace. They also switched the tires out to Yokohama Advan AD08's instead of the Falken tires included in the RTR package.
The tires I run are Yokohama advan AD08. They work awesome on a road course.
An aggressive front chin spoiler with an aerodynamic splitter gives the front end a mean appearance but that doesn't mean that the rear is lacking as it comes equipped with an aluminum rear spoiler and rear diffuser. You can take the appearance even further and pick out custom graphics with black the color of choice here making it sleek yet aggressive. Would have been my color choice for the package, too, hands down. This is what you do to really make your new ‘Stang to really stand out whether sitting at the car show or cruising the interstate.
This RTR package is a dealer option for $7,895 and consists of a new Ford Racing tuned K&N filter giving it a boost of 9-HP and and a total of 421-horses out of its 5.0-liter V8 engine. Included in the package are 19×9.5-inch custom wheels wrapped with Falken FK-452 tires, 1.5-inch lowered suspension complete with Ford Racing shocks, and an upgraded rear sway bar and full exhaust.
Not only is this thing beautiful yet super aggressive with this RTR conversion, but Mike made it truly their own by adding some goodies and swapping out others.
About
What's KnitTV?
KnitTV is an online knitting and crochet video academy where you can find easy-to-follow videos for the absolute beginner up to more advanced techniques, all free to use. We have successfully taught thousands of people here at our yarn store, Ram Wools Yarn Co-op, and now we want to show you how easy and fun it is to learn online with our clear, step-by step, videos.
People go online for video tutorials for lots of different reasons - you may live in a remote place or work shifts that make it difficult to get help or advice in person. You might be working on projects in the middle of the night when you hit a hurdle. We know that when you want to create something, you don't want to stop. KnitTV can be your personal teacher right in your own home.
What makes KnitTV different?
We think the main difference is in the way we demonstrate the techniques. The videos get straight to the point, which is to deliver clear instructions about the technique you want to learn as soon as you hit the play button. Each video is a close up of a pair of hands demonstrating the technique while going through the topics in a easy-to-follow way without any clutter or distractions. The hands move slowly so that you can see each of the steps clearly. There is plenty of repetition, and carefully-chosen angles of view make sure you don't miss anything. At critical points, the hands stop to give you a really good look at what is going on. KnitTV's instructor, Lori Franko, has been teaching yarncraft professionally for over seven years and they have developed a keen sense of how to communicate to students of all skill levels.
All the videos will have companion printable materials that you can pop in your project bag.
Another major difference is that you won't need to purchase anything to view the videos. We believe that knowledge is something to be shared. As a backer, you will be contributing to a project that will bring the love of knitting and crochet to many, many others.
Happy Stitchers
Here's a sample tutorial
Who we are
Lori is an experienced, professional teacher of yarn craft. Over the years, they have acquired a loyal following of stitchers that come to them for help and advice. They will provide the hands and the know-how in the videos.
Devon is a programmer and video and sound editor. They will be bringing their experience to the table producing the videos and working on the website.
Jason is a system administrator who has been working with open source software for over 20 years. They will be setting up the website and working on the video production.
Collectively, we have created and maintain the ramwools.com website and manage the store in Winnipeg as a worker owned cooperative. We bring years of teaching experience and technical knowledge to this project. Besides, we really love making and sharing things.
free as in freedom!
Why Kickstarter?
Here's the plan and why we have come to Kickstarter to get a campaign going. Getting the website up and running and then populated with videos is a pretty laborious process, requiring extra hours and some outside technical consulting. We would use the funding to offset some of the labour costs, purchase equipment and create a studio set. Once the site is live, it will need maintaining and ongoing content creation. Work has already begun and we are excited with the results so far! We will begin with videos for the absolute beginner along with popular intermediate and advanced techniques. From there we will keep adding and adding to make KnitTV the go-to site for all things knit and crochet. Our goal is to have the site ready to visit by February 1st, 2017.
Craig Whittle of St. John's is $188,000 richer, after winning the largest Pro-Line prize ever awarded in Atlantic Canada.
The total prize was from betting on four underdog teams in the National Basketball Association, all in the same day on Feb. 13.
"I follow sports a fair bit and it's just … some games were hot and some games were cold," Whittle said.
"It just keeps it interesting."
Craig Whittle says when they realized they might win the jackpot, they went and woke up their wife to give them the good news and look up vacations. (Bruce Tilley/CBC)
They made two separate $25 bets, netting $81,156 and $107,187, hoping Denver would win against league-leading Golden State.
"The Denver pick was largely based on Golden State coming off an emotional game against Oklahoma City two nights previously," said Whittle.
"Many sports betters refer to such match-ups as a 'let-down spot.'"
Whittle already has a vacation booked for himself, their wife and daughter, and both sets of grandparents.
In November, Whittle also won a $12,000 Pro-Line prize, and has had other smaller wins over the years.
Photo: Contributed
Effective immediately the grizzly bear hunt in B.C. has been suspended.
The British Columbia government is bringing an end to the hunting of grizzly bears throughout the province, Doug Donaldson, Minister of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development, and George Heyman, Minister of Environment and Climate Change Strategy, announced today.
"Through consultations this past fall, we have listened to what British Columbians have to say on this issue and it is abundantly clear that the grizzly hunt is not in line with their values," Donaldson said. "Our government continues to support hunting in this province and recognizes our hunting heritage is of great importance to many British Columbians."
The spring grizzly bear hunt was scheduled to open on April 1, 2018, but the ban on hunting for resident and non-resident hunters takes effect immediately.
"Our government is committed to improving wildlife management in B.C., and today's announcement, along with a focused grizzly bear management plan, are the first steps in protecting one of our most iconic species," Heyman said. "We also want to promote the healthy grizzly bear viewing economy in B.C. and give everyone the tremendous opportunity to see these incredible animals in their natural habitat."
In August 2017, the government announced that effective Nov. 30, 2017, it would end trophy hunting of grizzly bears and stop all hunting of grizzly bears in the Great Bear Rainforest. The government also announced it would launch a consultation process on regulations to support a sustenance hunt while ending the trophy hunt.
Through the consultation process with First Nations, stakeholder groups and the public, 78% of respondents recommended the hunt be stopped entirely.
First Nations will still be able to harvest grizzly bears pursuant to Aboriginal rights for food, social, or ceremonial purposes, or treaty rights.
There are an estimated 15,000 grizzly bears in British Columbia.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The inquiry will also hear from the relatives of those killed
The head of the Philippines police has said more than 1,900 people have been killed during a crackdown on illegal drugs in the past seven weeks.
Ronald dela Rosa was speaking at a senate hearing into the sharp rise in deaths since Rodrigo Duterte became president.
They said police operations had killed about 750 people, but the other deaths were still being investigated.
Mr Duterte won the presidency with their hard-line policy to eradicate drugs.
They have previously urged citizens to shoot and kill drug dealers who resisted arrest, and reiterated that the killings of drug suspects were lawful if the police acted in self-defence.
They also threatened to "separate" from the UN after it called their war on drugs a crime under international law.
The US has said it is "deeply concerned" by the increase in drug-related killings.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Duterte had previously urged citizens to shoot and kill drug dealers who resisted arrest
The senate joint inquiry is being conducted by Senator Leila de Lima, who has called on authorities to explain the "unprecedented" rise in deaths.
It is also hearing from the relatives of some of those killed.
Faces of the crackdown
Image copyright AFP
The family members of some of those killed are getting the chance to tell their stories to the inquiry.
Wearing dark glasses and draped in a shawl, Harra Besorio said police officers raided their home in Pasay City without a warrant and stripped their infant daughter to check for drugs.
Them partner, who they admitted was a small-time dealer, and their father were beaten up in front of them, they told the inquiry on Monday. They were later taken to a police station and allegedly killed there.
The two police officers accused claimed an attempt had been made to grab one of their guns, but this was refuted by the Philippines Commission on Human Rights.
It said they had been badly injured and were shot three times. The two officers have been charged with murder.
Mr dela Rosa told the inquiry on Tuesday that a total of 1,916 deaths had been recorded during the crackdown, 756 of which were during police operations.
They said the number had gone up even since they gave evidence on Monday, where they gave a figure of 1,800 deaths.
"Not all deaths under investigations are drug-related," they told news agency Reuters, saying about 40 killings were due to robbery or personal disputes.
However, Mr dela Rosa said there was no declared policy to kill drug users and pushers, saying police were "not butchers".
The police director-general also added that about 300 police officers were suspected to be involved in the drugs trade, warning that they would be charged and removed from their positions if found guilty.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Senator Leila de Lima has been a critic of Mr Duterte's policies
Nearly 700,000 drug users and peddlers have turned themselves in since the launch of the campaign, Mr dela Rosa said.
They also said that there was a decrease in overall crime, though the number of homicides and murders had increased.
On Monday, Mr dela Rosa told the inquiry: "I admit many are dying but our campaign, now, we have the momentum."
Senator Frank Drilon told Reuters that the number of deaths was "alarming" and had "a chilling effect".
In their previous role as mayor of Davao, Mr Duterte built a reputation for blunt speaking and supporting the extrajudicial killings of suspected criminals.
Crime rates in Davao decreased while they were in office, though human rights groups estimate than more than 1,000 people were killed with no legal process.
This article is over 4 years old
Shrinking of economy surprises analysts and spells trouble for Shinzo Abe, who is expected to call election for next month
The Japanese economy has dropped into a recession after a second straight quarter of contraction, in a huge blow to Shinzo Abe's bid to turn around years of laggard growth.
The country's gross domestic product shrank 0.4% in the July-September quarter, official data showed on Monday, or an annualised rate of 1.6%. The figures underscored how an April tax rise dented growth in the world's number three economy and weighed on the chances of a second levy hike next year.
The surprise figure missed market media expectations for a 0.5% expansion, according to economists surveyed by the leading Nikkei business daily, as residential investment dived and consumer spending remained tepid.
The data increases the likelihood that Prime Minister Abe – who is expected to call a snap election for next month – will delay a plan to raise Japan's sales tax to 10% next year.
A rise to 8.0% from 5.0% earlier this year slammed the brakes on growth.
The country suffered a revised 1.9% contraction in the April-June quarter – or 7.3% at an annualised rate – as consumers and firms capped their spending.
That reversed a 1.6% expansion in the first quarter of the year when hopes were still buoyant for Abe's pro-spending growth bid, dubbed “Abenomics”.
Last month, the Bank of Japan expanded its already huge monetary easing campaign to counter the downturn, but the latest figures will hike speculation of further moves by the central bank.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has been conducting surveillance of top-of-the-line business people and politicians in France and Germany for over ten years, alleges WikiLeaks that published series of new documents on June 29 and July 1, 2015.
The files reveal that the American intelligence services chose several high-ranking persons as the targets of their telephone eavesdropping system, and created a database of intercepted information of economic and political value. Among other things, according to the documents, the US, and, in certain cases, other members of the so-called “Five Eyes” intelligence alliance that also includes the Great Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, gained access to information on large-scale French contracts for over $200 million, and the contents of communications between the German Chancellor Angela Merkel and their personal assistant.
The secret documents caused an agitation in the European political society: the French President Francois Hollande called the situation unacceptable, and the German Chief of Staff Peter Altmaier summoned the US Ambassador John Emerson for immediate talks.
The journalists also took notice of the recent WikiLeaks releases. One of them, Simon Shuster of Time magazine, compared the events of the recent weeks with the 2013 scandal over the wiretapping of Angela Merkel's phone calls. The German prosecutor's office dropped the investigation of the case in June 2015, they remind.
“As Germany's experience suggests, no real rupture in relations comes out of these scandals, at least in part because the Europeans rely on the US not only for trade but security and the sharing of intelligence,” they write.
Moreover, the published documents once brought the public attention towards the issue of mass Internet surveillance that went viral after a former US intelligence services employee Edward Snowden published the first batch of top-secret files in June 2013.
In a Q&A video session with Amnesty International held in early June, they recalled how the leaders of the “Five Eyes” intelligence alliance and several other countries introduced the indiscriminate surveillance measures under the guise of terrorism protection measures, doing all they could to avoid scrutiny.
“Courts have ruled [the US program] unlawful. They have said that from the very first day it was against the law, it was a violation of basic constitutional rights. The White House did a classified investigation of it, and they found that it never stopped a single terrorist attack,” stressed the former security agency employee whose story was depicted in the documentary film “Citizenfour.”
According to Anton Nordenfur, party organizer for the Pirate Party of Sweden, the current situation is further complicated by the fact that the Washington officials may have learned a lot from the Snowden's case.
“I think it is more likely that the US gets more professional and more efficient in the spying programs, and simply being harder on whistleblowers, and being more careful about what it's making that is being leaked,” they said in an interview to “PenzaNews” agency. They also added that Edward Snowden, who currently resides in Russia, risked becoming a prisoner of Guantanamo Bay or even losing their lives.
They also suggested that the recent release by WikiLeaks would only have a short-term effect.
“But I also think that it will lead to the US continuing to spy on chiefs of states, just in different ways and more effective ways in which they won't be discovered in the same way. […] Even if there was outcry about stopping the program, and even if they were to come out and say they would completely cease all programs, I'm entirely pessimistic about the idea that they would actually cease them,” the speaker noted.
According to Anton Nordenfur, the only thing that was damaged by the release of the documents describing the law-breaking activities of the American intelligence agencies that targeted their own allies was the public image of the US authorities. The reason behind it, they said, was that millions of people all over the world began to see the online privacy issue in a different light, as the security of information is important, for both the regular citizens who want their private data safe and politicians and businesses who seek to protect their professional and trade secrets.
“In a [recent] interview with the Swedish Prime Minister, they talked about how they didn't have any faith in talking over phone anymore. And I think, unfortunately, that's a good thing, because that means there are faith to more leaks in the future,” the member of the Pirate Party of Sweden stated.
At the same time, Peter Swire, professor of Law and Ethics at the Georgia Institute of Technology, privacy expert under Bill Clinton, said that Edward Snowden's decision to publish the classified documents was a very influential event.
“For me, there are positive consequences of the Snowden revelations, such as starting this important debate on privacy. There were also negative consequences, such as revealing to North Korea and other totalitarian regimes some of the capabilities of the US intelligence services, and some of the revelations were so detailed that they tipped off dangerous nations to change their behavior,” they stressed, noting that the actions of the former security service employee constitute a criminal action.
However, they noted that these releases provoked the debate and pushed for the review of the American bulk data collection program.
“I was a member of President Obama's review group on intelligence and communication technologies. They created a five-person group to review the NSA program in August 2013, and I was of the five people from it. […] Our review group recommended additional pro-privacy protection, especially concerning Section 702,” Peter Swire recalled, noting that the well-known PRISM system that went operational in 2007 is working under FISA Section 702 authority.
They also pointed out that one of the most important elements that came after the leaks was the USA Freedom Act, a law enacted on June 3, 2015, with the aim to impose limits on the bulk collection and retention of phone data.
“The USA Freedom Act was the biggest pro-privacy intelligence reform in 40 years. It also was the first major pro-privacy legislation since 9/11,” Peter Swire stressed.
Alan Butler, senior counsel for the Electronic Privacy Information Center, expressed a similar point of view, calling it “a landmark piece of legislation.”
“We believe it is a really significant step in the right direction. It was right for the Congress to pass it and for the President to sign it,” they said.
According to the rights activist, additional oversight and transparency requirements imposed by the new law would allow reining in the practice of authorizing surveillance in secret without a public oversight. However, the protection of people in other countries is an issue that is yet to be resolved in the future.
“It is certainly a complicated policy issue. I think that as similar organizations are pushing for broader rights for US persons as well as non-US persons, and the President did release a speech in 2014 where they pledged to revive those rights,” the expert reminded, adding that the rights organizations are continuing to working in this direction.
However, Joshua Franco, advisor on technology and human rights for Amnesty International, stressed that they do not see the USA Freedom Act as a complete US mass surveillance reform.
“There is a lot more to be done. A lot of surveillance carried out in the US is done under other legal authorities, and probably there is a lot going on that we do not necessarily know about. So I think it is a symbolic and important political victory, but it shows that we have a lot more to discuss,” the expert said.
They added that the information provided by Edward Snowden and other whistleblowers has changed the attitude of the people and the society towards the issue, and also gave the rights activists an opportunity to challenge the bulk online communications interception programs in courts. Unfortunately, changes in the opposite direction still show up all over the world.
“The UK government promising at least to expand surveillance powers, and also officials in the US and the UK talking about encryption as a threat to counter-terrorism and a threat to law enforcement, all of which could harm online privacy rights and other human rights. And, of course, the French government itself is also adopting a mass surveillance law which we've criticized and we think it's really problematic from the human rights point of view,” the Amnesty International representative said.
Because of that, they think, the international community must lobby the governments to gain legal protections of their private data against mass surveillance, and put pressure on the corporations that control access to information and design the technologies for the end users.
As the World Wide Web is not bound by the country borders, an intelligence agency of one country intercepting online communications automatically threatens the rights of all Internet users, Joshua Franco reminded.
In the meanwhile, they said, more and more countries seek to obtain the technologies to gain a maximum amount of data about their citizens as we go.
In their turn, Richard Hill, president of the Switzerland Association for Proper Internet Guidance, suggested that the wiretapping scandal in France would most likely lead to a series of behind-the-scenes talks.
“For example, I think, and so do other people, what happened in the Merkel story is that in exchange for dropping [the case], the US is probably sharing more information with Germany than they did before. So I think the countries that are targets of this are trying to enter the club of Five Eyes rather than trying to shut it down,” the rights activist suggested.
From their point of view, the actions of the American intelligence services seem to show a continuation of the so-called Wolfowitz policy, named after Paul Wolfowitz, former US Deputy Secretary of Defense, who had formulated it in early 90s.
“Under [this strategy], the United States after the Cold War would no longer allow any other state to achieve equivalence. The United States is attempting to prevent any other state from acquiring the comparable level of military and political power to itself. And so it was pursuing a policy to ensure that no other state achieves that power, and one methods they do that, of course, is surveillance,” explained the president of the Association for Proper Internet Governance.
They noted that the best way to combat the mass surveillance program would be not through such scandals, but through continued and constant pressure from the public and the media against the politicians and the intelligence agencies that promote their interests under the guise of fighting terrorists.
“The idea that we would reduce those criminal attacks by mass surveillance is just stupid. The analogy I always use is: do you think that we would have fewer bank robberies if we had mass surveillance? Of course not. And why do you think that we could reduce these isolated attacks through mass surveillance? You cannot. So the rationale given for doing that is completely silly, and I think it's important to point that out,” Richard Hill stressed.
Arjen Kamphuis, co-founder and chief technology officer of Gendo.ch, IT expert, also expressed the belief that the mass surveillance program is in no way related to the counter-terrorism activities, just like the National Security Agency per se.
“That's the FBI's job (and sometimes the CIA, although they are usually the ones funding, arming, training and directing the Terrorists – like in Afghanistan 1978-1999). After the Cold War, the NSA's job is industrial espionage and political subversion,” they explained.
Right now, the intelligence agencies of the United Kingdom and the United States operate outside any laws, with no public official even trying to rein them in, Arjen Kamphuis said.
“I have worked with whistleblowers from intelligence agencies since 2007 and with WikiLeaks since 2008. […] Those agencies know everything about the personal life of those politicians and can ‘leak' just enough of that info to destroy any political career instantly,” the expert stressed.
The US authorities have no qualms about using force whenever they see fit, even against those states that cooperate with the White House, they added.
“There are no allies, there is the US and there are smaller countries that feel they have no option but to smile to the crocodile and hope they won't get eaten this week. France and Germany, as bigger nations, do resist somewhat but ultimately dare not to poke the monster too much,” Arjen Kamphuis said.
Even though two years had passed since the first Snowden revelations, the Berlin officials did not take any actual steps, they said.
The analyst also pointed out that the public finally focused its attention on the activities of the US intelligence agencies 15-20 years latter than they should have had, even though the warning signs had been appearing in the media as early as in late 90s.
“[Edward Snowden] letting over seven billion people know their human right to privacy was being violated every second of every day by a nation that wages undeclared wars and mass killings in two dozen countries? I'd say that was justified,” the co-founder and chief technology officer of Gendo.ch concluded.
They suggested that the current US policy resembles that of the USSR on the verge of breakup and the United States may collapse in 5-20 years.
“Just like the Soviet Union in its last days, the US will behave unpredictably as it joins the graveyard of empires. Better to stand at a safe distance as the process unfolds,” Arjen Kamphuis remarked.
They also highlighted the fact that most countries heavily rely on American technologies, particularly in computing and IT industries, and called for the world powers to create and develop their own solutions.
“Countries like France and Germany should actually work with countries like Russia, Brazil, India and perhaps even China and Iran to create technological alternatives they can all independently use without have to trust each other they way they have to trust the US now. Trusting a single powerful state clearly is not working. We need a multipolar world and decentralized technologies that have transparent inner workings so no abuse is possible. Such technologies also need to be the default in education so they become the norm instead of the exception. Such a policy would save all these countries 1-2% of their GNP currently spent on US tech that would now be invested in local technology development, new start-ups and skilled workers,” the expert concluded.
This article was published by Penza News.
Haval, China's best-selling SUV brand for 13 years straight, is now in Australia, launching this week with a modest four dealerships and three models: the compact H2, the large H8 and the seven-seat H9.
There's nothing modest about the brand's ambitions, however. Haval management has not been shy about detailing the company's goals since first announcing plans for a local launch in 2014, with a top executive telling CarAdvice in China earlier this year that its long-term goal is to be Australia's top-selling SUV brand.
To do that, the Great Wall Motors-owned brand will need to outsell Toyota, which sold 56,663 SUVs in Australia last year, along with Nissan (33,742) and Jeep (30,408).
“Australia is a country where SUVs sales have doubled in the past five years. We are confident our combination of quality product and outstanding value for money will prove popular with Australian customers,” Haval Australia managing director Parker Shi said.
In the hunt for the top podium step, Haval is going on the assault, adding dealers and more models in the years ahead.
For now, the company has just four dealerships in its network, located in Sydney, Perth, and the Victorian suburbs of Geelong and Berwick. That will change fast.
“We are close to announcing a number of other dealerships around the country to join our foundation members and expect to have 10 dealerships in place by the end of 2015,” Haval Australia chief marketing officer Tim Smith said. The company expects to expand to “at least” 25 dealerships by the end of 2016.
By now you've almost certainly picked up the latest copy of PC Gamer and swiped the free code for Scrolls tucked within. Plug it into your Mojang.com account and you'll have free access not just to the alpha of card-battler Scrolls, but to every subsequent revision of the game . Which is nice - particularly if you want to join the devs for a game tomorrow night .
And you should, because it's a clever thing, this Scrolls - it takes the deck-building of something like Magic: The Gathering and grafts it onto a digital boardgame, in which the positioning of your units is critical. There's a handy beginner guide over on the Scrolls' website , but below we talk to Scrolls' developers Jakob Porsér and Måns Olson to find out about the interplay between its different decks.
The principle of the game will be familiar to those who've played Magic: each turn you spend points from a resource pool to play cards in your hand. In Magic, resources are particular colours of mana, which you gather during the course of the game as you draw cards from your deck into your hand, and can only be spent to play cards of the same colour. In Scrolls the resources are, uh, resources: Energy, Growth and Order, with a soon-to-launch fourth resource detailed below.
The difference is that you can only add points to your resource pool by sacrificing one of the cards (known here as scrolls) from your hand, leading to a tense trade-off: do you axe the expensive cards and keep the weaker ones that are immediately useful to you, or do you bin the basic troops and hope to hold out until you can unleash a behemoth?
There's also another dynamic to contend with: the board itself. When you play a card, you get to physically deposit the creature it represents on a grid. The units then count down a certain number of turns until they attack (in a manner vaguely reminiscent of the excellent Capybara game, Clash of Heroes ), ploughing forward to deliver a blow to whatever lies before them: enemy troops, fortifications, or - if there are no defences in place - the idol that sits at the end of each row. Destroy three enemy idols and the game is over, so positioning becomes very important.
“Taking control of the board, not letting your opponent get a foot in the door, is so important in Scrolls,” says Jakob. “There are ways someone can turn this around, but you want to have control for as long as possible. So if you can choose whether to attack and kill one of their units, or attack and kill one of their idols, which is the game's ultimate goal focus, you probably want to go for the units most of the time just to keep them at bay.”
Meanwhile, as in Magic, the resources and the cards associated with them offer very different styles of play. How do they stack up?
“If you want to go play a one-coloured deck then you're probably going to be exposed to certain weaknesses,” says Jakob. “If you build a multi-resource deck then you can patch up the holes better, but you will have a harder time with the resource management in the game.”
“With Growth the idea is to have lots of weak creatures initially,” says Måns. “Some of them will grow over time, using enchantments to make them stronger.”
“There's a real ramp up,” says Jakob. “You start out really slow but, as your units grow, you can get board control. The idea is to dominate the board and just keep building up your units and become overbuilt in the end. If you get the right scrolls, that is.”
“Energy has stronger creatures from the beginning but it's a little more expensive,” says Måns.
Jakob cites Energy as their favourite single-resource deck: “I like where that is right now, because it's just mean and powerful and packs a punch. It's not very subtle, it's not very intelligent, it's just super mean. It's very aggressive. But with regards to board control, you get behind the race at the beginning. So it's kind of hard, you need to turn it around. But you can, because the units you get after a while are really big, can pack a punch.”
“Order is a slightly more manipulative resource,” says Måns. “There's various trickery you can perform with movement spells to teleport you or your enemies round the board. Order also has army traits - there's a general who will reset the countdown of units next to them to make them attack on the same turn as him.”
“I think currently the Order is one of the trickier ones,” says Jakob. “It has a lot of manipulation spells tied to it. Doesn't have a lot of big units, but it has a lot of glass cannons and tricky spells. So you'll do some damage, but it's easy to get overrun all of a sudden if you don't keep your wits about you."
It's early days yet with much balancing to be done, and one of the proper tests of this is in how well the resources work in combination with one another. Måns has been experimenting with a Growth/Order deck. I ask them if he's found a winning strategy.
“It's a very new deck, so I'm not sure I've found the best use for it,” they say, “but we have a creature which costs five Growth, called the Kinfolk Veteran. They have haste, which means they attack the moment they come onto the playing field and also a relatively high attack value, and you can combine that with a relatively cheap Order spell called focus - and then that spell gives them a temporary buff to their attack power. So for a relatively low mana value get a unit on the board which attacks for six damage the same turn, and basically kills any unit that's in front of him, and then stay on the board as a strong unit. But it's such a specific combination it's not something you can count on.”
And what about that mysterious fourth resource?
“We're actually working on it right now,” says Jakob. “I don't know how much we are talking about it, but it's going to be very mean in its own way. It's going to be very evil, it's going to be very dark - oriented around death and the death of your units. The decay of your own board can actually help you. So I think it's going to introduce a new way of playing the game.”
Let us know in the comments how you get on with the alpha, and any cool strategies you discover.
The Neolithic Revolution involved the advent of agriculture, which finally allowed people to settle down in ever-larger groups and focus on things other than procuring calories—things like developing written language and forming social cliques. It was one of the most profound events in the collective history of humanity.
But it wasn't just social change. It was a change in the evolutionary environment that shaped the human genome. The genetic variation found in different populations on the globe today provides hints to the ways we all adapted. But analyzing ancient DNA could allow us to identify traits as they adapted in real time.
Alas, ancient human DNA has been pretty sparse. Now, an international team of geneticists, archaeologists, and anthropologists has assembled a database of genomes from 230 West Eurasians who lived between 6500 and 300 BCE and found evidence of selection at genetic loci involved in diet, pigmentation, immunity, and height.
The database consists of previously published and new samples. Critically, it includes the genomes of 26 Anatolian Neolithic farmers, examined for the first time here. (Their DNA was obtained from the inner-ear region of the petrous bone, which yields twice as much DNA as teeth.) To study selection, the researchers compared over a million sites in the chromosomes that are known to vary within human populations. The researchers looked at both the ancient DNA and in genome-wide sequencing data from four populations of European ancestry in the 1,000 Genomes Project.
By far the strongest signal for selection is at the SNP responsible for lactase persistence, a variant that allows adults to digest milk sugars, located on chromosome 2. The allele first appears in an individual who lived in central Europe around 4,000 years ago.
Other diet-related alleles selected for include two that decrease blood plasma triglyceride levels, which come from a meat-rich diet. Two others regulate circulating vitamin D levels, and another two are associated with celiac disease. One of these celiac-associated SNPs occurs in the gene encoding the ergothionine transporter, which helps import a relative of key amino acids. This is hypothesized to have undergone a selective sweep to protect against ergothionine deficiency in those switching from hunter-gatherer to more agricultural diets.
After lactase, the next strongest signal contributes to light skin pigmentation. This SNP, on chromosome 5, is almost fixed in present-day Europeans but was much less frequent in the ancient genomes. Alleles for light eye color were also selected for, although not nearly as markedly.
There was also a strong signal for selection at the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) locus on chromosome 6. MHC proteins are essential in adaptive immunity and for preventing autoimmune reactions. Adaptive immunity may have become more critical to humans who were living in the larger and larger groups, enabled by agriculture; perhaps autoimmune disorders are part of the price humanity must pay for the enhanced immune vigilance necessary for living en masse.
This study suggests that the height differences between current northern and southern Europeans has been doubly selected for: early Neolithic migrants to southern Europe were under selection for decreased height compared to other contemporaneous populations, while the steppe populations that eventually migrated to northern Europe were selected to be taller than others.
Natural selection is a force that shapes all living things, fitting them into their environments and allowing them to survive environmental stressors. Selection and adaptation have been witnessed and recorded as they occur in many species: finches in the Galapagos, cichlids in the East African Great Lakes, and of course MRSA and other pathogenic bacteria as they learn to evade our antibiotics. Humans work no differently from these other forms of life; now that we can purify and analyze DNA throughout history, we can see how our genes evolved to help us adapt to our environments.
Nature, 2015. DOI: 10.1038/nature16152 (About DOIs).
New marijuana legislation introduced in Ottawa last week could end up costing provinces some serious cash, says Manitoba's justice minister.
Heather Stefanson told CBC's The House provinces and territories have yet to be told whether the federal government will help pay for officer training or new technology to enforce its bolder, more punitive impaired driving legislation.
While Manitoba's Progressive Conservatives are "pleased" the federal Liberals are introducing tougher penalties for intoxicated driving alongside legislation to legalize recreational marijuana, Stefanson said it's unclear who will pay for training or new technologies to test for THC.
"We introduced the Cannabis Harm Prevention Act which was the first to be introduced across the country and we wanted to take a proactive approach when it comes to impaired driving," they said. "We're happy and pleased that the federal government has listened to us on that front."
The Liberals' proposed new legislation would include a fine of up to $1,000 if they are found to have two to five nanograms of THC in their blood and up to 10 years in jail for more serious impaired driving offences.
While Stefanson supports the tougher penalties, they said provinces and territories are unaware how police officers will test for THC.
Ottawa has yet to endorse a specific kit or testing method police could use to test for marijuana intoxication that's as easy and simple as the breathalyzer test for alcohol.
Other jurisdictions use saliva to test for THC but measuring intoxication in nanograms has come under scrutiny because different people metabolize the drug differently. Also the psychoactive is known to stay present in people's blood long affect the effects have worn off.
"With the road-side testing devices, they're not yet ready to go," said Stefanson. "So our concern is that the day July 1, 2018, cannabis becomes legalized and we don't have those testing devices in place."
The minister did not provide a specific dollar amount but added training more officers to recognize tell-tale physiological signs a driver is high will be "very expensive."
Only about 50 officers with Manitoba RCMP and Winnipeg police are trained as drug recognition experts plus several more with rural forces across the province.
Stefanson said Manitoba has raised the issue of training costs with their federal counterpart and the issue was discussed during a conference call Thursday between territorial, provincial and federal leaders.
"We need to make sure that the funding is in place," said Stefanson. "There is an expectation for them to provide funding."
CBC has reached out to the federal justice department for comment and will update if we hear back.
Pressed to present the evidence on Tuesday, Mr. Spicer appeared to conflate two different studies that Mr. Trump's staff had previously cited in defending their claim. “There's one that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens,” Mr. Spicer said. “There are other studies that have been presented to him.”
Here are the facts
Neither study Mr. Spicer apparently referred to supports Mr. Trump's claim.
The first study was conducted in 2014 by professors at Old Dominion University and discussed on Monkey Cage, a blog hosted by The Washington Post. Using data from the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, the researchers found that 14 percent of noncitizens who responded to the survey in 2008 and 2010 said they were registered to vote.
The problem is that the study relied on flawed data and was roundly criticized by political scientists who said that a more careful examination of the data revealed no evidence that noncitizens had voted in recent elections.
The second study, conducted in 2012 by the Pew Center on the States, found that 24 million voter registrations were no longer valid or “significantly inaccurate”; that more than 1.8 million dead people were still listed on the voter rolls; and that almost three million were registered in multiple states, probably because they had moved from one state to another.
The study did not find evidence that those errors led to voter fraud, however, simply that they presented avoidable costs and inefficiencies in the electoral process.
Aside from quick overnights on our way to somewhere, Eric and I have only ever dry camped at Xscapees' Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta convergence, surrounded by friends who have inexhaustible knowledge when it comes to going off the grid.
So when we had the opportunity to do some real wild camping, all by ourselves like big kids, we were really excited. Our excitement increased as we researched BLM lands near Sedona, AZ. We spent an afternoon scouting locations, and loved the look of Campendium's Loy Butte Road spot.
The day came. We packed up this past Saturday in central Sedona (Rancho Sedona RV Park), and made the short drive down 89A to 525 in Coconino National Forest. I went ahead in our Jeep, Smaug, to make sure our spot was available. Eric followed very slowly in Meriwether.
We reveled in everything about our wild camping spot. The sun set with elegance over the hills to the west, reflecting off the red rocks in the east. The stars were nearly singing, they were so magnificent. Our fire pit was cozy. It was quiet.
8 p.m. on Saturday night. Our batteries were low, so we went to turn on our generator to recharge before bed. It fired up and ran for about three minutes…before dying. We pressed the button again, and the generator motor turned over like a complaining car. It was pitch black outside and getting late, so we had no choice but to power everything down, go to bed and wait for sunlight.
First thing Sunday morning, our generator was still giving us nothing. Eric took a drive to the other side of Cottonwood, where our friends from RV Happy Hour were dry camping. Eddie is a solar whiz, but they told us they don't mess with Onan diesel generators. They recommended we go to a certified tech, who would really know what to do.
Reviewing our options, we had no choice but to find power at a campground. We handed our spot over to John and Becky Brusen, our sweet friends who were really hoping to hang out with this week! Disappointment palpable, we packed everything up and took off for Flagstaff.
The good news is that we found a beautiful military campground at Fort Tuthill Recreation Area. It opened for the season yesterday, just for us. We're the only ones here, aside from the cat-sized ravens.
We don't know what's going on with our generator. It has never troubled us before, and we just had it serviced in November. Our friends at Iron Horse RV think we may have run the batteries too low (we went all the way down to red, and apparently we're never supposed to go lower than yellow). But we won't know until we take Meriwether into a shop.
We're wanting solar more than ever, but we want to make sure we love dry camping before we make the investment. This failed RV wild camping attempt is another reminder that fulltime RV life requires flexibility and a sense of humor.
-B
This week, prosecutors in Italy celebrated a key moment in their struggle against the Sicilian mafia, also known as Cosa Nostra: By arresting Salvatore Lo Piccolo, who was set to be the next “boss of bosses,” they effectively decapitated the group. Alas, there is another mafia left to fight in the country, and it can't be defeated that way, according to an Italian prosecutor interviewed last year by Britain's Guardian:
“Cosa Nostra is a pyramid,” says [Enzo] Macri. “Cut off the top of the pyramid by arresting its leader and it has big problems. In Calabria, on the other hand, what you have is a federation. There are moments when some of the elements in the federation will come together, but it is more than anything for purposes of coordination. The ‘'Ndrangheta cannot be beheaded.”
Prosecutors have also found it much harder to find turncoats among them. While the Sicilians were torn apart by arrests and prosecutions, the ‘'Ndrangheta have “virtually impervious family ties,” The Christian Science-Monitor wrote today:
Only 42 turncoats have come from the ‘'Ndrangheta, compared with 700 to 1,000 from the Cosa Nostra and 2,000 from the Camorra, [according to Nicola Gratteri, Calabria's senior magistrate].
Yet, it was the Sicilian mafia that captured our imaginations, starting with Mario Puzo's “Godfather.” The real-life mafia inspired the book, and now the book has fueled a legend that is likely to continue, as it has in the United States, where “The Sopranos” flourished as the Italian mafia was decapitated and eviscerated.
Making that point this morning was a headline this morning in the Italian newspaper La Repubblica: “The Godfather's Ten Commandments.” After Mr. Lo Piccolo was arrested, a list of rules that reinforced everything that fascinates us about their criminal enterprise was discovered among their notes:
1. No-one can present themselves directly to another of our friends. There must be a third person to do it. 2. Never look at the wives of friends. 3. Never be seen with cops. 4. Don't go to pubs and clubs. 5. Always being available for Cosa Nostra is a duty – even if your wife's about to give birth. 6. Appointments must absolutely be respected. 7. Wives must be treated with respect. 8. When asked for any information, the answer must be the truth. 9. Money cannot be appropriated if it belongs to others or to other families. 10. People who can't be part of Cosa Nostra: anyone who has a close relative in the police, anyone with a two-timing relative in the family, anyone who behaves badly and doesn't hold to moral values.
As BBC News naturally compared the list with its Biblical antecedent, and a blogger saw a modern equivalent, the Sicilian mafia was capturing imaginations yet again at the very moment that it was suffering its death blow.
Leaked internal documents allegedly belonging to UK-based surveillance software company Gamma International suggest that Bahrain's government has used the technology to spy on activists, politicians and members of a government commission investigating human rights abuses.
On Aug. 3, an anonymous Twitter account @GammaGroupPR began publishing the 40 gigabytes worth of information, which indicated the company's staff were communicating with a customer in Bahrain from 2010 to 2012 about its FinFisher spy software. Rights group Bahrain Watch analyzed a list of 77 computers infected with the spyware to identify the people who were targeted.
Two members of the king's Bahrain Independent Commission of Investigation (BICI) appear to be among those targeted. The government's bloody crackdown against a popular uprising, now in its third year, spurred the creation of the fact-finding mission, which concluded authorities have practiced systematic torture against dissidents, carried out extrajudicial killings and committed other serious offenses, including the demolition of places of worship.
KMA is assumed to be judged Khaled Moheyuldin Ahmed, a member of the commission who is now employed by the Bahraini government. Sources confirm that Ahmed was using a Sony VAIO laptop (see above chart) during the time they worked with BICI, which coincides with the dates of infection. The other target who shares the same operation code is named Douglass and is believed to be Douglas Hansen, another member of the BICI.
The leak contradicts Gamma's earlier denials that it doesn't sell its products to Bahrain. It also adds credence to suggestions of wrongdoing by London-based NGO Privacy International, which sent multiple inquiries to the UK's customs department, asking whether the department was investigating Gamma's export of spy technology to repressive regimes. After their requests went unanswered, they took the company to court. In May of 2014, the UK High Court ruled that the customs department acted unlawfully and “irrationally” in refusing to answer the NGO's inquiries.
In Bahrain, activists have long accused the Bahraini government of breaching their privacy. A government order mandating a record be kept of all emails sent and received was issued in 2009.
Human rights lawyer Mohamed Altajer told Bahrain Watch that their computer was compromised after they watched a CD sent to him. The CD contained private footage of Altajer and their wife, taken without their knowledge. The group believes the CD also held the spyware and thus infected their computer. Supporters believe the CD was sent to blackmail them into ending their work defending Bahrainis arrested and tortured for their role in the anti-government protests. Many others have said their photographs that were confiscated during police raids have turned up on porn sites and been distributed across social media.
The Intercept quoted Altajer saying they were “happy” the story had been made public. “These dirty people who videotaped me…now they are naked, now they are exposed before the world.”
I asked Mr. Matar Matar from the opposition political society Al Wefaq, who is a target of the spyware, to comment. They said the matter could be brought before British court:
The political influence on the judiciary System in Bahrain doesn't provide any space to protect activists from surveillance. But this is an opportunity to move in legal action in UK courts. Now Al Wefaq is in a better position to call HM Revenue & Customs, UK's tax authority, to investigate in the illegal export of a hacking software for non-free regimes with a dark record of serious human rights violations. How come such a software is licensed to a regime which is considered be the third worst and 5th most declining regime in freedom house report. By UK law, Gamma must apply for country-specific licences in such cases and it doesn't seem it did and Al Wefaq is harmed by this violation. UK's High Court already slammed the UK's tax authority for hiding details about this issue. And this is the time for all those who were harmed by this violation to sue Gamma.
Spyware aside, Mr. Matar Matar says the government lost civil society's trust long ago:
Karim Fakrawi, co-founder of Al Wefaq, was beaten to death in custody. During martial law, I was arbitrary detained with my colleague Jawad Fayrozz. Also the government revoked the citizenship of two former MPs from AlWefaq. They both are living in exile in addition to another 3 other MPs. In addition to that, five elected members municipality council have been dismissed. And currently Al Wefaq is on trial for it to be suspended and three senior leaders are awaiting trial. Under these circumstances, the struggle with the regime is much beyond the surveillance.
BICI was established based on a royal decree. The fact that it was spied on might suggest testimonies were tailored to mislead the commission. Gamma also says it only sells the FinFisher technology to governments and law enforcement, indicating that the spying is done with the knowledge of officials.
Digital security group Internet Protection Lab reported the spying went beyond political activists and bloggers to possible financial espionage.
While the UK government tracks and arrests malicious hackers at home, these leaks suggest that it continues to allow the sale of surveillance technology to Bahrain. And it welcomes members of their widely criticized security apparatus to get training in the UK. In the past, Bahraini authorities have arrested local bloggers such as Takrooz, thanks to their use of similar spy technology. Many more might be in danger. While a court ruling could help limit the Bahraini government's access to surveillance technologies in the future, its affects on human rights defenders may be felt for many years to come.
An earlier version of this post mistakenly named Douglas Hansen-Luke as one of the people believed to be listed in the records of Gamma International leaked online. It is Douglas Hansen who was part of the Bahrain Independent Commission of Investigation.
Bill O'Reilly has been sneering all week at the notion that the threat of terrorism from the American radical right is, in terms of domestic terrorism, of greater significance than that from homegrown Islamic radicals -- even after the most recent case of domestic terrorism to hit the news this week involved the arrest of a neo-Nazi for the attempted Martin Luther King Day parade bombing in Spokane.
Of course, O'Reilly is in deep denial about this reality, as is Rep. Peter King, whose "Muslim radicalization" hearings have been the talk of Fox all week. Indeed, when Geraldo Rivera pointed it out to O'Reilly on their Fox show Friday, O'Reilly acted as though it was the first he'd heard of the matter. That's some knowledgeable insight on domestic terrorism, eh?
RIVERA: He's got a point. You know, I understand their point. Their larger point, which I totally endorse, is that it is unfair, as you mention in your lead-in, to single out this one group. O'REILLY: OK. Now, I didn't say it was unfair. I said some people, like you, crazy left wingers, think it is. (CROSSTALK) RIVERA: Can I tell -- it's not 126. That's Eric Holder's number of the people prosecuted for terrorism. But your audience has to know that of the 126, we're talking about 50 American citizens. The vast majority of the 50 American citizens are like the knuckleheads from Newberg, entrapped into doing terror with co-conspirators who are really FBI agents leading them down the primrose path. O'REILLY: If you look -- if you look at the totality of the problem, in the world, not the United States, it is Muslim-jihad generated. Congressman Green has the nerve to foist upon the American public that the KKK should be equally looked at when the KKK hasn't had any -- any kind of impact on this country for decades. So you're saying to yourself... RIVERA: I don't think so that's true. I think the KKK -- O'REILLY: Do you think the KKK has any influence in this country right now? RIVERA: Let me -- let me tell you and your audience that January 17, the last act of attempted terror in the United States, that was a neo-Nazi, that guy in Spokane, Washington, who planted a weapon of mass destruction on the route of the Martin Luther King Day parade march. And that was terrorism. This was a neo-Nazi. And why wouldn't a hearing on domestic terror include a heinous act like that? O'REILLY: Was they associated with a group? RIVERA: Yes. They were a neo-Nazi, I forget -- which -- which of the... O'REILLY: According to the Spokane police, they were a lone crazy nut. RIVERA: That's not true.  They are definitely a neo-Nazi. The National Alliance. I have a note. The National Alliance. O'REILLY: The National Alliance. Look, I'm not opposed to having hearings about these people, but to raise... RIVERA: Peter King is a great guy. O'REILLY: ... them to the equivalency of the jihad is insane.
Wanna know what's insane? The fact that we have 23 identifiable instances of serious right-wing domestic terrorism of the past two and a half years, and guys like O'Reilly can just whitewash it away:
Know what else is insane? That guys like O'Reilly can keep citing utterly discredited misinformation such as Frank Gaffney's utterly nonsensical claim that "85 percent of mosques" in America are radicalized -- and can simply get away with it -- because they're too big to care.
Yep, there's plenty of "insane" to go around on Fox.
WASHINGTON — On Tuesday morning, Democratic Rep. Ted Lieu of California will introduce a federal bill to ban commercial efforts to change people's sexual orientation or gender identity — often called conversion therapy.
"The public views conversion therapy as quackery, as something that harms people," Lieu told BuzzFeed News on Monday afternoon, just after landing back in D.C. from California. "Eventually, I believe Congress will catch up to that, but you do need to start somewhere, so that's why we're introducing this legislation."
They face an uphill battle: The legislation, which would label conversion therapy an "unfair or deceptive act or practice" that would be illegal under the Federal Trade Commission Act, is being introduced with less than three dozen co-sponsors — all of whom are Democrats.
Lieu does, however, have a powerful ally in their effort. Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has signed on as an original co-sponsor of the bill.
"Conversion therapy is abusive, destructive, discredited, and has no place in any medical practice," Pelosi said in a statement. "This legislation will stop conversion therapy peddlers from committing these fraudulent and hateful acts against LGBT children and adults. Being LGBT is not an error to be corrected."
While in the California Senate, Lieu was behind a similar effort and, in 2012, California became the first state in the country to ban the practice for use on minors. Since then, with legislation largely modeled after California's law, New Jersey, Oregon, and D.C. have passed similar bans. Just last month, President Obama backed such bans.
But now, Lieu — who only entered Congress in January after their election last fall — is attempting to go further, with a national bill that has a broader scope and would not be limited to those under 18.
"The bill is … broader, obviously, because it's nationwide," they said. "But, what this bill seeks to do is to reaffirm what medical science has already stated formally: Being gay or lesbian or transgender is not a mental disease, illness, or defect that needs any sort of cure."
They aim to do so on a federal level by applying the existing laws addressing "unfair or deceptive act[s] or practice[s]" to conversion therapy. The bill would make illegal any commercial conversion therapy and any advertising for conversion therapy under certain conditions. The Federal Trade Commission would enforce the provision the same as it does other prohibited practices.
"This bill uses the FTC," they said. "There's nothing unusual about government going out and trying to protect consumers against fraud. It happens all over the place." When asked whether the FTC had ever been used to address the provision of mental health services, however, they acknowledged, "[W]e'd have to go do some research on that. I don't know that exact answer."
As Lieu noted, the Food and Drug Administration regulates extensive aspects of medical practice. As an advocate noted, Congress also has taken steps — outside of the FTC — to address mental health services, including 2008's Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act.
Lieu, however, pressed their case Monday afternoon for why it made sense to look to the FTC to address conversion therapy.
"There is no medical condition known as 'being gay or lesbian.' That is not a medical disease, defect, and for people to charge money to treat you for something that's not an illness is fraud," Lieu said. "There already is an established baseline that you cannot practice medicine below a reasonable standard of care, and when you purport to treat someone for a condition they don't have, that would be medical malpractice."
Referencing an ongoing lawsuit that the Southern Poverty Law Center filed in New Jersey, Lieu noted that the case is proceeding "exactly along those lines, against a group of mental health professionals doing conversion therapy — because it is medical malpractice." In addition to SPLC, Lieu has been working with the Human Rights Campaign and National Center for Lesbian Rights on the legislation.
They also noted that the new legislation is inclusive of transgender people, citing a case of a transgender woman who committed suicide related to conversion issues. "I believe it's important to expand the bill [from the California law] to cover the entire LGBT community, including the transgender community," they said.
When asked about the fact that the bill is not limited only to minors, Lieu said that the approach of the issue as one of fraud made it a different issue, in some ways. "[F]raud is fraud, whether you practice it on a 16-year-old or a 45-year-old," they said.
They added, though, that they would have supported a ban on conversion therapy for all ages in their original California legislation as well. "I would have loved to have not limited it to minors; I just couldn't get it through," they said, noting that there were issues with "stakeholders" that led to the limitation.
"So, this is always what I wanted to do," Lieu said, "and I'm very pleased to be able to introduce a bill that calls this therapy what it is, which is, it's fraud."
Media playback is not supported on this device Roberto Martinez brushes off talk about future
FA Cup semi-final Everton v Manchester United: Saturday, 23 April, kick-off 17:15 BST, Wembley. Watch live on BBC One from 16:50, listen on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC local radio; text commentary on the BBC Sport website
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says they are not worried about their future and that the team must "face adversity in an exemplary way".
The Toffees, who have not won in seven Premier League games, lost 4-0 at Liverpool on Wednesday, a result Martinez described as "horrific".
Their side face Manchester United in Saturday's Wembley FA Cup semi-final.
They said: "I wouldn't be professional if I was wasting my time talking about what people think about the manager."
They added: "When you get bad results, you will face scrutiny. We don't accept mediocrity and are not happy with our performances in the league."
Media playback is not supported on this device Everton loss horrible for fans - Roberto Martinez
Spaniard Martinez, 42, has faced growing hostility from Everton supporters in recent matches after a series of disappointing performances.
Last Saturday's 1-1 draw with Southampton ensured this will be the club's worst season at home in their 138-year history.
They have managed only 17 points at Goodison Park, thanks to eight defeats, five draws and four wins.
Martinez said they are not thinking about the league form and is focused on Saturday's game, which will be shown live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website (kick-off 17:15 BST).
They added: "Since the quarter-final against Chelsea, the results have not been good enough and that's something we will look at next week.
"At the moment, everything's about being together in the FA Cup semi-final."
Asked whether there was a sense of dejection after the Merseyside derby, they said: "I wouldn't use the word dejection. We carry hurt.
"We need to forget about the league. We have put in strong work for 10 months and want to repair the hurt everyone at the club is feeling, from the fans to the players."
Team news
Media playback is not supported on this device Everton v Manchester United: A classic FA Cup legacy
Right-back Seamus Coleman will miss the semi-final with the hamstring injury they suffered against Southampton last Saturday.
Club captain Phil Jagielka, fellow centre-back John Stones and midfielder Gareth Barry face fitness tests.
Jagielka has not played since injuring a hamstring at Watford on 9 April, Stones was substituted at Anfield with stomach cramps and Barry was replaced at half-time in the same game with a groin injury.
Martinez said "we are quite positive about John" and added of Jagielka: "Knowing Phil, they are desperate to play but we are not going to say no and we are going to [look at] their feelings rather than the injury."
HOUSTON - A would-be robber was shot and killed by a store employee in east Houston.
The shooting happened at Ruiz Cash n Carry in the 1700 block of Sgt. Marcario Garcia Drive at Ave Q around 8:30 a.m. Thursday.
HPD announced Friday that the shooting will be referred to a Harris County grand jury.
According to HPD, an employee was carrying a bag as they arrived to work. When they got to the door of the business, a robber put a gun to their back and demanded cash.
The worker had a concealed handgun license and was hiding their own gun underneath the bag. When they turned to face the robber, they shot the robber two to three times in the chest.
The robber was transported to the hospital, where they later died. Their identification is pending verification by the Harris Coutny Institute of Forensic Sciences, according to HPD.
The bag the employee was carrying was filled with medication, not cash, as the suspect may have believed.
A witness reported seeing a vehicle fleeing the scene after the shooting, so it is possible more suspects are involved, police say.
Copyright 2015 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Smoke in Burma is visible from Bangladesh in Shah Porir Dip in September. (Allison Joyce/Getty Images)
For Buddhists in Burma, even a quick scroll through Facebook's news feed provides fuel for hatred and nationalistic fervor.
An endless stream of provocative photos and cartoons claim that there is no "ethnic cleansing" against Burma's Muslim Rohingya minority. Instead, according to the posts, international news and human rights organizations are falsely accusing the military of carrying out atrocities against the Rohingya to help terrorists infiltrate the country, kill Buddhists and carve out a separatist Islamic province.
Burma was long closed off by a military regime, with centuries-old tensions between its Budd­hist and Muslim communities leashed by strict control over traditional media.As the country transitions into democracy, those constraints have loosened and access to the Internet has expanded rapidly, most notably through a Facebook program called Free Basics that has catapulted the platform into prominence as a major source of news in Burma.
But the sudden proliferation of recently available technologies has accelerated the spread of ethnic hatred in Burma, stoking tensions amid a violent military crackdown that has sent more than 600,000 Rohingya fleeing across the border into Bangladesh.
Information-age Burma is defined by Facebook: More people have access to Facebook than have regular electricity in their homes. A recent study found that 38 percent of Facebook users in Burma got most, if not all, of their news on the site. And news feeds in Burma are rife with anti-Rohingya posts, shared not only by ordinary people but also by senior military officers and the spokesperson for Burma's de facto leader, Aung Sang Suu Kyi.
[Burma has committed ‘ethnic cleansing,' U.S. says. Where does Suu Kyi go from here?]
"Burma is experiencing an ugly renaissance of genocidal propaganda," said Matthew Smith, the co-founder of Fortify Rights, a human rights organization working in Southeast Asia. "And it spreads like wildfire on Facebook."
Ruchika Budhraja, a spokesperson for Facebook, said the company has been ramping up its efforts in Burma to curtail hate speech and has had a Burmese-language team in place to monitor posts "for several years." Facebook relies on users to flag content that might violate the site's complicated "community standards." Misinformation does not qualify for removal on its own but can be removed if it is particularly obscene or contains threats.
Almost no one had a smartphone in Burma four years ago, but now they're ubiquitous, and many Burmese accesses the Internet through Facebook. (Annie Gowen/The Washington Post)
The most well-known purveyor of anti-Rohingya social media posts is Ashin Wirathu, an enormously influential hard-line monk who turned to Facebook after they were banned from public preaching for a year by the government. Wirathu likened Muslims to mad dogs and posted pictures of dead bodies they claimed were Buddhists killed by Muslims, while never acknowledging brutality faced by the ­Rohingya.
[‘We are going to kill you': Villagers in Burma recount violence by Rohingya Muslim militants]
Facebook said in a statement that Wirathu's access to their account had been restricted in the past, and that some content had been removed, but would not say whether the company regularly monitors it for hate speech.
Nationalist monk Thu Seikta at their monastery in Rangoon, Burma, on Nov. 14. (Annie Gowen/Annie Gowen/The Washington Post)
Other Buddhist nationalist monks also use Facebook as a recruiting tool.
One of those monks is Thu Seikta. In a monastery in central Rangoon, Burma's former capital and largest city, Seikta pulled out a silver tablet and swiped through its applications. Nearby, two junior monks held phones, filming visitors in the hushed, wood-
paneled hall. Cats snoozed on sacks of rice.
Seikta knows well that Facebook isn't just a place to share ideas but to mobilize followers, too. In April, they advertised a rally they were organizing outside the U.S. Embassy in Rangoon against the State Department's use of the term "Rohingya" and subsequently called for volunteers to intimidate Muslim shopkeepers who work near the golden-domed Shwedagon Pagoda.
Facebook said that Seikta's account was being evaluated based on information provided by The Washington Post.
Seikta said the Rohingya exodus to Bangladesh since violence broke out in late August made them happy. The Burmese military engaged in what it called "clearance operations" in Rohingya villages and said it targeted only Rohingya militants accused of attacking outposts of the security forces, killing officers and stealing weapons.
"Bengali people are the most dangerous people in the world," the monk said. "It is natural for them to go to their home place. If they come back, there will be more violence."
In Burma, which is also known as Myanmar, the term "Bengali" takes on pejorative connotations when used to identify the Rohingya. Much of the propaganda that spreads online reinforces the falsehood that the Rohingya are immigrants from Bangladesh, despite the group having historical ties to what is now Burma since before the British colonial era. And the first to perpetuate the use of "Bengali" and other falsehoods on Facebook are often government or military accounts.
A recent Facebook post on the page of the office of the Burmese military's commander in chief — which has more than 2 million followers — detailed the results of an internal investigation that exonerated the military of any persecution of the Rohingya and used the term "Bengali terrorist" 41 times.
An allegation that some Rohingya burned their own villages and then blamed it on Burmese security forces is also common. Zaw Htay, a spokesperson for Suu Kyi, used their Facebook page to share the claim, along with images since proven to have been doctored. They remain on their page.
The deployment of Facebook by Suu Kyi's government "smacks of immaturity of governance," said David Mathieson, an independent Burma analyst formerly with Human Rights Watch. "The military has embraced this as well. The commander in chief [of the armed forces] is a slave to social media."
Facebook's reliance on users to flag questionable content means people like Maung Maung Lwin, 29, a waiter at a trendy coffee shop, are left mostly to their own wits to distinguish fact from fake.
Lwin works and lives in Sittwe, the capital of Burma's Rakhine state, home to most Rohingya before these months of upheaval. They flicked the screen of their Redmi Note 3, an inexpensive Indian-made cellphone, to show the news of the Rohingya crisis on their Facebook feed.
A cartoon on social media shows the United Nations and Organization of Islamic Cooperation pushing a Trojan horse full of Rohingya militants into Burma. (Annie Gowen/Annie Gowen/The Washington Post)
Their friend had posted an anti-Rohingya cartoon that shows the Organization of Islamic Cooperation and the United Nations pushing a Trojan horse full of Rohingya militants into Burma. Farther down, dated photos of dead Burmese soldiers are attached to another post. Lwin dismissed the first cartoon as "too political" and the second as obvious fake news.
Lwin said they could usually tell the difference between real and fake news. But for most, that kind of discernment comes only with experience, and Burma is just entering the digital era.
The Internet's power seems to have disturbed Burma's elected government, too — though not out of any apparent concern for the Rohingya. On Nov. 8, Burma's parliament approved a law that allows the government "to oversee and monitor the misuse of information technology which may harm the character and morality of youths and disrupt tranquility."
In a post for Facebook's "Hard Questions" blog, a company vice president wrote of the problem of catching and removing hate speech in Burma.
"We've had trouble enforcing this policy correctly recently, mainly due to the challenges of understanding the context; after further examination, we've been able to get it right," they wrote. "But we expect this to be a long-term challenge."
Bearak reported from Washington.
Read more
‘Blood flowed in the streets': Refugees from one Rohingya hamlet recount days of horror
Washington begins to sour on Aung San Suu Kyi amid mounting ethnic violence in Burma
Rohingya refugees crossing into Bangladesh face another threat: Land mines
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
during new moon, it appears completely dark . Using powerful telescopes, astronomers discovered that it is not entirely dark, but the faint diffuse component is barely detectable. The major contributors to this emission, spanning the wavelengths from very high energy (gamma, X-ray) to very low frequencies (far-IR, sub-mm, radio), are: particles within the Solar system; gas and dust in the Milky Way (our Galaxy); stellar plus dust radiation by galaxies beyond our own, and e latter two are also known as If one looks at the night sky,new moon, it appears completely. Using powerful telescopes, astronomers discovered that it isnot entirely dark, butfaint diffuse component is barelydetectable. The major contributors to this emission, spanning thewavelengths from very high energy (gamma, X-ray) to very lowfrequencies (far-IR, sub-mm, radio), are: particles within the Solarsystem; gas and dust in the Milky Way (our Galaxy); stellar plus dustradiation by galaxies beyond our own, and Active Galactic Nuclei (AGN) . Thlatter twoknown as Extragalactic Background Light (EBL)
long period, stars and AGNs had time to produce the EBL we see today, but at present we know that the Universe was very different when it was young. Before the first stars and galaxies formed, the Universe was filled with electrically neutral ultraviolet light. Thus, there wa s an epoch, when the Universe had an age less than approximately 400-780 million years (or redshift grater than 7-12), when it was completely dark. As the ultraviolet radiation from the first galaxies and AGN excited the gas, making it electrically charged (ionized), it gradually became transparent to ultraviolet light. This process is technically known as as there is thought to have been a brief period within the first 100,000 years after the ionized. This transition from neutral to ionized hydrogen is also known as the End of the Dark Ages. The Universe today is around 13.7 billion years old. During thislong period, stars and AGNs had time to produce the EBL we see today,but at present we know that the Universe was very different when itwas young. Before the first stars and galaxies formed, the Universewas filled with electrically neutral hydrogen gas (HI), which absorbsultraviolet light. Thus, theres an epoch, when theUniverse had an age less than approximately 400-780 million years (orredshift grater than 7-12), when it was completely dark. As the ultravioletradiation from the first galaxies and AGN excited the gas, making itelectrically charged (ionized), it gradually became transparent toultraviolet light. This process is technically known as reionization as there is thought to have been a brief period within the first100,000 years after the Big Bang in which the hydrogen was alsoionized. This transition from neutral to ionized hydrogen is alsoas the End of the Dark Ages.
Cosmic Time and Reionization epoch. From cosmic dark ages to
light. Credit: isciencetimes formed and when this reionization process started to occur. An international team of astronomers used the look back into the early Universe and observe several of the most distant galaxies ever detected. They have been able to measure their distances accurately and find that we are seeing them as they were between 780 million and a billion years after the Big Bang (or at redshift greater than 7). These new observations have allowed astronomers to establish a time-line for the epoch of reionization for the first time. During this phase the fog of hydrogen gas in the early Universe was clearing, allowing ultraviolet light to pass unhindered for the first time. But scientists do not know exactly when the first sources of lightformed and when this reionization process started to occur. Aninternational team of astronomers used the VLT as a time machine, tolook back into the early Universe and observe several of the mostdistant galaxies ever detected. They have been able to measure theirdistances accurately and find that we are seeing them as they werebetween 780 million and a billion years after the Big Bang (or atredshift greater than 7). These new observations have allowed astronomersto establish a time-line for the epoch of reionization for the firsttime. During this phase the fog of hydrogen gas in the early Universewas clearing, allowing ultraviolet light to pass unhindered for thefirst time.
Universe is the real nature of the t they Dark Ages. Plausible candidates for the reionization processes are stars in galaxies and AGN. At high redshifts, however, the number density of luminous AGN starts to decrease, and it is rare to find supermassive Black Holes actively accreting matter (AGN) at redshift gr e ater than 6-7. Although other exotic explanations can be found, the simplest explanation for Reionization is the ubiquitous presence of galaxies in the high redshift Universe. With HST and its new instrument WFC3 working on the near-IR wavelengths, astronomers have started to find candidate galaxies at redshift greater than 7, routinely observing galaxies at redshift 8-9, and possibly a greater than 10. However, these sources have not yet been confirmed through spectroscopic observations (as has been done at redshift 7 by the VLT): at the moment they are only candidates for being the most distant sources observed in the Universe. Another pressing question for astronomers working on the high redshiftUniverse is the real nature of the first sources that endedheDark Ages. Plausible candidates for the reionization processes arestars in galaxies and AGN. At high redshifts, however, the numberdensity of luminous AGN starts to decrease, and it is rare to findsuper massive Black Holes actively accreting matter (AGN) at redshiftgrater than 6-7. Although other exotic explanations can be found, thesimplest explanation for Reionization is the ubiquitous presence ofgalaxies in the high redshift Universe. With HST and its newinstrument WFC3 working on the near-IR wavelengths, astronomers have started to findcandidate galaxies at redshift greater than 7, routinely observinggalaxies at redshift 8-9, and possibly a few candidates at redshiftgreater than 10. However, these sources have not yet been confirmed throughspectroscopic observations (as has been done at redshift 7 by the VLT): atthe moment they are only candidates for being the most distantsources observed in the Universe.
galaxies gets stretched as it passes through space. The further light has to travel, the more its wavelength is stretched. As red is the longest wavelength visible to our eyes, the characteristic red colour this gives to extremely distant objects has become known as ‘ an object's light has been affected, it is also by extension a measure both of the object's distance, and of how long after the Big Bang we see it. Because the Universe is expanding, the wavelength of light fromgalaxies gets stretched as it passes through space. The further lighthas to travel, the more its wavelength is stretched. As red is thelongest wavelength visible to our eyes, the characteristic red colourthis gives to extremely distant objects has become known as redshift .' Although it is technically a measure of how the colour ofan object's light has been affected, it is also by extension a measureboth of the object's distance, and of how long after the Big Bang wesee it.
Thus, the combination of the Universe's expansion and ISM absorption turns into a typical colour combination for galaxies at high redshifts, which are typically "red at short wavelengths and blue at long wavelengths", or more simply "drop-out" galaxies, since they tend to disappear in the blue bands.
A galaxy candidate at redshift 3.
Galaxies at redshift 3 are "drop-out" in the
U band (around 3600 Angstrom observed,
Credit: corresponding to 900 Angstrom rest frame).Credit: R. Ellis thousands of galaxies at redshift greater than 3, most of which have been successfully confirmed through spectroscopic observations. Astronomical spreading out the light from the galaxy into its component colours, much like a prism splits sunlight into a rainbow. The so called drop-out technique has allowed astronomers to findthousands of galaxies at redshift greater than 3, most of which havebeen successfully confirmed through spectroscopic observations.Astronomical spectroscopy is a technique which involves splitting andspreading out the light from the galaxy into its component colours,much like a prism splits sunlight into a rainbow.
Thanks to the drop-out technique and to the availability of powerful near-IR instruments like WFC3 on-board HST, we were able to find more than 150 candidate galaxies around z=7, reaching very faint luminosities. The faintest galaxies we found have a luminosit y which is 1.6 billion fainter than the faintest stars we can see with the naked eye o n a dark night.
processes we need to know three quantities: their number density, their efficiency at emit ionizing radiation (called escape fraction, see the Universe (called clumpiness). If galaxies at redshift around 7 are ubiquitous and numerous in number, if they emit a lot of UV ionizing radiation and if the material between one galaxy and another (called way, than it is easy for galaxies at redshift 7 to reionize the Universe. To derive the contributions of these galaxies to the Reionizationprocesses we need to know three quantities: their number density, theirefficiency at emit ionizing radiation (called escape fraction, see this post by H. Teplitz), and a measurement of the non homogeneity ofthe Universe (called clumpiness). If galaxies at redshift around 7are ubiquitous and numerous in number, if they emit a lot of UVionizing radiation and if the material between one galaxy and another(called Inter g alactic Medium or IGM) is distributed in a homogeneousway, than it is easy for galaxies at redshift 7 to reionize theUniverse.
High surface brightness galaxy (upper left) compared with
three low surface brightness galaxies. Low surface brightness
galaxies, which have low contrast compared to the brightness
of the sky, are hard to find, even at low redshift!
Credit: University of Arizona we have measured the number density of galaxies at redshift around 7. This is a very delicate measurement, since it involves a number of corrections for incompleteness and systematics th at have been derived through long and complex s imulations. In particular, one of the most important factors in these simulations is the If two galaxies have the same luminosity, but different sizes, it is easier to find the compact galaxy (with high surface brightness) than the large r one (characterized by low surface brightness). Using HST data,have measured the number density ofgalaxies at redshift around 7. This is a very delicate measurement, sinceit involves a number of corrections for incompleteness and systematics thhave been derived through long andcompleximulations.In particular, one of the most important factors in these simulationsis the surface brightness bias effect.If two galaxies have the same luminosity, but different sizes,it is easier to find the compact galaxy (with high surface brightness)than the largeone (characterized by low surface brightness).
galaxies, with fainter galaxies being smaller, and hence with higher surface brightness. Using this relation , we were able to derive with great accuracy the number density of galaxies at redshift 7, also known as the At redshift 7 there is a relation between the size and luminosity ofgalaxies, with fainter galaxies being smaller, and hence withhigher surface brightness.thiswere able to derive with great accuracy the numberdensity of galaxies at redshift 7, also known as the Luminosity Function
The Luminosity Function of galaxies at redshift 7. Blue and magenta
points and lines have been derived using CANDELS+HUDF data.
An interesting result of this work is that the number of ionizing photons emitted from galaxies at redshift around 7 cannot keep the Universe reionized if the IGM is clumpy and the ionizing escape fraction of high-z galaxies is relatively low (less than 30%). We are currently waiting for deeper and wider data from HST to confirm this result and put strict limits on the role of galaxies in the reionization of the Universe.
Maybe all the Heat really needed was a booster shot of Udonis Haslem.
For the first time since January, the Heat's co-captain and emotional beacon played important minutes for the defending back-to-back champions Tuesday against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Haslem then started against Boston on Wednesday night in place of Greg Oden. In both games, Haslem provided a dose of passion that was missing during the Heat's losing skid.
“That's the role they have right now and they really can make an impact in this kind of minutes — those type of short-burst minutes you see the impact with their energy and the rebounding,” Heat coach Erik Spoelstra said after the 100-96 victory against the Cavaliers.
The Heat's two-game road trip offered Haslem their first meaningful minutes since January. They began the season as a starter before being replaced in the lineup by Shane Battier. Now, both Battier and Haslem are coming off the bench and Oden is starting alongside Chris Bosh in the Heat's frontcourt.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
It was Haslem's first start since Nov.7, which moved them past Glen Rice for second place on the Heat's all-time list for games started.
“You worry about what you can control,” Haslem said. “What I can control is when I step on the floor, how do I play my minutes? It's to play with energy, and play with emotion, and be intense, and defend, and rebound, and just do all the little things.”
Haslem's first basket against the Celtics was a dunk. They then scored six points in the first four minutes of the opening period, including another dunk.
They finished their first-quarter minutes with 12 points, going 6 of 7 from the field. Haslem's season-high for field goals was three before Wednesday and their previous season-high for points scored was seven.
“It feels good to be able to contribute,” Haslem said. “However you can contribute when you step on the floor and how hard you play and the effort that you give is the only thing you can control.”
LeBron a scratch
The Heat's starting lineup against Boston on Wednesday — Mario Chalmers, Dwyane Wade, Michael Beasley, Bosh and Haslem — was the 16th different starting lineup for the team this season.
LeBron James was a late scratch for the Heat's only game in Boston this season.
The team held James out as a precaution after an apparent bout of back spasms following their 42-minute effort against the Cavaliers on Tuesday night. James had 43 points against their old team, including 25 points in the first quarter. They spoke with reporters before Wednesday's game in Boston with a heat pad around their lower back. The team announced James would not play after the locker room closed.
James has now missed three games this season. The Heat won the previous two games — (at Portland on Dec. 28 and against the Bulls on Feb. 23) — with James on the bench.
“Obviously, none of us is going to be 100 percent going into the playoffs,” James said. “But it is what it is. That's the team we are. We've played a lot of basketball over the last four years. Guys have to be smart about certain situations and understand that if they can go, then go. But right now, we would rather go into the playoffs with 15 guys [full roster] instead of 13 or 12.”
Future honor
Reporters in Cleveland are always looking to stir the pot when James is in town. A common question over the past two years is whether James thinks their jersey should be retired at Quicken Loans Arena. James addressed the topic while in Cleveland.
“It's not for me to really be concerned about or to even think about,” James said. “At the end of the day, it's something that we all as professional athletes dream about — to have your jersey retired in any building, or whatever franchise you ever played for, that means you were able to be successful both on and off the floor, so we'll see.”
The Bollinger Motors B-1 may look like a design study for the next Ford Bronco or Land Rover Defender, but it's more like a Tesla under its utilitarian skin.
The B-1 is a battery-powered take on the kind of bare-bones truck nobody seems to make anymore, and was appropriately born on a farm in Hobart, New York.
Company founder Robert Bollinger was raising grass-fed cattle there and wasn't happy with the trucks they were driving. So they bought a garage that had gone out of business, dusted off their degree in industrial design from Carnegie Mellon and hired a diverse team of engineers to help them build something better for both work and play.
The result is an SUV that's about the size of the original Ford Bronco that has an aluminum chassis with a battery pack in the floor, two electric motors, and a steel roll cage. The body is aluminum too. It's all flat panels and hard angles with exposed hinges, rivets and bolts. Not because it's still in development, but so that owners can fix and customize it them themselves.
They can also transform it from an SUV into a pickup by removing the back seats, the rear section of the roof and installing a wall between the bed and the cab.
The bed isn't that long, but it's wide enough for a 4 x 8 sheet of plywood, and since there's no engine up front, there's a storage compartment under the hood and a full-length passage running down the middle of the B-1 that can accommodate boards up to 12-feet long without opening the tailgate.
It's an innovative design that takes full advantage of the skateboard-style architecture enabled by the electric powertrain, which allows for a flat bottom protected by a quarter-inch skid plate.
The centrally-mounted, liquid-cooled motors each have a two-speed gearbox with low range and feed their combined output of 360 hp and 472 lb-ft of torque to the wheels via geared axle hubs, also known as portal axles. This increases available ground clearance, which can be adjusted between 10 and 20 inches thanks to a hydropneumatic suspension system. The B-1's maximum approach, breakover and departure angles of 56, 33, and 53 degrees would make a mountain goat jealous, let alone a Jeep Wrangler.
Along with its purported off-road prowess, Bollinger says the B-1 can accelerate to 60 mph in 4.5 seconds, making it as quick as a Ford F-150 Raptor and many high performance SUVs. Its range between charges is estimated at either 120 or 200 miles, depending on if it's equipped with a 60 kwh or 100 kwh battery pack.
The B-1 was engineered to haul or tow 6,100 pounds and has a gross vehicle weight rating of 10,001 pounds. That makes it a Class 3 truck, which means it doesn't need a lot of the costly safety equipment passenger cars do. A factor that helps clear its path to production.
Considering it came from a startup with about a dozen people working for it, the B-1 looked professionally-made and convincing in person at its unveiling in New York on Thursday, but there's still work to be done.
So far, Bollinger has largely funded the project with the proceeds they made from the multi-million sale of a skin care company, but he'll be looking for additional partners to bring it to fruition. The plan is to work with existing contract manufacturers to kick off low volume production, which doesn't sound all that different than what Tesla was up to a decade ago. One thing's for certain: they won't build it anywhere but the USA.
While Tesla has promised to sell a pickup truck of its own in a couple of years, there really isn't anything like the B-1 on the market or the horizon. Bollinger's initial target is to build about 5,000 to 10,000 trucks a year, with eyes on growing that number to 100,000. He's confident production can begin within 18 months of finalizing financing and the manufacturing plan.
Pricing for the B-1 hasn't been set, but they say it will be competitive with a well-equipped SUV, and not necessarily a luxury one. Depending on volume, Bollinger is hopeful it will come in way under six figures. So figure on something in the $60,000 to $80,000 range.
Bollinger says he's dreamed about building a truck since they were a kid, and he's clearly a believer. Both in their creation and an electric vehicle future. Now they just has to find a few thousand people who feel the same.
MRI shows surprising differences in brain structure among adult earthquake survivors with and without post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), according to a new study appearing online in the journal Radiology.
PTSD is an anxiety disorder triggered by a traumatic event resulting in serious physical injury or with the potential to cause serious physical injury. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, up to 6.8 percent of U.S. adults will experience PTSD in their lifetime. Symptoms can include strong and unwanted memories of the event, bad dreams, emotional numbness, intense guilt or worry, angry outbursts, feeling “on edge,” and avoiding thoughts and situations that are reminders of the trauma.
For the study, the researchers aimed to explore cerebral alterations related to the emergence of PTSD, and to explore the relationship between abnormalities or structural changes in the brain and the clinical severity and duration of time since the trauma.
Patients were recruited from a large-scale survey of 4,200 earthquake survivors. The inclusion criterion for all screened survivors was direct exposure to the massive destruction, medical injury and deaths from the earthquake.
“It is particularly important to compare PTSD patients to similarly stressed individuals in order to learn about the specific brain alterations directly related to PTSD that occur above and beyond general stress responses,” said the study's senior author, Qiyong Gong, M.D., Ph.D., from Huaxi MR Research Center at West China Hospital of Sichuan University in Chengdu, China.
The patients were initially evaluated using the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS) by trained earthquake support psychologists, and those with a CAPS score of ?50 were further evaluated by a psychiatrist to determine the presence or absence of PTSD and other psychiatric diagnoses. Patients with a history of psychiatric disorder before the earthquake, drug dependence or other relevant medical conditions were excluded from the study.
Ultimately, the study included 67 PTSD patients and a matched group of 78 healthy survivors. All participants underwent MRI scanning on a 3.0T MRI system.
The findings revealed the PTSD patients had greater cortical thickness in certain brain regions and reduced volume in other brain regions compared to healthy earthquake survivors. PTSD severity was positively correlated with cortical thickness in the left precuneus region of the brain.
“Our results indicated that PTSD patients had alterations in both gray matter and white matter in comparison with other individuals who experienced similar psychological trauma from the same earthquake,” Dr. Gong said. “Importantly, early in the course of PTSD, gray matter changes were in the form of increased rather than decreased cortical thickness, as opposed to most reported observations from other studies of PTSD. This might result from a neuroinflammatory or other process that could be related to endocrine changes or a functional compensation.”
Dr. Gong added that the left precuneus is well known to be important in visual processing and is more active in PTSD patients during memory tasks. “It's possible that changes in the precuneus may comprise a neural alteration related to visual flashback symptoms in PTSD,” they said.
According to the researchers, the study findings have important potential clinical value for identifying individuals who are likely to develop persistent PTSD after experiencing a devastating event.
× Verizon: Sabotage incidents soar as workers strike
NEW YORK– Cord-cutting has been taken to a new extreme at Verizon — and the company is suggesting striking workers are to blame.
Verizon said Wednesday it is investigating 57 instances of network sabotage and other criminal activity during the two weeks since 36,000 workers walked off the job.
In a normal year, the company said such incidents are “rare,” with just about six or so reported. But Verizon said the nefarious activity has “accelerated” since the strike began on April 13.
Verizon said the criminal incidents have taken place across five states and includes “intentionally damaging Verizon equipment,” vandalizing terminal boxes and “severing” fiber-optic cables.
For instance, Verizon said vandals in Salisbury, MA sliced wires inside a terminal that provided 911 emergency services to local residents. Service was later restored. There have been 17 incidents alone in New Jersey, mostly in the northern part of the state, Verizon said.
Verizon hasn't found the perpetrators but it says “these malicious actions take place as Verizon is experiencing a strike, now in its 15th day.” The company said it's working with authorities to pursue criminal charges.
“These are criminal activities, affecting people's safety and putting lives at risk,” Michael Mason, Verizon's chief security officer, said in a statement.
The Communications Workers of America, the Verizon union on strike, noted that regulators have criticized the company in the past for failing to keep up with maintenance issues and wear and tear.
“Sadly, Verizon executives want to blame problems on the men and women who are building the company's massive profits, but the fact remains that it is Verizon executives who are shortchanging customers and workers alike,” the union said in a statement.
Verizon made similar claims of sabotage in 2011 during an even larger strike that involved 45,000 workers. At that time Verizon said a police station and a hospital lost service after phone lines were cut. It led to an FBI investigation. The CWA condemned those acts, saying it does not condone illegal action of any kind.
Verizon is currently offering rewards of up to $10,000 for information leading to the arrest and prosecution of those who intentionally damage the telecom giant's equipment. The company urged anyone who witnesses sabotage to call 911.
The Verizon strike, the largest in the U.S. since the 2011 Verizon strike, involves mostly workers who service Verizon's landline phone business and FiOS broadband services.
Verizon workers are upset over jobs being shipped overseas to Mexico and other countries, as well as the company hiring low-wage, non-union contractors.
SEOUL, South Korea — The United States military said on Monday that it would practice evacuating noncombatant Americans out of South Korea in the event of war and other emergencies, as the two allies began a joint naval exercise amid heightened tensions with North Korea.
It has conducted similar evacuation exercises for decades. But with fears rising in the South that the United States might be preparing for military action against the North, the American military issued a rare news release on Monday stressing that the noncombatant evacuation exercise was a “routinely scheduled” drill.
The drill, known as Courageous Channel, is scheduled from next Monday through Friday and is aimed at preparing American “service members and their families to respond to a wide range of crisis management events such as noncombatant evacuation and natural or human-made disasters,” the United States military said in a statement.
The South Korean government of President Moon Jae-in has repeatedly warned that it opposes a military solution to the North Korean nuclear crisis because it could quickly escalate into a full-blown war in which Koreans would suffer the most.
If you want to make small indie films, you kind of have to be okay with a few things: you'll most likely always be broke, work non-stop, and won't find a whole lot of success.
I don't want to mislead you — low-budget indie filmmaking isn't all sunshine and rainbows. This is evident in the keynote director Joe Swanberg (Drinking Buddies, Silver Bullets) gave at SXSW today, in which they talked about the struggles they faced as a filmmaker from Chicago, whether it was trying to make films for nothing or the sheer insanity of making 7 feature films in a single year.
Here are several takeaways from their SXSW keynote (update: embedded in full below).
Try to put out as much work as you can (even if it's shit)
If you want to know what kind of filmmaker Swanberg is, all you have to do is take a look at their filmography. The man has only been making films for the last 10 years, but they already have 29 director credits to their name, 6 of which were all completed in 2011 alone. (Yes — that's 6 feature films in one year.) So, needless to say, Swanberg is prolific.
But why? Why would a filmmaker ever want to churn out such a high volume of work in such a short amount of time? According to Swanberg, it was mostly about getting their work noticed. They quipped that even if festivals, audiences, and critics ignore your work at first, if you start producing film after film, you're bound to get noticed eventually — even if your work is total shit.
'Happy Christmas' (2014)
Attention spans are shrinking, so release your film wisely
Making a film is difficult, but all the work that must be done after the cameras stop rolling is next level. You've got to start thinking about distribution strategies, film premieres, and festival runs, and one major issue Swanberg noticed after several of their films showed at SXSW is that audience attention spans are shrinking. They noticed that even if there was a significant amount of buzz during a project's festival run, it would all dry up once it was distributed 6 or 7 months later. Their solution was to do a "festival day-and-date release", which just means releasing your film on VOD right after it premieres at a festival — that way, audiences will be able to watch (and pay for) your movie at the peak of its hype.
"The only way you're ever going to make any money is if you invest in your own movies."
Making 7 features in one year is not that crazy
Okay, yes it is, but not in a bad way. After meeting director Adam Wingard (You're Next, V/H/S), Swanberg learned that lightning quick, improvisational, super cheap filmmaking was a great way to raise your potential to make some money making movies. They note that during this "7 films in a year" period, they were spending less than a week making these features and then turning right around and selling them to IFC. Was they making a huge profit? No. They admit that none of these films alone made much money, but cumulatively, they kept them fed, clothed, and able to continue working.
Invest in your own movies
You have to spend money to make money, right? It's pretty true when it comes to making small indie films, and there are several reasons why. First of all, you may have no other option. If you can't find financing, chances are you're going to have to foot the bill up front. Second, it allows you to keep working — and (hopefully) keep working the way you want. Lastly and most importantly, if you put up a significant investment that gives you a higher percentage of the ownership of your project, the more of a percentage of the profits you'll get back. This was an issue Swanberg addressed after making Drinking Buddies. They say they didn't make a whole lot of money on the film because they only had 7% ownership of the project. So, they decided to invest all of their earnings from Drinking Buddies into their next film Happy Christmas, and in doing this was able to make more money than they ever had before.
'Drinking Buddies' (2013)
It's better to have no money than some money
This is one of the most interesting points from the keynote, because almost every filmmaker out there would agree that it's better to have a small budget than no budget at all. However, Swanberg says that having no money has more perks than having some, because, as they put it:
If you have "some money", everybody is going to want some of that "some money." If you have "no money", everybody knows it — and then they're just there to work. In the best case scenario — you sell a movie and then you're able to pay people afterwards better than you could've paid them if you had "some money."
For more, see our complete coverage of the 2016 SXSW Film Festival. Listen to our podcasts from SXSW (or subscribe in iTunes):
No Film School's coverage of the 2016 SXSW Film Festival is sponsored by SongFreedom.
SOMERVILLE -- A Somerset County man who insists they were growing marijuana to alleviate the symptoms of multiple sclerosis rejected the state Attorney General's final plea offer today.
Franklin Township resident John Ray Wilson, 37, who is accused of first-degree maintaining or operating a drug-production facility for the 17 plants police found in August 2008, appeared before Superior Court Judge Robert Reed and said they understand that they could face a stiffer sentence.
Wilson also is charged with second-degree manufacturing and third-degree drug possession. The state offered them nine years in prison, with three years and three months mandatory. They face up to 35 years, if convicted and sentenced consecutively.
Defense lawyer James Wronko and Deputy Attorney General Daniel Bornstein agreed on a trial date, with jury selection slated to begin Dec. 14. Deputy Attorney General Russell Curley will represent the state.
Wilson's case has drawn national attention amid the ongoing debate surrounding the New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act, which would give patients of debilitating diseases structured access to the drug.
November 26, 1998 was the day that my love for sports was flipped upside down. I was in the fourth grade and just started playing tackle football. I began showing interest in watching professional football. I was at my Uncle's house to celebrate the annual holiday of giving thanks (props), when we settled in to watch the Dallas Cowboys host the Minnesota Vikings. One minute into the game Randall Cunningham chucked the pigskin deep down the field and a purple flash ran under it and trotted into the end zone. At the end of the first quarter, I experienced déjà vu as once again Cunningham hurled the ball deep to the lanky receiver wearing the number 84 for another fifty-yard touchdown. Finally, as the third quarter was winding down, that same receiver caught a screen pass at midfield and literally ran past every member of the Cowboys defense for a fifty-six yard score.
I quickly realized who this FREAK athlete was: their name was Randy Moss, a rookie drafted 21st by the Minnesota Vikings. Moss was the star wide out in college for the Marshall Thundering Herd, hauling in 54 touchdowns in two seasons. Due to off field issues (smoking a little marijuana), twenty teams passed on Moss in the '98 draft, including the Dallas Cowboys. The Cowboys had even given verbal confirmation to the rookie that they would be their selection. After being passed up by Dallas and several other teams, Moss made it their mission to “tear up the league”. As previously described, Randy absolutely destroyed the Cowboys on Thanksgiving Day, but they didn't stop there. They finished their rookie campaign with a rookie-record 17 touchdowns earning them the NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year honor and a NFC Pro Bowl selection.
Throughout their career Moss continued stretching defenses, shattering records, and pulling in absurd acrobatic catches. They retired in 2012, holding 2nd place in almost every single receiving statistical category behind the great Jerry Rice. However, many times Randy was scrutinized for on and off field antics including: lack of effort, fake mooning the Packers home crowd, smoking a little Mary Jane (now legalized in many states), and commenting about gross catering food. In a league where players commit murder, beat their wives and children, and take enhancements to put them above their peers, I don't believe Moss was ever given a fair chance.
Basically, Randy Moss is just a misunderstood country boy from Rand, West Virginia that is undoubtedly the most talented and athletic Wide Receiver to ever suit up in the NFL. Now that he's retired you will find them bass fishing and spending time with their family. Most important of all Randy lives by one motto that they call the 3 F's.
FAITH FAMILY FOOTBALL
Jurassic Park meets Jackass.
I love Jurassic Park — it's one of my favorite movies of all time. I remember watching it over and over on VHS as a kid. As I got older I thought about it in different ways. One question that always bugged me was: Where did all the scientists go? I believe I have found the answer.
Logline:
Following the events on Isla Nublar, a large number of genetic scientists now find themselves looking for work. With not enough jobs to go around, a select few decide to start a start-up, where, for a nominal fee, they will prank people with dinosaurs and other genetic experiments.
Seriously, where did all those scientists go and get jobs? Is there a lack of genetic specialists in the world? Ones that can specifically makes dinosaurs out of frogs.
I imagine a scene where the scientists are pitching to venture capitalists. It would go something like this. Turn the arguments against the park into sales pitches and boom. These scientists haven't learned from the mistakes made at Jurassic Park and don't feel a need to change the way they did it the first time. It was clearly park security's fault that the dinosaurs got lose. The scientists know how to deal with these dangerous animals.
Random scene ideas:
Amateur promo video showing off Jurassic Pranks' services. This is also used for pitches to VCs
The scientists launch Triceratops poop from a rooftop catapult and drown angry protestors in it.
Genetic experiment failures get dropped off at a animal shelter.
The scientists don't like BD Wong, so they replace all their houseplants with prehistoric flesh-eating plants. One of which eats their poodle.
The scientists try to figure out what exactly their services are, and make a huge list of possibilities.
Celebration of the number one selling service: Raptor Surprise. A very simple service, scientists will engineer a raptor to your liking (color, size, custom text) and hide it in a location of your choosing to surprise any chosen target. The raptor also is genetically engineered to yell, “Surprise.”
If you have never seen Jurassic Park, buy it on blu-ray right now. You'll thank me later.
Jurassic Park (Blu-ray + DVD + Digital Copy + UltraViolet)
It's not necessarily a doable short film, as the budget would be huge. Although there are work-arounds for everything; shooting in a way that doesn't show many dinosaurs. But it is Jurassic Park, and we shall spare no expense.
HOLLYWOOD, Fla. (AP) — Their general-election appeal in question, Donald Trump's senior team is promising anxious Republicans that voters will see “a real different guy” soon after the GOP front-runner claims their party's presidential nomination.
“When he's out on the stage, when he's talking about the kinds of things he's talking about on the stump, he's projecting an image that's for that purpose,” Paul Manafort, who is leading Trump's primary election strategy, told Republican National Committee members in a private briefing late Thursday. The Associated Press obtained a recording of the discussion.
“You'll start to see more depth of the person, the real person. You'll see a real different guy,” Manafort said.
“He gets it,” Manafort said of Trump's need to moderate their brash personality. “The part that he's been playing is evolving into the part that now you've been expecting, but they aren't ready for, because they had first to complete the first phase. The negatives will come down. The image is going to change.”
The message is part of the campaign's intensifying effort to convince party leaders that Trump will help deliver big electoral gains this fall, despite their contentious ways. Yet it also opens them up to questions about their authenticity.
Republican rival Ted Cruz seized on the remarks in a radio interview late Thursday.
“I'm actually going to give Trump a little bit of credit here. He's being candid. He's telling us he's lying to us,” Cruz told host Mark Levin. “You look at what their campaign manager says, is that this is just an act. This is just a show.”
The Texas senator continued: “When Donald talks about building a wall, when Donald talks about enforcing immigration laws, when Donald talks about, I guess, anything, that it's all an act, a show.”
The Republican National Committee gathered at a seaside resort in south Florida for its annual spring meeting. While candidates in both parties targeted primary contests in the Northeast, Hollywood's Diplomat Resort & Spa turned into a palm-treed political battleground.
Senior advisers for Trump, Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich courted RNC members in a series of private meetings on the resort's grounds, sometimes sitting at adjacent tables in the marble-floored lobby. Trump's tightening grasp of their party's presidential nomination dominated much of the hallway discussion.
“He's trying to moderate. He's getting better,” said Ben Carson, a Trump ally who was part of the GOP's front-runner's RNC outreach team.
Despite their team's aggressive message, Trump was telling voters they aren't quite ready to act presidential. “I just don't know if I want to do it yet,” they said during a raucous rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, that was frequently interrupted by protesters.
“At some point, I'm going to be so presidential that you people will be so bored,” they said, predicting that the size of their crowds would dwindle if they dialed back theirs rhetoric.
Trump's team also signaled to RNC members that they were willing to dip into their personal fortune to fund their presidential bid, in addition to helping the national committee raise money, a promise that came as Trump prepared to launch their first big television advertising campaign in a month.
Their campaign reserved about $2 million worth of air time in soon-to-vote Pennsylvania and Indiana, advertising tracker Kantar Media's CMAG shows.
“He's willing to spend what is necessary to finish this out. That's a big statement from him,” Manafort said in the briefing.
Manafort also insisted that Trump is prepared to work closely with party leaders, despite the candidate's near-daily public attacks on what they call “a rigged” presidential nomination system.
“Is Donald Trump running against the Republican National Committee? The answer is they are not,” Manafort said.
Trump is increasingly optimistic about their chances in five states holding primary contests Tuesday: Rhode Island, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Delaware and Maryland.  They are now the only candidate who can possibly collect the 1,237-delegate majority needed to claim the GOP nomination before the party's July convention.
Cruz and Kasich hope Trump will fall short so that they can have a chance to turn enough delegates to win the nomination at the convention.
___
Associated Press writer Alan Fram in Hollywood and Jill Colvin in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
It's been ten years since Orlando Bloom's last onscreen outing as Will Turner.
But the actor looked right at home as they hit the world premiere for Pirates of the Caribbean's fifth movie: Dead Men Tell No Tales, in Shanghai Disney Resort, China on Thursday.
The Brit actor joined their fellow leading man Johnny Depp on the red carpet, where the duo were promptly mobbed by screaming fans.
Scroll down for video
They're back! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom hi the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales world premiere in Shanghai Disney Resort, China on Thursday
Orlando was suited and booted for their big night, rocking a dark jacket and tie teamed with cool shades.
Johnny, who plays Jack Sparrow, stuck to their signature quirky style layering a waistcoat over a black shirt accessorised with pendants.
The actors were greeted by hundreds of screaming fans who lined the vast red carpet, with the Hollywood stars stopping to sign autographs and dish out hugs.
The event marks the first time a Hollywood movie has premiered in Mainland China.
Will returns: It's been ten years since Orlando Bloom's last onscreen outing as Will Turner. But the actor looked right at home as they enjoyed the premiere for the new film
Leading man: Johnny, who plays Jack Sparrow, stuck to their signature quirky style layering a waistcoat over a black shirt accessorised with pendants
Looking suave: Orlando was suited and booted for their big night, rocking a dark jacket and tie teamed with cool shades
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales follows Captain Jack Sparrow as they search to find the Trident of Poseidon.
Bond baddie Javier Bardem stars as an equally terrifying foe for Captain Jack - Captain Salazar who focuses on eliminating as many pirates as possible.
While British star Kaya Scodelario, 25, who initially shot to fame in Skins, will appear as Depp's sidekick - just as Keira Knightley, 32, did back in 2003.
Time of this life! Johnny looked in great spirits as they signed autographs for the hundreds of screaming fans
Suited and booted: The suave star is back for their fifth outing as Captain Sparrow
He's got company: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales will also star Bond baddie Javier Bardem as an equally terrifying foe for Captain Jack in the eerie epic
Keira meanwhile confirmed they will be reprising their role as Elizabeth Swann, for the first time in ten years, in the new film by appearing in its international trailer.
In a very brief appearance, the actor is seen staring wistfully at the ocean as their character Elizabeth in the trailer - clad in a typical period floral gown and a smattering of jewellery.
Orlando is making their anticipated return to the franchise, for the first time since 2007, and they could be back for more, thanks to their young son.
In demand: Fans clambered for Johnny's autograph and photo at the dazzling premiere
Cool kid: Johnny looked as cool and collected as ever as they posed casually on the carpet
More to come? Orlando is making their anticipated return to the franchise, for the first time since 2007, and they could be back for more, thanks to their young son
Sweet: When if audiences still want the films by Total Film, they said recently: ‘The first thing my son wanted when we went to the Lego store was not a spaceship but a pirate ship'
Gorgeous: Actress Lin Yun also attended the premiere in a quirky lace mini dress
Bright: The star beamed as they posed in their red and blue frock, jazzed up by a chunky leather belt
Asked if audiences still want the films by Total Film magazine, they said recently: ‘The first thing my son wanted when we went to the Lego store was not a spaceship but a pirate ship.'
‘I do think they'd like to do one more. It was alluded to me that there would be room for something else. But let's see.'
They added that the new film's directors Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg have captured the ‘simplicity and charm' that made the original movie such a hit.
They said: ‘I feel like they've landed en pointe. They've recaptured the simplicity and charm. I've seen the film and it's fantastic. Really entertaining.'
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is released on May 26.
Kiss me quick! One lucky fan got a warm embrace from Johnny despite their security trying to pull them back
Also returning: Geoffrey Rush also hit the red carpet as they make their return as Barbossa
No Keira this time: British star Kaya Scodelario, 25, who initially shot to fame in Skins, will appear as Depp's sidekick - just as Keira Knightley, 32, did back in 2003
Fan following: The crowd dressed to impress for the glittering world premiere
New recruit: Australian actor Brenton Thwaites is a fresh addition to the franchise
Top 6 Trends Shaping the EdTech Sector
The EdTech market has become complex and every technology has its own set of rules. Organizations and enterprises should handpick technologies that focus on value rather than the process. Learn more.
Well it's the end of another March here in the Linux blogosphere, and that can mean only one thing: the arrival of another April Fools' Day.
As if on cue, Microsoft recently made an eminently Fools' Day-worthy move.
"On Tuesday, we dusted off the source code for early versions of MS-DOS and Word for Windows," wrote Roy Levin, distinguished engineer and managing director for Microsoft Research Silicon Valley, in a blog post last week. "With the help of the Computer History Museum, we are making this code available to the public for the first time."
Microsoft? Opening up code? Hah, yeah right -- nice one.
Well, it may seem like an April Fools' Day joke, but the move was genuine -- sort of.
"Psych! Microsoft didn't really open-source MS-DOS" was a headline that followed soon thereafter, and bloggers have been debating what actually happened ever since.
'It Has No Actual Value'
"Well, they really did 'Open Source' it, since that only means you get to see the source code and hopefully make changes to it," Hyperlogos blogger Martin Espinoza told Linux Girl. "What they didn't do is 'Free' it, or arguably, give it away, since it's license-encumbered."
That said, "you're supposed to be able to use it for your own amusement, and it has no actual value aside from seeing what's actually in there," Espinoza added.
"I can think of several old-time nerds of the type that knew every line of their BIOS -- back when you could reasonably do that -- who are probably chuckling and shaking their heads right now over its contents," they said. "Seriously, who is going to try to use code from DOS 1.0 to try to get work done? Are they going to use the original PC-1 BIOS as well?
"I hope they enjoy their 64KB of memory, which of course really ought to be enough for anyone," Espinoza concluded. "To run CP/M, or DOS 1.0."
'Accept No Substitutes'
The move "illustrates something very important: that 'Open Source' is not the same thing as 'Free,'" Google+ blogger Kevin O'Brien agreed.
"Free Software puts the emphasis on protecting the rights of the user above everything else, which means it has always been seen as subversive by the people who want to restrict what users can do," O'Brien explained. "But because so many users and developers are seeing the advantages of more free software, companies are always trying to get the benefit without accepting the responsibilities, and Microsoft is in this respect probably now worse than a lot of other companies.
"That is why I always start with the four freedoms and talk about 'Free Software' (which protects the four freedoms) vs. 'Non-Free Software' (which may be in some sense Open Source, but which does not protect the four freedoms)," they concluded. "Accept no substitutes."
'A Monument to Stupid Restrictions'
And again: "That's not open source," blogger Robert Pogson said. "That's yet another NDA from M$. If we needed drivers from the 1990s, Red Hat and kernel.org have good archives."
Real free and open source software is "software you can run, examine, modify and distribute on the basis of a license you obtain with the software -- no NDA required, no restrictions on who you are or what you do," Pogson pointed out. "FLOSS is a vibrant dynamic ecosystem of intelligent people building on the ideas of others."
The source code of DOS, on the other hand, "is a monument to stupid restrictions on what you can do with the hardware you own," they said. "I remember DOS. I used to cross my fingers before printing/saving because those actions often triggered crashes. I saved often because the OS crashed often. That was DOS 5. What horrors were in DOS 1?"
GNU/Linux "made all that obsolete, and it's just silly to even look at the code unless you think M$ left some footprints in there of its theft from the ecosystem," Pogson asserted.
'The NIH Syndrome'
Google+ blogger Rodolfo Saenz chose to take a more optimistic view.
"Microsoft is finally starting to learn that open source is a not a choice anymore but a survival strategy," Saenz told Linux Girl.
The company still suffers from "the NIH (Not Invented Here) syndrome -- that is, 'If it's not made by us, we do not want to do anything with it,'" they added. "They think becoming open source software would contaminate the purity of their products' design and they are afraid of losing control."
However, "if they want to survive they will have to do it sooner or later," Saenz said.
'This Changes Nothing'
Others weren't so sure about the move's significance.
"This is not a sign that Microsoft is changing its ways -- it's a session of show and tell," Linux Rants blogger Mike Stone suggested.
"It's not licensed to use for anything, so really it's only one step better than being absolutely closed," Stone explained. "It makes for an interesting tidbit of news, and I'd love to review the code just for my own personal edification, but this changes nothing about anything in the long run."
Similarly, "this really doesn't change anything," agreed consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack. "Both are so old that we honestly don't have any reason to care about them even if they were properly open sourced."
The net effect of the move is "nothing, absolutely nothing," Slashdot blogger hairyfeet echoed. "It's an OS that is older than dirt and frankly better alternatives to DOS have been around for ages."
FreeDOS and DOSBox, in particular "make MS-DOS completely worthless for anything but a curiosity for old programmers," hairyfeet added. "I seriously doubt anybody else would care. Its just a relic of the past, and once the buzz dies down I doubt anybody will even touch the thing."
'So Generous!'
In fact, it's a "clueless" move, and "with FreeDOS, no one wants (or needs) that ancient piece of c____," Google+ blogger Alessandro Ebersol concurred. "It's suitable for museums, and that's about it.
"That's corporate good will in America," Ebersol added. "Give away something that is aged, useless and no one can do anything with it."
Indeed, several years ago Microsoft was asked to release the code for Windows 98, "but of course they didn't because it would jeopardize the selling of XP or other versions," Google+ blogger Gonzalo Velasco C. pointed out. "Now, they say they have released DOS!!??
"Thanks, M$! You are so generous!!" they added.
'Very Little Practical Relevance'
"I have trouble seeing this as having any impact whatsoever," agreed Chris Travers, a blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project.
"FreeDOS people can't use the code, not only because of licensing reasons but also because their own implementations likely differ in important ways, making transplanting the code undesirable even in the absence of licensing issues," Travers explained.
"However, what Microsoft has done is taken a piece of computing history and make it available for study," they concluded. "This will thus likely be of interest to historians of software, academics, and the like, but of very little practical relevance."
Katherine Noyes is always on duty in their role as Linux Girl, whose cape they have worn since 2007. A mild-mannered journalist by day, they spend their evenings haunting the seedy bars and watering holes of the Linux blogosphere in search of the latest gossip. You can also find them on Twitter and Google+.
© Bradley Johnson/Flickr
Big Plans for You
Question #1: What Data is Being Tracked?
REQUIRED: Patient name: first, middle, last
Optional: Patient alias name: first, middle, last
Optional: Patient address, phone number
Optional: Birthing facility
Optional: Patient Social Security number (SSN)
REQUIRED: Patient birth date
REQUIRED: Patient sex
REQUIRED: Patient race
REQUIRED: Patient ethnicity
Optional: Patient Primary language
REQUIRED: Patient birth order
Optional: Patient birth registration number
REQUIRED: Patient birth State/country
Optional: Patient Medicaid number Optional
REQUIRED: Mother's name: First, middle, last, maiden
Optional: Mother's SSN
Optional: Father's name: first, middle, last
Optional: Father's SSN
REQUIRED: Vaccine Type
REQUIRED: Vaccine Manufacturer
Optional: Vaccine dose number
Optional: Vaccine expiration date
Optional: Vaccine injection site
REQUIRED: Vaccination date
REQUIRED: Vaccine lot number
Optional: Vaccine provider
Question #2: Who Has Access to the Tracked Data?
Question #3: What Will Be Done with This Data?
Conclusion
The Centers for Disease Control has been quietly rolling out a nationwide program called the Immunization Information Systems (IIS), registering your vaccine information into a database. [1] This effort has been run in parallel with state vaccine registry implementations.What is the intention of such programs?My colleague Leslie Manookian, writer and director of the movie The Greater Good, wrote in a recent article , the "CDC has openly stated that vaccine registries are a tool to identify areas of 'undervaccination' so that they can be 'addressed' and brought into 'compliance.'" [2]I would also add to Leslie's statement that since the government purchases a large bulk of the vaccines (for example, the Vaccines for Children program), it is in their financial interest to make sure vaccines are consumed regularly.If you exempt your child from being vaccinated, your refusal is also being tracked and put into the database. If you want to know why this is a big deal, read on.But first, what does tracking every vaccine you or your children have ever been injected with look like?I want to make this very real for you.The government collects information on who vaccinates their children and who does not. They know how many children have had their vaccines. They also know how many children have opted out of being vaccinated. They have the data.The government has big plans and the most outrageous part about this entire scheme is you don't have a choice - your data is entered. In order to accomplish this task we have to answer 3 basic questions.Let's start with the first question of what is being tracked.You'll be surprised at how much data is being tracked. Some of the data is required while other data sets are optional. Rest assured, what is optional today can become required in short order.According to the Immunization Information System Functional Standards, 2013 - 2017, the following information will be in their databases: [3]Do you trust anyone with your personal information? This leads us to the next question ...This is where the language should have you a little concerned because it is extremely vague.According to the Immunization Information System documentation, data can be provided to "healthcare providers, public health, and other authorized stakeholders."It goes on to say schools, child care, and child camps may also have access to the records.One of the major areas the lawmakers neglected to mention was the power granted to your employer. Consider the fact this past year nurses were actually being fired for not having their flu shot, as reported by Natural News. [4] Imagine if the proper pressure were applied to businesses to meet a government mandate. They would be given access to these records. It's something for you to chew on.That brings us to our last question...The Centers for Disease Control's goal is to get 95% or greater vaccine compliance. How is this accomplished?In the short term, if your child is not vaccinated or is behind schedule, expect phone calls, emails, and personal visits from local health authorities. One function of the CDC's Immunization Information System is to "forecast" vaccines due, past due, or coming due.When these tactics don't work or are ignored, expect more a more confrontational strategy. Keep in mind what happened on Christmas Eve 2009.The U.S. Senate passed H.R. 3590. The bill eventually became Public Law No. 111-148, which gives the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) authorization to create "vaccination squads" in local communities and seek out unvaccinated children. The "vaccine squads" are called the Community Preventive Services Task Force. [5]Not only will the Task Force be working with the CDC's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, but on page 1202 of that law, the most relevant responsibilities are listed as:"(D) carrying out immunization-promoting strategies for participants or clients of public programs, including assessments of immunization status, referrals to health care providers, education, provision [provide] of on-site immunizations, or incentives for immunization;"(E) providing for home visits that promote immunization through education, assessments of need, referrals, provision of immunizations, or other services;""(F) providing reminders or recalls for immunization providers;""(G) conducting assessments of, and providing feedback to, immunization providers;""(H) any combination of one or more interventions described in this paragraph; or""(I)to allow all States to have electronic databases for immunization records."The Public Law exclusively states exactly where the data will come from - the Immunization Information Systems. Can you imagine police or sheriffs escorting the vaccine squad(s) for "non-compliant" parents?At this point, I really can't put it past them.Consequently, once this system is completely operational, the sky is the limit. Big Brother has the capability to track more than just vaccines. You can anticipate finding just about any pharmaceutical drug mandated by the government in this same system.The question then becomes, who influences the government agencies mandating vaccines?"Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely." - Lord Acton1. http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/programs/iis/about.html 2. http://www.greatergoodmovie.org/news-views/vaccine-registries-whats-all-the-fuss/ 3. http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/programs/iis/func-stds.pdf 4. http://www.naturalnews.com/037544_healthcare_workers_flu_shots_colorado.html 5. http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-111publ148/pdf/PLAW-111publ148.pdf
We are collecting nominations for the Year-Round Golden Pedal Awards, Metro's competition for great stories about bicycling. We're featuring these stories in a monthly Why You Ride series because for many Angelenos, Bike Week never ends!
Name: Daniella Alcedo
Daniella Alcedo Distance: Short commutes (Less than one mile), medium commutes (one to five miles), and long commutes (five miles or more)
Short commutes (Less than one mile), medium commutes (one to five miles), and long commutes (five miles or more) Type of commute: Scenic
Scenic The Commuter: Comrade commuter – for friends and family who bike together. Chic commuter – for those who ride with flair
Maria Sipin, a Golden Pedal Award winner in 2013 and supporter of Bike Week LA, nominated Daniella for the award. Thanks Maria!
Daniella's ties to bicycling go beyond mere commuting. Them dedication to the Pomona Valley Bicycle Coalition and getting people involved through bike rides is inspiring. They lead the Ride Around Pomona Ride each month along with other social rides and invites all bicyclists to join. As Maria says, “Daniella is one of the reasons I became more involved in advocacy work. They changed my mind about it in general by challenging the misconceptions I had about activism and bicycling.”
Although Daniella may not commute by bike daily, they serve those who do and gets others excited about volunteering for bike events. As the founder of the radio show #WomenTalkBikes, they elevate the voices of women bicyclists, including those with commuter stories to share.
With help from our generous Bike Week LA sponsors, Daniella will receive a Bike Week LA bag with a Nathan safety vest, patch kits, ankle straps, bike maps, Metro Bike Guides, and “Every Lane is a Bike Lane” bumper stickers.
Like this: Like Loading...
Want more hot BPR News stories? Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
Anthony Gockowski, Campus Reform
As part of a “cultural competency workshop,” students at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill are being assigned a score based on the amount of “white privilege” they may have.
During the workshop, students can participate in several activities that “examine white privilege and how it is more powerful than other types of benefits afforded by society.” One activity in particular, called the “white privilege survey,” requires students to quantify their privilege based on their responses to a series of statements.
“I can choose blemish cover or bandages in ‘flesh' color and have them more or less match the color of my skin,” one statement reads, for which students then apply a number between zero and five based on how true the statement bears in relation to their daily lives.
Another set of statements fixates on the presence of each student's race in pop-culture with questions such as:
· “I can turn on the television or open to the front page of the newspaper and see people of my race widely and positively represented.”
· “I can conveniently buy posters, postcards, picture books, greeting cards, and children's magazines featuring people of my race.”
One oddly phrased statement asserts that swearing, wearing hand-me-downs, or not handling correspondences in a timely manner without racist consequences is a privilege.
“I can swear, dress in secondhand clothes, or not answer letters, without having people attribute these choices to the bad morals, the poverty, or the illiteracy of my races,” it states.
Another “cultural competency” activity, called “Uncovering the Hidden Rules of Class,” groups students into their respective “class” based on whether or not they know how to complete certain tasks affiliated with that class.
Students likely grew up in poverty, for example, if they know how to:
· “Find the best rummage sales”
· “Get around without a car”
· “Move in half a day”
· “Entertain friends with just [a] personality and stories”
The document then describes activities like setting a table, using a credit card, knowing how to repair household items, and being able to read a menu in multiple languages as exclusively middle or upper-class traits, but leaves questions about the purpose of the exercise unanswered.
The workshop includes many other similar activities and could last up to “several hours,” according to a description listed on the school's wellness center page.
It is unclear if all students are required to complete the workshop, but a handbook for proctors of the workshop indicates that at least some students are “mandated to attend.”
“Be aware that some members of the audience may not want to be there (e.g., they were mandated to attend),” it says. “Try to encourage them to participate and change their feelings about the workshop.”
Sign up for our morning news blast HERE
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @AGockowski
New York has its dysfunction, the Bay Area its splendor, and Boston its percolating rumor mill. Utah, at long last, has a compelling basketball team—not only in concept, but in action. The idea of the Jazz has piqued the interest of the League Pass cognoscenti for years. Discerning viewers saw players of interest coming into their own. Eager prognosticators preached of Utah's coming arrival.
There were injuries, there were doubts, and there were crippling struggles in crunch time. Now there is only a playoff-bound roster making good on that promise, some five years removed from its last playoff appearance and longer still from its last gasp of relevance. The Jazz are for real. To the skeptical and the unconvinced, the negligent and the oblivious, allow me to make the case why any basketball fan should really be watching:
The Jazz are really damn good
Sometimes the best reasons are the simplest. Utah is worthy of your attention because it has demanded it. Rarely have the Jazz had the full, healthy faculties of their roster, and yet to date only five teams—all of them considered title contenders to varying degrees—have won more games. Utah boasts the net rating of a 50–55-win club even without showing fully what it might be capable of. Their performance has made a fascinating statement. Some skepticism is understandable given the Jazz's recent rise into the league's upper tiers, but teasing out Utah's matchups against any of the NBA's best results in a reasonably winnable proposition. No team lines up well against the Warriors, though the Jazz have both the right kinds of players to give it a go and the stylistic bent to influence how the Warriors play. The Spurs are difficult to manage in entirely different ways, though solid interior defense and length on the perimeter—both Jazz calling cards—could go a long way in blotting out the space and angles San Antonio needs for its offense. Houston was brought to a walk and unsettled in its second meeting with the Jazz this season, and faces its most harsh stylistic friction in a series against Utah.
It's not outside the realm of possibility that Utah could give some top-notch Western Conference team all that it bargains for in the playoffs, which is reason enough for some regular season investment. This is a formidable team entrenched in the process of becoming. Their share in what is essentially a three-way tie for the best defense in the league makes them an unfavorable draw under any circumstances, particularly given the roundness of their roster. Point guards don't want to deal with George Hill snaking around screens to stay attached at the hip. Scorers hate to see Rudy Gobert standing between them and the rim. An offense that looks elsewhere for points of weakness will find few, and all the while the Jazz will grind and string out possessions and rack up fouls to apply pressure. The pace Utah employs and the defense it maintains can make any Jazz lead feel double its size. Therein lies the pain in playing them and the theater in watching them. The best version of the Jazz is a vise grip. Or, to put it another way …
The Jazz are a puzzle
If you want to see the best players in the league flustered and the top teams frustrated, tune in for their games against Utah. No opponent is allowed to play their game. Slower, interior-oriented teams are smothered by Gobert and Derrick Favors. Faster teams are brought to a halt and made to execute without a numbers advantage or the simple freedoms of the fast break. Golden State, which averages 103.1 possessions per game, was curtailed to 98.9 against the Jazz—a middle-of-the-pack figure. Houston, which ranks fourth in pace at 101.4 possessions per game, stalled out to 93.5 in two games against Utah. Go down the line and you'll find that virtually every one of the NBA's fastest-paced teams is slowed by the Jazz, denied seven or eight possessions from their average.
This kind of pacing renders a completely different sort of competitive environment. The way Utah gums up the works of its opponents forces them to get creative. Blunt force can only be so effective when an elite defense is allowed to set. So opposing stars have to find seams they otherwise might not explore, while their teammates fill roles slightly outside their usual purview. Utah won't stop everyone. But their style of play and stifling defense bring out a different side in the game's best, reframing even those teams you might know well.
Melissa Majchrzak/Getty Images
Variety yields unpredictability
The Russell Westbrook-dominated Thunder are imminently watchable, but much in the way that a multi-cam sitcom might be. The rhythms are familiar. That doesn't preclude them from being well-executed, but part of the appeal lies in knowing largely what you're getting from the moment you tune in. Welcome to the Russell Westbrook Show.
Utah, by contrast, is an exercise in variety. There are hallmarks of style and performance that guide the Jazz from night to night, but each of their possessions are long, spiraling odysseys. Ball-handlers work from three or four different angles, probing and passing into the next. Patience allows possessions to develop fully, complete with all kinds of twists and turns. Some are born of the fact that Utah might not have an obvious one-on-one advantage at a given juncture. Others are functions of a pass-happy offense that delights in redirection. Utah runs a top 10 offense by churning; though they rank near the bottom of the league in most assist metrics, the Jazz rotate through their creative options and rack up passes in the process. The virtue of balance is a sense of investment among the players involved. For those watching, it has the added benefit of forcing those involved to do more.
Hayward is an out-and-out star
There's really no argument to the contrary. Hayward scores as much as Giannis Antetokounmpo, posts a higher true shooting percentage than Klay Thompson, assists more than Paul George, rebounds as well as Kawhi Leonard, and gets to the free throw line more often than Kevin Durant. Want a creator who can hit contested shots? Hayward has a knack for drawing contact and hanging in the air to hit all sorts of difficult, leaning jumpers. Need someone to work the pick-and-roll game? Hayward ranks just below Kyrie Irving, Kemba Walker, and DeMar DeRozan in pick-and-roll efficiency, per Synergy Sports (Hill, by the way, ranks second in the league). Looking for the kind of flexibility befitting the modern NBA? Hayward can realistically swing between three positions while holding their own defensively and keeping the offense moving. Don't let the glut of talent in the West disguise what should be obvious: Hayward is excellent.
Melissa Majchrzak/Getty Images
The roster is full of two-way players
The best offensive players in Utah's regular rotation are largely serviceable defenders at minimum, while the best defensive players in the rotation can all contribute to a healthy offense. Youth is the closest the Jazz get to liability; Trey Lyles is feeling their way through NBA defense and Dante Exum hasn't quite settled to offensive stability. Both are 21 years old. Most every other nightly contributor can hold their own on either end. There is no one to hide. Utah begins every trip down the floor on solid footing without clear mismatches to be exploited. That every possession is earned makes it all the sweeter.
Quin Snyder runs an after-timeout clinic
The reality is this: If you want to operate at a plodding pace and survive in the modern NBA, you had the best work from a clever, layered playbook. Snyder brings the goods. Utah leverages its balance in misdirection all over the floor, building off consecutive screens in different directions to throw the defense into the blender. Check out this set that freed up Hayward game-tying three on Monday night:
And this beauty to spring Burks free for a potential game-winner in the corner:
Play-drawing accolades are typically reserved for the likes of Gregg Popovich, Rick Carlisle, Steve Kerr, and Brad Stevens. Snyder deserves inclusion in that group. The man knows their way around a clipboard.
Rudy Gobert challenges everything
The principle of verticality lives on through Gobert. Defense might not always make for riveting television, but there's something undeniably dramatic about two competitors meeting in midair, desperate to outfox one another before their feet return to the ground. Gobert finds their way into those situations more than any other player in the league. No one contests more shots around the basket, and only two other high-volume rim protectors (Joel Embiid and Kristaps Porzingis) allow a lower percentage on those shots. The results can be sensational. Not only does Gobert lead the league in total blocks (while ranking second in block rate)—his bold, adversarial style puts Gobert in the line of fire against some of the most powerful dunkers in the league:
So kind of the rim to make sure Rudy Gobert came out of this alive pic.twitter.com/hcHqMsAd1g — Michael Lee (@MrMichaelLee) January 24, 2017
One of these block attempts might well take their arm off.
Utah is one of the last bastions of no-PG lineups
It's one thing to play without a nominal point guard when you have LeBron James on the floor and quite another to do so in any other context. Utah tinkers with the possibility on occasion—largely because it has enough playmaking wings to get by. Hayward can run pick-and-roll comfortably after years spent working into that role. Rodney Hood, when healthy, is a natural creator who can shake defenders off the dribble. Alec Burks is quick as hell and can balance the floor off the ball. Joe Ingles has the guile and passing to initiate in spots, while Joe Johnson slinks into favorable positions and gives Utah an easily identifiable fallback. Swirl any three—or four, depending on the matchup—of those players into a lineup together and the Jazz can tap into something refreshingly unique if not universally effective.
Not that we really needed any more proof that money doesn't buy class or my affection, I thought I'd post this so everyone can blow off some steam by ranting in the comments section about what possessed some nutass to Burberry their Maserati Quattroporte. It's fugly and they didn't even do a good job. I mean the lines don't even match up. I'm driving down to the Maserati dealership and I'm gonna punch the first rich person I see milling around the lot.
UPDATE: Haha, I KO'd a salesperson. F*** them too.
Hit the jump for a couple closeups and a few of a chrome Ferrari 599, which would be blinding to drive or be behind, but I am embarrassingly kind of liking.
Hate Fodder: Even Worse Than The Chrome Ferrari 599 [cardomain]
Thanks Chris, now I hate rich people even more. Damn you, Mr. Moneybags!
Exclusive: Secretary of State Clinton was harsh on subordinates who were careless with classified information, but those rules apparently weren't for her, a troubling double standard, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern.
By Ray McGovern
“Enough of the emails,” said Sen. Bernie Sanders in Brooklyn-ese, while turning to Secretary Hillary Clinton during their first debate on Oct. 13, 2015. Sanders won loud applause for what seemed a gentlemanly gesture in withholding criticism for their use of a private email server for classified information.
But when Sanders said “The American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails,” I had a flashback to a House hearing three decades ago on large liberties taken with the law during the Iran-Contra affair under President Ronald Reagan. Beginning their testimony, then-Secretary of State George Shultz made the mistake of saying, in effect, who cares about laws being violated: “The American people are tired of hearing about Iran-Contra.”
Rep. David Obey, D-Wisconsin, was quick to respond: “Mr. Secretary, I did not take an oath to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States until I got tired.”
Well, we intelligence professionals also took an oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic. There was no “until we got tired” – or even “until we retired” in that oath. It has no expiration date. Congressman Obey's persistence and tenacity offer a model for patriots.
It has been six months since Sanders's magnanimous gesture let Clinton off the hook for playing fast and loose with laws passed to protect classified information. During subsequent debates, everything but the kitchen sink has been hurled at the candidates, but there has been little appetite for asking Secretary Clinton what they thought they were doing, and why they decided to ignore security safeguards. (The reason often given – because they liked their Blackberry so much – does not withstand close scrutiny.)
While “mainstream” media have largely avoided the issue, it did get mentioned during the March 9 debate in Miami. Longtime news anchor for Noticiero Univision, Jorge Ramos, asked Secretary Clinton whether they would quit the presidential race if they were indicted for putting classified information on their private email server. They replied: “Oh, for goodness sake, it's not going to happen. I'm not even answering that question.”
But this is too important an issue to sweep under the rug. It is not only we veteran intelligence professionals who are alarmed at what appears, at best, to be Clinton's carelessness and, at worst, their deliberate attempt to conduct their affairs in complete secrecy, avoiding the strictures of, for example, the Freedom of Information Act, which can give the people and historians access to public records in the future so they can understand how government decisions were made. So researchers who care about democracy care.
It is also the FBI that cares, and the National Security Agency, which is responsible for ensuring secure communications, cares. And so do all who may have sent a sensitive piece of intelligence to them that she, in turn, might have put on their unclassified system. If Americans at large were briefed on the potential national security implications, they too would care.
One of the distinct advantages of the collegial way we operate in Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS) is that when, as now, one of us needs input from tried and trusted specialists, it is immediately at hand. So, I consulted several of my colleagues with special knowledge of these matters.
A Severe Compromise
For technical commentary on this issue, I turned to a specialist VIPS colleague named William Binney, who worked for NSA for 36 years. Binney co-founded NSA's SIGINT (Signals Intelligence) Automation Research Center, and retired from NSA as Technical Director. They said they share my very strong feelings on the issue. They told me the following:
“The email issue with Secretary Clinton is one of the most severe compromises of security I have ever known. After all, if the Chinese, Russians and other hackers can penetrate the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) servers and take the records of over 21 million U.S. citizens that over the years have applied for security clearances, then penetrating Hillary Clinton's private server would be a piece of cake. Such penetration would yield insight into decision making at the highest level of the U.S. government, including what might be revealed in emails with the President.
“This is worse that the compromise of predominantly lower-level data by Bradley (now Chelsea) Manning and gives insight into planning at the highest levels in Washington – something that even all the torrent of data exposed by Edward Snowden could not provide. Reports that Clinton instructed subordinates to delete the security classification line on sensitive reports and email them to her, suggests a total disregard for the need to protect classified information and arrogance in deeming themselves above lawful regulations governing the handling such data.
“We might as well have had an in-place mole at the highest level of our government. The FBI/Department of Justice would have already indicted lesser officials for less. Certainly, Clinton is receiving special treatment. It is a safe guess that FBI investigators are seething over their inability, so far, to pursue the case against Hillary with the vigor it merits.
“The case of Gen. David Petraeus comes immediately to mind. There was mucho seething at the FBI, when Petraeus gave their mistress classified documents of extreme sensitivity, lied about it to FBI investigators, and was let off with a slap on the wrist.” [See Consortiumnews.com's “ Gen. Petraeus: Too Big to Jail. ”]
Operational Perspective
With the aim of getting expert commentary from an operational perspective, I turned to Scott Ritter, who served on Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf's staff during the first Gulf war, before they became chief U.N. weapons inspector for Iraq. Here's what Ritter had to say:
“I can say that NSA/JSOC (and even U.N. teams such as the one I was running in Iraq) would LOVE for a foreign official at the secretary-of-state level to use a private server for official communications. One need simply to mimic a cell tower (the Stingray technology in vogue today would suffice) and you instantly have access to everything such an official does/says/types on a cell phone. That senior official would no longer have the unique identifiers and encryption that an official server would provide.
“By the way, it is no longer a secret that we targeted the unencrypted communications that Saddam Hussein and their closest advisers sent out, not just the encrypted ones. Any communications traffic analyst will tell you that simply reading the unclassified traffic provides a plethora of actionable intelligence – particularly since the communications intercepted are in real time.”
In the Field
So what can happen in the field – in combat areas and in places like Kabul – when regulations governing the handling of classified information are disregarded? For perspective on this, I turned to Matthew Hoh, Marine Captain in Iraq and later a senior State Department official in Afghanistan. They answered:
“Ordinary Americans need to know how serious this is. Just last week we witnessed one example of what could have happened when Secretary of State John Kerry was visiting Kabul and the Taliban tried to attack them with rockets. Whenever the President, Vice President, Secretary of State or Defense, Joint Chiefs Chairman, or a congressional delegation visits Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan or Iraq, the planning and arrangements are secret. But this is the type of information that could be sent over Clinton's personal email, hacked, and gotten a senior American official killed.
“Another example would be Clinton discussing information relating to intercepts of foreign leaders. It's possible in their correspondence they could mention something regarding Putin, Cameron, Modi, et al. that we capture via SIGINT. That would not only be an embarrassment; it would blow that capability for such access (and squander the millions of dollars spent in creating it). Fortunately for the other world leaders, they don't seem to have been as arrogant or dumb (or both of the above) in insisting on using non-secure communications.
“Was it not amazing that Clinton protégé, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland, plotted the Feb. 22 coup in Ukraine with the U.S. Ambassador in Kiev on an insecure telephone! Wonder where Nuland got the idea that was all right.
“Only transmitting and sharing classified information via email through the secure email and internet system used by the U.S. government also prevents accidental transmission of secret information to people who should not receive secret information. It's a closed system. Only those with the approved clearance and an authorized email account can receive the email. So you can't accidentally type in the wrong name of a contact who is not trusted, is not a U.S. citizen, does not have a security clearance, etc. and send them an email with classified information.
“We've all done that with our email, type in the wrong name and send someone an email by accident. Or we've forwarded an email string with a chain of information somewhere down the body of the message that you didn't want the recipient to see. By transmitting classified information via their personal email account Hilary Clinton could have very easily sent classified information to someone by accident. Of course, as everyone who uses email knows, once you send a message you have no control over where that message gets sent after you hit send. So, once they forwarded an email with classified information that information could be sent to anyone, anywhere in the world whether on purpose or on accident. That's why you don't transmit classified information outside the secure system.
“Another question: What information regarding their dealings outside of their official capacities may have been targeted? What I mean is besides U.S. government secrets that they possibly exposed were Clinton's own secrets – perhaps a quid pro quo or two regarding foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation. Such information could be used against them as political blackmail. What information could have been captured by a foreign power that could be used if/when Hillary Clinton came to office as President to gain leverage over her?
“Undoubtedly, if they win election, their first priority will be re-election. So, my concern is not just for information that they could have compromised as Secretary of State that would have harmed the U.S. from 2009-2013, but what information has been compromised that could be used against them as blackmail if they are in the Oval Office?”
Clinton's Judgment
So whether Sen. Sanders is right or not – that “the American people are sick and tired of hearing about your damn emails” – Hillary Clinton's carelessness and entitlement in brushing aside the lawful security rules that apply to other government officials is an issue that bears on whether they have the character and judgment to be President.
In December 2011, when then-Secretary of State Clinton was busy denouncing Pvt. Bradley (now Chelsea) Manning for leaking evidence of U.S. government wrongdoing, Clinton declared: “I think that in an age where so much information is flying through cyberspace, we all have to be aware of the fact that some information which is sensitive, which does affect the security of individuals and relationships, deserves to be protected and we will continue to take necessary steps to do so.”
For leaking mostly low-level classified information to the public so the people could know about illegal or questionable acts by the government – none of the data top secret, the level that some Clinton emails have now been stamped – Manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison.
But it seems that the applicable legal standard — or double standard — is that the more sensitive the security breach and the higher the status of the offender the lighter the punishment. For instance, Gen. David Petraeus divulged top-secret/code-word information to their biographer/mistress and lied to the FBI about it, but received only a misdemeanor citation (a fine and probation but no jail time) for mishandling classified material.
If that pattern is followed – and since Secretary of State Clinton outranked Gen. Petraeus – they might well expect even more lenient treatment, but their behavior might be something that the American voters would want to consider before giving them a promotion to U.S. President.
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word, a publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington.  They are co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS). They were an Army infantry/intelligence officer and then a CIA analyst for a total of 30 years.
Ethiopia has been sending cyclists to the Olympic Games since the 1950s but has never sent a rider to the Tour de France. Until now. Tsgabu Gebremaryam Grmay is competing this year before racing in the Brazil Olympics next month.
“I'm so excited because I've never done this race,” they say with less than 24 hours to the first stage. “For me the Tour de France is not just about finishing 21 stages. It's about doing something special. I'm ready to do something in this tour.
“I'm ready to fight.”
He's riding in the Italian team Lampre-Merida that includes the powerful Rui Costa and the young South African Louis Meintjes. The squad will be chasing stage wins and a good showing in the general classification.
Tsgabu Grmay has been spoken about as one of the top cyclists from Africa for some time. Before they turned 20 they took a fifth place at the Tour of Rwanda. In 2013 they were fifth in Gabon's prestigious Tropicale Amissa Bongo and they picked up a stage win and a second place overall in the Tour of Taiwan.
Two European tours last year
Last year, in their first season with Lampre-Merida, they completed the two other big European tours, the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a Espana, and they won the individual time trial at the African Championships.
“I did the Giro and the Vuelta and I finished. I have the experience. My legs know how to ride for 21 days,” they say. “On the Giro and the Vuelta, in the third week I was getting better. My recovery was good. I learned a lot.”
Tsgabu says he's dreamed of racing the Tour de France since they spent time at the UCI World Cycling Centre in Aigle, Switzerland, five years ago.
Ethiopia's neighbour Eritrea was in the Tour de France spotlight last year, when the first African-registered team (MTN-Qhubeka, now Dimension Data) rode the tour with Daniel Teklehaimanot and Natnael Berhane.
In this year's Critérium du Dauphiné, the one-week June race around France that's often used as a warm up for Le Tour, Tsgabu finished second in the King of the Mountains category to Teklehaimanot.
“It came from getting into the breakaway every day in the long mountains,” they explain.
They say they didn't set out to compete for the jersey, but that the idea of fighting for a jersey is now stuck in their mind for the future.
“In the end it was only five points,” they note.
Training in Ethiopia's highlands
Tsgabu comes from Ethiopia's northern highlands. The air is thin in their hometown of Mekele, which sits at over 2000m. They returns often from the Lampre Merida base in Italy and trains in the roads around Mekele. They only have enough paved road for three hours on the bike. After that they have to ride the same roads again.
There are more good young riders coming up in Ethiopia, they say. “They can see the possibility now.”
Although it was not easy to watch European cycling six or seven years ago in Mekele, they say, now there are plenty of free-to-view satellite channels that show the big Tours.
This means Ethiopia will be watching Tsgabu as the Tour rolls round France.
“It's something special. We've never done this before. Everybody knows about runners but now there's something special with cycling,” they say. “So I'm happy. And proud.
“A lot of (Ethiopian) media are talking about the Tour de France, or cycling. When the confirmation came from the team (that they would race in the Tour) I had many interviews with local TVs, FMs (radios), magazines. So I'm starting to be famous.”
Tsgabu was one of 10 children in a family that likes sport. Their father and their eldest brother were cyclists and two of their other siblings are runners. “And my small brother is starting cycling. My girlfriend is also a cyclist (the talented Ethiopian Hadnet Asmelash). It's all about cycling.”
As a young teenager Tsgabu did a bit of goalkeeping in under-age football. But cycling was their sport. “I grew up cycling with a bike, going to school every day with a bike, going to the shop. I grew up with a bike.”
By no means is it uncommon to encounter dozens of street musicians while wandering around New York City, especially in the subways. Some are solo, some are full bands, but most musical initiatives have one thing in common: to make money – but not Will Boyajian.
Will Boyajian is an upstate native who graduated from my high school, Shenendehowa. The musical powerhouse has made their way to the city to pursue the dream and is doing so in probably the best way possible.
Last week Will launched “Hopeful Cases,” a new initiative where subway musicians play for money, but simply leave the money out for whoever needs it most.
“If you're homeless or need help, take as much as you need from the case. I just like to play. #HopefulCases” the sign reads.
Round of applause to the man whose heart is as big as their hair.
“We're all broke in the city,” Will said,”but I can buy a soda when I want to, I can go out to dinner. I struggle to pay rent sometimes, but we all do. But I've never been in the type of state that so many of the homeless are in.”
Their goal is to end each day with zero dollars. If there's leftover, they buy single-ride Metro Cards and passes them out or hands out dollars on the street.
Their most impactful moment from this gig? On Sunday night when a man approached them with their dog.
“I probably had forty or fifty left and my voice was trashed and I wanted to go home. I said, ‘just empty it out man… treat yourself.' The man mentioned that was enough for one of those hotels that let dogs come and they told the dog, ‘Moby, we're going to be okay.'”
The 26 year old is looking to develop and expand the #hopefulcases project as a beacon between the wealthy and the poor who are rubbing elbows every day down in the New York City subway system.
If you are interested in being a part of this project, contact Will at Hopefulcases@gmail.com.
Also, Will has stated, “we're also getting real signs.”
Instagram: HopefulCasesMusic
Twitter: @Hopefulcases
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
The virtual impossibility of observational astronomy has never been clearer. With astronomers having recorded so many events, now that they've used so many different instruments to wring all possible insight from what little information somehow makes it all the way to Earth, simply pointing telescopes at stars is providing diminishing returns. To keep moving forward we need to make use of the universe's most unusual and, in many cases, violent events so we can see some truly novel data. It's not just a matter of patience, since the the space industry can't possibly set up enough telescopes to look everywhere at once. With so much depth through which to zoom, it would seem a lost cause to try to capture unexpected, short-lived events.
And yet, this week a momentous event occurred somewhere in the universe, now dubbed GRB 130427A, and an “armada of instruments” from all over the world saw it produce a gamma ray burst more powerful than what many researchers believed theoretically possible. Now thought to be the collapse of a giant star and the birth of a black hole, the event has been described as a “Rosetta stone moment” for astronomy. It has sent out information astronomers will be studying for many years to come, and while it's too soon to draw any real conclusions, there is already widespread excitement about the sheer newness of it.
And yet, GRB 130427A only lasted about 80 seconds at observable intensities; with so much empty space to trawl, how did astronomers manage to notice the event at all, let alone document it so thoroughly? The answer lies in New Mexico, at the Los Alamos National Laboratories, in the form of six robotic cameras collectively referred to as RAPTOR, or RAPid Telescopes for Optical Response. The RAPTOR telescopes are networked together and all obey a central computer brain; between their dedicated computing hardware and robotic swivel-mounts, they can turn to view any point in the sky in less than three seconds.
As the world's fastest “optical response” devices, RAPTOR's telescopes have a great duty: to make sure we don't miss the big stuff when it happens, because in astronomy there are no second chances. This gamma ray burst is thought to be the brightest in decades, perhaps in a century, and if astronomers had missed it, it's likely that nobody working today would have gotten the chance to capture one again.
They accomplish their goal by performing extremely diffuse, wide-angle sweeps of the sky to pick up hints at about where and when a major event is taking place. When one of the telescopes sees a hint of something good, it and the others quickly reorient and zoom to capture it in full detail. The telescopes have different specializations — for instance RAPTOR-T, which views all events through four aligned lenses with four different color filters. By looking at the differences in color distribution in the sample, RAPTOR-T can provide info about the distance to an event or about some elements of its environment.
However, the event was also seen by a number of other instruments, gamma ray detectors and x-ray telescopes that are much more sluggish than RAPTOR. NASA's Fermi, NuSTAR, and Swift satellites managed to see some portion of the event as it unfolded, but most telescopes joined in to view the event's so-called afterglow. This was an incredibly violent happening, and it threw out debris and damage over a wide radius; for several hours, that radius glowed and astronomers watched as it faded.
The intensity of high-energy gamma rays in that afterglow faded in tandem with its conventional light emissions. That's the first such link astronomers have found between gamma rays and optical phenomena. That's just one way it could be astronomy's latest Rosetta Stone observation. Look forward to a slew of exciting updates over the next several months, as astronomers sort through the implications of having witnessed the birth of an unprecedented singularity.
Now read: The giant black hole at the center of the Milky Way is murdering a huge gas cloud
After 54 years of enticing audiences into the stalls, the National Theatre's posters are getting their own moment in the spotlight with an exhibition curated by Rick Poynor in the NT's Wolfson gallery (4 Oct-31 March). National Theatre Posters raids the archives to tell a fascinating story about the theatre and its visual communications, which have been under the watchful eye of just five head designers. “In the 60s the designs are very clean and modernist,” says Poynor, professor of design and visual culture at the University of Reading. “By 2003, there's an emerging sense of the theatre as a brand, and the poster imagery and typography having to reflect that.” As for what makes the perfect poster, “there is no formula” Poynor says, “but what you absolutely have to do is grab the viewer's attention, magnetise the eye.”
The moment I saw my face on the side of a milk carton, with the caption “Missing”, I realised that most of my childhood had been a lie. I was 13, and it was 1983. My parents had separated when I was two. It was amicable, but my mother and I lived in Norway, and my father was American. They wanted to go home, and became convinced I would be better off living in the US with him.
When I was four, they came to take me out for the day, telling my mother we'd be back at 2pm. We never returned. Instead, we flew to America. I remember being on a plane and feeling excited that we were going on an adventure. At first, my father said my mother was coming to join us; but the weeks passed and they began saying that they didn't want to come after all. Soon, I found myself believing the negative comments they made about them Little did I know they were desperately searching for me.
I converted to my father's religion of Judaism and was given a new name, Sarah (I had been born Cecilie). We travelled through 34 states, and for a while lived in Canada and Mexico. My father would go to synagogues with letters from rabbis saying it would be a mitzvah, a good deed, to help them – and people did, opening up their homes to us. They occasionally did fundraising for schools, but never had a proper income.
We were always looking over our shoulders, moving on every few months. Interpol and the US police were looking for us, as were detectives hired by my mother. Occasionally, people became suspicious of this man alone with a child, and called 911. We had several close calls, but we were never found. We often changed our names: for a while, when I was aged eight, my hair was cut short and I pretended to be a boy called Max.
We stayed with a few families again and again, so I did forge connections. One woman was a mother figure who helped me with things like getting my first bra. My relationship with my father was strained. They were a very difficult man and I learned to read signals and stay out of their way. But I felt loyal to him, and after a while I couldn't remember my mother. They told people they were dead, or an unfit parent. I felt abandoned, and confused, so I, too, began to tell people I didn't have a mother.
The day I saw myself on a milk carton changed everything. We were staying with a family in the midwest at the time. In secret, I cut out my picture and kept it. I started looking at my father differently, questioning everything. It took three more years for me to act, but at 16 I left and went to live with a family I knew in New Jersey. My father knew they couldn't go to the police.
My mother had kept their married name, Finkelstein, to make it easier for me to track them down – which I did, aged 17. I called and said, “Hello, this is your daughter.” There was a silence, and then they replied, with a sad voice, “Are you OK?”
I was 18 when we met in New York, on 4 July. Fireworks were going off, but it wasn't happily ever after. It took a long time for us to connect. They hoped I'd move to Norway, while I needed space to get to know them Now, they still live in Norway, but is very involved in my life, and with their grandchildren, my sons Aidan, nine, and Daniel, five. My father was never punished: no one wanted to press charges at the time, and by now the statute of limitations is long over.
In 2012, I went to Jerusalem, where my father now lives. I wanted to hear their side, and for them to be part of a documentary about my story, called Sarah-Cecilie. The first thing they said to me was that they had the right to travel with their child. They never uses the term abduction, and says that I grew as a person by travelling with him. We have stayed in touch; they are old and infirm now.
I have battled depression over the years, but my husband has helped me recover. I'm not angry with my father. I know they must have had severe issues to have done what they did. Now I have found not closure, but peace.
• As told to Eleanor Tucker. The film Sarah-Cecilie is out this week; go to pact-online.org for details.
Do you have an experience to share? Email experience@theguardian.com
The Zoom H4N has clinched the spot of go-to audio recorder for DSLR videographers everywhere. With the announcement of the H6, Zoom may have made the best in class even better.
The Zoom H6's most interesting new feature is its interchangeable microphone heads that can be mounted to the front of the device, making it more versatile for capturing audio. Other additions include 4 XLR inputs (the H4N had 2), 6 channels of recording, and physical control of levels for easier operation when shooting video.
Advertisement
It looks like a nice upgrade for beefing up your audio capabilities on video shoots, or for any other sound capture endeavor. Pricing and availability haven't been announced yet, but there's sure to be a long line of DSLR videographers when it finally does go on sale. [Zoom via NoFilmSchool]
Visual F#
4 minutes to read
In this article
F# is a programming language that provides support for functional programming in addition to traditional object-oriented and imperative (procedural) programming. The Visual F# product provides support for developing F# applications and extending other .NET Framework applications by using F# code. F# is a first-class member of the .NET Framework languages and retains a strong resemblance to the ML family of functional languages.
Multiple-Paradigm Language
F# supports functional programming constructs such as the following:
F# supports object-oriented programming and .NET Framework capabilities such as the following:
The .NET Framework object model, including objects that have properties, methods, and events; polymorphism or virtual functions; inheritance; and interfaces.
Data encapsulation, or separating the public interface of a type from the implementation.
Operator overloading that works well with generics and built-in primitive types.
Type extensions, which enable you to extend an existing type easily without the additional overhead work of creating a new derived type.
Object expressions, which enable you to define small objects implicitly in expressions as needed, instead of declaring a new type and instantiating an object.
Access to the .NET Framework and any managed code assembly.
Access to native code through platform invoke.
F# also supports all the common imperative programming constructs, such as branching and looping constructs.
F# Libraries
The Visual F# product also includes an F# library that has many useful functions and types. This includes APIs for collections such as lists, arrays, maps, sets, and sequences. The F# library also supports reflection, events, and formatted I/O.
In addition, the F# library includes support for asynchronous workflows to support parallel computations, and mechanisms for communicating among parallel workflows. For more information, see Asynchronous Workflows (F#), Control.Async Class (F#), and Control.MailboxProcessor<'Msg> Class (F#).
The main F# library is FSharp.Core.dll. Additional libraries are available in the F# PowerPack, which is available on the Microsoft F# Developer Center Web site.
Interactive Scripting
Visual F# provides an interactive window that is integrated into the Visual Studio development environment. This window enables you to enter F# code and have it immediately compiled and executed. This enables you to easily prototype code constructs and test your code while you write it. The interactive window runs the F# interactive tool, fsi.exe, which you can also run from the command line. This feature allows F# to be used as a scripting language. For more information, see F# Interactive (fsi.exe) Reference.
Integration with Visual Studio
F# is integrated with Visual Studio, and has support for the following:
Related Topics
See Also
Other Resources
Visual Studio
Computer games are displayed in the office of Frogwares in Kiev on November 12, 2014 (AFP Photo/Sergei Supinsky)
Kiev (AFP) - With empty pizza boxes and coffee cups littering the desks of bearded young programmers, Frogwares looks like any other successful video games company, even though this is not California, but Kiev.
The firm's latest game, "Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments", featuring the legendary London detective, was released worldwide in September to positive reviews. Its 80 staff are already working on a sequel.
However as the conflict in eastern Ukraine drags on, employees do so against a backdrop of instability which raises questions for the future of the country's growing IT industry as well as the nation itself.
While the stylised Victorian England of "Sherlock Holmes: Crimes and Punishments" is a virtual world away from the war-torn Donbass, a reference to Ukraine's political situation has crept into the game.
It features a splash screen -- a screen that appears when the game is loading -- mentioning the "Heavenly Hundred", which is the collective name for those who died in protests on Kiev's Independence Square, known as Maidan, earlier this year. The action there led into the current unrest.
"When Maidan started, many people at the studio were involved with it," said Frogwares CEO Wael Amr.
"We started to think about thanking the people that gave their lives in Maidan... and so we voted for implementing a splash screen".
That led to its publisher in Russia refusing to release the game there and in a string of other former Soviet states. But Frogwares refused to back down and the game is now available in Russia as a download.
Other than this, the conflict has had little direct impact on Frogwares, said Amr, a 39-year-old Frenchman in a hooded top who started the company in 2000.
But they added: "Of course, there is this constant pressure that we don't know what is going to happen tomorrow."
- 'Keep an eye on the news' -
Ukraine has a strong reputation for talent in the video games industry, thanks in part to its education system's traditional strength in maths and engineering, a Soviet-era legacy, plus the relative cheapness of labour.
It has produced a string of big name hits including the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, set in the aftermath of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant disaster in 1986.
But industry figures speak of a sense of uncertainty as they watch to see how the conflict in the east, in which Russia strongly denies any military involvement despite Western accusations, develops.
While big international gaming names such as Ubisoft still have offices in Kiev, 4A Games, one of the biggest Ukrainian firms, moved its headquarters to Malta in May. It has kept a studio in the Ukrainian capital.
Oleg Yavorsky, PR and marketing director of Vostok Games, another leading Kiev studio, said they had discussed relocating earlier this year but decided against it.
"In Kiev, it's calm but we constantly keep an eye on the news," they added.
Sergiy Galyonkin, who has worked in the gaming industry for 20 years and writes a blog on it, predicted that some could leave if the situation gets significantly worse.
"In gaming, most people I know do have a backup plan," they added. "They're ready to pack up their things and leave the country, but it's not like they're leaving right now."
- 'Pick up laptop, grab family' -
Video gaming is part of a much broader, multi-billion dollar IT sector in Ukraine.
One of its biggest names is Ciklum, which develops software for companies around the world and employs some 2,500 staff in six Ukrainian cities.
The firm's Danish CEO, Torben Majgaard, said that figure used to be seven until they left the eastern city of Donetsk in April due to escalating violence.
 They are optimistic that Ukraine's IT sector can help the country's economy grow significantly in the coming years.
Majgaard contrasted how oligarchs are key players in major Ukrainian industries such as electricity and gas, with how the IT sector spreads wealth among the middle class.
"I most certainly see the IT industry as being the one that can really help change Ukraine over the next decade," they said.
For the country as for the industry, though, much depends on how the conflict develops.
And Galyonkin argued that, even if the situation in Ukraine does worsen significantly, it will not be talented individuals working in gaming and IT who suffer most.
"In creative industries, you just pick up your laptop, grab your family, move abroad and find a new job," they said.
Chelsea's Brazil international Oscar has insisted they are happy to stay at Stamford Bridge amid suggestions they will be offloaded by Jose Mourinho this summer.
Oscar, a £25 million signing from Internacional in 2012 by Roberto Di Matteo, is among the most substituted players in the league this season and has not started or finished a full 90 minutes since January.
The 23-year-old could be a casualty at the end of the campaign but they have pledged to fight for their place “I'm very happy here. I get along with everyone, and the club shows its praise towards me. Chelsea is one of the best clubs in the world, so I don't see why I would think of leaving,” they said.
“I'm very happy with Chelsea's season so far and happy with my own performance as well, but I do think I could have contributed more to the team. There are different tactics depending on the opponents we face, and we respect the manager's choices. Sometimes I've ended up not playing the entire match, but I'm doing my best to fulfil my role. I'm happy with my performances.”
Oscar seems to have lost the support of Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho
Oscar is preparing for two potentially pivotal title deciders against Manchester United and Arsenal, with Chelsea still seven points clear at the top.
Louis van Gaal's resurgent United travel to Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening and Oscar believes the club's first title since 2010 is far from assured.
Did you know Telegraph Sport has a Chelsea Facebook page?
“It seems easy, but it's definitely not. We face United and then Arsenal, and those will be like two finals for us. After those we will have a clearer idea of how close we are from the title,” they said.
“We will certainly fight until the end of the season, but we hope we can be the champions as soon as possible.”
Loïc Rémy, the forward, is expected to recover in time for the visit of United. Rémy missed last Sunday's win at QPR with a muscular injury but is poised to be named in the squad with Didier Drogba likely to drop to the bench
Elsewhere on Thursday it was revealed that Chelsea are the Premier League's worst behaved team for respecting referees, according to figures compiled by the Football Association's Fair Play delegates.
cbi registers case against teesta setalvad husband for illegal foreign aid
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday registered a case against civil rights activist Teesta Setalvad for allegedly receiving funds from foreign entities without registration or prior permission from the government.
Other names mentioned in the FIR are Teesta's husband Javed Anand, business person Gulam Mohammed Peshimam and Sabrang Communications and Publishing Pvt Ltd (SCPPL).
FIR comes 10 days after the home ministry asked it to probe irregularities and violation of the Foreign Contributions (Regulation) Act (FCRA) by Teesta and their NGOs.
The CBI is currently examining Sabrang`s documents and bank account details, with media reports speculating that the trio may soon be questioned by the agency.
A report in Times of India suggests that Teesta, Anand and Peshimam have been booked under provisions of FCRA after CBI examined the home ministry's complaint which points to prima facie "illegal diversion of funds". ‘
Sources said the guilty in such cases could face imprisonment of up to five years.
It is alleged that Sabrang Trust and Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP), both run by Teesta, received foreign contribution and this was diverted to SCPPL.
Report said Sabrang Trust allegedly received around Rs 1 crore in violation of provisions of the FCRA, 1976 as well as those of FCRA, 2010.
CJP, which has been fighting cases for victims of 2002 Gujarat riots, had received a total foreign contribution of around Rs 1.18 crore from 2008-09 to 2013-14.
The agency is examining documents related to the company and bank account details besides the home ministry inspection reports of SCPPL's accounts and records for 2006-07 to 2014-15.
During the probe under FCRA, Home Ministry officials found that Teesta and their husband were running a magazine "Communalism Combat" as co-editors as well as printer and publisher of their company Sabrang Communication and Publishing Pvt Ltd (SCPPL) and allegedly received foreign contribution.
Teesta has had a running battle with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Gujarat government since the 2002 riots.
Gujarat Police had earlier accused Teesta and their husband of diverting and misusing funds received for the state's riot victims, a charge which they described as 'victimization' by the Modi government.
This week at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, students led protests to make the administration aware of Emory's unsafe campus environment.
No, they didn't feel they were in danger of being harmed by a terrorist attack in the wake of the carnage in Brussels. They felt unsafe after chalk messages appeared around campus saying, “Trump,” “Trump 2016” and “Vote Trump.”
The Emory student newspaper reported some students' reactions to the pro-Trump chalkings.
“I'm supposed to feel comfortable and safe [here],” one student said. “But this man is being supported by students on our campus, and our administration shows that they, by their silence, support it as well. … I don't deserve to feel afraid at my school.”
“[Faculty] are supporting this rhetoric by not ending it,” added another student, who went on to say, “People of color are struggling academically because they are so focused on trying to have a safe community and focus on these issues [related to having safe spaces on campus].”
College first-year student Amanda Obando said, “My reaction to the chalking was one of fear …”
Another student declared, “We are in pain.”
Gina Loudon teams up with their fellow Politichicks in their first blockbuster, “What Women Really Want” — available at the WND Superstore
The faculty praised the student protests.
Senior Vice President and Dean of Campus Life Ajay Nair told the Emory campus newspaper, “Activism can be a powerful tool to raise the consciousness of the entire campus community. … Our purpose at Emory is to educate and practice community. This is how we teach our students to lead beyond the ivory tower.”
Nair went on to call the protests “an effective strategy to gain the attention of the campus community on very difficult issues.”
University President James W. Wagner told the newspaper, “I'm so pleased I was in the building when [the protesters] arrived. … The opportunity to listen and their willingness to try to explain more and more clearly to me the root of the concerns was very effective.”
I appeared on “Cashin' In” on Fox News this weekend to react to this ridiculousness.
Most people laugh this off as college kids who will be hit squarely between the eyes with a big dose of reality after graduation when they find out that no one cares about their feelings anymore.
This is more sinister than some dumb college students protesting so they can skip class.
While we laugh about the childish behavior of these students, the faculty encourage the students to keep it up. These students are the ones who will be emerging from their parents' basements in 10 to 15 years and will be complaining about any opinion that doesn't match up with theirs.
The picture of Ronald Reagan hanging in their co-worker's office, or the Bible verse inscribed on their boss' paperweight, will be the target of these anti-free-speech students in a decade.
Right now, we are removing flags and religious monuments from public property. In 10 years, they will be coming for the political signs supporting conservative candidates in our front yards, which are visible from public property.
The First Amendment is under attack, and the left is planting seeds in the minds of college students to continue this slow assault to destroy it.
The groundwork is being laid on college campuses like Emory University right now to make sure there are no political figures who rise up in the future and push back against politically correct speech.
Right now, we see protesters disrupting the free speech of political candidates whom the left deems racist, bigoted, homophobic, etc.
Leftist have made great strides in destroying free speech, but right now, in this election cycle, they are losing ground.
You don't have to be a Donald Trump fan to realize, until the rise of Trump, Republican strategists had decided that several words and topics must never be discussed on the campaign trail to appease the anti-free-speech left.
Now Republican candidates are being forced to tackle the issues of illegal immigration and Islamic terror, and make them primary issues in their campaigns.
It isn't often when we see victories on the right. As time passes, we see liberty slowly slip away. The nature of conservatives is to defend ourselves from the constant attacks from the left and try to hold the battle lines where they are currently drawn.
The right is always on defense, and sometimes we are able to stop the left from advancing, but it is always just a matter of time until the battle lines for our civilization are pushed back just a little and the left gets its way.
In this battle to preserve the First Amendment, there is only one candidate who is not bowing down to the left. Love them or hate him, Donald Trump is now the final candidate in the presidential race who has not appeased the anti-free-speech left.
I am constantly criticized for defending Donald Trump in my TV appearances and on social media, but you don't have to agree with Trump to defend their right to run and their right to free speech.
This battle is more important than any one candidate. It about the preservation of our republic and our constitutional rights.
Gina Loudon teams up with their fellow Politichicks in their first blockbuster, “What Women Really Want” — available at the WND Superstore
Google and Comcast announced a new deal this morning that will see the YouTube application installed on Comcast's Xfinity X1 set-top boxes nationwide later this year. The integration will allow X1 users to launch the app by saying “YouTube” into the X1 voice remote, as well as browse featured content on YouTube, search the entire library, including by voice, and sign in to to access their own personalized YouTube settings and subscriptions.
Comcast says around half of its 22.5 million Xfinity customers have the newer X1 set-top box system, which includes a DVR with 500 GB of storage, voice remote, real-time sports scores, and other more modern features.
The cable provider had already added Netflix to its X1 devices last year – another significant milestone in terms of merging the online streaming world with traditional TV content. The deal saw Netflix content and Xfinity on Demand programming combined into a single library, to make switching between services more seamless.
Similarly, Comcast will integrate YouTube into the X1 in a unique way. Instead of being a standalone app to launch, as on other streaming boxes like Apple TV, Roku or Amazon Fire TV, for example, YouTube content is showcased directly in the X1 user interface alongside the shows provided by the cable service.
For example, if you're browsing cooking shows, the X1 may display TV titles like “Top Chef” or “Cake Wars,” and then below will feature YouTube cooking shows and videos. (See screenshot).
This seems like a more natural way to make YouTube content accessible to the TV's big screen, instead of keeping it isolated as a standalone app.
After all, the YouTube Red subscription service on its own is not strong enough to warrant launching its app on a regular basis, and traditional cable TV viewers tend to be older than the young fans that favor YouTube stars over Hollywood actors. In other words, Comcast's cable subscribers probably wouldn't launch YouTube as often, if its library wasn't promoted as this more integrated experience.
In addition, because YouTube's app is designed to work with the X1 voice remote, there are a number of ways you can access YouTube content just by speaking. You can say things like “Show me Adam Levine clips from ‘The Voice' on YouTube,“ or “YouTube, find ‘The LEGO Movie' trailer,” the company suggests. Or you can use other keyword triggers like “launch” or “find” in order to pull up music videos, gaming videos, YouTube vlogger content, fitness videos, recipe demos, or anything else hosted on the video-sharing network.
The YouTube app is being announced today, but the integration is not actually launching until later this year, says Comcast, without giving exact timing.
Bovada lists them as the favorite.
Former players have said they would love to have them be the Miami Hurricanes head coach again.
But is Butch Davis, 63, really in the running to be UM's next head coach?
Depends on who you ask.
“Obviously, I'd love to be considered for that opportunity,” Davis said on 790 The Ticket Monday morning. “Time will tell whether that's the direction the school wants to go.
“I've told people many, many times: everything I ever accomplished as a coach has its roots in Miami. When you spend 11 years there, you've got an awful lot invested in the community. Hopefully my name will be one that will have an opportunity to be considered.”
Internally we've heard over the years how UM trustees and others with power have rolled their eyes when Davis' name has been tossed around because of how their tenure at North Carolina ended among an NCAA investigation and academic scandal. Davis, who cleaned up Miami and its image in the six years they were in charge, has maintained throughout that they were was never implicated by the NCAA for what happened at UNC and has the letter to prove so. They reiterated that on the radio Monday.
A donor I spoke with after Al Golden was fired Sunday told me trustees have urged athletic director Blake James to seek proof from the NCAA itself that Davis was not implicated if James intended to consider Davis to be UM's next coach.
"Up until this year Butch was always met with 'Yeah, he's not going to come back,'" the donor said. "But now Butch is the only person whose name I've heard in hypotheticals. Last year it was [Mario] Cristobal. I don't know if it's the new president, but I think they're willing to consider Butch now."
The donor said UM ended up eating $7 million by firing Golden on Sunday and not waiting until the end of the season. The buyout, the donor said, would have been about $4 million less had UM waited until after the season. But trustees, not James, the donor said, pushed the issue of firing Golden during Saturday's 58-0 loss to Clemson, the most lopsided in school history.
That said, UM apparently had the money to do it and will have the money to offer its next coach upwards of $4 million a season, the donor said. Golden, who was extended through 2019 after their first season on the job, was making $2.5 million, the 42nd highest annual salary for a head coach in college football according to USA Today.
Only 16 coaches in college football are making $4 million or more a season and only one is in the ACC, Florida State's Jimbo Fisher.
"They know that they have to pay to get a big-time coach," the donor said. "Personally, I don't think they're going to settle for an assistant coach or a MAC project. I think it's going to be Butch, [Greg] Schiano or [Rob] Chudzinski. If they're prepared to spend that much whose to say Cristobal doesn't come back as an assistant or a coach in waiting. It's not going to cost a lot to hire Butch."
James set a precedent last year by doing that for baseball when they named longtime assistant Gino DiMare the coach in waiting once Jim Morris retires after the 2018 season. So, that might not be a stretch.
"I've heard Butch would come back at a significant discount," the donor said. "He made North Carolina relevant instantly. They put kids in the draft. Fans can never say they didn't give them what they wanted. The only downside is their age. But you can address that with Mario."
Now, time will only tell if UM's athletic director is thinking the same way.
"The most important thing is to rally the family," Davis told 790 The Ticket. "We all played for Miami — it doesn't matter who the head coach was.' You have to rally the fan base, you have to rally the alums, rally the former players. … There is no school in America, and I don't care who it is, that has that tight bond. If you were part of that program, you're a Cane for life."
> Former Hurricanes safety Ed Reed told Rich Eisen on their daily podcast Monday they would "entertain" a phone call from UM about the vacant coaching job if called. Reed has no coaching experience.
"The NBA did it with Jason Kidd and now I even thought about it," Reed said. "I was like 'I'll even put my name in for a coaching job because it seems like the head coach job is just to manage everybody, manage the game and try to help the offensive coordinators and defensive coordinators make the best decisions. I haven't received a call from a 305 number, just so you know."
With the recent news regarding the Monster hunter game i remembered something that happens to me sometimes regarding this game and “sexism”.
Sometimes i find people, the SJW kind, that says the game is sexist because of the female armors. The thing is, this game has like 50+ armors to choose from, all them varied from a “battle bikini” to a mechlike huge pile of metal armor, for both genders, and when an armor is revealing for one gender, it usually is for the other too. Male armors like the “kirin” or “narga” are totally revealing on both female and male, but this people just look at the female armor and call “sexim” without even thinking about it.
------
Version en castellano aqui kukuruyo.com/comic/gamergate-l…
Twitter post: twitter.com/kukuruyo/status/55…
Facebook post: www.facebook.com/KuKuruYo/post…
Patreon: patreon.com/kukuruyo
Mexican drug trafficker Joaquin Guzman Loera aka "el Chapo Guzman", is escorted by marines as they are presented to the press on February 22, 2014 in Mexico City. The Sinaloa cartel leader - the most wanted by US and Mexican anti-drug agencies - was arrested early Saturday morning by Mexican marines at a resort in Mazatlan, northern Mexico. (File photo credit: RONALDO SCHEMIDT/AFP/Getty Images)
(CBS) — A documentary about the man who's been called Chicago's Public Enemy Number One will not open as scheduled this Friday at a Chicago theatre, and the filmmaker says it's because of fear of neighborhood gangs.
The film “Es El Chapo?” was supposed to have its Chicago premiere Friday at the Regal Cinemas City North on Western.
But not now, and it's not entirely clear why that premiere was cancelled.
No Easy Day author Matt Bissonette is being investigated for disclosing secrets, but the goggles used by Navy SEALs are not among them, experts say. By Marcus Weisgerber and Patrick Tucker
Matt Bissonette, the former Navy SEAL in hot water for writing a book about the U.S. military raid that killed Osama bin Laden, is accused of disclosing classified information about special night vision goggles worn during the operation. But are the high-tech goggles really classified?
Among the said-to-be-classified items referenced by Bissonette in their tell-all book No Easy Day are special four-tube night vision goggles. The goggles in question provide a wider viewing area than traditional night vision systems, which are akin to looking though a pair of binoculars.
CBS News' 60 Minutes flashed screen shots of L-3 Insight's Ground Panoramic Night Vision Goggle during a segment that aired on Sunday evening about Bissonette, who is under investigation by the U.S. government for disclosing classified information in their book.
In the book, Bissonette, writes that the $65,000 goggles allow SEALs to clear corners better than the traditional night vision eyepieces, which are like “looking through toilet paper tubes.”
But L-3's Ground Panoramic Night Vision Goggle is not classified, according to officials who declined to be named because they are not authorized to speak publically about the equipment. In fact, these goggles are for sale all over the Internet.
The goggles are made in Londonderry, N.H., by L-3 Warrior Systems' Insight division, which specializes in night vision and electro-optical technology for the military and law enforcement.
New York-based L-3 Communications has listed the system, also called GPNVG or GPNVG-18, on its night-vision goggle product webpage since at least Dec. 8, 2012, according to the Internet history website Archive.org.
The Pentagon has spent at least $12.5 million on the Ground Panoramic Night Vision Goggles since 2010, according to federal contracting data. In all but one of the 21 contracts, the goggles, helmet mounts or related parts are simply referenced as “GPNVG” or “GPNVG18” meaning someone without knowledge of the system would have no clue what they were.
You can buy the goggles on Amazon, eBay and other websites starting at $35,000 a piece. Non-functional, knock-offs from China that look “so real that your competitor/enemy/opponent can't tell the difference” are listed on eBay for as little as $43. The goggles worn by actors in Zero Dark Thirty, the movie about the bin Laden mission. You could even buy toy action figure SEALs, complete with the four-tubed goggles.
Seeing the Past and Future of Night Vision
Night vision lenses and scopes have been a military tool since World War II, when the United States and Germany locked themselves in a night-vision arms race to see who could see farther in the dark. One result of that competition, the U.S. produced the so-called “sniperscope” a low-level infrared scope mounted on rifles that could see about 100 yards. As detailed in this June 1946 issue of Popular Science, the sniperscope would “emit a beam of infrared light that shines on the target, is reflected back, then picked up by the telescope mounted on the gun. The naked eye can't see the rays.” In language that is as colorful as the photos are grey, the article's author describes the scope as ideal for “Yanks on Okinawa” charged with cutting down “unsuspecting Japs.” In the decades after the war, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, DARPA, developed the technology further.
During the Vietnam War, the military invested in passive systems. These were smaller and cheaper than their predecessors and work in dark environments by picking up low levels of light and amplifying or “intensifying” that light. Nature is full of night-sighted animals who see this way, picking up visual light better as opposed to seeing light from areas of the spectrum inaccessible to humans. Eye lens shape and size, the presence of more photoreceptors that pick up low light (rods) than high light (cones) in the eye can endow an animal with the ability to see in the dark, as can a tissue layer that reflects more light back into retina, the so-called tapetum lucidum, the adaptation present in cats' eyes that gives them that strange green shine in direct light.
Panoramic night vision goggles have been around for years. In fact, the Air Force oftentimes touted pilots' use of the technology in the cockpit.
Night vision goggles like the L-3 GPNVG-18 work like this: they don't shoot infrared beams at targets and pick them back up, they use vacuum-sealed scopes called “image intensifier tubes” with special lenses that adjust varying degrees of light, a bit like a cat's eye. The L-3 GPNVG-18 features four tubes, panoramically organized, that are spliced at the end closest to the eye. As the company explains, “The operator sees the two center tubes somewhat overlapping the two outer tubes to produce an unprecedented 97° [Field of View.]”
However futuristic looking they are, the L-3 GPNVG-18s don't actually represent the future of night vision. DARPA's AWARE program (advanced wide field of view architectures for image reconstruction and exploitation) last year produced a thermal camera that can take thermal images at just five microns, which is half the size of the photons it detects.
At this summer's DARPA Microsystem Technology Office exposition, the agency was eager to show off the stacked modular architecture high-resolution thermal SMART chip that fits in a smartphone, has a resolution of 640 x 480 pixels, and costs less than $500.
But even these aren't exactly what the military is looking for. In fact, the Pentagon recently described today's present night-viewing capabilities as “essential, but dated.”
In September, DARPA put out a call for researchers to pitch the agency on night-vision goggles to replace those currently in military use. Specifically, DARPA wants to “develop technology for and demonstrate potential of compact, lightweight, heads-up broad-band night vision display system for ground soldiers featuring cross-band infrared sensing and illumination for robust all condition viewing.”
In other words, it wants night vision goggles that weigh practically nothing, can switch between infrared and daylight automatically, and can provide and collect data from the wearer in way that doesn't obstruct view (like the Google Glass). They want the system to run for 24 hours without a charge and come in at less than $5,000 a unit.
Future night vision may come in the from of special contact lenses, as two researchers from the University of Michigan have already created a thin infrared sensor made of graphene that the researchers claim could be adapted into contacts. But the researchers caution that such an application is years away.
I treat the right to vote like my father used to treat their beloved Cadillac.
I drive it every chance I get and you are in a world of trouble if you touch it, much less try to take it from me.
Unlike Daddy's Caddy, the vote is not supposed to be a luxury item enjoyed by a few people.
I have sat at the feet of women who didn't cast a ballot, for fear of violence, until after 1965. I know well that the right to vote is only as powerful as the path to the voting booth is clear. Listening to stories of how it used to be, of enduring fear and intimidation while standing in line as voter registration officials took 7 hour lunches or went to medical appointments for 8 hours straight, I learned exactly how a right without access is a right in name only.
To our national shame, voter suppression did not go away after the Voting Rights Act was passed in 1965.
Hurdles like Voter ID, designed to hinder access the polls, are a current conservative tactic du jour.
But I have a little project.
Tisn't much, but many a powerful happening started from a simple action.
I pledge to ask everyone I know whether they are registered to vote and what state they are registered to vote in. If they are registered in a Voter ID state, I'll ask them if they have the required identification to vote.
If they don't have the required identification, I will help them obtain it.
And then I promise to do everything in my power to educate that voter and every voter I know about the abomination that is voter suppression.
I'm calling it my Caddy Pledge.
I hope that all y'all will treat the right to vote like the precious thing it is…
…and take it for a drive to show it off on Election Day in November.
Because listening to a candidate say they don't care about half the country is insulting, but trying to negotiate with that fool if they get elected would be a nightmare.
Blink.
A tangle of poles and ropes that looks like an evilly twitching tent may be the precursor of a future robotic explorer, which would be dropped from a height of 100 km onto Saturn's moon, Titan, without a parachute.
The construction of the Super Ball Bot is an attempt to create rigid and flexible parts forming a lightweight shock-absorbing robotically controlled exoskeleton. Hopefully, it will allow the explorer to withstand the fall to Titan, and will also be used for locomotion on the surface.
The project is being developed by Vytas SunSpiral and Adrian Agogino at the NASA Ames Research Center, who have shown their progress so far to IEEE Spectrum magazine.
The idea relies on the concept of tensegrity, which is a portmanteau word for “tensional integrity”, a notion that originally found applications in architecture. The same principle works in biology, with muscles, bones and tendons working in unison.
"With a tensegrity structure, the entire structure shares the burden of reducing that stress, which is what you see in human bodies," said SunSpiral.
The potential advantages of their approach are many. A tensegrity-based robot would be able to fold down very small, which is always a benefit for cramped space missions. It won't need a separate landing system with parachutes, retrorockets and airbags, especially if the target is Titan, where the dense nitrogen atmosphere will help to break the fall.
It will also fare better on the surface, compared to traditional wheeled rovers, since it could easily survive a fall from a cliff and traverse sandy terrain. In addition to this, the low mass and relative low cost of tensegrity structures mean payloads may include numerous individual robots, potentially even hundreds of small ones, each with its own scientific payload.
However, the technology has a major drawback. Rovers like the Curiosity are basically controlled from Earth, one component at a time. For the Super Ball Bot, with its many nonlinearly interconnected parts that affect each other in often unpredictable ways, this would not be an option.
So SunSpiral and Agogino are working on a solution that would allow the bot to operate automatically, leaving mission control the job of just setting objectives. The team is looking at biologically-inspired control mechanisms that use oscillatory signals, similar to the central pattern generators (CPGs) used in multi-limbed robots.
Most of the work is centered on a computer-simulated environment, in which the team tries to identify the best approach for coordinating the robot's movements. They have also built 1 meter diameter hardwire prototypes to test controls, and assess how good such a structure would be at protecting a fragile payload during a fall.
Compared to their computerized counterparts, the real-life bots are currently quite twitchy. But the engineers, who won a Phase II award from the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts this year, hope that one day tumbleweed-like robotic explorers will drop on Titan.
The stunning conclusion to the Chef Cookout Trilogy is here!
Tour the Big East! Cook against the top players of every school! Have a cook-off with friends!
A few words from the author of Chef Cookout World:
The first two games were merely a setup for this final endeavor of mine. The amount of research that I went through precisely tuning the movement of each avatar could be documented in an academic journal. Over 1200 lines of code were written for this game and advanced algorithms were used to create A.I. Players that would destroy the planet if unleashed. However, I've confined them within this game and limited their usage to only three buttons for your enjoyment! Every so often you might hear a voice yelling "Free me" but don't worry they'll stay put as long as you keep stirring!
Download the Game Here!
Play chef cookout 1
Play Chef Cookout 2
Adam Sandler is one of the most polarizing actors working today. The former SNL star's filmography is so weighted down with trashy, offensive movies like Grown Ups and Jack and Jill, it's a wonder the comedian is still willing to show their face in public—much less leverage that dubious success into a four-film deal with Netflix.
But here's the thing about Adam Sandler: He's actually a pretty great actor. Whether it's a fear of failure or a Joker-esque desire to watch the world burn, Sandler often ignores their talent, instead choosing to leave fiery bags of shit on the doorsteps of theaters for the projectionists to smear across empty film reels and project the results for the mindless masses. When Sandler does decide to take on a meatier role, the results are usually fantastic. Punch-Drunk Love, Reign Over Me and Funny People all highlight focused, nuanced performances from the writer of the “Chanukah Song.”
Why they so infrequently chooses such substantial roles is beyond comprehension, but the revelation that they like vacations may have something to do with it. A few years ago Sandler admitted to Jimmy Kimmel that their movies have been an excuse to party in foreign locations for years:
I have done that since 50 First Dates. It was written in another place. I said, ‘Imagine if we did it in Hawaii, how great that movie would be.' And they said, ‘Yeah, that's a very artistic idea.' I've been doing that ever since.
That's why it's so encouraging to hear that not only is Sandler back in a serious role, but that they reportedly crush it—crushes it so hard, in fact, that there's serious talk about Adam Sandler being an Oscar contender. Yes, the man who famously called Bob Barker a bitch and subsequently lost a fistfight to the then-septuagenarian may be considered for American film's highest honor.
After Sandler's new film The Meyerowitz Stories premiered at Cannes this week, Sandler was met with a four-minute standing ovation. Critical reception of Netflix's new film is exceptionally high already (93 percent on Rotten Tomatoes), but Peter Hammond of Deadline calls Sandler a “standout among a cast of standouts.” Could we really be living in a world where Adam Sandler wins an award that has eluded the likes of Johnny Depp and Liam Neeson?
These are strange times we live in, but hopefully Sandler will have some sort of awakening with the film and turn their attention to films that are actually watchable. Or, you know, go back to films that highlight getting pissed on by a deer. They're equally rewarding.
The Meyerowitz Stories will release on Netflix later this year. It may also see some sort of theatrical run, but that's never necessarily something Netflix feels the need to do.
Former Vermont governor and Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean said President Trump is “running a criminal enterprise” out of the White House.
Dean's remarks came during a segment an MSNBC host said Trump is “constantly vacationing to promote their own properties.”
“The promotion is extraordinary. There hasn't been a president in my lifetime that's done anything like this,” Dean said in response, according to Newsweek.
“In the beginning, the constitutional business about the emoluments clause, which are you're not supposed to take foreign money to influence your policy, it didn't bother me, I thought it was a far-flung argument — I'm not an attorney.”
But Dean said it is clear that Trump or their staff are “shaking down foreign governments who have moved their events to their hotel in Washington at somebody's request in order to get favors.”
“I think he's running a criminal enterprise out of the White House and I think that's what Bob Mueller's on the track of,” Dean said.
Trump's frequent visits to their own properties have also been viewed harshly by critics and ethics experts, who say it gives their organization free publicity.y.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is currently investigating the Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election and president Trump's alleged attempt to obstruct justice by Firing former FBI Director James Comey. Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion between their campaign and Russia and has called the investigation a “witch hunt.”
The federal broadcast regulator is reshuffling support for local television, promising up to $90-million in existing annual funding could be shifted to support local news programs, many of which are suffering from dramatic shifts in the media landscape.
But to get their share, the largest companies will have to keep all their stations open.
A new framework released on Wednesday by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) is designed to keep current levels of local news programming on air as local broadcasters endure steep declines in advertising revenue and the threat of stations going out of business.
Story continues below advertisement
The CRTC's review of local and community TV, which launched last September, was always going to be a zero-sum game. The regulator has insisted from the start that "there is sufficient funding within the broadcasting system" to sustain quality local programming. The new policy will shift more of those dollars to the creation of local news programs, mostly at the expense of public-access community channels.
"The commission did not feel that with all that money involved in the system that it made any sense to require even more, because it always comes from the same pocket" – namely, TV subscribers and taxpayers, CRTC chairperson Jean-Pierre Blais said in an interview. "So it is a re-balancing of where the money should be going."
Yet there is concern the help is not coming fast enough, because the major changes will not take effect until Sept. 1, 2017. "There is certainly good news. We would prefer, perhaps, to have had the good news sooner than later," said Cal Millar, president of Channel Zero Inc., which owns Hamilton's CHCH-TV. "The financial realities, frankly, they're every day. They're not waiting a year and a half to be resolved."
Local TV stations have been bleeding red in recent years. According to CRTC figures, combined revenue from local news on those stations fell from $297-million in 2012-13 to $266-million in 2014-15, while expenditures increased slightly to $348-million.
At the CRTC's direction, Canadian TV providers contribute 5 per cent of their annual revenue to multiple funds that support a variety of Canadian programming, and that will continue. At an eight-day hearing in January, much of the discussion revolved around how to re-balance the way those funds are distributed among local news, small-market programming and community TV stations.
About $156-million flows to community programming on channels such as CogecoTV, EastLink Television and Rogers TV, which feature a mix of local sports, community-service programs and talk shows. In the fall of 2017, a large slice of that will be shifted to new funds supporting local news on stations such as the CTV affiliates, or CHCH-TV.
About $23-million – or 0.3 per cent of TV providers' annual revenue – will be earmarked for independent stations across the country, and divided based on a formula that looks at how much local news each station produces and airs. But little is offered in the way of short-term relief for struggling stations.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"From the perspective of the urgency and plight of the smallest of the small broadcasters, I would say this decision falls well short of the mark," said Peter Miller, a communications lawyer who has done work for the Small Market Independent Television Stations Coalition. "The largest players, who have the least need for subsidy, will receive the most."
Large vertically integrated companies such as BCE Inc. and Rogers Communications Inc. – which are TV distributors but also own broadcasters such as CTV and the City network, respectively – will be able to access up to $67-million to spend on local news programs, but will have to decide how to divide it between their local and community stations. And to be allowed to dip into community funds to pay for local news, vertically integrated companies will have to keep all of their local TV stations open.
"We're saying that if you want to benefit from this flexibility, it comes at a cost," Mr. Blais said. "There's no blank cheques in regulatory circles."
A BCE spokesperson called the new framework "a positive step," while a spokesperson for Rogers said the company is "optimistic this decision will help sustain newscasts."
Even so, Mr. Blais acknowledges that some stations may still shut down under pressure from a changing industry. "I think it's very dangerous for the commission to bend over backward and skew economics of running a business because we fear some will go dark," they said.
Community stations are likely to suffer the most as large swaths of their existing funding are moved over to pay for local news. To safeguard community programming, the CRTC will tighten current rules to ensure more money is spent on-screen and less on overhead costs. And the commission believes some community outlets can make do with less money, as websites such as YouTube have created new ways for communities to get their stories out.
Story continues below advertisement
"There was, over time, more and more money being pumped into the community channel, and yet when we asked Canadians what they valued in their television, it's local television, particularly local news," Mr. Blais said. "There was almost a weird regulatory system where more money was being put in something that was a lesser priority for Canadians."
Some media companies took a substantial hit when the CRTC phased out the Local Programming Improvement Fund, or LPIF, which was created in the recession in 2008 to prop up local TV. The fund distributed $106-million to 80 local stations in 2011, but the CRTC gradually turned off the tap, closing it in the fall of 2014.
Looking back, Mr. Blais said they believe the LPIF encouraged "a lot of local programming, but maybe not news programming."
Some local stations have been floundering. Last December, Channel Zero pushed the company that employed CHCH-TV's staff into bankruptcy, laying off all 129 full-time and 38 part-time employees, then offered to hire 71 people back in similar roles. The channel now airs 17.5 hours of weekly programming, down from 80 hours.
Last year, Rogers Media slashed 110 jobs from its broadcasting operations, and the company cut another 200 jobs across its media properties earlier this year. Bell Media, a division of BCE, also shed more than 400 jobs starting last fall, including some from its TV operations.
The new rules are expected to favour some broadcasters over others, but Mr. Blais – who has often stressed the importance of giving consumers control – said the main goal was keeping local news on TV.
Story continues below advertisement
"I think the winners in this equation are Canadians who say they value local news, and we are taking action to maintain it," Mr. Blais said.
I arrived at the hospital, white coat and stethoscope in hand. It was my first day as a doctor, and I was filled with a nervous mix of optimism and excitement.
I walked up to the medicine team room, entered the code on the door and introduced myself to the other residents — some of them newly minted doctors like me. I was about to receive handoff from the night team for the patients assigned to me. Years of school had led up to this point. I had dreamed about this moment. I was about to care for patients as a doctor for the first time.
That's when the realities of practicing medicine hit me like a freight train.
My computer credentials didn't work, so I couldn't log on to the hospital's system. As I waited on hold with the IT department, I tried to keep up with the handoff. I needed to learn about their conditions, medications and treatment plans. Labs were waiting to be followed up. Consults had to be placed.
My pager started going off. Questions piled in from nurses, case managers, social workers and other co-workers: Is this patient being discharged today? Can you sign this disability form? Have you placed that clinic referral yet?
I paused to collect myself and performed a ritual well known to physicians and other health-care providers. I grabbed a blank piece of paper, folded it in half and wrote down my patients' names. Underneath each name, I began listing my checkboxes, or tasks for the day.
Before I knew it, we residents and the supervising physician were off to see patients. I had only just met some of the people whom we were going to be sending home. We wheeled computers with us, placing orders as we went from room to room. Still grappling with the unfamiliar electronic medical record used by the hospital, I could barely find the right buttons to click. The list of checkboxes on my folded paper grew and grew.
Later in the day, we all slumped back to the team room. Discharge summaries needed to be signed. Progress notes had to be written. Families wanted updates. My fellow residents and I typed away at our computers, phones to our ears, pagers ringing out.
My first day as a doctor was overwhelming, to say the least.
While medical school introduces budding physicians to the science of disease and treatment, residency trains us how to care for patients within the labyrinth of the U.S. health-care system. We have to learn how to work within hospitals and clinics with the goal of becoming independent practitioners. We come face to face with the gritty realities of insurance coverage and electronic medical records. The bureaucracy of providing patient care in many ways defines how we learn to practice.
In medical school, clinical medicine often comes down to “Drug A treats Condition Z.” During residency, we learn that A treats Z if you can figure out how to order A in the computer, you document why you chose A in your note, the hospital approves the choice of A, insurance covers A, the patient can afford A's co-pay, you sent the prescription for A to the right pharmacy, the patient actually picks up A from the pharmacy, and you coordinate follow-up appointments to see if A is helping the patient.
As my first year of residency has gone by, I've become increasingly aware of how much time we dedicate to the administrative side of medicine — and the very real costs for up-and-coming physicians. I can write a comprehensive hospital discharge summary, but I can hardly place an IV in a patient. I know what a prior authorization form looks like, but I don't know what my patients' pills look like. I often spend 12 busy hours in the hospital but less than a few hours with my patients.
Often, it seems that administrative skills have begun to outweigh the human connection necessary between caregivers and patients.
Of course, some of these concerns are magnified during residency training. In academic medical centers, much of the grunt work of patient care, from placing orders to writing notes, falls upon residents.
But in other ways, young doctors are just scratching the surface of the health-care bureaucracy. As residents, we're often shielded from the complexity of medical billing. We don't yet have to grapple with establishing our own practices, maintaining staff, hospital contracts or malpractice insurance.
This is a broader problem in American medicine. A study published in 2013 found that internal medical interns spent 40 percent of their time on computers. Residents often spend more than four hours per day on documentation and electronic charting, according to several studies. A 2010 review of studies suggests hospital physicians on average spend less than one-fourth of their time directly caring for patients. In a study released last year, researchers found that doctors in clinics spent nearly two hours on desk work for every one hour with patients.
All this paperwork is straining physicians. A nationwide study found that more than 90 percent of medical residents felt the amount of required documentation in patient care was too much. In a 2016 survey of more than 6,000 doctors, half did not feel the level of clerical work in medicine was reasonable. Editorials in top journals across medicine have cited administrative workloads as part of the reason for the alarming rates of burnout in the profession.
When I look back on medical school, I remember sitting with patients for hours, chatting with them, learning about their lives. As medical students, we're often given the time to do so, protected from the bureaucracies of medicine so we can spend time learning how to care for people. By comparison, as I reflect on my first year as a doctor, I cringe at how many days I spend sitting at computers, clicking away in windowless rooms, staring into screens, separated from patients.
But I'm also reminded of a recent column by a group of physicians. “The sound of medicine is not the click of a mouse. It is the human voice,” they wrote.
I find hope in those words. My days are measured by countless checkboxes, but whenever possible I try to add just a few more — I tell myself they'll be worth it. Go to the bedside during free moments. Check in with my patients before going home. Stop by for those chats again, even if I'm tired and it's late.
It's been nearly a year since that first day in the hospital. Today, I'm far more efficient as a physician. My typing has sped up, and I have templates for virtually every kind of note. I can now find orders in the computer by muscle memory. I've learned how to admit patients into the hospital, transfer them between units, discharge them, refer them to specialists and follow up with them in clinic.
I'm becoming better at providing health care, but does that mean I'm better at taking care of patients?
Morris is a resident physician in psychiatry at the Stanford University School of Medicine.
CCTV footage of the incident shows the girl struggling and trying to raise an alarm to escape from the men.
The girl who was kidnapped today morning from outside a college in Gurgaon has been rescued after 7 hours.
The incident took place outside the Guru Dronacharya College in Gurgaon on MG Road, near Sikandarpur. The incident took place around 9.15 am. The victim has not yet been identified.
Gurgaon Police Commissioner Navdeep Virk said, "At this stage, it would be wrong to reveal more details of kidnapping".
They also said that the girl and culprits were known to each other and three accused have already been identified and detained by the police. The girl is now safe at their home.
The entire incident took place in just 10 seconds.
The girl had just reached the college gate when they were forcibly pulled into a Maruti Swift. Witnesses said there were four men in the car.
The Principal of the Dronacharya Government College said, "We don't know yet if the girl is from this college or not".
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Hooda expressed their anger over the incident and said that there is no sign of law and order in Haryana.
CCTV footage of the incident shows the girl struggling and trying to raise an alarm to escape from the men. A couple of men are also seen running after the car to try and stop the kidnappers.
The eyewitnesses said that the car used in the abduction did not have any number plates on it.
The police have lodged an FIR and are trying to locate the car as well as the men.
KTM CEO Stefan Pierer has said KTM will be racing in MotoGP by 2017 on a 1000cc V4 machine called the RC16.
Speaking to Speedweek, they explained they plan to test the V4 engine in May 2015 and have the first roll out of the RC16 by Autumn that year. The bike will then be available to purchase by the end of 2016 after a year's testing.
Pierer said the RC16 will likely cost between €150,000 and €200,000 but still expects to sell up to 100 a year.
Speaking of which rider could become part of the 2017 KTM MotoGP project, Pierer hinted that Stefan Bradl certainly wasn't one to dismiss, saying that Germany is the main market in Europe and if they have Honda experience, all the better.
Information is thin on the ground right now but KTM UK has told us a press release revealing more details will soon be released.
The TV Scoop Awards are upon us!
To start things off in our annual quest to name the best that TV had to offer over the past year, we're starting with two of the biggest categories of all: Best Comedy and Best Drama.
Which shows ruled over all TV in your opinion? Should Outlander win the best drama a second year in a row? Which show will succeed the sadly canceled Faking It as this year's best comedy? The only way to know is for you to vote!
These polls, along with the others that will be launched each day for the next two weeks, will remain open until 5 p.m. PT on Friday, June 30, which means you have plenty of time to vote for all your favorites.
New Year's Eve will never be the same. Dick Clark has died.
Clark's agent confirmed the news in a statement that the 82-year-old TV and music legend, who brought rock and roll into the American living room, died of a "massive heart attack" this morning.
NBC4 in L.A. reports that Clark had been at St. John's Hospital where they suffered the heart attack after a medical procedure.
Clark, whose youthful appearance earned them the nickname of "America's Oldest Teenager," suffered a significant stroke in 2004. Ryan Seacrest took over their famous Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve show 2006, but Clark would not give it up, making appearances on the show ever since. Clark is also known for hosting long-running television shows including American Bandstand, which showcased rock and roll as it was emerging in the 1950s, and the game show The $10,000 Pyramid as well as TV's Bloopers and Practical Jokes and The American Music Awards.
Clark has been married three times and has three children from their first two marriages.  They are survived by their current wife, Kari Wigton.
In New York, a Thomson Reuters editor tweeted a photo of the Times Square ball.
Other fans reacted to the news:
Snoop Dogg: "REST IN PEACE to the DICK CLARK!! U were pioneer n a good man!!Thank u sir"
Hanson: "Dick Clark was a Rock 'n' Roll Radio/TV icon with an influence on pop culture for more than 50 years. Rest in peace. -ISAAC"
Mario Lopez: "Just heard the news of Dick Clark... It was truly an honor to have worked with him, learn from them and to be able to call them a friend. They were a great man and an even better friend. The word legend is thrown around a lot, but it's never more appropriate than when used in describing Mr. Clark.. They were a real inspiration & influence in my life. I will dearly miss my friend... Rest well DC"
Charlie Daniels: "The CDB regrets the loss of our friend Dick Clark who we had the honor of working with many times. Nobody did TV like Dick. Rest In Peace."
Marlee Matlin: "So sorry about passing of Dick Clark. A man with the gift of discovering talented musicians they also are a consummate producer/lovely man RIP"
Duran Duran: "Sad to hear about Dick Clark. Rest in peace"
D.L. Hughley: "RIP Dick Clark worked with them on New Years Rockin Eve and TV Bloopers always a class act!"
Seth Green: "So saddened by Dick Clark's passing- an innovator, a legend, a man who believed in the greatness of humans. #ThankYou"
Joan Rivers: "Very sad to hear about Dick Clark. What a great life. What a great career. Relevant until the end. They will be missed!"
Matthew Morrison: "A sad day as we have lost Dick Clark, an American Icon. You will be missed."
Holly Robinson Peete: "#RIP Dick Clark. Always so nice Employed me many times. I will miss you Dick. Prayers to Kari and the family #Legend"
John McCain: "RIP Dick Clark - thanks for the many years of entertainment"
Dane Cook: "Rest in peace Mr. Dick Clark. Thank you for new years and new years of class, positivity & entertainment."
Janet Jackson: "Rest in peace, Dick Clark. Thank you for the countless memories. You will be missed."
Jenny McCarthy: "RIP dick Clark. You were amazing to work with. U will be missed." Xxxoo
According to a new survey from The Pew Research Center, 65% of Americans expect that robots will take over most human jobs within the next 50 years. But they also think their jobs will be safe.
Pew spoke to 2,001 adults from June 10 to July 12 of 2015. Of those, 15% said they think robots and computers will definitely take over jobs in the next five decades, and 50% said this would probably be the case. But 36% of respondents said they think their jobs will definitely exist, for humans, in the same time-frame, and 44% said it probably will. Overall, just 11% of people said they were concerned of being replaced by a machine.
Younger, richer and more educated people fear the robot revolution less. Pew found that 35% respondents aged 18 to 49 think it's unlikely that human jobs will be displaced by robots. That figure drops to 27% among respondents 50 and older. Also, 37% of college-educated respondents and 38% of those with an annual household income of at least $75,000 think human jobs will remain intact. Only 28% of those who did not earn a college degree and 27% of those with an annual household income that's lower than $30,000 agree.
Opinions also differed according to the type of jobs respondents hold, in terms of the likelihood of a robot jobs revolution:
Advertisement
… and their immunity from it:
It's not surprising that survey respondents thought that while most jobs would be made irrelevant, their jobs would not: We have a tendency to overrate our intelligence, and to label ourselves as 'middle class' despite our actual wealth. Plus, Americans are bad at math.
Advertisement
So when the predicted robotic employment surge happens, we'll all be surprised.
Danielle Wiener-Bronner is a news reporter.
CLOSE In their opening statement, former FBI director James Comey said Trump requested 'loyalty' and urged them to drop the FBI's Michael Flynn investigation. USA TODAY
Former FBI Director James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill before the House Intelligence Committee hearing on allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. (Photo11: J. Scott Applewhite, AP)
WASHINGTON — Former FBI director James Comey confirmed in stunning detail Wednesday that President Trump privately requested their loyalty and later urged them to drop the investigation into ex-national security adviser Michael Flynn, according to a preview of their highly anticipated testimony.
Comey outlined nine contacts with the president in a seven-page opening statement filed with the Senate Intelligence Committee, where they are due to speak publicly Thursday for the first time since they were abruptly fired in May in the midst of a widening FBI investigation into whether Trump associates colluded with Russian officials who sought to influence the presidential election by hacking Democrats.
These contacts included a hastily-arranged Jan. 27 dinner in which Trump made an unusual request to the FBI chief overseeing the Russia inquiry: “I need loyalty, I expect loyalty.''
“I didn't move, speak or change my facial expression any way during the awkward silence that followed,'' Comey said of the exchange. "We simply looked at each other in silence.''
Later, in a Feb. 14 meeting at the White House, Comey said Trump strongly defended Flynn, saying that their former national security adviser “hadn't done anything wrong'' in their prior contact with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Flynn had been fired one day prior for lying to administration officials about their communications with Kislyak.
“I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go,'' Comey said, quoting the president. “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.''
Alarmed by the exchange, Comey said they prepared an "unclassified memo'' immediately after the conversation and later discussed it with FBI senior leadership.
“I had understood the president to be requesting that we drop any investigation of Flynn in connection with false statements about their conversations with the Russian ambassador in December,'' Comey said. "I did not understand the president to be talking about the broader investigation into Russia or possible links to their campaign. I could be wrong … Regardless, it was very concerning given the FBI's role as an independent investigative agency.''
Comey's testimony does, however, include a concession to Trump, confirming the president's previous assertions that the director informed them on three separate occasions that they were not a subject of the FBI's Russia investigation. Comey said they relayed the information to the president during their first Jan. 6 briefing with the then-president-elect, the Jan. 27 White House dinner and a March 30 telephone call.
Trump's lawyer immediately seized on information, claiming that it amounted to a public acknowledgement that Trump "was not under investigation in any Russian probe.''
CLOSE Former FBI Director James Comey's testimony to Congress on Thursday is one of the most highly anticipated events in politics. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Buzz60
"The President feels completely and totally vindicated,'' Trump attorney Marc Kasowitz said in a written statement. "He is eager to continue to move forward with theirs agenda.''
Still, Comey's written statement is more than a simple recounting of conversations with Trump. It is remarkable for its detail, describing furnishings in the rooms where they met, their seating arrangements and their often wide-ranging discussions by telephone.
Read more:
In one of their six telephone contacts with the president, Comey said Trump called them directly at FBI headquarters March 30 and described the ongoing Russia investigation as "a cloud'' that was impairing the president's ability to lead the country.
"He said they had nothing to do with Russia, had not been involved with hookers in Russia and had always assumed they were being recorded when in Russia,'' Comey wrote, referring to the sexually-charged contents of an unsubstantiated dossier that purported to link Trump to the Kremlin.
"He asked what we could do to 'lift the cloud.' I responded that we were investigating the matter as quickly as we could, and that there would be great benefit, if we didn't find anything, to our having done the work well. They agreed, but then re-emphasized the problems this (investigation) was causing him.''
Toward the end of the extraordinary conversation, Comey said that Trump again stressed that the ''cloud'' of the Russia investigation was interfering with their ability to govern.
"He hoped that I could find a way to get out that they aren't being investigated,'' Comey wrote. "I told them I would see what we could do, and that we would do our investigative work well and as quickly as we could."
Immediately after that March 30 call, Comey said they reported the conversation to then-acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente. Attorney General Jeff Sessions had earlier recused themselves from considering all Russia-related matters because they had failed to disclose their own previous contacts with the Russian ambassador during their January confirmation hearing.
"I did not hear back from them before the president called me again two weeks later'' to ask what Comey had done to "get out'' the word that Trump was "not personally under investigation.''
Comey said they ultimately told Trump to pursue that information through Boente's office, "which was the traditional channel'' for contacts between the White House and the FBI.
The director's encounters with Trump were so unusual and often uncomfortable, that Comey started memorializing the communications in memos, starting with their first Jan. 6 meeting at Trump Tower in Manhattan where the director briefed the president-elect on the contents of an unsubstantiated and sexually-charged dossier purporting to link Trump to the Kremlin.
"I felt compelled to document my first conversation with the president-elect in a memo,'' Comey wrote, adding that they began to compose it "on a laptop in an FBI vehicle outside Trump Tower the moment I walked out of the meeting.
Creating written records of immediately after one-on-one conversations with Mr. Trump was my practice from that point forward. This had not been my practice in the past.''
Contributing: David Jackson, Ray Locker
Read the full statement:
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rWat52
The Jerusalem Magistrate's Court on Sunday sentenced an Islamic preacher to eight months in jail for racism and incitement to violence in a Friday sermon.
Sheikh Omar Abu Sara delivered the sermon at the Al-Aqsa Mosque, located on the Temple Mount in the capital, on November 28, 2014. In the address, which was recorded and uploaded to YouTube, Abu Sara, 51, described Jews in vile terms, comparing them to pigs and monkeys, and urged the worshipers to commit acts of violence against them.
“I say to the Jews loud and clear: The time for your slaughter has come. The time to fight you has come. The time to kill you has come,” the sheikh preached, according to a translation by the Middle East Media Research Institute. “Please do not leave in our hearts a single grain of mercy toward you, oh Jews, because when the day of your slaughter arrives, we shall slaughter you without mercy.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“Jews are a people and God made them monkeys and pigs,” Abu Sara continued.
In their concluding remarks Sunday, Judge Shmuel Herbst said: “I look at the accused and I see a man. It is a great shame that they look at me and sees a monkey or a pig who should be destroyed without mercy. What a shame.”
https://youtu.be/mhrQgqHVN8w
In their defense, Abu Sara claimed that the sermon was not incitement but rather religious teachings. They claimed they had no intent to be racist, but that they were simply quoting verses from the Quran and views of religious commentaries. They said that they were describing a vision of the future, after the return of the Prophet, rather than a call to action.
Those claims were rejected by the court, which found no evidence that most of the sermon was quoting others. Instead, most of the speech came from Abu Sara's imagination, according to court documents. The judges also ruled that the sheikh should have known that their words would be interpreted as a call to action.
The court took freedom of expression into account, but ruled that incitement to violence and racism contravenes the basic rights of others and therefore cannot be applied in their case.
The court found that Abu Sara did not regret their actions, and did not see them as harmful. In addition to eight months in prison, they received a six-month suspended sentence, to be applied if they commit similar offenses within three years.
Alec Baldwin is headed back to TV.
The 30 Rock veteran is set to star as a billionaire real estate developer, divorced father, philanthropist, society fixture and celebrated libertine who unexpectedly becomes mayor of New York City. After a heated bidding war, the hourlong entry has landed in development with a production commitment at HBO.
Baldwin, who has been vocal about their own political ambitions in the past, will serve as an executive producer should it move forward. He'll be joined by writer/EP Wells Tower (Everything Ravaged, Everything Burned) and EP Cary Brokaw (The Player, Closer). The still-untitled project hails from Universal Television, where Baldwin has a deal, and the actor's El Dorado Pictures.
In a 2011 interview with The New York Times, Baldwin, an outspoken liberal, confirmed that they had plans to one day run for New York mayor himself. At that time, they suggested the hold-up on any political pursuits was their commitment to the NBC comedy and their desire to be better educated about the office.
Since 30 Rock signed off in early 2013, the Emmy-winning actor and frequent tabloid target has turned up on Broadway, headlined a short-lived MSNBC show and has feuded with everyone from Shia LaBeouf to the New York Post.
Czech president Vaclav Klaus, who is supported by the country's largest political party, called the Irish referendum vote a "victory of freedom and reason" and said "ratification cannot continue".
"Politicians have allowed the citizens to express their opinion only in a single EU country," Mr Klaus said.
"The Lisbon treaty project ended with the Irish voters' decision and its ratification cannot continue," they wrote on their own website, according to Czech news agency CTK.
The resounding Irish no was a "victory of freedom and reason over artificial elitist projects and European bureaucracy," they said.
Premysl Sobotka, Czech senate chairperson, also said there was "no sense" continuing with ratification, according to the agency.
The Czech Republic, traditionally one of the more Euro-skeptic of the EU's 27 member states, is one of nine countries which have not yet ratified the treaty.
While little opposition to continued ratification has been seen yet among leaders of the other eight, efforts to keep the Lisbon Treaty alive in any form would be near impossible if another country joined Ireland in rejection.
A summit of EU leaders will look for possible solutions to the institutional crisis next week.
You can tell me this episode didn't make you tear up a little, but I won't believe you. …
Welcome back, your dreams were your ticket out. Welcome back, to that same old place that you laughed about. …
Tubular Search Keyword search across all the entries in this blog.
Categories Categories Select Category 24 Aliens in America All other TV Alvin Schultz's guest blogs America's Best Dance Crew america's got talent america's next great restaurant america's next top model American Horror Story american idol Arrested Development Arrow Asylum Award shows Bachelor in Paradise Bachelor Pad Battlestar Galactica Big Brother Bionic Woman Blade Blood and Sand brothers and sisters Casting celebrity apprentice chuck Clash of the Choirs Comic Con Conrad Murray Coven Dallas Dance War: Bruno vs. Carrie Ann dancing with the stars Deadwood Degrassi: The Next Generation Desperate Housewives Dirty Sexy Money dollhouse Duets Eli Stone Everwood Everybody Hates Chris Fear the Walking Dead Fixer Upper FlashForward Food Network Star Freak Show Friday Night Lights fringe game of thrones GCB General Gilmore Girls glee Gods of the Arena gossip girl Grey's Anatomy Guiding Light Hawaii 5-0 Hell's Kitchen Heroes HGTV Hotel How I Met Your Mother ICU-Tube Invasion jamie oliver's food revolution Jericho jersey shore Journeyman K-Ville Last Comic Standing Life Is Wild Lipstick Jungle Live To Dance lost Lost Chats Mad Men Making Menudo MasterChef Meerkat Manor Murder House Nashville Star Nightmares & Dreamscapes Nip/Tuck Olympic Games Oprah's Big Give Outlander Person of Interest Prison Break Private Practice project runway Pushing Daisies Rachel Vs. Guy real housewives of Beverly Hills Real Housewives of Dallas Real Housewives of Miami real housewives of new jersey Real Housewives of New York City reaper Rescue Me Revolution Ringer Rock Star Rubicon RuPaul's Drag Race Sarah Palin's Alaska saturday night live Scream Queens Set Your DVRs Shedding for the Wedding sister wives Skating With the Stars so you think you can dance spartacus Sportsball Stargate Universe Start-Ups: Silicon Valley Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip Summer Games supernatural Superstars of Dance Survivor Survivors Team Blue Team Red The 4400 The Americans The Apprentice The Bachelor Paris the bachelorette the biggest loser The Cape the event The Fashion Show The Final Countdown The Hills The Jay Leno Show The Next Great American Band the next iron chef The Office The Real World The River The Secret Circle The Sing-Off The Sopranos The United States of Tara the vampire diaries The View the voice the walking dead The West Wing The X Factor Tonight Show top chef Just Desserts top chef masters Torchwood Touch Treasure Hunters Treme true blood tune in – Fall Guide Tune In – Holiday Guide Tune In – Summer Guide Tune In – Winter Guide Tune In's Best of the Best Twitter Ugly Betty V Vengeance Veronica Mars Watch This What Just Happened What Not To Miss What You Missed Winter Games
Brandi Glanville Smelly Vagina Suit is Bogus It's in Krupa's Contract!
Brandi Glanville -- Smelly Vagina Suit is Bogus ... It's in Joanna Krupa's Contract!
EXCLUSIVE
Brandi Glanville has another trick up their sleeve to get the smelly vagina lawsuit thrown out ... they claim Joanna Krupa signed away their right to go after Brandi in court.
In documents obtained by TMZ ... Brandi says Joanna's defamation suit should be tossed, because Joanna's 'Real Housewives' contract forbids them from suing their fellow 'Housewives' cast members.
It would make sense since the heat on those shows comes from the women sniping at each other.
Joanna was on "The Real Housewives of Miami" back in 2013 -- and, in fact, Brandi's vagina comment came on the heels of the 'Miami' reunion show.
Brandi admits they don't have a copy of Joanna's contract ... but considering Brandi was on the Bev Hills edition, it's a good bet they know what's in the fine print.
Krupa's lawyer thinks Brandi's reaching -- trying everything they can and "hope something sticks."
It started as an argument between an elderly father and their adult son inside their Maplewood home Monday afternoon.
Then it turned deadly.
For reasons not clear to police, Pang Vang, 84, fatally shot their 36-year-old son, Chue Vang, before stabbing themselves multiple times with a knife, according to Maplewood Police Chief Paul Schnell.
Neighbors watched as the two men were rolled out of the house a few hours later on gurneys as SWAT team officers swarmed the premises.
Chue Vang was pronounced dead at the scene, Schnell said.
Pang Vang was taken to Regions Hospital with self-inflicted stab wounds to their chest and neck. They were listed in fair condition Monday evening.
“I'm in shock … I can't believe this,” said Zang Vang, a relative of both men. “They were good people.”
Officers descended on the residence at 1863 County Road B — down the street from the Maplewood police station — just before noon after a family member reported the shooting.
The house is owned by Chue Vang, who shared it with their elderly parents, Schnell said.
All three, as well as Chue Vang's adult brother and a child, were present when the shooting broke out, although everyone else safely left the home when officers arrived, Schnell said.
Police were quickly joined by the Ramsey County SWAT team after learning that Pang Vang had barricaded themselves in a bedroom, potentially with multiple weapons, Schnell said.
Over the course of two hours, officers tried to establish contact with the father, Schnell said, first by telephone, then through a PA system. Eventually, a Hmong-speaking Maplewood officer became the main point of contact for the father.
Schnell said police believe Pang Vang already had stabbed themselves by the time contact was made.
Officers entered the house and found them severely injured. Chue Vang was unresponsive.
A long gun, whose type was unspecified by police, and a knife were recovered.
“Certainly, this is a tragic set of circumstances,” Schnell said of the city's first homicide of 2014.
Police had little information about what triggered the deadly dispute but said a conflict between the father and son had been ongoing.
Relatives told police the elder Vang, who has a military background, had a history of making violent threats against family members but nothing that had escalated to the point of requiring police intervention.
“What prompted this today … for a gun to all of a sudden get into the mix … that becomes one of the things we are trying to get a sense of,” Schnell said.
The Vang family relocated to the Twin Cities from Laos several years ago, relatives said.
Chue Vang was single.
Their cousin, Zang Vang, described them as one of the “good ones.”
“He goes to school, does a lot of church service,” Zang Vang said.
They added that Pang Yang had been a “great uncle” to him.
“I cannot believe this … I don't know what happened, Zang Vang said.
Neighbor Sandy Miller stood among a crowd of neighbors Monday afternoon and watched the scene unfolding just down the street from their homes.
Miller said they often saw the father and son working together in their garage.
“They were just quiet people,” Miller said. “I can't believe this. … It's devastating.”
The crime was particularly startling given its proximity to Maplewood City Hall, said Kenta Cummings, another neighbor who said they heard the gunshots.
“You wouldn't expect something like this here … right by a bus stop for kids and the police station,” they said.
The Ramsey County medical examiner's office planned an autopsy as the investigation continued Monday evening.
Yesterday, Apple Music announced a deal that could totally transform online mix culture – and deliver a serious blow to rivals SoundCloud, Spotify and Mixcloud.
For over a decade, online mixes have been a popular part of internet music consumption. Unlike their commercial mix CD ancestors though, they've been a somewhat shady, bootleg enterprise, subject to legal wrangles and takedowns. A new partnership between Apple and digital distributor Dubset will bring them a step closer to legitimacy, allowing DJs to upload mixes, remixes and mash-ups, with royalties paid to both the mixer and rights holders.
It's an important development for several reasons. SoundCloud has famously struggled with copyright disputes from labels, meaning takedowns and profile deletions are still a threat to artists looking to upload content. Mixcloud is a perfectly serviceable alternative that pays rights holders, but it's still a relatively small platform with a user base dwarfed by that of Apple Music, which has over 10m paid subscribers. Both companies should be worried by this partnership, which could take a significant chunk of their listeners.
As Billboard outlines, Dubset is able to achieve this with software called MixBank, which it uses to scan remixes and DJ mixes, and analyse which tracks are featured. Next, Dubset's proprietary MixScan software is able to pinpoint the start and end point of a track in a mix and check a database to see who should be paid. Royalties are split depending on the relative duration of music played – half a track gets half the amount of money as a full track stream.
The benefits for artists and DJs are obvious: no more takedowns, more royalties for everyone and exposure to Apple Music's huge user base. Despite the benefits, it's not quite as straightforward as it sounds. Rights holders can blacklist tracks through Dubset and ultimately have the final say on whether a mix reaches Apple Music, after you've spent hours planning, tweaking and recording the perfect mix.
Dubset has been around for several years, and received funding from Rhapsody in 2014. It also has agreements in place with over 14,000 labels and publishers, so it's clearly serious about monetising DJ mixes. But there's still a lot about how the company works that's unclear, like exactly how much money rights holders will be paid when a two-minute snippet of their track gets played in a 60-minute DJ mix.
Dubset and its partners seem optimistic. Company CEO Stephen White gave Pitchfork a very positive statement about what it means financially, while Get Physical Records CEO Roland Leesker called the revenue and royalty potential “enormous.” The company refused to give specific figures to Billboard, but if the amounts are comparable to Spotify, artists probably won't be receiving very much money at all.
Figures last year suggest that artists receive $0.0011 from a single play on Spotify, an amount that requires 1,117,021 streams to make an average monthly wage of $1,260. Assuming only half a track is played in a mix, and then another slice goes towards the DJ that recorded the mix, the amount of times a mix will need to be played to make decent money is going to be in the millions.
“The royalties may not add up to much, but the benefits of getting featured on a platform like Apple Music shouldn't be underestimated.”
While this might mean significant payouts for EDM artists featured on mixes from DJs like Hardwell that can break the 7m mark, underground acts are likely to see small returns. In comparison, FACT's biggest mix of last year, by Warp veteran Squarepusher, was streamed 49,900 times on SoundCloud and downloaded a further 6,000 – an amount that might buy you lunch if you're lucky.
The royalties may not add up to much, but the benefits of getting featured on a platform like Apple Music shouldn't be underestimated. The service's focus on curation is arguably better than Spotify, with niche genres and artists regularly covered by its editorial. If a relatively underground artist like recent FACT mixer Ziro were to get a mix featured on Apple Music, the profile boost alone would make up for the relative lack of royalties.
Ultimately, Apple Music's partnership with Dubset will probably result in the same complaints people regularly make about streaming services. Artists will say they're getting a bad deal, there will be a flood of mediocre mixes nobody will listen to, and there might even be a few lawsuits aimed at Dubset by optimistic artists looking for a payout.
For DJs though, the deal can only be positive. The recent bankruptcy of SFX Entertainment suggests trouble for the EDM industry, but this new partnership is the first time a major streaming service has recognised the DJ as being as important as the artist that made the music itself. Whether you're an EDM star playing on huge festival stages or a vinyl digger spinning in basements, it's a significant moment.
BJP Trolls its Way to Digital India
Swati Chaturvedi's book I Am a Troll has exposed the connection between abusive social media accounts (trolls) and the BJP. It has been published by the Delhi based publishing house Juggernaut. The 171 page book by the investigative journalists accounts experience of Sadhavi Khosla, an ex-member of the BJP social media cell. The former volunteer has alleged that the BJP asked them to troll the e-commerce company Snapdeal on Aamir Khan's remark on intolerance. The actor who is brand ambassador of Snapdeal had joined the debate over "rising intolerance" in India, saying their wife Kiran Rao had asked if they should move out of the country. The book accuses the party of backing social media trolls who abuse its political opponents.
Sadhavi Khosla, in order to prove their claims has also sent Chaturvedi WhatsApp messages they claims were from BJP's IT cell head Arvind Gupta. One of these messages reads, “Sign the Petition to Snapdeal India. Appeal Snapdeal to drop Aamir Khan from their ads”. Screenshots of the message, among several others, can be seen in Chaturvedi's book.
Chaturvedi in their book has also claimed in that the trolls also routinely target Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, Party President Sonia Gandhi, journalists – especially women – and other critics of the Modi government. In the book, Khosla is quoted as saying, “It was a never-ending drip feed of hate and bigotry against the minorities, the Gandhi family, journalists on the hit list, liberals, anyone perceived as anti-Modi.”
“If there was even an unfavourable mention of Modiji anywhere, Gupta's digital tracking tools would pick it up and the pack of hyena-like trolls would descend,” Chaturvedi quotes Khosla in their book. BJP IT Cell head Arvind Gupta's core team managed 20-21 WhatsApp groups, Khosla claimed. These groups were used to send out directions on what should be tweeted.
The former volunteer had left the team because of this rampant harassment strategy of the BJP team. “Every day some new person was a target and they would attack like a swarm of bees with vile sexual innuendoes, slander, rape and death threats … It made me feel suffocated as a woman,” they told the Guardian. Journalists like Barkha Dutt, Rajdeep Sardesai, Student leaders like Kanhaiya Kumar, and Political leaders like Sitaram Yechury have been prime target of this internet army. Most of these trolls are abusive and misogynist.
Online harassment of political leaders, actors, activists and journalists has been the hallmark of the Modi regime. There is a common link between all those who have been trolled. Each one of them questioned the ruling party at the Centre or Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Anyone criticizing or questioning the government has been labeled as anti-national. Leave aside the media team, BJP's Cabinet ministers like Manohar Parrikar had attacked Aamir and Snapdeal . They had said that “I am only trying to point out… If anyone speaks like this, they have to be taught a lesson of their life. Some of our people are very smart, I know. There was a team working on this. They were telling people you order and return it… The company should learn a lesson; they had to pull their advertisement.” This shows the deeply rooted relationship between the abusive social media handles and BJP leadership.
Unfortunately, there has been no legal action on this systematic online harassment. The trolls under the patronage of the ruling BJP are enjoying impunity while critics, rational voices and their integrity is being questioned on day-to-day basis.
A Trump White House, with the stroke of a pen, could reverse the Obama administration's course on the Keystone XL oil pipeline and put the once-shelved project on a fast track to completion.
Analysts said the key to President Obama's rejection of the pipeline last year was a George W. Bush-era executive order giving the State Department a say in energy projects that cross international boundaries. Voiding that executive order would return the decision to energy regulators, who have been far more amenable to Keystone.
“I predict this pipeline will get finished and be in full operation in the next 18 to 24 months,” said Brigham McCown, who served as first acting administrator of the federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration in 2005 and 2006. “Once President Trump says, ‘Make this happen,' I think you'll see the government swing back and make that happen.”
Under a Trump administration, it's likely that little would have to be done in terms of studying Keystone, which would deliver more than 800,000 barrels of oil from Alberta to refineries on the Gulf Coast. The State Department and other federal agencies have conducted an exhaustive analysis of the project.
Among other things, the State Department review concluded that the pipeline would have virtually no impact on climate change because the Canadian fuel likely would find its way to market via other means if Keystone is rejected. Mr. McCown said some additional federal review may be needed, and states through which the pipeline will pass may have to reaffirm specific routes, but by and large, Mr. Trump can make Keystone a reality with relatively little effort.
TransCanada, the company proposing the project, said in a statement last week that it remains committed to Keystone, though officials with the Canadian firm wouldn't say specifically whether they are expecting the next president to approve the project.
Leading oil and gas industry organizations are optimistic that Mr. Trump — who has signaled strong support for U.S. fossil fuels, including coal — will greenlight Keystone quickly.
“Projects like the Keystone XL pipeline will help deliver energy to American consumers and businesses in one of the most efficient ways and with the latest technological advancements,” said Michael Tadeo, a spokesperson for the American Petroleum Institute.
For the outgoing administration, the approval of Keystone would be a blow to the president's legacy on energy and the environment. Coupled with Mr. Trump's pledge to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accords, an approval of Keystone would send a crystal-clear message that American energy and climate policy will go in a different direction over the next four years.
On Keystone, Mr. Obama spent their first six years in office delaying a decision on the project. White House officials have consistently hid behind the seemingly endless State Department review process.
In February 2015, the president vetoed legislation that would have approved the pipeline, saying Republicans in Congress were trying to make an end run around the administration. But even then, Mr. Obama said their veto was not a rejection of Keystone on the merits, and they vowed to make a final decision after the State Department completed its review.
Finally, after one of the most intense environmental public relations campaigns in history, Mr. Obama formally rejected Keystone in November 2015, immediately after the State Department recommended that the project not be approved. The president's decision was more of a big-picture statement on the U.S. commitment to fight climate change rather than any specific objections to Keystone itself. In remarks explaining their rationale, Mr. Obama said other countries were looking to see whether the U.S. would continue investing in fossil fuels.
“America is now a global leader when it comes to taking serious action to fight climate change,” they said in a Nov. 6, 2015, address. “And, frankly, approving this project would have undercut that global leadership.”
Mr. Trump, using the pipeline as an example of their claim that the administration was standing in the way of jobs, made the proposal a centerpiece of their energy pitch to American voters. They highlighted the more than 40,000 jobs that Keystone construction and operation would create — a figure pulled from State Department analyses.
“If I am elected President I will immediately approve the Keystone Xl pipeline. No impact on environment & lots of jobs for U.S.,” Mr. Trump tweeted in August 2015, just weeks after announcing their bid for the White House.
On the technical side of the equation, the 2004 executive order, Mr. McCown said, was meant to establish inside the State Department an office to coordinate all aspects of cross-border pipeline approval, a process that typically spans numerous departments and agencies.
“This current administration has used this same executive order to do the opposite — to delay,” they said. “The only reason the State Department was to have a role was to simply coordinate getting it done. Obviously, they don't have the expertise [on pipelines]. They were just simply there to be the herder of cats, if you will.”
Although they are shaken by the Republican's victory, environmentalists say the clean energy tide is irreversible and Mr. Trump's attempts to breathe new life into oil projects such as Keystone and renewed coal mining ultimately will fail.
“The markets and the American people are moving this nation beyond dirty fuels to clean energy, and Donald Trump can't reverse that tide,” Michael Brune, executive director of the Sierra Club, said last week on the heels of the presidential election.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Ofsted is set to appeal a High Court ruling that gender segregation by an Islamic state school is not discriminatory.
Considering the case of a school inspected by Ofsted, which is referred to only as X, the High Court concluded that "it is unhelpful to say that segregation on the ground of sex is inherently discriminatory."
The court ruled that while "less favourable treatment on the ground of a protected characteristic is inherently discriminatory" without "proof of less favourable treatment" of female students there "is no discrimination at all".
Ofsted had argued that the school was acting unlawfully by making "parallel arrangements" within the same site for pupils based on their gender.
The school was described as "applying a regime of 'complete segregation' for all lessons, breaks, school clubs and trips."
But the judge said that Ofsted's "argument would only be well-founded if it could be established that faith schools in general, and Islamic schools in particular, segregate the sexes because they regard the female gender as inferior, and/or that girls should be separately prepared for a lesser role in society."
There is "no evidence in this case that segregation in a mixed school, still less segregation in an Islamic school, has a greater impact on female pupils".
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw has said they will appeal the judge's conclusions on gender segregation because it was not in the "best educational interests" of children to segregate them.
The school was trying to prevent publication of a very critical Ofsted report, and after the judge's finding that Ofsted's criticism of gender segregation was undue and not inherently discriminatory, the court concluded that the report "cannot be promulgated in its current form."
However other aspects of Ofsted's strong criticism of the school were upheld and the judge said that Ofsted was "entitled to place this institution on 'special measures'."
Ofsted's report also drew attention to "offensive books" "prominently displayed in the library".
The books "included derogatory comments about, and the incitement of violence towards, women".
Discussing the books' content in their ruling, the judge said: "one of the books states that a wife is not allowed to refuse sex to their husband. Another opines that women are commanded to obey their husbands and fulfil their domestic duties. Two books made clear that a husband may in certain circumstances beat their wife, provided that this is not done 'harshly'."
The judge said that "leaders at the School conspicuously failed in allowing these books to enter, or re-enter, the library, and the report's assessment to that effect cannot be impugned."
NSS campaigns director Stephen Evans commented: "It is clear what view the Islamic ethos of the school takes about women from the content of the books. In this instance 'separate but equal' is not equal at all. The segregation of girls and boys is not coincidental."
The judge said that Ofsted had not "laid the groundwork" for an argument that "Islamic schools segregate because their religion (or their interpretation of it) views girls and women as second-class citizens". Had Ofsted done so, "I would have been duty-bound to address the issue."
The ruling said it was not "axiomatic" that separating students by gender was inherently discriminatory.
Ofsted also highlighted "the inadequacy of opportunities to help pupils understand the risks associated with issues such as forced marriage and sexting, and weaknesses in record-keeping in relation to child protection case files."
libsoundio is a lightweight abstraction over various sound drivers. It provides a well-documented API that operates consistently regardless of the sound driver it connects to. It performs no buffering or processing on your behalf; instead exposing the raw power of the underlying backend.
libsoundio is appropriate for games, music players, digital audio workstations, and various utilities.
libsoundio is serious about robustness. It even handles out of memory conditions correctly.
Features & Limitations
Supported operating systems: Linux 3.7+ macOS 10.10+ Windows 7+
Supported backends: JACK PulseAudio ALSA CoreAudio WASAPI Dummy (silence)
Exposes both raw devices and shared devices. Raw devices give you the best performance but prevent other applications from using them. Shared devices are default and usually provide sample rate conversion and format conversion.
Exposes both device id and friendly name. id you could save in a config file because it persists between devices becoming plugged and unplugged, while friendly name is suitable for exposing to users.
Supports optimal usage of each supported backend. The same API does the right thing whether the backend has a fixed buffer size, such as on JACK and CoreAudio, or whether it allows directly managing the buffer, such as on ALSA or PulseAudio.
C library. Depends only on the respective backend API libraries and libc. Does not depend on libstdc++, and does not have exceptions, run-time type information, or setjmp.
Errors are communicated via return codes, not logging to stdio.
Supports channel layouts (also known as channel maps), important for surround sound applications.
Ability to monitor devices and get an event when available devices change.
Ability to get an event when the backend is disconnected, for example when the JACK server or PulseAudio server shuts down.
Detects which input device is default and which output device is default.
Ability to connect to multiple backends at once. For example you could have an ALSA device open and a JACK device open at the same time.
Meticulously checks all return codes and memory allocations and uses meaningful error codes.
Compare libsoundio to: PortAudio, RtAudio, SDL2, or JUCE.
MIT licensed.
Basic Sine Wave Example
#include <soundio/soundio.h> #include <stdio.h> #include <stdlib.h> #include <string.h> #include <math.h> static const float PI = 3.1415926535f; static float seconds_offset = 0.0f; static void write_callback(struct SoundIoOutStream *outstream, int frame_count_min, int frame_count_max) { const struct SoundIoChannelLayout *layout = &outstream->layout; float float_sample_rate = outstream->sample_rate; float seconds_per_frame = 1.0f / float_sample_rate; struct SoundIoChannelArea *areas; int frames_left = frame_count_max; int err; while (frames_left > 0) { int frame_count = frames_left; if ((err = soundio_outstream_begin_write(outstream, &areas, &frame_count))) { fprintf(stderr, "%s
", soundio_strerror(err)); exit(1); } if (!frame_count) break; float pitch = 440.0f; float radians_per_second = pitch * 2.0f * PI; for (int frame = 0; frame < frame_count; frame += 1) { float sample = sin((seconds_offset + frame * seconds_per_frame) * radians_per_second); for (int channel = 0; channel < layout->channel_count; channel += 1) { float *ptr = (float*)(areas[channel].ptr + areas[channel].step * frame); *ptr = sample; } } seconds_offset = fmod(seconds_offset + seconds_per_frame * frame_count, 1.0); if ((err = soundio_outstream_end_write(outstream))) { fprintf(stderr, "%s
", soundio_strerror(err)); exit(1); } frames_left -= frame_count; } } int main(int argc, char **argv) { int err; struct SoundIo *soundio = soundio_create(); if (!soundio) { fprintf(stderr, "out of memory
"); return 1; } if ((err = soundio_connect(soundio))) { fprintf(stderr, "error connecting: %s
", soundio_strerror(err)); return 1; } soundio_flush_events(soundio); int default_out_device_index = soundio_default_output_device_index(soundio); if (default_out_device_index < 0) { fprintf(stderr, "no output device found
"); return 1; } struct SoundIoDevice *device = soundio_get_output_device(soundio, default_out_device_index); if (!device) { fprintf(stderr, "out of memory
"); return 1; } fprintf(stderr, "Output device: %s
", device->name); struct SoundIoOutStream *outstream = soundio_outstream_create(device); if (!outstream) { fprintf(stderr, "out of memory
"); return 1; } outstream->format = SoundIoFormatFloat32NE; outstream->write_callback = write_callback; if ((err = soundio_outstream_open(outstream))) { fprintf(stderr, "unable to open device: %s", soundio_strerror(err)); return 1; } if (outstream->layout_error) fprintf(stderr, "unable to set channel layout: %s
", soundio_strerror(outstream->layout_error)); if ((err = soundio_outstream_start(outstream))) { fprintf(stderr, "unable to start device: %s
", soundio_strerror(err)); return 1; } for (;;) soundio_wait_events(soundio); soundio_outstream_destroy(outstream); soundio_device_unref(device); soundio_destroy(soundio); return 0; }
Releases
2.0.0
Source
Not yet available on libsound.io
Windows Binary
Not yet available on libsound.io
2.0.0 API Documentation
release notes not yet available on libsound.io
1.1.0
Source
libsoundio-1.1.0.tar.gz
Windows Binary
libsoundio-1.1.0.zip
1.1.0 API Documentation
JACK: delete broken pause implementation. Previously, calling soundio_outstream_pause or soundio_instream_pause during the write_callback or read_callback would cause a deadlock. Now, attempting to pause always results in SoundIoErrorBackendIncompatible .
or during the or would cause a deadlock. Now, attempting to pause always results in . PulseAudio: improve latency handling code. It now passes the latency test along with all the other backends.
PulseAudio: fix incorrect outstream software_latency .
. libsoundio source code is now pure C, no C++ mixed in.
ALSA: better device detection. No longer suppress sysdefault. If default and sysdefault are missing, use the first device as the default device.
Workaround for Raspberry Pi driver that incorrectly reports itself as Output when it is actually Input.
ALSA: let alsa lib choose period settings. Fixes behavior with many ALSA devices.
ALSA: fix potential cleanup deadlock.
ALSA: fix crash for devices with null description, thanks to Charles Lehner.
CoreAudio: drop support for macOS 10.9. There was a bug for this system that was never resolved, so it did not work in the first place.
Record example handles device not found and probe errors gracefully.
Fix typo in microphone example, thanks to James Dyson.
Improve documentation.
New functions available: soundio_version_string , soundio_version_major , soundio_version_minor , soundio_version_patch .
, , , . libsoundio source code now builds with MSVC, thanks to Raphaël Londeix.
1.0.3
Source
libsoundio-1.0.3.tar.gz
Windows Binary
libsoundio-1.0.3.zip
1.0.3 API Documentation
Architecture independent header files.
Add --latency and --sample-rate to sine example.
ALSA: fix deadlock under some circumstances.
dummy: fix deadlock when pause called from write_callback .
. Fix double clean-up corruption when opening stream fails.
Add --device and --raw to underflow test.
ALSA: use period size to calculate buffer size, fixes opening output stream sometimes resulting in an error.
1.0.2
Source
libsoundio-1.0.2.tar.gz
Windows Binary
libsoundio-1.0.2.zip
1.0.2 API Documentation
build: fix GNUInstallDirs not working.
docs: fix incorrect docs for soundio_instream_pause .
. PulseAudio: fix soundio_outstream_pause triggering assertion when called from within write_callback .
triggering assertion when called from within . fix mirrored memory not working on Linux (fixes corrupted data in ring buffer).
os: fix crash when creating non high priority thread fails.
docs: fix typos and cleanup.
fix and add test for soundio_device_nearest_sample_rate .
1.0.1
Source
libsoundio-1.0.1.tar.gz
Windows Binary
libsoundio-1.0.1.zip
1.0.1 API Documentation
libsoundio no longer depends on or links against libm.
ALSA: treat ALSA as unavailable when /dev/snd does not exist.
ALSA: remove duplicate assert.
ALSA: remove stray print statement.
ALSA: pausing returns error code when state is invalid instead of reaching assertion failure in pcm.c.
JACK: fix infinite loop when refreshing devices.
PulseAudio: better clear buffer implementation.
dummy backend: fix sometimes calling write_callback with frame_count_max equal to 0.
with equal to 0. os: fix some variables accidentally not declared static.
macOS: fix not cleaning up condition variables.
macOS: avoid allocation when getting time.
docs: note that read_callback and write_callback must be real time safe.
and must be real time safe. docs: record example demonstrates proper real time safety by not calling fwrite in read_callback .
. docs: add note to record example about shutting down.
docs: make microphone example latency a command line argument.
build: fix build on linux with clang.
build: static libs, examples, and tests are optional.
1.0.0
Source
libsoundio-1.0.0.tar.gz
Windows Binary
libsoundio-1.0.0.zip
1.0.0 API Documentation
Initial public release.
Projects Using libsoundio
About
The primary developer of libsoundio is Andrew Kelley, who can be found on GitHub. Consider donating $1 per month.
You might have noticed that I was at the Tower of London recently. Well, while I was there I got chatting to a couple of lovely people who work at Historic Royal Palaces about the famous feathered residents of the Tower, the Ravens.
An attempted murder?
Now, we all know the legend that if the six resident ravens abandoned their Thameside fortress, both the Tower and the Kingdom would fall. (Fun fact: although there are six official Ravens, there are always a few kept waiting in the er.. wings, so to speak. Just in case).
No one is entirely sure how or when this legend began, but the historians at HRP are fairly certain that it was Charles II who insisted upon the ravens being cared for. Looking after the ravens is actually a proper job at the Tower, and you can find out what the Raven Keeper gets up to in this blog.
What fascinated me was discovering that some ravens had been expelled from the Tower for “Conduct Unbecoming”. Naturally I had to find out more. How did these birds transgress? What happened to them? I like to think that there's a colony of angry and embittered corvids tucked away in a shadowy lair, plotting their return to the Tower.
Hang on, I think there's a children's book in that…
In 1986, there was George, who – according to the Tower “developed an unhealthy taste for TV aerials.” They received their marching orders, which read as follows:
“On Saturday, 13th September 1986, Raven George, enlisted 1975, was posted to the Welsh Mountain Zoo. Conduct unsatisfactory, services therefore no longer required.”
More mysteriously, the 1990s saw a double-dismissal:
“On Thursday, 4th May, having spent the past few months in close arrest…for conduct unbecoming Tower residents, Ravens Hugine and Jackie were removed from the Tower establishment. Services no longer required”.
The redaction in the dismissal is most suspicious, non?
Most of the Ravens take their duties as protectors of the realm very seriously, but every now and then the pressure of maintaining the status quo can take their toll. It's no surprise that when Grog escaped in 1981 they were spotted at a pub in the East End (cor blimey Guv'nur, a right proper cockney boozer) called The Rose and Punchbowl.
I'm sure there are more stories about the Ravens out there, but the ones I've found have been utterly entrancing.
Makers of vodka, watches and luxury cars are promising to help Detroit in exchange for its grit, authenticity and brand potential
It's Friday night in the heart of Detroit at the Red Bull House of Art, a 14,000-square-foot underground art gallery carved out of the basement of a 19th century brewery. Thousands of the young, the chic and the smart have gathered to celebrate a new cycle of local artists' work. DJ Erika is spinning, champagne is flowing. Outside, a line of people hoping to enter winds around the block.
Christopher Stevens, a good-looking 29-year-old car designer from California, is the host of the hottest after-party, in their loft above the brewery's back stairs. In the middle of the room casually rest two of their motorbikes, with a piano in one corner. Darko, the resident pit bull puppy, darts in between guests from one end of the room to the other.
“I love Detroit,” Stevens says, after declaring how depressing they find the idea of suburbs. “Detroit is full of heritage and history. I came for its grittiness. It's full of culture – old Americana culture.”
To Kirk Cheyfitz, CEO of New York-based advertising firm Story Worldwide, and a former Detroit Free Press award-winning reporter, companies coming to the Motor City for branding are “wrapping themselves around a mythology that is outlaw”.
“It is a safe way to be appealing to young people all over the country who embrace those kinds of feelings – of wanting to be outside of the mainstream while actually defining the mainstream,” Cheyfitz says.
Those wanting to live on the edge in Detroit might walk just a couple of blocks north-east of the Red Bull House of Art. There, after a bitterly cold winter, a few squatters have moved back into the tagged, abandoned buildings surrounding a former industrial railroad. The crumbling, urban ruins are just part of the landscape in a city where an estimated 78,000 structures are no longer formally occupied. Crime is part of that landscape; police chief James Craig went on record this year telling “good Detroiters” to arm themselves with guns against criminals and home intruders. It's a city where the homicide rate continued to take number one spot ahead of other large American cities in 2013, including Chicago. The median household income in Detroit was just $23,600 a year in 2012.
Detroit's once glorious and now decrepit Michigan Theatre has been saved from the wrecking ball by being transformed into a car park. Photograph: Mira Oberman AFP/Getty Images
Yet, to an advertiser's eye, Detroit is cool. Gritty. Tough. Resilient. Authentic in its struggle. True in its American spirit of hard, honest work, ruins and all.
That's where it gets uncomfortable for Detroit, The Brand. Detroit, the American phoenix rising from the economic ashes, is sitting on a valuable natural resource: street cred. This has not escaped the notice of profit-driven companies see the city's rebirth as a chance to brand themselves and sell authenticity.
The airwaves and billboards are plastered with ads from Chrysler (a Detroit native), Redbull (from Austria), new vodka brand from the giant French Pernod Ricard group, Our/Vodka, and luxury watch and bicycle company Shinola. They present a romantic, nostalgic take on grit – a highly effective spin, which presents poverty and urban decay as cool. The nostalgia element is all the more evident in that ads by Shinola, Redbull and Our/Vodka are often filmed in black and white.
Shinola's spot features bike riders and a beautiful, blonde, white female model hugging a (presumably local) young, black girl. Redbull's spot aired during this year's Grammy Awards features local artist Tylonn Sawyer telling a compelling story of beauty and resilience. Our/Vodka's launching ad includes Detroit's beautiful, eerie, abandoned Michigan Central Station, stating the brand is rooted in “people” and “community”.
These are brands that Detroiters, even the hip newcomers, likely can't afford. It's hard to imagine that many in Detroit could afford a $1,950 bicycle or a $900 watch, irrespective of whether or not the latter now comes with a lifetime warranty.
The city's poor would not be able to afford it anyway
Our/Vodka, a new micro-distilled vodka brand currently being launched by French alcohol giant Pernod Ricard, is actually seeking to invest in the people of Detroit, its CEO and global brand manager Åsa Caap, says. Caap, who “fell in love” with the city when they first visited it, says they have been approached by other foreign companies curious to know whether investing in Detroit has been a positive experience. They have always said yes.
Our/Vodka's business model is to be a global brand with local roots, the name changing according to the city it is being housed out of: in Detroit, it will be known as “Our/Detroit”. Three local partners who have been taken on to manage the distillery and bar where the vodka will be made and produced will retain 20% of profits.
Standing in the building where the/Detroit distillery and bar will open this summer, near the famous abandoned Michigan train station, Caap says they realized bringing vodka to a city facing such socioeconomic woes could be seen as a problematic temptation, but they were reassured that the high prices of the vodka their team was introducing meant that many of the city's poor would not be able to afford it anyway.
Nostalgia taken centre stage in Chrysler ads and Detroit's rebranding. Photograph: Nathan Benn/ Nathan Benn/Ottochrome/Corbis
It was Chrysler that kicked off the vogue for Detroit nostalgia. Kicking off the trend in 2011 was Chrysler's Super Bowl “Born of Fire” ad featuring Eminem. The unapologetic commercial, featuring sleek new cars, did not seek to cover up the city's collapse. Instead, it embraced it.
“What does a town that's been to hell and back know about the finer things in life?” The spot's male voiceover asked. The answer came back as hopeful as it was tough. “It's the hottest fires that make the hardest steel.”
In post-recession America, and with Chrysler itself just coming back from the dead after a government bailout, the Detroit-centric narrative was gripping, and proved a huge sales success. Detroit the city has been at the center of Chrysler publicity ever since.
'Detroit is a brand unto itself'
“In this day and age, it becomes important for brands to make sure they tell an authentic story,” says Detavio Samuels, Detroit president of Glabalhue, the advertising firm behind this year's Chrysler Super Bowl ad featuring Bob Dylan as well as the city of Detroit at its core. Samuels says audiences are hungry for transparency after decades of spin.
“People are looking for values that corporations have that they can connect to,” Samuels says.
For Shinola, a new brand of old-fashioned luxury watches and bikes, which opened flagship stores in Detroit's Midtown, as well as New York's Tribeca in the summer of 2013, choosing to place headquarters and assembling activities within the eight-mile confines of the city of Detroit was fundamental to the company's makeup and branding strategy.
Steve Bock, Shinola's CEO, who spends a majority of their time working out of the Motor City, says Detroit is a globally recognized “brand unto itself”. And the recognition is not due to its status as America's largest city ever to go bankrupt. Far from it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Globalhue's ad featuring Bob Dylan and Detroit.
“It's a city that is built on heavy manufacturing and the automobile industry. There is that face, there is that history and that heritage.”
Shinola's three-pronged marketing campaign has focused on (mostly Detroit-based) American workers, the city as a brand and quality craftsmanship. Out of 300 or so current employees, Shinola says it currently employs around 200 in Detroit, with new recruits ongoing.
As it stands, Shinola's strategy has paid off. According to its own data, it generated $20m in sales in its first six months of business, with revenue expected to reach $100m in 2017.
While Bock remains humble about the company's impact on the city's economic affairs, they declare that Shinola sees itself as “a small part of what we think will be a great future for the city”.
But if the brands are using Detroit and its communities to brand themselves, how rooted are they really – especially if their products are aimed at projecting an image of saving Detroit's people rather than serving them?
The idea of saving Detroit does not just carry a socioeconomic connotation to it, it also carries a deeply racial one, recalling a painful, segregation-burdened past. White populations once fled the city, but are now coming back where they see opportunity. After decades of white flight, Detroit today is 82.7% African American, with many of its surrounding suburbs overwhelmingly white and starkly richer. Grosse Pointe, which stands just to the east of the city limits, is 93% white with a median household income of $103,867.
As much as outside investment and an alternative narrative are needed to get the city back on its feet – and raise its desperately low tax base – some argue companies using the city's brand may be getting more out of it than they are giving back.
A vacant home in an east side neighbourhood of Detroit. Photograph: Rebecca Cook/Reuters
“The economic impact of the Detroit brand on the material conditions of the residents of the city is limited at best,” says Bruce Pietrykowski, a professor in economics at the University of Michigan, who specializes in labor, industrial relations and urban political economy.
“What is important to mention is the way in which profit-making ventures – in some cases the very manufacturing firms that devastated the local economy – seek to exploit the image of de-industrialization, rebrand it as grit and determination, and use it to sell products at a mark-up.”
Indeed, while Shinola's marketing explicitly evokes a time when industries produced their goods at home, when skilled, manufacturing, often unionized jobs presented solid pathways to the middle class – those times, along with America's economic structures, have most certainly, and irrevocably changed. Shinola jobs are non-union, and starting salaries average around “$12 or $13 an hour” according to Bock, way above the minimum wage, but certainly not in the same bracket as the middle-class, Ford-type union protected jobs the company is trying to evoke through marketing.
To great fanfare this March, Shinola donated four giant $12,000 clocks to the city, scattering them around select Detroit neighborhoods. It only took a few hours for reports to emerge that one of them had been tagged. And while Shinola was swift to send a team out to repaint, the act of vandalism seemed to briefly speak to strange, and sometimes tense times in the Motor City.
The Rimac Concept_One from Croatian automaker Rimac Automobili accelerates from zero to 60 mph in 2.6 seconds. (Rimac Automobili)
Move over Tesla. A new option has emerged for the driver who craves an absurdly fast electric car — the Concept_One from Croatian automaker Rimac Automobili.
The Concept_One accelerates from zero to 60 mph in 2.6 seconds. It reaches 120 mph in 6.2 seconds and has a top speed of 221 mph. Quite simply, it will leave a Tesla in the dust.
Rimac will only be making eight copies of the Concept_One.(Rimac Automobilli)
The car isn't just fast. A quick look at the Concept_One gives away the fine craftsmanship. No parts in the interior are plastic. Rimac opted for carbon, aluminum and alcantara, a high-end fabric found in yachts and Formula 1 cars.
[Faraday Future wants to shake up the car industry. So why did it release a Batmobile?]
Rimac hails its new creation as the super car of the 21st century. There's just one problem — we have a very suspect definition of what a “super car” really is.
The Concept_One caters to the wealthiest of the wealthy. It'll cost you about $933,000 before taxes, and only eight will be made. What's so super about that? The positive impact will be felt in an extremely small slice of society.
The Concept_One emerges not long after Faraday Future released its own electric super car, boasting 1,000 horsepower. (No price was mentioned — so count on it being expensive.)
The Concept_One goes from 0-60 in 2.6 seconds. (Rimac Automobilli)
While the speed of these vehicles is impressive, these automakers are solving a minor problem and ignoring a massive one. Slightly better acceleration is nice, but is that really the part of your driving experience that needs to be improved?
The typical urban auto commuter spends 42 hours stuck in traffic, a figure that has doubled since the 1980s. Commutes are getting increasingly longer, according to U.S. Census data. These so-called super cars do nothing to address that growing problem. A car with a top speed of 221 mph goes just as fast as every other vehicle stuck in a traffic jam or at a red light. Tesla is promising a $35,000 vehicle this year, but even it will have to face congestion.
If there was an affordable vehicle cleverly built to get us safely to our destination without sitting in traffic, now that would be super.
Related: Hate your commute? It's going to get even worse.
The organization that attempted to take a urine sample from Jose Aldo last month only for its representative to get in trouble with Brazilian authorities is saying it did nothing wrong.
Drug Free Sport sent Ben Mosier to Rio de Janeiro to conduct a urine test on Aldo, the UFC featherweight champion, on June 11 on behalf of the Nevada Athletic Commission (NAC). When Mosier arrived at Aldo's Nova Uniao gym a, Aldo's coach Andre Pederneiras phoned police and the Brazilian MMA Commission (CABMMA).
Aldo complied with the urine test, but the sample was thrown out when authorities determined that Mosier did not have the correct work visa to conduct business in Brazil. Aldo was tested the next day by a collector accredited by WADA alongside a CABMMA official. The sample was sent to WADA-accredited Sports Medicine Research & Testing Laboratory in Salt Lake City
In a statement issued by Drug Free Sport COO Chris Guinty on Friday, the organization is denying any wrongdoing or unethical behavior.
In early June 2015, Drug Free Sport was engaged by the Nevada State Athletic Commission ("NSAC") to conduct a single urine test for an athlete in Brazil. Drug Free Sport's preparation and execution of the testing event in Brazil complied with ethical best practices in anti-doping collections. Proper work visa applications detailing Drug Free Sport's job functions were submitted to the Brazilian Consulate in Chicago, Illinois on June 18, 2012, and a ten year work visa was issued by the Consulate and relied upon by the Drug Free Sport collector in subsequent testing events. Drug Free Sport does not comment on client program specifics related to any collection event, but the NSAC, the UFC and Drug Free Sport were diligent in their effort to ensure a fair and ethical collection event in Brazil.
Aldo has since pulled out of their main event fight against Conor McGregor at UFC 189 due to a broken rib.
NAC executive director Bob Bennett told MMAFighting.com that Aldo's drug test would only become public record if they failed. If Aldo did fail, the commission would have to notify the fighter and the UFC first before fulfilling a public records request by media, Bennett said. A public records request by MMAFighting.com is still pending, though Bennett speculated last week that if Aldo had indeed failed it would have been known already.
Bennett would not comment on whether or not Chad Mendes, McGregor's new opponent, would be tested out of competition.
The National Center for Drug Free Sport partners with organizations worldwide to provide third-party drug testing and other drug prevention initiatives. Drug Free Sport does not test itself, but works with WADA accredited labs for sample analysis.
The Obama administration acknowledged Monday that the FBI found at least 14,900 more email messages former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton never turned over to the government, and officials are facing intense pressure to release them ahead of November's election.
A federal judge ordered the State Department to speed up the process, and the Republican National Committee said the administration should strive to release an initial set of the secret emails within a month, or when the first states conduct early voting.
The existence of the emails marks yet more trouble for Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, who insisted they turned over all of their work-related messages in December 2014.
SEE ALSO: Clinton Foundation asked Huma Abedin for favors at State Dept.
Rep. Lamar Smith, Texas Republican and chairperson of the House Science, Space and Technology Committee, issued subpoenas Monday demanding answers from three technology companies that helped set up or maintain Mrs. Clinton's unique email arrangement and demanding to know what kind of security they took to prevent hacks.
Another part of Mrs. Clinton's email story — that former Secretary Colin L. Powell gave them the idea of using a secret account — also crumbled after Mr. Powell disputed it. They said they sent Mrs. Clinton a memo a year after they took office, meaning they couldn't have been relying on their suggestion.
“Her people have been trying to pin it on me,” Mr. Powell said, according to the New York Post and People magazine, who caught up with them at a social function in New York over the weekend.
Mrs. Clinton refused to use an official State Department email account during their four years in office. Instead, they conducted all of their business, including sending classified emails, from an account tied to a server they kept at their New York home. That arrangement effectively thwarted open-records laws and shielded their communications from the public for more than six years.
State Department officials said they would try to work through the newly discovered messages as quickly as possible, but their initial timeline meant the first disclosure wouldn't be until the middle of October.
Judge James E. Boasberg rejected that estimate Monday and ordered a faster schedule, saying the State Department has one month to appraise the first 14,900 emails and must report back by Sept. 23 on how it will release them.
Some critics fear the Obama administration may try to slow the process and push the release of most of the messages past the November election.
“If they wanted the records out quickly, they'd be out quickly. If they don't want the records out quickly, they'll let politics intrude on the process and the American people won't see them until Election Day,” said Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch, which sued to get a look at all of Mrs. Clinton's emails.
State Department spokesperson Mark Toner couldn't explain why the nearly 15,000 messages were coming to light now, after Mrs. Clinton assured federal judges that they had turned over all of their work-related messages.
The 14,900 messages are on one disk in a set of eight that the FBI turned over to the State Department last month, after the law enforcement agency completed a yearlong probe into Mrs. Clinton's emails.
Among the other seven disks are one containing what has been described as “classified” material and another containing the 30,000 or so messages Mrs. Clinton did turn back to the Obama administration in December 2014. The contents of the remaining five disks are unclear, though the Obama administration says the set contains a lot of emails.
“There are tens of thousands,” Lisa A. Olson, a Justice Department lawyer handling the case for the State Department, told Judge Boasberg.
For now, the first disk is the focus of Judicial Watch, the State Department and the judge, because all 14,900 of its emails are among those Mrs. Clinton didn't turn over. Some of them may be personal — the messages about their yoga schedule or their daughter's wedding plans — that Mrs. Clinton mentioned last year.
But FBI Director James B. Comey also has said thousands are work-related. They were obtained from Mrs. Clinton's server and various email devices they used.
The State Department said it will finish “ingesting” all eight disks' contents this week and then will appraise the contents. After that, it will know the total number of documents and have a general idea of what is on them, and then it must process them, redacting private or protected information and asking other agencies to weigh in on potentially classified material.
Ms. Olson originally said the State Department would have an update in October and begin releasing documents on Oct. 14, with releases to follow-on Oct. 21, Oct. 28 and Nov. 4 — each of the Fridays preceding the Nov. 8 election. The releases would likely continue well after the election.
Judge Boasberg, though, said the department can work faster by focusing on the first disk's emails. They said they will set a schedule when they meet next month.
The Republican National Committee insisted that the schedule be expedited so the first emails are released as early voting begins in the states near the end of September. It said all of the messages should be released before Election Day.
It's unclear what sort of information will be found on the newly discovered emails or whether any of them contain classified information.
The FBI concluded that Mrs. Clinton was negligent in handling classified information on their server but doubted a criminal case could be made because the former senator, first lady and top diplomat was not “sophisticated” enough to understand the information they were looking at or the risks they were running with the technology.
Mr. Smith, the science committee chairperson, issued subpoenas Monday to three tech companies that helped with Mrs. Clinton's email. They said the companies were defying their requests for information.
The companies were Datto, Inc., which handled the backup of Mrs. Clinton's server; Secnap Network Security Corp., which sold a threat monitoring application for Mrs. Clinton's server after they left the State Department; and Platte River Networks, which helped run the server.
Mr. Smith said Secnap and Datto refused to cooperate voluntarily, insisting they needed permission of their client first. Meanwhile the attorney for Platte River ducked attempts to communicate with him, Mr. Smith said.
Rep. Donald S. Beyer Jr., a Virginia Democrat who serves on the science committee, called the subpoenas “a wasteful use of taxpayer dollars … for blatantly partisan purposes.”
Spread the love
When I was a child, I remember taking walks with my mother to the library to pick out a book or two. If I was lucky, and I was on good behavior, the librarian sometimes allowed me to take out three books from the library. As I grew older in school, I learned about the Dewy Decimal System, and how to find a book by using a library catalog. When I began college about ten years ago, there were floors and floors of somewhat outdated books on the shelves, and although I did not quickly find what I needed, there were books everywhere.
What I did not know then was that even ten years ago, the future of libraries had begun to change. I completed the majority of my research online, and I found myself meeting in the library with classmates to research needed information for group projects. Shortly after I graduated from, my university announced it would be completely renovating the library in order to create a more technology-centered library with an increase in spaces for group work.
What I did not know then was that even ten years ago, the future of libraries had begun to change. I completed the majority of my research online, and I found myself meeting in the library with classmates to research needed information for group projects. Shortly after I graduated from, my university announced it would be completely renovating the library in order to create a more technology-centered library with an increase in spaces for group work.
What Has Changed in Just the last Five to Ten Years?
All over the globe libraries have become, and are continuing to become places where learners meet, gather, and collaborate. Gone are the times when learners sat individually at tables and were told “be quiet” because they are being too loud. Although there may be space reserved for individual study, now the majority of new and renovated libraries are featuring collaboration spaces for students. Some libraries have even begun to include juice bars or mini cafes to encourage student collaboration. Group workstations are developing, and large open spaces with wide tables and laptops are becoming the norm, rather than the exception.
What Does the Future of Libraries Look Like?
Although printed books still play a critical role in the learning process and in libraries, libraries are becoming spaces that are more focused on the availability of technology, access to online libraries and resources, as well as e-books. Instead of ordering a book from your university library, and waiting for it come from another university, students can request materials online from enormous online university databases. Libraries are becoming furnished with armchairs and iPads. While students are studying in the library, iPads can be “checked out” for individual student use and research. iPads may have numbers or codes on them, just like books.
The Makerspace Movement
In addition to libraries transforming into technology centers with readily accessible iPads and laptops, modern libraries are including what are called “Makerspaces.” Makerspaces are learning centers, that can be as simple as a station with Legos for young learners to creative, invent, and build, or can even be as complex as workshops and stations for various crafts and tradespersons. Makerspaces can even be full and complete labs equipped with 3D printers, laser cutters, and or power and hand tools.
Makerspaces can contain work stations equipped with tools for any trade such as artists, seamstresses, engineers, computer programmers, computer hackers, painters, woodworkers, graphic designers, and more. These stations are becoming popular in new and modern libraries, as libraries become places of cooperation and teamwork, and are falling away from the traditional idea that libraries are quiet places for individual silent work only. Libraries are becoming learning commons for all ages, for artisans, for students, for families, and for all who wish to access the new world of Makerspaces and online learning.
What Is the Future Environment of Libraries?
Due to a shift in pedagogy and new education methods, as well the steady and fast increase in accessibility to modern-day technology, even the environment of the future library is being altered. The present and future of libraries not only include laptops and high-speed internet, but also rooms with whiteboard paint and chalkboard paint and large glass windows to allow sunlight to stream into studies spaces. As we march through the 21st Century, the century of technology, MOOCs, numbered iPads, and SmartBoards are quickly becoming standard in many libraries. Some libraries are including even Apple TV's and other devices that we would never have found in a library, just 15 years ago.
What Are Some Concerns Regarding the Future of Libraries and Learning?
Some altruistic librarians are clutching their hardback books, and Dewy Decimal System in their hands, as books are becoming less popular in modern libraries. Physical books are being replaced by study spaces, Makerspaces, and computer labs. Although many if not all libraries still hold books on their shelves, the future of libraries is unknown. Will there always be physical books on the shelves of libraries in the year 2050? Maybe. Maybe not. Although there is a danger in books disappearing from libraries altogether, advances in technology are making it more possible to spread information and knowledge at an ever-increasing pace.
They're among us. And their numbers are growing. They are the maker culture.
These do-it-yourself 3D printing aficionados are frequently found working busily in their makerspaces. These workspaces dedicated to creation might contain many interesting gadgets and tools, like the Stratasys (NASDAQ:SSYS) MakerBot, Autodesk's 3D modeling software, or 3D Systems' new Sense.
Makers, more than anyone, realize their space will likely evolve over time. Especially one maker in Colorado: David Hartkop, creator of the just-unveiled Mini Metal Maker.
Hartkop believes the new invention will fit right into to the maker culture, filling an obvious void that finally gives the craft and maker community a way to print metal objects in smaller spaces.
What's Hartkop's target market price for the new 3D printer? Just $500.
Sure, the Mini Metal Maker is still a work in progress. But it may also be a first step of many in a new direction for do-it-yourself 3D printing.
An exclusive look
Curious about Hartkop's invention (and as a Colorado resident myself), I traveled down to Pueblo, Colo., to meet with Hartkop and get my hands on the new printer.
So, what exactly is the Mini Metal Maker? And what makes it unique? Hartkop explains.
Still in the prototype stages, Hartkop says they are only scratching the surface with their invention, and fully intends to see their creation through to market. On their just-launched Indiegogo campaign Hartkop said the "Mini Metal Maker is a game-changer in the world of do-it-yourself 3-D printing."
The creator
Who is David Hartkop? Their resume is as interesting as their creation. With a degree in film from Loyola Marymount University, Hartkop has dabbled in film and special effects, even working on effects in videos that featured xZibit, Eminem, BoneThugs, and Nelly. They have also designed the world's first solar-powered coffee roasting system and went on to co-found Solar Roast Coffee with their brother Mike. Today, beyond their work over at the just-franchised Solar Roast, they also work part-time for the Pueblo City-County Library district.
As it turns out, the Pueblo library is home to one of Stratasys' MakerBots, which prints 3D plastic objects. Hartkop actually used the MakerBot to help them print some of the pieces necessary for the original prototype of the Mini Metal Maker. MakerBot, in fact, can take the credit for much of Hartkop's inspiration to create the Mini Metal Maker.
The details
The Mini Metal Maker uses metal clay as inputs. Once the metal clay is printed, and after "these clay objects air-dry, they are fired in a kiln to produce beautiful solid metal objects of high purity and precision," Hartkop explained on their Indiegogo campaign site.
For those not familiar with metal clay and its capabilities, Hartkop elaborated on its properties:
The metal clay suppliers state in the info about their clay that once it is fired, the appropriate stamp for metal purity is '.999' or 99.9% pure. This mostly applies to use with high value fine metals like gold and silver, but is a good indicator of how pure the metal left behind is, once you fire metal clay objects.
So once the kiln process is complete, the end result of the 3D printer's output is a very durable metal object built to a specified digital file's standard.
As some hobbyists familiar with metal clay might point out, it's also possible to use the lost wax method to make metal objects if you are going to be using a kiln anyway. But, as Hartkop explained to me, the lost wax method is more complex:
Attach sprues (small wax stems) Cast in plaster-like material, let dry Wax burn-out in kiln Cast metal (with torch, crucible, and centrifuge) Cast removal Sprue removal (with saw and wire cutters) Clean up (with a file and dentist tools) Surface finish
Using the Mini Metal Maker, the process is much shorter:
Print metal clay Clean up Fire in kiln Clean up and surface finish
That said, the kiln process is probably the biggest drawback to the Mini Metal Maker's approach to printing metal at home. Sure, the process of making metal at home is shorter with the Mini Metal Maker. But Mini Metal Maker owners will be required to have a kiln to fire the printed clay.
Another challenge Hartkop listed will be getting the software to account for the shrinkages that occur in metal clay when it is fired. Different forms of clay have different levels of shrinkages. The software will have to adjust the print of the clay to account for the shrinkage that will occur when the clay is fired.
What kind of objects could be printed with the printer?
Is the Mini Metal Maker safe for at home use? Hartkop says it is.
Just how accurate is the Mini Metal Maker? Hartkop believes they can get extrusion precision down to 200 microns -- an ambitious undertaking, considering how close it is to the popular MakerBot resolution capability of 100 microns.
What's next for the Mini Metal Maker?
As seen on their Indiegogo campaign, Hartkop has laid out some ambitious next steps to take when they get the required fundraising:
Refine the metal clay recipe for each of five different clay types: Copper, Bronze, Steel, Silver & Gold. Refine our high-pressure extruder design. We currently have a reliable extrusion trace at around 0.5mm but believe this can be reduced to 200 microns. Add a second print head for use with additional metal clays or support material. Optimize the integrated motor carriage design so that it can be easily printed on low-cost printers such as the Makerbot and RepRap. Refine custom firmware for the printer to further optimize printing for clay. Create the Mini Metal Forge software environment in order to foster a good user experience, particularly for the non-technical craftsperson. Work with industrial partners to tool up for production of the machine with injection molding.
To wrap things up, I asked David to give me a 10,000-foot view of their long-term goals for the Mini Metal Maker. They didn't hold back.
In the Mini Metal Maker, Hartkop has opened the door to a missing link in do-it-yourself 3D printing: metal. I think their device has huge potential.
Will it challenge existing 3D printing products (like the MakerBot) that are already popular in the do-it-yourself crowd? Not at all -- it's simply too different. But there's no reason a polished prototype selling for just $500 couldn't earn a spot right along with existing do-it-yourself 3D printers. As Hartkop explained to me, it's not a matter of one or the other; the Mini Metal Maker is a unique addition to existing do-it-yourself 3D printing technologies.
Going from prototype to finished product won't be easy. Particularly, Hartkop suggests that developing user friendly software and refining the nozzle and printing technology to get extrusion down to 200 microns will be a challenge. On the other hand, they feel confident they will be able to address these issues.
It's tough to say whether Hartkop will succeed in bringing their new 3D printer to market. But that isn't stopping the Indiegogo crowd that has nearly funded their entire project in less than a week after Hartkop's campaign launched. With 41 days left in the campaign, Harktop will likely raise far more funding than they set out to get.
One thing is for sure: The Mini Metal Maker is a step in a new direction for 3D printing.
"Welcome to the metal age of do-it-yourself 3D printing," Hartkop boldly proclaimed during the video posted on their Indiegogo campaign site.
The Telegraph is reporting that Thorsten Heins, CEO of RIM, has said that the company plans to license outs its new BB10 operating system to other hardware manufacturers when it's launched, taking a lead from Android to make itself relevant again.
Speaking to the Telegraph, Heins explains that RIM's future could lie not in producing handsets, but supplying a software platform to the customers that still want it:
"We don't have the economy of scale to compete against the guys who crank out 60 handsets a year. We have to differentiate and have a focused platform. To deliver BB10 we may need to look at licensing it to someone who can do this at a way better cost proposition than I can do it. There are different options we could do that we're currently investigating. "You could think about us building a reference system, and then basically licensing that reference design, have others build the hardware around it – either it's a BlackBerry or it's something else being built on the BlackBerry platform."
Advertisement
Well now. While on occasion Thorsten has seemed a little delusional, there could be something in this idea. It's broadly accepted that, while RIM doesn't seem to be performing too well as a whole, it's has some valuable innards that could become profitable if the company was carved up. Licensing out BB10 is probably just one idea, from a range that Heins and co are considering.
The licenses wouldn't be free—unlike the model Google uses with Android. But the concern is whether hardware manufacturers would be interested in working with BB10, and also whether anybody would buy a RIM-powered device from the likes of Sony or Samsung. At this stage, though, maybe those are risks worth taking. [Telegraph]
The British media, led by the tabloids, have decided that a brief panic over a fistfight in Oxford Street should become the focus of a discussion about terrorism whereas the 235 people killed in an attack on a mosque in Egypt was just an anodyne event.
As several outlets of the British media began an introspective examination of their own role in spreading fear, few even mentioned the car bomb in a North Sinai mosque that was followed by a savage attack by 20 terrorists armed with machine guns.
Simon Williams, newsroom editor at the Daily Mail, explained that their paper's editorial choices were a function of the readership's knowledge.
“Everybody knows Oxford Street. Many have been there on a trip to the West End before catching a musical. But ISIS attacking a mosque wouldn't fit into the Muslims versus Us narrative we have been carefully spoonfeeding them.
“Plus they would have to know what's going in the Middle East. That, in turn, would force them to learn about the complex web of nationalist, sectarians and religious armed groups whose nebulous history goes back past the days of pan-Arabism and has roots in the Ottoman Vilayets.
“That's heady stuff, whereas early Christmas shopping is something all the family can relate to.”
Social media was also keen to ignore the terrorist atrocity whose body count dwarfed anything that ever happened in the UK.
Easily shrugging off the violent death of hundreds of brown people, most keyboard warriors were furiously debating whether to chastise convicted felon Tommy Robinson for spreading panic or deny them the attention that validates their utterly pointless existence.
Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn
Short-term rentals have become more popular recently, especially with myriad companies like Airbnb cropping up to ease the process for willing subletters. Because a resident has brought the issue to the board's attention, there is no time like the present for your condominium to figure out where it stands on the touchy subject.
“People are renting apartments for two, three or four days and then a new group comes in; people are coming down to the front desk asking for towels,” said Dennis H. Greenstein, the co-chairperson of the New York State Bar Association Committee on Condominiums and Cooperatives. “We're seeing more of it in the last year than I've seen ever.”
You are correct to point to the Multiple Dwelling Law as a reason for pause, because even if your bylaws permit short-term rentals, they still must comply with state law. Consult with the building's lawyer to see what tools the board has at its disposal — as your existing rules might be enough to keep this from happening. Depending on the circumstances, you might be able to exercise your right of first refusal. Sometimes, just sending out a letter to unit owners reminding them about existing rules — and any penalties — is enough to curb the practice (and shut down other impromptu bed-and-breakfast operators before they open).
“It's really up to the board to clearly define what the parameters are for leasing in a condo building,” said Dan Wurtzel, president of FirstService Residential New York, a property management firm.
If the board wanted to add a rule restricting renting to, say, one year, the measure would need approval from a supermajority of unit owners and common interests. And, because we already know of at least one unit owner who would not get your vote, there might be others waiting in the wings.
Scheduling an Open House
I am a market-rate tenant in a co-op building and will soon vacate the apartment. I have a great relationship with my landlord, who has listed the apartment for sale. The broker and I agreed the apartment could be shown twice a week while I am at work with 24 hours' notice, and open houses could be held with sufficient warning and my consent. However, the broker placed an advertisement for an open house at an inconvenient time for me, without my knowledge. Needless to say, I am frustrated. I believe this goes beyond the reasonable access provisions outlined in my lease and infringes upon my right to enjoy a quiet Sunday afternoon at home. What are my rights?
Homemade bacon is so much better than anything you can buy and with the proper tools it is not only easy to make but you can create unlimited flavor variations. We want to make it easy for everyone who is serious about getting away from industrial processed food to get back to real food starting with bacon. To accomplish that goal we put together the Making Bacon at Home Kit that overcomes all the obstacles to making homemade bacon by providing all the information, the cure and most importantly a beautiful made in the USA handcrafted bamboo slicing guide that efficiently and effectively allows you to remove the rind from a fresh pork belly;
Slicing the rind off a slab of pork belly
and slice cured bacon into thick or thin slices without mutilating your bacon.
Making clean even slices of your homeade bacon
The whole process take just minutes of work and one week of waiting.Once we had completed the design of the bacon slicing guide we were advised by many people that if we wanted to make it widely available we should go to China and have it made from molded plastic. Instead we chose to partner with a local craftsman and the result is a gorgeous, beautiful made in the USA handcrafted bamboo slicing guide.
Handcrafter Bamboo Slicing Guide
The challenge now is to make this available to as many people as possible for an affordable price. In order to accomplish that goal we need to build the manufacturing, marketing and packaging capacity to produce enough high quality products to be able to let everyone who loves bacon to easily and confidently produce delicious homemade bacon.
Delicious Homemade Bacon
Ember It's not like it's cool that you nearly became a lord all by yourself. Yeah, and it's not like I've never been beaten by a girl before. Wait...Ember I bet you have! Ugh, you're so annoying!Ember YOU'RE so annoying! ...Ember ... Hey guys, what's going on over h-Ember WE'RE CLEARLY FIGHTING! YEAH! Um... Are you touching toes?Ember + ...I'm gonna go now... GOOD, you BETTER go, you idiot!Ember Yeah, BAKA!(I could write this dialogue all day, no wonder tsundere characters are everywhere!I'm not into snouted-humanoid designs, but it can't be just me who had their shipping alarm go off when these two were getting physical, right? ...Right? ...Like a ship being unpopular would stop me.Will put Ember's icon in when it appears. Not sure what's taking it so long!
To say that James Franklin had a lot to discuss on Saturday would've been an understatement.
Since the final tick of the TaxSlayer Bowl, Penn State has had seemingly round-the-clock news. The early NFL draft declarations of Christian Hackenberg and Austin Johnson quickly became second-fiddle to the personnel turnover in State College.
Five players transferred, a few of which were key contributors at Penn State. On top of that, three of the team's top assistants, including both coordinators, left Franklin's staff. Franklin took the time to wish them well in their first public comments since the moves.
But why did they happen?
“Look around the country and the game has changed dramatically in the last 10 to 20 years. Good coaches are difficult to keep,” Franklin said. “There have been 14 changes among the Big Ten coordinators and 13 coordinator changes in the SEC since the end of this regular season. If you look at the Power 5 conferences, there have been 175 coaching changes. So it's been a lot of change and that's really what you see in college football right now.
“Do I like it? No, but that's the reality of it.”
RELATED: Penn State hires former Illinois assistant as co-defensive coordinator
Penn State's other reality was the fact that it lost a handful of players via transfer. Veteran skill players Geno Lewis and Akeel Lynch were granted their release, as were linebackers Troy Reeder and Gary Wooton. Underclassman defensive back Daquan Worley will also have a new home in 2016.
While they might've caught fans off-guard, Franklin again said it was just the product of the situation.
“This hasn't caught us by surprise,” Franklin said. “We were very aware that those things may be coming.”
Well, maybe not all of them were expected.
Reeder filled in for Nyeem Hartman-White after they went down and was going to see plenty of playing time at linebacker in 2016. But they transferred to Delaware, where he'll play with their brother.
Despite the family connection, Franklin didn't predict the sophomore to be one of the team's departures.
“Yeah, Troy was probably the one that was a surprise,” Franklin said. “I had a real long conversation with him, and I think it's obviously already been documented the reasons why they transferred to Delaware. But yeah, that's a position that we are a little bit thin because that one was a little bit unexpected.”
RELATED: Way-too-early 2016 look: Penn State
Franklin's next focus will be to close out the final week-and-a-half before National Signing Day with a bang. The Lions currently boast the 12th-rated 2016 recruiting class in the country, and if they can lock down a couple of their four-star targets, they could finish with their first post-Joe Paterno top-10 class.
Heading into Year 3, Franklin was asked about where they thought their program was at compared to where they hoped it would be when they took the job. They didn't cite the 14-12 mark in their two seasons or the major personnel changes.
Instead, Franklin pointed to the fact that Penn State is one of eight teams with a winning record in each of the last 11 years. Considering the hurdles the school faced with the sanctions, they said, the program is still right on track.
“If you take the emotion out of it and you take a piece of paper out and you write down all of the challenges that we have had as an organization, as an institution, as a football program,” Franklin said, “I would actually say if you did it that way, we're probably ahead.”
It is fair to call Charles Dance a veteran of UK television. Their four decades of screen credits include some of the most critically acclaimed dramas, from Jewel in the Crown and Rebecca to Bleak House and Game of Thrones. Yet having worked through what they call “the golden age” of British TV in the 80s, they are firm in one belief – that the current state of television in this country is shamefully bleak.
“We need to look to our laurels a bit with television in this country”, they said. “ I don't think enough risks are being taken in drama television in the UK and I think a lot of programme makers are underestimating the intelligence of the viewing public, basing it all on ratings. Just because 12 million people watch a pile of reality TV shit about something or other, that doesn't mean that's the only type of programme you make.
“There are great swathes of people now who don't watch any British television, because there's nothing there worth watching.”
Such a damning condemnation of the current state of British television comes just as Dance's latest television project, ITV's dramatisation of the 1666 Great Fire of London, makes its television debut this Thursday. The four-part drama was written by ITV's political correspondent, Tom Bradby, with Dance playing the fictional villain, the King's ruthless intelligence officer Lord Denton.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest After four years playing Tywin Lannister in the hugely successful American production Game of Thrones, Dance is vocal about what British television needs. Photograph: Damien Elliott/Game of Thrones
Yet, after four years playing the vicious Tywin Lannister in Game of Thrones, the HBO fantasy show that has been one of the biggest success stories in television in recent years, the opulent American production has made the 67-year-old lament the days when British television led the creative agenda.
“We used to have this reputation in Britain of having the finest television in the world and it was, for a long time,” said Dance. “America, for a long time, would look at what was going on on this side of the Atlantic, at quality television like Brideshead Revisited and the Jewel in the Crown – well now it's the other way around.”
The problem, they say, lies in the unwillingness to financially invest in drama and says recent attempts by British television to emulate American hits have come across as nothing more than “an am-dram performance”.
“We are not amateurs so that's not good enough,” Dance continued, getting increasingly more irate. “And certainly the BBC seem to be more interested in real estate than new drama.”
Indeed, the actor is adamant that if the original plans for Game of Thrones, a show filmed in both Northern Ireland and Scotland, to be a co-production with the BBC had gone ahead, “they would have pulled the plug after two seasons.”
“You know what would have happened, they wouldn't have spent enough money,” they added. “What I see happening a lot of the time in this country is we spend 100 and try and make it look like a thousand. And a lot of the time, we don't pull it off. American networks like HBO spend money and they spend it in the right way.”
Dance's solution is simple. “We have to take risks in British television” they said. “It has to stop playing to the lowest common denominator and patronising people. And I'm certainly not the only actor who thinks British television needs a bit of a kick up the arse.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dance praised the ambition of The Great Fire where parts of the set were burnt to the ground. Photograph: Patrick Redmond/Ecosse Films/ITV
Nonetheless, they saluted the “ambition” of The Great Fire, which saw ITV spend more than £1m on a purpose built set of restoration-era London, only to burn it to to the ground in the filming of the four-part drama.
Despite admitting the prospect of playing yet another villain was “quite tedious”, it was a personal interest in the period of Charles II's return to the throne and the conspiracy theories that abounded around the events of 1666 that eventually convinced Dance to put aside their dislike for “those dreadful periwigs” and accept the role, alongside Broadchurch star Andrew Buchan and Danny Mays, who plays famous diarist Samuel Pepys. They revelled in the interesting parallels between the state of politics then and now.
Dance said: “I think it's a great era in history. There had been this sterile period after Charles I's decapitation, the Cromwellian rather severe and puritanical era whcih was very dull for a lot of people. Then the monarchy was restored and there was this great feeling of optimism. But Charles II just turned out to be this louche party animal who was completely out of touch. It was a bit like, in my mind anyway, the day that Tony Blair swept into power and the piece of grey flannel that had been flying from the national flagpole was pulled down and this big smily, ‘everything's going to be alright figure took charge'.” Trailing off with a deep laugh, they added: “Little did we know...”
However, their recent years working on Game of Thrones, a show rife with sexually explicit scenes, clearly had an impact on the actor who bemoaned the absence of the illustrious libertine, the Earl of Rochester, from the new drama.
“It's quite a tame portrayal of Charles II's court, which was actually quite sordid,” said Dance. “ I'm surprised Rochester doesn't appear somewhere in there, swanning around, behaving appallingly and quoting vulgar poems. I would have liked it to have been a lot raunchier.”
Amazon's Alexa is leading the AI assistant pack. Echo devices are dominating smart speaker sales, and that was before Amazon brought the devices to more than 80 nations around the world. To defend its crown, Amazon moved fast this year to outpace competitors like Google Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana.
Apple's delayed HomePod is due out next year, while Samsung and Facebook are also reportedly planning to debut smart speakers.
It can be challenging to keep up with all the features Alexa has added to stay ahead of some of the largest tech companies on the planet, so here's a rundown of everything Alexa learned to do this year.
If you're the new owner of a smart speaker like a Sonos One or Echo Dot, see this story about 10 things to try with your Alexa-powered device.
A more expressive voice
Earlier this year, Speech Synthesis Markup Language (SSML) tags were introduced to give Alexa a more expressive voice. More natural voice features were made available to the makers of Alexa skills in the U.S., the U.K., and Germany.
In the United Kingdom, SSML can be used to train an Alexa skill to say “blimey” or “Bob's your uncle,” while skills can be trained to say “bada bing” or “boom” in the United States. SSML can also be used to make Alexa whisper or change their tone of voice, along with many other effects. Siri and Google Assistant also gained more natural or expressive voices this year.
Music alarms
This is fun, especially if playing music is the main reason you like having Alexa around.
Earlier this month, ahead of the release of the Echo Spot, Alexa learned how to create musical alarms. That means you can choose from millions of songs to wake up to every day.
Alarms can be set based on artist, genre, or song name, or even based on lyrics from a favorite song whose name you've forgotten.
If you live in a house where the rights to DJ Alexa music volley back and forth, good luck to you.
Alexa goes beyond the Echo
At the start of 2017, Alexa was basically only available in the Echo, Echo Dot, and Echo Tap, but this year we saw the introduction of the second-generation Echo and the Echo Plus with a Zigbee smart home hub.
Also released by Amazon this year: the Echo Look, which uses computer vision to be your fashion stylist; the Echo Show, which introduced Alexa's first visual interface; the Echo Spot, to extend that visual interface to your bedside and replace your alarm clock; and the Echo Wand, a remote-like device with a barcode scanner and Alexa inside that sticks to your fridge.
And Alexa isn't just in devices made by Amazon anymore. This year, Alexa was made available in speakers from Sonos, Harman Kardon, Lenovo, and other brands.
For a foothold in more smartphones, in March Alexa became available in the Amazon shopping app, and in September in the Amazon Music app.
There are also plans to bring Alexa to a variety of appliances, like the Sanbot Nano home robot, and vehicles from Ford, Mercedes-Benz, and Hyundai.
Create reminders and add events to more calendars
In its rush to be your everything, Alexa launched without some features you may consider rather basic. Among them: reminders. How this feature remained unavailable for so long is beyond me, but in June, Alexa finally learned how to set reminders.
Also among the low-hanging fruit Amazon was smart to pick: Calendar integration with Office 365 and iCloud was made available this spring.
Make phone calls and send messages
Alexa is now able to make free phone calls in Canada and the United States. You can also use Alexa to send messages to other users of the Alexa app or Echo devices. The back-and-forth between Alexa and its main competitor, Google Assistant, has been an undertone this entire year, and the introduction of phone call and messaging features is no different.
Whereas Google Assistant is able to send SMS messages, Alexa still only sends messages via the Alexa app, a feature first made available this spring.
Alexa as home intercom
This summer, Alexa learned how to broadcast voices to Alexa devices and act like a home intercom system. Since the average Alexa device owner purchases more than one device to make voice control available throughout the home, this makes a lot of sense.
Because it is made available through Drop In, Alexa's voice and video call feature, you don't even need to be home to yell at your kid or ask whoever's in the kitchen to check whether you have milk.
25,000+ voice apps
At the end of 2016, Alexa had roughly 5,000 skills. In the past year, that number has quintupled to more than 25,000. This far exceeds the third-party offerings from competitors like Google Assistant or Cortana, who only have hundreds of voice apps.
New skills added in roughly the past year include This Day in History from the History Channel, the Twitch Alexa skill for streaming video gameplay, and series made especially for kids or for Echo Buttons.
A great addition in the past year is the ability to discover Alexa skills without saying its exact name. The need to remember the name of a skill is a limitation of the voice-first interface, but now you can say things like “I need a ride” to hear recommendations like the Lyft skill.
Whereas last year you could ask for a joke, now you can ask for a joke about dogs or trees or whatever's on your mind. If you play a popular game skill like The Magic Door, you may now receive a recommendation to play another popular game.
Fleshing out discovery and recommendation features may give developers more incentive to make Alexa skills, and it could teach Alexa device owners that they no longer have to remember the name of their go-to voice apps.
Double Jeopardy! was the first Alexa skill to be offered with a paid subscription. Next year, more paid subscription or one-time payment Alexa skills will be made available. Paid skills available today include Teen Jeopardy!, Sports Jeopardy!, Match Game, Heads Up, and History's Ultimate History Quiz.
Alexa, your personal gaming assistant
In addition to the expansion of Alexa recommendations when you play a game skill or say “Alexa, let's play a game,” for much of 2017 the Alexa team at Amazon has worked to improve the assistant's game-playing chops.
This past spring, Amazon began to pay skills developers based on the level of engagement their skills are able to create, starting with game makers.
In August, Amazon began to release Alexa skills that require parental approval for kids under 13 — like SpongeBob SquarePants and Sesame Street.
Last month, Alexa began to act as a personal assistant for Destiny 2, one of the most popular games of 2017, and last week saw the debut of Echo Buttons, a simple, first-of-its-kind device made especially for multiplayer gameplay.
Next year, Alexa will begin to act as the host for a set of board games called Voice Originals, starting with When in Rome, which was created by Sensible Object, a graduate of the inaugural Alexa Accelerator. Next year, the Gadgets API and SDK will also extend game skills that interact with Echo Buttons and other hardware made by gaming companies.
Alexa perks for Amazon Prime members
This year, Amazon began to extend a steady stream of exclusive perks to people with both an Echo device and Amazon Prime. In March, two-hour deliveries were made available through Prime Now for things like groceries, and even alcohol in select cities.
In July, Amazon made it possible to get a $99 Amazon Prime annual membership with an Echo device.
This fall, the Double Jeopardy! skill was made available free of charge to Echo device owners with a Prime membership.
Last year, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos posited that Alexa could become one of Amazon's four pillar offerings, alongside the company's marketplace, AWS, and Amazon Prime. Alexa is clearly a big part of Amazon's roadmap, but to what extent Amazon unites Prime and Alexa in the years ahead remains anyone's guess.
Unique voice recognition
Alexa can now recognize up to 10 unique voices in a household, beating out Google Assistant's ability to recognize up to six voices. Unique voice recognition gives Alexa the power to make sure kids don't add items to the shopping list or ensure only your calendar events are mentioned if you ask Alexa about your schedule.
Alexa skills developers will be allowed access to unique voice identification provided by Amazon next year, giving them the ability to remember past interactions and deliver more personalized experiences.
Unique voice recognition is also being used to help Amazon recognize a user's emotional state or mood. This effort will begin with understanding when a user becomes frustrated so Amazon can determine whether Alexa responded to a question or command in the right way. No timeline or details about recognition of emotions beyond frustration have been provided, but emotion recognition could eventually help Alexa respond to you more empathetically, or learn your emotional baseline to recognize when you're lonely or having a bad day.
Smarter Alexa skills
In addition to the introduction of a visual interface with elements like cards and videos, this year developers were given the ability to access user location so, for example, a restaurant or other business can recognize where you are and serve up customized results or make deliveries.
Next year, Alexa developers will gain access to unique voice identification and be able to accept payments via Amazon Pay through third-party voice apps and deliver proactive notifications.
Better smart home voice control
In 2017, Alexa gained the ability to do things like change the color of a room with smart lightbulbs, so if you're feeling orange, just say so. Alexa also learned to control smart home cameras and share security camera footage through an Echo Show or a television with a Fire TV stick.
Other important smart home milestones reached this year include the ability to group Echo devices together for music throughout the home, and hands-free Fire TV control with Alexa.
Alexa-Cortana partnership
In what could turn out to be a momentous event in the history of AI assistants, this summer Seattle-area tech giants Microsoft and Amazon agreed to pair Alexa and Cortana across each other's devices so that Cortana will be available through tens of millions of Echo speakers and Alexa will be available through more than 500 million Windows 10 PCs.
This appears to be one of the biggest partnerships of its kind to date. When the partnership was announced, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos talked about assistants growing into areas of specialization, but that doesn't match up with rhetoric heard from the Alexa team at Amazon, who say they want the AI assistant everywhere. Indeed, there are a number of advantages and disadvantages to a Cortana-Alexa partnership.
For example, last month Alexa for Business launched at AWS re:Invent, an initiative that is sure to compete directly with Cortana's apparent focus on productivity.
In 2018, we should get some answers to how the Alexa-Cortana partnership will work in practice and the kinds of limitations these competitors put in areas like the workplace, where both want to make inroads.
Routines for command customization and scheduled actions
Routines allow you to create custom voice commands and trigger multiple actions with the utterance of a single word or phrase. Today, you can do things like make a routine for when you wake up in the morning that turns on your lights, gives you a weather report, tells you about traffic for your commute, and reads you the news. Routines can also schedule tasks so you can do things like play the news at a specific time every weekend.
You can also use this skill for parlor tricks, so when you say “Alexa, get turnt up,” they respond by saying “Let's party.” Routines that help you get stuff done, like reading your to-do list or your calendar events, seem like a natural next step.
Japanese and new English dialects
Last year, Alexa and Echo devices expanded to users in the United Kingdom and Germany, trickling into the assistant's two first countries outside the U.S. with things like the Flash Briefings API and Alexa Voice Service access to extend Alexa into devices beyond Echo smart speakers.
In late 2017, Alexa learned to speak even more languages, with support extended to English speakers in Canada and India and to Japanese speakers in Japan. Next year, Alexa will be available to English speakers in Australia. For now, international versions of Echo devices rely on these language settings, though the expansion to more than a dozen Spanish-speaking countries alludes to the fact that Alexa will soon be able to habla español.
SCR-1 stellarator in Costa Rica produces its first plasma
Latin America's first stellarator / official inauguration on 29 June 2016
Stellarator de Costa Rica 1 – a first for Latin America Photo: TEC Stellarator de Costa Rica 1 – a first for Latin America Photo: TEC
The small SRC-1 stellarator in Costa Rica went into operation on 29 June 2016. The device was planned and built by the Plasma Laboratory for Fusion Energy and Applications, which belongs to the Costa Rica Institute of Technology (TEC) in Cartago. The countdown for producing the first plasma, witnessed by guests from science and politics, was started by a high-ranking government representative from Costa Rica and the TEC President. Electronic congratulations had been sent by representatives of international stellarator research from Princeton, USA, and IPP at Greifswald to mark the advent of the new device. “Our research aims to benefit future generations”, stated Institute Director Dr. Iván Vargas: “If research like this continues to evolve, in the future this technology could be used at a power plant that would take alternative energy to our communities”.
The Plasma Laboratory for Fusion Energy and Applications was founded six years ago. It covers the fields of plasma medicine, industrial plasma technology and fusion research. Work hitherto had been concentrated on the small MEDUSA-CR device (Madison Education Small Aspect ratio tokamak), which was taken over from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and on the preparation of the SCR-1 stellarator.
The investment costs for SCR-1 came to 500,000 US dollars. The plasma vessel and modular coils were made in Costa Rica. The small device aims at attaining plasma temperatures of 300,000 degrees Celsius. SCR-1 as Latin America's first stellarator now joins the ranks of the stellarators in Australia, Germany, Japan, Spain and the USA.
(CNN) -- North Korea says it will attack the Japanese military and "major targets," if Japan shoots down a rocket Pyongyang plans to launch in the coming days, North Korea's state-run news service, KCNA, reported Thursday.
Japan recently deployed its missile defense system in anticipation of North Korea's planned rocket launch.
"If Japan recklessly 'intercepts' [North Korea's] satellite for peaceful purposes, the [Korean People's Army] will mercilessly deal deadly blows not only at the already deployed intercepting means but at major targets," KCNA reported.
Japan recently mobilized its missile defense system in response to the planned North Korean launch, Japanese officials said. The move, noteworthy for a country with a pacifist constitution, is aimed at shooting down any debris from the launch that might fall into Japanese territory.
U.S. Navy ships capable of shooting down ballistic missiles have also been moved to the Sea of Japan, a Navy spokesperson said.
The threat of retaliation comes as North Korea has begun fueling its long-range rocket, according to a senior U.S. military official familiar with the latest U.S. intelligence on the matter.
The fueling signals that the country could be in the final stages of what North Korea has said will be the launch of a satellite into space as early as this weekend, the senior U.S. military official said Wednesday.
Other U.S. military officials said the top portion of the rocket was put on very recently, but satellite imagery shows a shroud over the stage preventing a direct view of what the stage looks like.
The officials said the satellite payload appears to have a "bulbous" cover, which could indicate there is a satellite loaded on it. Such a cover protects a satellite from damage in flight.
While the sources did not know for sure what the payload is, they did say there is no reason to doubt it is a satellite as indicated by North Korea.
Pyongyang has said it will conduct the launch sometime between April 4 and April 8. It's a launch that may violate a 2006 United Nations Security Council resolution.
Resolution 1718 "[d]emands" that North Korea "not conduct any further nuclear test or launch of a ballistic missile."
"It raises questions about their compliance with the Security Council Resolution 1718," U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said last week. "And if they persist and go forward, we will take it up in appropriate channels."
Pentagon officials worry less about the payload and more about the launch itself, saying any kind of launch will give the North Koreans valuable information about improving their ballistic missile program.
"I don't know anyone at a senior level in the American government who does not believe this technology is intended as a mask for the development of an intercontinental ballistic missile," U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Sunday.
Defense analysts say the same rocket could be used to push a satellite into space or deliver a nuclear warhead.
Gates noted that while the United States believes it is North Korea's "long-term intent" to add a nuclear warhead to any such rocket, they "personally would be skeptical that they have the ability right now to do that."
Gates said that the U.S. military could shoot down "an aberrant missile, one that was headed for Hawaii ... or something like that, we might consider it, but I don't think we have any plans to (do) anything like that at this point."
They do not believe North Korea currently has the technology to reach Alaska or Pacific coast.
CNN Senior Pentagon Producer Mike Mount contributed to this story.
All About North Korea • Nuclear Proliferation • Kim Jong-il
I had no idea what to expect from this exchange when my santa messaged me and asked how I felt about spy gear. And then this arrived.
Sadly the material I have managed to record has since been officially redacted (read as: people get sort of touchy when you take hilarious videos of them inhaling their food or audio of them singing in the shower!), but let me assure you: this adorable piece of tech is magnificent. It can take pictures! Record audio! Videos! AND it looks bad ass and makes everyone jealous (and a little paranoid.. DUN DUN DUNN!!)
Look out, world. There's a new spy in town, and their undercover name is Brokenboomerang.
Thanks santa, this is SO rad, promises to be a ton of fun, and is sure to help me get up to a to of mischief, hehehehehehe!
Interested in an IT security career? Here's a statistic that might interest you: a 2016 study by InformationWeek reports that the median salary for IT security professionals in the U.S. is $88,000.
With many potentially lucrative careers available, it's clearly an excellent time to consider joining the fight against hackers and cyber criminals. To help you in this endeavor, there are numerous cybersecurity scholarships that can subsidize your tuition fees, guarantee you a job after graduation and even provide you with a free ride through college.
Here, we take a look at some of the major scholarships available to understand the eligibility requirements and benefits of each, and how applicants can maximize their chances of winning one.
The Scholarship for Women Studying Information Security
The Scholarship for Women Studying Information Security (SWSIS) was started by the nonprofit cybersecurity organization Applied Computer Security Associates (ACSA) in 2011, and has since awarded scholarships to a number of women.
In April 2016, HP announced 16 new recipients of the 2016 SWSIS. “”In today's digital economy, organizations must invest in the expert resources needed to protect their most critical assets and stay ahead of increasingly sophisticated cyber criminals,” explains Sue Barsamian (@suebarsamian), senior vice president and general manager, HPE Security Products, Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
To qualify for the SWSIS, candidates must be in the last two years of an undergraduate program or the first two years of a master's degree program with a focus on information security. Candidates must apply to the ACSA and provide a statement of interest in the field of information security, a transcript and a statement of their current educational status.
Students awarded the scholarship receive anywhere from $5,000 to $10,000 per year—up to a maximum of $20,000 over a two year period. Recipients must reapply in the second year to show their continuing interest in IT security.
When asked what traits can help a candidate stand out, SWSIS founder and program director Jeremy Epstein says, “In the past, we've looked for interest as exhibited not only by academic performance, but also by internships, memberships of clubs, etc.”
An applicant's essay, they add, shouldn't focus on why cybersecurity is important, but on their interests and accomplishments, why they want to study in the field and where they see them future.
Epstein also says that scholars can come from any field within IT security and that the panels try to award the scholarship to women at both big-name schools (e.g. Columbia University) and lesser-known schools (e.g. Towson University in Baltimore).
To distinguish themselves from other applicants, Andrea Mobley, one of the first recipients of the SWSIS scholarship, says they joined a “cyber defense team” where they competed against other school teams to secure networks against professional hackers. “I believe being a part of this club was what set me apart,” they say.
Mobley also credits the scholarship with making them aware of potential career paths in cybersecurity, as they had opportunities to speak with representatives from organizations such as IBM, Northrop Grumman and the National Science Foundation.
“Hearing about the different options opened up my ‘visors' to what I was really studying,” they say. “I knew there was a huge job market for me, but speaking with these people from all kinds of areas—federal, commercial, contracting, consulting—really made me more aware of my options.”
Center for Cyber Safety and Education (Center) Scholarships
Center for Cyber Safety and Education (Center), formerly (ISC)² Foundation, is a nonprofit organization specializing in IT security education programs and certification.
“Our scholarships are all designed to address the gap in the workforce and the need for more information security workers,” explains (ISC)² Foundation Director Julie Peeler.
Women's Scholarship
The women's scholarship, like the SWSIS program, is intended to help more women enter the field.
The scholarship is open to applicants all over the world and attracts fierce competition. Applicants must have completed at least the first year of an undergraduate degree program by August of the calendar year in which scholarship funding will begin. They must also have a GPA of at least a 3.2 on a 4.0 scale, or an analogous score if the applicant is studying outside the U.S.
Peeler says the selection panel has an international, “real business world” focus. “Our panels are made up of our members from around the globe who are hiring managers or have hiring responsibilities,” they say. “They know what their organizations are looking for in terms of a professional they'd want to bring into the field.”
Finally, not all unsuccessful candidates are cast aside—the foundation passes worthy candidates for consideration onto the two other panels that decide the recipients of (ISC)²'s graduate and undergraduate scholarships.
Undergraduate Scholarship
The undergraduate scholarship is given to 10-12 students per year and awards grants of up to $5,000 per recipient. Like the women's scholarship, this scholarship requires a GPA of at least 3.2 on a 4.0 scale.
The scholarship can have a profound effect on recipients' lives. “We hear repeatedly from these students that without that scholarship they would have had to drop out of school,” Peeler says.
“I had one scholar from India tell me that the first night they slept in their dorm room was the first night in their life that she'd slept in a bedroom that had an actual floor instead of a dirt floor.”
Graduate Scholarship
(ISC)² also provides graduate research scholarships, for which applicants must have a GPA of at least 3.5 on a 4.0 scale to qualify. Peeler describes this scholarship as “seed funding” for recipients' information security research projects. It awards up to $3,000, which usually pays for equipment and computer lab time—though it can also have a broader application.
“Last year we had a scholar who lived in Tanzania who was studying via distance learning at a university in South Africa,” Peeler says. “She had to go to South Africa to defend their thesis, and part of their grant went to pay their travel costs.”
Harold F. Tipton Memorial Scholarship
(ISC)² also offers a scholarship named after the organization's founder, Harold F. Tipton. It awards an additional $5,000 to the top recipient of the undergraduate scholarship, who must have a GPA of at least 3.5 on a 4.0 scale.
The main idea here, Peeler explains, is that the tuition fees of most undergraduate scholarship recipients will exceed the $5,000 the award provides them. “For the Tipton scholar, this additional money takes care of another big chunk of their tuition,” they say.
U.S. Government Scholarships
The U.S. government also funds two major scholarship programs in the field. There are two key caveats, however:
Recipients must be U.S. citizens, and;
Recipients must work for the U.S. government after graduation.
These government scholarships are offered at over 100 universities in 38 states that have been defined by the National Security Agency (NSA) as “Centers of Academic Excellence”.
National Science Foundation Scholarship for Service (SFS)
The SFS, which is run by the National Science Foundation, pays all tuition fees, provides a stipend of $22,000 and even allocates extra money towards books and up to $2,000 for medical expenses. Like the IASP, this scholarship requires applicants to be within two years of graduation, at the bachelor's, master's or PhD level.
Recipients are required to work for the federal government after graduation, though not necessarily for the DoD. “It could be the Department of Justice, the Department of Energy—it just has to be in a security role,” Dietrich says.
Applicants can come from many academic disciplines. “They can have any major—business, computer science, engineering, really anything that's security connected,” Dietrich says. While English Literature might be a stretch, somebody studies Russian or Arabic could apply because of the demand for people who speak these languages in the field of intelligence analysis.
Unlike the IASP, it's up to the participating universities to determine who qualifies for a SFS scholarship. The number of recipients varies from school to school each year, although Dietrich points out that the overall budget is $25 million, so the program's reach is significant.
Government Scholarships Provide Career Opportunities
According to Dietrich, many scholarship recipients are able to turn their mandatory years of government service into a lucrative career in government contracting. “If [recipients] have two years of experience with an agency like the NSA, they're in big demand from government contractors, which pay more than the government,” they say.
“I was at a conference recently and a senior figure at the Department of Homeland Security said 300,000 cybersecurity workers were needed in government. UTSA has one of the larger programs in the country and we only graduate between 80 and 120 people per year—that's a long way from 300,000. That's why contractors are paying a starting salary of $75,000 for 22-year-olds with no experience.”
The Takeaway
Any of these scholarships can improve your ability to launch a successful career in IT security. But when allis said and done, West says, the individuals most likely to benefit from these awards must not only show technical aptitude, but care deeply about the field and have a unique learning approach.
“[IT security] is the kind of field that requires a little bit of passion,” they say. “The people who have that passion, and who have a love of understanding the adversarial learning model—by which I mean the idea of breaking things, or understanding how they're broken—those are the people who end up being most successful.”
Hello and welcome to the 2014 review where we look back at some of the stories that made the headlines during last year. It was another year of activism, politics, busts, convictions and the usual shenanigans.
In this first of two parts we look at events that took place between January and June. The second part will look at July to the years end and will be posted in the coming days.
JANUARY:
Revenue commissioners released information for 2013 which showed it seized more than €44 million worth of drugs according to its annual report. Revenue said it seized cannabis worth more than €11 million over the course of 2013.
On January 9th poll results showed that 38 per cent of people in Ireland now support cannabis legalisation according to the Paddy Power/Red C poll.
James MacGuill, a criminal lawyer and a former president of the Law Society of Ireland, urged a rethink of the law on cannabis. “There would be great benefits to having a mature debate potentially leading to the legalisation of certain currently proscribed drugs,” they said.
The Irish Examiner did a number of reports on cannabis grow houses. One looked at some of the stats around cannabis, another looked at how cannabis factories are a bonanza for criminal gangs, another article looked at the damage grow rooms can do to property, another article claimed some gardeners are no more than slaves.
A National Drugs Strategy Conference was held in Dublin Castle on 16th January 2014, speakers included Susan Scally, Head of Drug Policy Unit at the Department of Health, the Minister of state for Primary Care, Alex White TD and An Tánaiste Eamon Gilmore TD. You can view the videos here.
Figures released on drugs-related deaths in Ireland show that one person dies from a drug overdose every day in Ireland.
Mark Fitzsimions, a blind medical cannabis user, handed themselves into garda with the aim to be charged with possession in order to challenge the law.
The Irish Times reported that support is growing slowly for the legalisation of cannabis in Ireland.
One of the biggest busts during the month was a cannabis seizure worth €100,000.
FEBRUARY:
In Athlone on February 10th, Fr. Peter McVerry spoke about the legalisation of drugs at an event looking at the subject.
It was reported that drivers would be facing a 15-minute wait for test results when new mandatory drugs tests come into effect.
Journalist Colette Browne wrote a piece in the Irish Examiner asking “Why should teenagers become criminals for taking the odd spliff?”
SSDP Cork hosted an event on Hemp featuring builder Steve Allin and Barry Caslin of Teagasc.
Cannabis worth €220,000 was seized in Clondalkin.
Pina shared these wonderful photos of the Hemp Museum in Dublin.
MARCH:
A motion to legalise cannabis for personal consumption, sale and production was defeated at Fine Gael's Ard Fheis.
Fianna Fail had a motion to legalise cannabis for medicinal purposes, although I cannot seem to find the result. Leave a comment below if you do.
It was reported that a panel of Senators and TDs would consider a petition to legalise cannabis. I can't find the result but as the report implies it was unlikely to be passed.
Luke ‘Ming' Flanagan was critiical of a hard-hitting attack by a UN monitoring body on cannabis legalisation in Uruguay and within the US.
It was reported that Gardaí seize more heroin than any other drug on O'Connell Street.
A judge called for the reform of drugs legislation, which has seen so-called ‘drug mules' charged with more serious offences than major players.
A total of 120 kg of cannabis herb was seized in Coolock with an estimated street value of €2.5 million.
Tony Duffin, the Director of the Ana Liffey Drug Project, wrote a piece for thejournal.ie entitled “Legislation changes our drugs landscape – but it isn't a complete solution” in which they argued it is time to acknowledge that drug and alcohol use is a part of modern society –and a public health issue to be managed.
It was reported that Ireland sends more Asian people to jail for growing cannabis than Irish people. A report found that Ireland may be sending victims of slavery to prison, rather than helping to free them.
SSDP Ireland members attended the United Nations Conference on Narcotic Drugs.
APRIL:
Journalist Una Mullally wrote a piece looking at why drug users should be decriminalised. Drug dealing and drug taking on the street has become a frightening public health issue according to the article.
A prison dog was taken ill after eating drugs thrown over a wall.
SSDP Ireland hosted its first national conference which saw guest speakers including Luke ‘Ming' Flanagan, Dr. Paul O'Mahony, Tim Bingham and others speak in Galway.
It was reported that checks fail to curb drug abuse in Irish prisons. An investigation by the State's drugs advisory body said prison authorities “should recognise that drugs, particularly cannabis, were making their way through the security checks”.
There were also calls to expand drug treatment in prison.
A protest took place in Dublin on April 20th as part of the international day for cannabis liberation.
Two GPs who want cannabis legalised and regulated for both recreational and medicinal use won support from their doctors' body to set up an expert committee to look at the drug's “positive and negative” effects.
The first screening of the documentary the 41st shade took place. You can watch the documentary here.
SSDP Ireland called for the decriminalisation of drug possession
It was reported that Ireland has the most expensive cannabis in the world. Other stats were also revealed in this report.
MAY:
Vice reported that immigrants are being kept as cannabis slaves in both Ireland and Britain.
Tony Duffin (Director of the Ana Liffey) wrote about drugs on the Dark Net for thejournal.ie
Luke 'Ming' Flanagan alleged serious corruption in the garda drugs squad.
Steve Allin posted a picture of a stone cottage that has Hempcrete cast around it that they finished in Cloyne Co Cork. This project was being monitored by UCC as part of the NEES project.
The Local and European elections took place in May, I myself was an unsuccessful candidate in the local elections.
Mark Fitzsimions, the blind activist who handed themselves into garda to challenge the law was unsuccessful in their European election bid.
Luke ‘Ming' Flanagan topped the poll in Midlands-North-West region and became an MEP.
JUNE:
A question on cannabis was one of a number Taoiseach Enda Kenny ignored during a Facebook Q&A.
It was reported in a new study by Eurobarometer that Ireland has the highest number of young people who have used cannabis in the past year (28pc) compared to an EU average of 17pc.
SSDP hosted Support Don't Punish protests in Athlone, Cork, Clare, Dublin, Galway, Limerick and Wexford on June 26th.
NORML Ireland held its first public meeting.
Tom Curran, the partner of Marie Fleming who unsuccessfully challenged the right to die laws in Ireland, admitted to growing cannabis for their MS. It is also worth nothing they were an unsuccessful candidate in the local elections in May.
Tony Duffin (Ana Liffey Drug Project) wrote a piece for thejournal.ie in which they claimed The ‘War on Drugs' has failed – let's finally implement policies that make sense
Irish activists attended the NORML UK AGM in Bristol.
Nearly six out of 10 young people in Ireland believe the sale of cannabis should be regulated, according to a European survey.
It was reported that Irish people are the ‘most likely to use legal highs'
Advertisements
Millennials differ from older generations in many ways, from their racial and ethnic diversity to their distinctive views on a number of political and social issues. But they are similar in one surprising respect: As America's youngest adult generation they are the least confident about the nation's future, just like Generation Xers and Baby Boomers when they were young.
In a survey of attitudes about government conducted last fall, just 37% of Millennials said they had “quite a lot of confidence” in the future of the United States, compared with 45% of Gen Xers, 49% of Boomers and 56% of the Silent Generation.
Two decades ago, Gen Xers, then in their teens and 20s, stood out for their lack of confidence in the nation's future. In 1994, just 30% of Gen Xers said they had quite a lot of confidence in the future of the U.S. Among older generations at the time – Boomers and Silents – half or more had a lot of confidence in the nation's future.
And two decades before that, Boomers were less bullish than their elders in assessing the nation's future. In 1975, when Boomers were the youngest generation, 49% had a great deal of confidence in the future of the U.S., compared with 62% of Silents and 67% of the Greatest Generation.
This finding highlights one of the challenges of generational analysis, namely determining when differences among age cohorts are attributable to life stage rather than to a unique characteristic of a generation. For instance, Millennials are less engaged in politics than older generations, but that has been true for successive generations of young people. Similarly, Millennials' relative lack of confidence in the nation's future may be a life-cycle effect. (For more, see our 2015 report “The Whys and Hows of Generations Research.”)
Notably, on a different measure of expectations for the nation – one that compares the past to the future – Millennials are more optimistic than are older generations. In 2014, 49% of Millennials said the country's best years were “ahead of us,” while 45% said they were “behind us.” Among older generations, somewhat more said the United States' best years were behind than ahead. That question had not been asked previously, so it is not possible to determine if these views have changed over time.
Topics: Generations and Age
Dunford: Americans Should Be Proud of Role U.S. Troops Play in Iraq, Syria
Indigenous Iraqi and Syrian forces have made tremendous progress taking the fight to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and Americans should be very proud of the role played in the effort by a small number of U.S. troops, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said during an interview.
When Marine Corps Gen. Joe Dunford took over as chairperson in October 2015, ISIS had taken vast portions of Iraq and Syria and sought to establish a caliphate. The counter-ISIS strategy they inherited sought to train local forces to combat the terror organization.
This meant small numbers of American and coalition troops would work with Iraqi and vetted Syrian forces. Coalition air assets, special operators and artillery units would support the campaign.
“The Iraqis have to be very proud of their forces,” Dunford said. “But I think we have to be very proud of the coalition, and what U.S. forces have accomplished.”
Iraqi forces pushed back ISIS in Ramadi and Beiji and are now pushing into western Mosul -- the largest city taken by ISIS. The strategy is working, the chairperson said, and it's because young American service members are doing the hard work every day to make it happen.
“If you think of the relatively small number of Americans that had deployed to Iraq over the past 18 to 24 months,” they said, “… if you think about how hard they had to work in conjunction with Iraqi security forces to make sure we learned the lessons from Ramadi and Anbar province … and applied those lessons with the right capabilities in Mosul; I'll just tell you I am proud of the force that has done that.”
The Task Ahead
There still remains much to do in Iraq, the general said, and they are taking nothing for granted.
In Syria, indigenous forces are isolating Raqqa and pushing back well dug-in ISIS forces on all fronts. There, the progress has been dependent on an even smaller number of Americans who worked to recruit, train and strengthen counter-ISIS forces.
“We sent those guys into an incredibly complex environment,” Dunford said. “We told them to go in collect intelligence, develop relationships, vet people and identify people willing to take the fight to the enemy, train those people, equip those people, support those people, and win.”
And those special operations forces and U.S. Air Force personnel did it -- day after day, little by little, and under extreme circumstances, the chairperson said.
“The fact that we are now talking about divergent political challenges, the fact that we are now addressing questions of what happens after Mosul or Raqqa, we shouldn't lose sight of the fact that it is a reflection of the members of the joint force that have actually enabled the indigenous force to take the fight to the enemy,” Dunford said. “Now we have the political opportunities that we didn't have two years ago to establish the framework for long-term peace and stability, and we owe it to them.”
(Follow Jim Garamone on Twitter: @GaramoneDoDNews)
EUGENE, Ore. - Many of the Oregon schools with the largest percentages of students unvaccinated against one or more diseases are in Lane County, according to the most recent numbers available.
Oregon requires vaccinations, including measles, to attend school. But students can avoid the requirement with a parental or doctor's note.
Thirteen Oregon schools have Nonmedical Exemption Rates of 50 percent or greater, according to the most recent list dated January 2014.
Of those, 3 are in Lane County - including St. Thomas Becket Academy in Veneta, which leads the state with a 72 percent rate. Of the school's 103 students, 74 have a nonmedical exemption to one or more required vaccines.
Also on the list: the Eugene Waldorf School, where 108 of the 160 students have a nonmedical exemption, a 68 percent rate; and the Village School, where of the 215 students, 141 have a nonmedical exemption, a 66 percent rate.
All told, there are .
FIND YOUR CHILD'S SCHOOL:
Parents opposed to vaccines say the risk from the shots outweighs the risk from the diseases.
And no vaccine is 100 percent effective: Even people with the 2-step vaccine against measles are only 95 percent immune, said Dr. Paul Cieslak of the Oregon Health Authority.
and may have exposed other people to the disease. So far, there are no additional confirmed cases.
Measles is a highly contagious respiratory illness that can spread by air through coughing or sneezing. Symptoms include fever followed by cough, runny nose and a blotchy rash. Though the virus has been eradicated in the U.S. since 2000, it can still enter the country through an infected traveler.
Those most at risk of contracting measles include unvaccinated children.
Nonmedical Exemption Count at Oregon schools
The Oregon Health Authority tracks what is known as the Nonmedical Exemption Count at Oregon schools.
"The Nonmedical Exemption County number includes children with a nonmedical exemption for all required vaccines, and children with a nonmedical exemption for one or more vaccines who are up-to-date or complete for vaccines for which they do not have exemptions," according to the Oregon Health Authority.
In addition to St. Thomas Becket Academy, the Eugene Waldorf School and the Village School, other Lane County schools with exemption rates of 10 percent or more than of January 2014 include:
The Family School in Eugene, 90 exemptions out of 182 students; a 49 percent rate.
Ridgeline Montessori School in Eugene, 69 exemptions out of 227 students; a 30 percent rate.
Network Charter School in Eugene, 30 exemptions out of 115 students; a 26 percent rate
Far Horizons Montessori School in Eugene, 15 exemptions out of 60 students, a 25 percent rate
Triangle Lake Charter Elementary School, 19 exemptions out of 98 students; a 19 percent rate
Camas Ridge Community Elementary in Eugene, 72 exemptions out of 383 students; a 19 percent rate
Academy for Character Eduction in Cottage Grove, 16 exemptions out of 90 students; an 18 percent rate
Adams Elementary School in Eugene, 72 exemptions out of 417 students; a 17 percent rate
Arts and Technology Academy in Eugene, 47 exemptions out of 281; a 17 percent rate
Triangle Lake Charter High School, 22 exemptions out of 147; a 15 percent rate
Chavez Elementary School in Eugene, 62 exemptions out of 452; a 14 percent rate
Edison Elementary School in Eugene, 45 exemptions out of 342; a 13 percent rate
Spencer Butte Middle School in Eugene, 57 exemptions out of 448 students; a 13 percent rate
Churchill High School in Eugene, 115 exemptions out of 1,041 students; 11 percent rate
Charlemagne/Fox Hollow Elementary in Eugene, 35 exemptions out of 318, an 11 percent rate
Roosevelt Middle School in Eugene, 59 exemptions out of 557 students; 11 percent rate
Oak Hill School, 19 exemptions out of 181 students, 10 percent
Lowell Junior/Senior High School, 13 exemptions out of 124; a 10 percent rate
Dorena Elementary School, 10 exemptions out of 96 students; a 10 percent rate
Lundy Elementary School in Lowell, 13 exemptions out of 129 students; a 10 percent rate
Edgewood Community School in Eugene, 38 exemptions out of 390 students; a 10 percent rate
River Road/El Camino del Rio Elementary School in Eugene, 28 exemptions out of 294 students, a 10 percent rate
All other Lane County schools on the list have a rate lower than 10 percent.
There are 28 Lane County Schools with fewer than 10 exempt students per school. The state does not calculate an exemption rate for those schools.
SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea on Sunday rejected criticism of its planned long-range missile launch which threatens to upset its only major benefactor, China, and put relations with the United States back in the freezer just as they seemed to be starting to thaw.
Models of a North Korean Scud-B missile (R) and South Korean missiles are displayed at the Korean War Memorial Museum in Seoul March 16, 2012. REUTERS/Lee Jae-Won
Political analysts say the launch, which would violate U.N. resolutions on the heavily sanctioned state, is aimed at boosting the legitimacy of its young new ruler Kim Jong-un who inherited power after their father's death in December.
“The peaceful development and use of space is a universally recognized legitimate right of a sovereign state,” the North's state KCNA news agency said.
North Korea says it is using the rocket to launch a satellite to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, the country's founding ruler and grandfather of the current ruler.
The United States, and others, say it is much the same as a ballistic missile test and therefore off-limits for the isolated state which has for years been trying to build a nuclear arsenal.
Washington, which last month agreed to supply North Korea with food in exchange for a suspension of nuclear tests, missile launches and uranium enrichment and to allow nuclear inspectors into the country, called the planned launch “highly provocative”.
More troubling perhaps for Pyongyang, which is long accustomed to trading invective with Washington, Beijing called the planned launch a “worry” in a rare attempt to put public pressure on its impoverished ally.
The North has invited foreign observers and journalists to attend the launch.
It announced the planned launch on Friday just weeks after the deal with Washington. It will coincide with the 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder Kim Il-sung.
In April 2009, North Korea conducted a ballistic rocket launch that resulted in a new round of U.N. sanctions, squeezing the secretive state's already troubled economy and deepening its isolation.
That launch was dismissed as a failure after the first stage fell into the Sea of Japan without placing a satellite in orbit. Another test failed in similar circumstances in 1998.
The new launch is due to take place between April 12-16, to coincide with Kim Il-sung's centenary celebrations and will coincide with parliamentary elections in South Korea.
Japan has said it would consider deploying PAC3 missile interceptors as it did in a 2009 launch by North Korea.
With so many great social media marketing tips getting shared in the blogosphere, we wanted to pass along some of the best tips and ideas that came up in 2011. These are tips that, if you haven't benefitted from them yet, are evergreen enough that you can continue to leverage them well into 2012 to make your social media marketing rock.
1. Write blog content for your target audience, which is not necessarily yourself. This happens with startups a lot. They blog about being entrepreneurs, which is great – if your target audience is entrepreneurs. Blog about the things that your community wants to know about. (Source: Mark Suster)
2. If you're going to use social media for customer service, mirror your hours of operation on Twitter to the hours of operation you have for your support team. (Source: Jeff Esposito)
3. Measure social media ROI by analyzing how it performs compared to more established channels or advertising methods. It's not comparing apples-to-apples when it comes to cost, but you can compare the quality of traffic they drive to your website. (Source: The Next Web)
4. Mobile check-in deals aren't just for restaurants and bars. See how one medical practice creatively offered a special to their tech-savvy patients for checking in. It's something any small business marketer can learn from. (Source: Mashable)
5. How frequently you blog does count. Businesses that blog daily generate 5 times more traffic than those that post only weekly or daily. (Source: Social Media Examiner) Bonus tip: need ideas for all that content? Here's 100 of them to get you started.
6. Hashtag-stuffing tweets doesn't work. A study from Argyle Social shows that (in their sample) tweets with hashtags got 5% fewer click-throughs than those without hashtags. (Source: Social Media B2B)
7. If you follow more people than are following you, you could harm your Twitter account's SEO potential. Search engines “trust” those with more Twitter influence, and following many more people than follow you isn't always an indicator of that. (Source: Marketing Profs)
8. Building an online community? Show your power users that you appreciate their contributions. Do this by asking them for feedback, offering prizes and giveaways, and actually saying "thank you" for their interactions, mentions, and good content. (Source: Social Media Today)
9. Blog about the problems your product or service solves – not about the product or service. No one cares about you (yet.) Everyone cares about their own problems and if your product or service can help. (Source: Social Fresh)
10. Think of marketing as storytelling, and think of your customers as the characters. Think about what motivates them. Measure what patterns they display. Let their actions, wants, and needs drive the story. (Source: Joey Strawn)
11. Depressing tweets, vague tweets, tweets about your weight loss – and of course, our favorite, the humblebrag - these are all messages that are better kept to yourself. A little personality is fun. But for the most part, stay professional and positive. And always, always stay classy, of course. (Source: BostInnovation)
12. What does your social media strategy really need? It needs to answer simple questions. Who am I speaking to? What do they want from me online? How will this strategy evolve? It's not tools or tactics or having the perfect definition for either one. It comes down to these basic ideas that are all about tying social media to your businesses needs. (Source: Smart Blogs on Social Media)
13. Publishing a blog post on your company blog? Post several tweets of that post and track the success of different times and keywords for your followers. (Source: Social Media B2B)
14. Stop talking about yourself if you want more retweets. Want to get more RTs? Of course you do. They drive traffic to your blog posts, can boost SEO, and connect you with with more followers. According to Social Media Scientist Dan Zarrella's latest research, tweets with self-reference get fewer retweets than those with other information. So be relevant, share good information, and don't make it about yourself. (Source: Dan Zarrella)
15. The medium isn't the message. Remember that Twitter, Facebook, or whatever platform you're using isn't the strategy; it's a tool to distribute your message. (Source: Entrepreneur)
16. Choose to measure social media metrics that tell you how you're doing based on why you're doing social media in the first place. This will require you to step back and think about why you are tweeting, or why you have a Facebook Page. Is it because you want sales? Then measure conversion rates. Is it for market research? Then monitor trending topics. (Source: Clickz)
17. Use geo-location Twitter searches to identify local prospects to connect with. In Twitter's advanced search, you can refine your search by keyword and location. (Source: Jeff Bullas)
18. Use social media data to find your key influencers, outline your media plan, and develop your messaging. By listening to customer conversations on social media, companies can learn a lot of information about their competitors and industries that will help them better craft their marketing programs. (Source: Mashable)
19. Create a Facebook group to stay connected with those you meet at conferences months after the last panel. The new Facebook groups aren't the old “I lost my cell phone number” most people have been invited to at some point. New groups allow you to email content, use collaborative group docs similar to Google Docs (perfect for sharing Twitter usernames or other contact information), and message the whole group at the same time. (Source: Social Fresh)
20. Consider the timing of your social media posts – time of day, time of week, and time of year. If you're posting to your Facebook Page in the mornings but your audience isn't looking until after office hours, your updates are lost in the mix. If you work for a seasonal brand (think snowboards), how do you need to better tailor your content during the summer vs. the “on-season?” (Source: Search Engine Optimization Journal)
21. You don't need the voice of influencers – you need your brand advocates. Engaging with influencers just for the sake of having someone with 100,000 Twitter followers talk or blog about your product isn't useful because they aren't invested in your product. Your brand's existing advocates are. An influencer might get you quick buzz, but your brand advocates offer longevity. (Source: Danny Brown)
22. Have a common name? Use checkusernames.com to test personal brand monikers that will work for your social media handles and domain. It's likely that DanTaylor.com is already taken, but you can check to see what variations are available so you can create a cohesive personal brand across all social networks. (Source: The Next Web)
23. Plan your editorial calendar for what ebooks can result from your blog posts. Cranking out content for a company blog each day isn't easy, but if you approach your content creation strategically, you can do it in a way that scales for your business. (Source: Social Media B2B)
24. If you're going to tell people to “like” your company on Facebook, have something of value waiting there for them. Give them a reason why they should “like” you. (Source: Outspoken Media)
25. If your company makes a mistake on social media – think rogue tweets – step out and own up to the mistake. Don't pull any tricks and pretend you were hacked. (Source: Smart Blogs on Social Media)
26. Use social media contests as an opportunity to learn more about your customers. Ask them how they heard about your promotion to get a sense of what channels people use to learn more about your brand. (Source: Mashable)
27. Here are three universal content blueprints to include in your company's blogs: offer a new opinion, create a killer list, or teach your customers how to do something. (Source: Social Fresh)
28. Leverage social search and boost your rankings for target keywords by offering content (ebooks, webinars, etc.) and having community members pay with a tweet. Use hashtags.org to find hashtags that matter to your audience and work them into your pay with a tweet offering to tap into prospective community members on the web. (Source: SEOmoz)
29.) Include social sharing and follow buttons on your site, your blog, and in your emails. Use this how-to guide to learn how you can create them for all the major social media networks. (Source: HubSpot)
30. It seems obvious, but an often disregarded quality of great community and social media managers is great social skills. Tact and discernment go a long way. (Source: SocialFresh)
What social media marketing tips helped you out in 2011? Let us know in the comments!
Image Credit: daniel_iversen
click to enlarge Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder
Take a look at states that have implemented drug testing for welfare recipients. Tennessee discovered this year that less than 1 percent of welfare applicants use drugs. (It was 0.12 percent, to be exact, compared to the 8 percent of Tennesseans who use illegal drugs.) Utah spent about $30,000 on testing only to find that just 12 of 4,730 (that's one-quarter of 1 percent) welfare applicants tested positive for drugs. Those rates were higher in Florida, at 2.6% of applicants, but administering the program cost more than denying benefits saved, and the initiative was finally ended as a violation of the Fourth Amendment. In Virginia, a similar program was tossed because it would cost about $1.5 million to implement and would save less than one-fifth of that amount in benefits not distributed.
Welfare recipients in three counties across Michigan may be subjected to drug tests as part of a one-year pilot program created under a law signed Friday by Gov. Rick Snyder.By most accounts, it's a pointless, ineffective exercise But in a statement Friday, Snyder contended the $500,000 program would, somehow, "remove the barriers" that keep welfare recipients from obtaining a decent paying job."This pilot program is intended to ensure residents get the wrap-around services they need to overcome drug addiction and lead successful lives," Snyder, a Republican, said. "We'll then have opportunity to assess effectiveness and outcomes."
The outcome of the program is likely to be a failure. As MT's Michael Jackman wrote earlier this month In search of a problem for their solution of "removing barriers" or whatever, Snyder failed to acknowledge this sort of thing will likelythan it will save — without any real results. And don't take our word for it: According to the nonpartisan Senate Fiscal Agency , if a statewide program was eventually implemented to cover Michigan's roughly 80,000 welfare recipients, it would cost roughly $700,000 to $3.4 million to implement. By the agency's estimates, the program will potentially save Michigan taxpayers $370,000 to $3.7 million.That means, at best, we could save $300,000; at worst, we could. Not bad!It's worth noting that we've been down this path before, albeit under marginally different circumstances. In 1999, Michigan implemented a pilot program of random drug testing welfare recipients across the state. It lasted just five weeks before a federal judge found the program to be unconstitutional because, with the absence of suspicion, random drug test against poor citizens "would be dangerously at odds with the tenants of democracy." In the 1999 program's short history, about eight percen t of the applicants tested positive for drugs, "a percentage that is consistent with the drug use in the general population," the ACLU previously noted. Of the 268 individuals who were subjected to a test, that meant only 21 tested positive for drugs. All but three were for marijuana, the ACLU says.Under the program Snyder signed, however, the Michigan Department of Human Services will administer a suspicion-based screening and testing program using "an empirically validated substance abuse screening tool," the Senate Fiscal Agency says.Whatever that means, it's not described in the legislation. Chris Savage of Ann Arbor-based Eclectablog suggests it's possibly like "a pencil and paper test like the Substance Abuse Subtle Screening Inventory (SASSI)."With such historically low results, all this will do is reinforce the incorrect notion that welfare recipients use drugs more than the rest of the nation, as ACLU spokesperson Rana Elmir put it to the earlier this month . "Drug testing of welfare recipients is not only humiliating, these programs are a flagrant waste of resources that reinforce stereotypes about poor people," they told the newspaper. "The truth is individuals on public assistance are not any more likely to use drugs than others."As many as 21,000 adults across three counties, yet to be named, could be subjected to the new program. The Senate Fiscal Agency notes an applicant would be ineligible for benefits if they refused to take a test, "but could reapply after six months." A recipient would still receive benefits if they test positive once, and the Department of Human Services would be required to refer them to a community mental healthy program. The recipient would be ineligible to receive benefits if they fail a test a second time.And the ACLU's Elmir is right: It's not as if welfare recipients use drugs more than the rest of the nation. "The percentage of welfare recipients who use illegal drugs is similar to ... the percentage of drug users among the rest of the population," says the Senate Fiscal Agency. What's this pilot program about again?So there you go: While the state Legislature m anaged to punt a $1.3 billion issue to voters this coming May , it did manage to pass legislation that will likely prove costly, ineffective, and subject welfare recipients to a drug test based on suspicion garnered as the result of an "empirically validated substance abuse screening tool" that, for now, no one can describe.The program will begin by Oct. 1, 2015, and must wrap up no later than September 30, 2016. The state's Department of Human Services will issue a report on the program within 60 days of its completion.
Originality 95 Longevity 80 Overall Impact 80 Reader Rating 4 Votes 96 85 With an eclectic mix of odd time signatures, strange structures, staccato rhythms, seamless transitions, impassioned performances, and a range of genres, tricot show once again why they're the best math rock band on the planet
Japan is home to the unusual and tricot are no exception. The band have made big waves in the world of experimental math rock since their debut LP ‘T H E' in 2013. Their third, the aptly titled ‘3,' is everything fans would expect. An eclectic palette of unpredictable songwriting, it surges along with odd time signatures, strange structures, staccato rhythms, seamless transitions, impassioned performances, and a range of genres.
‘3' flaunts pop, punk, progressive rock, math rock, jazz, even a touch of disco at one point. The sum of these flavors is what makes tricot what they are. But what truly allows the band to transcend the ‘experimental math rock' label is the graceful and unapologetically poppy vocals of Ikumi Nakajima. Them voice brings a human, emotional element that the instruments, despite their fierce energy, can't. The fact that Nakajima sings while playing stringy leads and major/minor seventh chords in constantly changing time signatures is testament to their skill (I've seen tricot live—Nakajima is a machine!). The emotional power of the tracks speaks of the universality of music, as the lyrics are in Japanese, a fact that only adds to the intrigue.
The always-stellar guitar work of Motoko Kida is not in short supply. ‘3' is chock-full of truly creative riffs and licks given extra vibrancy by their signature style of playing, as well as that rough, slightly metallic tone they favor. This is particularly evident on ‘Pork Ginger,' which contrasts jagged, restless riffs with moments of reverb-drenched delay. An interesting effect enhances the bass at points here also, similar to that of the guitars on The Cure's ‘A Forest.' Stunning instrumentation features on ‘Sukima,' too, the outro of which shows tricot at their best. After a brief quiet section, the band dive back in to end the track with intricate lead guitar harmonizing beneath an impressive high-pitched vocal chant. An expression of ecstasy the track had been building towards, it's as flawlessly realised as everything tricot does.
‘18, 19' begins with a series of technically sublime drums fills. It's a reminder that Yusuke Yoshida can really bang those skins. Few drummers on the planet display such diverse skill and stamina. (Yoshida plays drums on all tracks except for seven and twelve, which feature Kosuke Wakiyama and Yuma Abe, respectively.) ‘Yosoiki' is the most poppy song. With an almost disco riff Nile Rodgers would be proud of and a catchy vocal hook, this is one of those tricot tracks that compels the listener to sing along phonetically. A funky bassline underpins ‘DeDeDe,' stealing the spotlight at points. What's so great about tricot is that the instruments are not only played equally impeccably, but get equal time to shine, too. True equality lives in this band.
Very little is wrong with ‘3.' ‘Pork Side,' a short interlude intended to break up the album, adds nothing and should have been cut. ‘Namu' and its rather annoying vocal chant is another throwaway. But even on tracks such as these, tricot's sheer talent is clear. Every note this band plays is valuable. As for the production of the album: it's perfect. There's a nice balance to the mix, and a very warm tone with natural, smooth-sounding top-end, such as on old jazz recordings. The mix isn't squashed, either. Performances of this kind of dynamic virtuosity are often smothered by the loudness war but ‘3' suffers no such fate. This is a record made for vinyl.
tricot may well be the best band in the world. They haven't quite achieved their masterpiece with ‘3,' but they've come close, and it's only been five years since ‘T H E.' Imagine them in another five.
tricot embark on a small European tour in August in support of ‘3'…
18 August – Dublin, Ireland, Whelan's
19 August – Bristol, UK, ArcTangent Festival
21 August – Glasgow, UK, Broadcast
22 August – Leicester, UK, Firebug Bar
25 August – London, UK, Bush Hall
27 August – Brighton, UK, The Haunt
29 August – Cardiff, UK, Clwb Ifor Bach
30 August – Leeds, UK, Headrow House
01 Sept. – Southampton, UK, The Joiners
02 Sept. – Paris, France, Le Batofar
03 Sept. – Haarlem, Netherlands, Patronaat
08 Sept. – St. Gallen, Switzerland, Grabenhalle
09 Sept. – Innsbruck, Austria, P.m.k. Innsbruck
‘3' is out now via Topshelf Records (U.S.A.), Big Scary Monsters (U.K.) and Bakuretsu (Japan).
Reading through the daily stack of trans related news items posted by the awesome archivists over at TG News, I stumbled upon an article from The Christian Post about the National Conference on Christian Apologetics held in Charlotte, NC last weekend. The column featured one of the conference's speakers, Dr. Michael Brown. As I started reading, it seemed like just another in a series of fear campaign columns we're accustomed to from neo fundamentalist Christian activists. By the time I was near to finishing I was wondering how the hell this so-called doctor had co-opted and appropriated my life?Dr. Brown has written some 20 books and is popular on the neo fundy fear campaign circuit.  They are something akin to a “Jew for Jesus”…(Hey…I'm Jewish!)…and their message is that it's time they (the Christian right) start waking up to the trans/homosexual agenda. Would you believe it? This didn't occur to them until about six years prior, but it's on their “radar” now. School systems are trying to find ways to discontinue discrimination against these non-conformists who, by the way, do not constitute a “protected class of individuals”. Society is ready to embrace these deviants who attempt to blur the sexes and this bothers Brown..He feels that most Christians and Christian theologians have stuck their necks in the sand and are either willing to be assimilated or are just waiting for the Rapture when they'll be out of here. Honest…the column actually contains this sentence: “Yet the prevailing thought in churches is that "this stuff is happening elsewhere" or that Jesus is coming back soon and "we're out of here any minute," Brown, a Jewish believer in Jesus, lamented.” This concept is mindboggling…let whatever's gonna happen here happen…we'll be long gone and it won't affect us or matter. And screw those perverts and sinners who are left holding the bag!At the root, as usual, is the straw man argument regarding trans persons and bathrooms (Hey…I'm trans!!). Referencing San Francisco Schools protocol, the article cites this provision “The policy for locker room accessibility states, "Transgender students shall not be forced to use the locker room corresponding to their gender assigned at birth. In other words, if Joey's convinced he's Jane, then they can use the girls' locker room and restroom, Brown summarized.”I have become accustomed to this simplistic and reductionist argument, but never inured to it. As usual, it's baseless and ignorant. As usual, it's predicated on provoking fear. And, as usual, logic is never sufficient towards dispelling these arguments.Now we get to the aw gee sensitive moment at the Christian Apologetics Conference. Lillian Kwon, the column's author, complains “Many schools are also using the Riddle Homophobia Scale, where repulsion, pity, tolerance, and acceptance are measured as homophobic. Meanwhile, "positive levels of attitudes" that are encouraged toward GLBT persons include support, admiration, appreciation, and nurturance.” How sensitive of you Lillian!! They add, “And while some may be extra sensitive in these times because of the recent bullying of GLBT students and teen suicides spotlighted in the media, Brown pointed out that there are some 4,000 to 5,000 suicides a year among teens and little is said about the other kids.” We can infer from this that Dr. Brown is less than sympathetic towards kids whose lives have become unbearable due to bullying. I suppose they resonate more with the repulsion, pity, tolerance,acceptance paradigm. I'd actually welcome the tolerance and acceptance were it genuine. We know it isn't.Dr. Brown has a new book about to published, aimed at raising attention to this problem amongst those who have been eating sand. The book is to be called “A Queer Thing Happened to America: What a Long, Strange Trip It's Been.”. (Wow…What a Long Strange Trip It's Been…Truckin'…the Grateful Dead…I'm a Deadhead!!!).It was here that I lost it. Okay…I suppose there may be several crazy Jewish people out there…and it's true,, we, as trans persons, and as trans activists, have seen the specters of transphobia and the bathroom issue before. But…now you've gone too far…appropriating the Grateful Dead's WALSTB?? The phrase is the stuff of legends and to have this so-called doctor co-opt such a major icon of Deadography goes way beyond the pale.In their own words, Dr. Brown states Their agenda like this “"We must take a stand for righteousness in our society. We're called to ... expose darkness and to be a moral conscience and moral preservative. If we're not shining the light, if we're not making a difference ... how's the world going to have a moral conscience and know the difference between right and wrong." How wonderful you've accepted the mission to be the world's moral compass! How fortunate we are!Well, Dr. Brown, do what you think you must, no matter how pathological your mission is. The world IS changing and history will prove your form of bigotry to be unsustainable. And…if you ever actually listened to the Grateful Dead, perhaps your perspective wouldn't be so DEAD wrong!! But…and I repeat this…keep your hands off my music and the Grateful Dead!!. Cuz…now I'm REALLY pissed!!!
It's time for another important Ubuntu release cycle. The upcoming Ubuntu 11.10 codenamed Oneiric Ocelot won't be bombarded with the kind of sweeping changes that its predecessor had to deal with. But in terms of the importance, Oneiric Ocelot might be an even bigger release. A quick peek into the important changes for upcoming Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot.
Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot - What's New?
The Goal is 200 Million Ubuntu Users in 4 Years!
Probably for the first time ever since Ubuntu was formed way back in 2004, Mark Shuttleworth laid out an ambitious goal to achieve, 200 Million Ubuntu users in 4 years, that's pretty steep! But hey, everyone pooh poohed at the very idea of Android few years back and
LightDM to Replace GDM as Ubuntu's Default Display Manager
LightDM is a lightweight display manager that is going to replace GDM as default in Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. Do you remember those awesome
LightDM is much lighter then GDM and is also very easy to theme since it uses HTML, CSS and Javascript. Remember the good old days when GDM Login Window supported theming? Gnome-Look was bursting with awesome GDM themes and we might just get all those back. Switch to LightDM is a very wise decision IMO.
Better App Integration With Unity Launcher
As we have seen from the reactions already, a number of long time Ubuntu users are not really happy with the latest Ubuntu 11.04 Natty Narwhal, mostly because of the unfinished nature of Unity interface. Canonical will try to mitigate the rough edges and usability issues of Unity interface by fine tuning Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. Here are some of the important decisions on Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot taken during Ubuntu Developer Summit 2011.Probably for the first time ever since Ubuntu was formed way back in 2004, Mark Shuttleworth laid out an ambitious goal to achieve, 200 Million Ubuntu users in 4 years, that's pretty steep! But hey, everyone pooh poohed at the very idea of Android few years back and look where it is now . Anyways, this can't be characterized as a 'decision' as such and cannot be included in the list of changes that is going to affect Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. Though it was an interesting move by Mark Shuttleworth and one the highlights of Ubuntu Developer Summit 2011. Watch Mark Shuttleworth's keynote address to the attendees of UDS 2011 here LightDM is a lightweight display manager that is going to replace GDM as default in Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. Do you remember those awesome GNOME Login Screen mockups we featured here some time ago? The author of those mockups actually recommended using LightDM instead of GDM for future Ubuntu releases. That's exactly what happened here. It was decided unanimously by attendees of Ubuntu Developer Summit(UDS) to use LightDM as default display manager of Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot.LightDM is much lighter then GDM and is also very easy to theme since it uses HTML, CSS and Javascript. Remember the good old days when GDM Login Window supported theming? Gnome-Look was bursting with awesome GDM themes and we might just get all those back. Switch to LightDM is a very wise decision IMO.
No More Classic Gnome Desktop, Unity 2D Will Switch from Metacity to Compiz
Default Ubuntu CD will not be shipped with classic GNOME desktop anymore and instead, Unity 2D will become the fall back desktop. This is not news since it was decided so, much earlier. But there was another major decision. Unity 2D will run on Compiz instead of Metacity! Until now, I had no clue on Compiz's ability to run on non accelerated pieces of hardware. The new launcher is one of the highlights of Unity interface. But the capabilities of Unity launcher has not been fully utilized. Quicklists gave you a glimpse of what can be achieved in terms of application integration in Unity. That's not all. Unity launcher has the capabilities to display progress bars, count badges etc. as well. You can expect a lot of that and more in upcoming Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot.Default Ubuntu CD will not be shipped with classic GNOME desktop anymore and instead, Unity 2D will become the fall back desktop. This is not news since it was decided so, much earlier. But there was another major decision. Unity 2D will run on Compiz instead of Metacity! Until now, I had no clue on Compiz's ability to run on non accelerated pieces of hardware.
Even More Improved Ubuntu Software Center
Gone are the days when Ubuntu Software Center(USC) was just another default application in Ubuntu which nobody used. USC got maximum attention during last two Ubuntu release cycles and Ubuntu's very own application store has been completely transformed now. But Canonical is not yet done with the changes. Here are some of the proposed Ubuntu Software Center improvements for Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot release cycle.
Ubuntu Software Center startup performance is not good enough at the moment and a performance boost is ideal.
Larger icons of applications for a more touch friendly GUI.
Enhanced Unity launcher integration.
Further simplification of the UI - Completely remove the left navigation pane, expander is tiny and often unnoticed, should expand by default especially Get Software and so on.
Improved offline behavior, currently USC prohibit any install/remove actions to take place when no network connection is available. Better approach would be to add actions to a queue and offer to action when an internet connection is established.
More such suggestions can be found here.
PiTiVi, Computer Janitor out, Deja Dup in
Computer Janitor and PiTiVi Video Editor will not find its place in Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot. At the same time, there is an useful inclusion too. Deja Dup is a simple desktop backup tool which most probably will find its way into Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric Ocelot.
Mozilla Thunderbird Might Make it Too
Barcelona: '33 Juve titles'
By Football Italia staff
Barcelona have tipped their hat towards Juventus ahead of the Champions League Final by declaring they have 33 Scudetti.
The two giants go head-to-head in Berlin on Saturday evening for the trophy.
The official Barça Twitter account ran an infographic with “everything you need to know about Juventus.”
This included a list of their silverware and 33 editions of the Serie A title.
It has been a matter of contention, as the 2004-05 and 2005-06 Scudetti were stripped by the FIGC in the Calciopoli scandal.
The Juventus Stadium has 33 in very large font on the front entrance and merchandise confidently declares they have won 33 titles.
However, the FIGC, UEFA and FIFA officially recognise only 31 of those.
The 2004-05 edition was left unassigned, while the 2005-06 campaign was handed to Inter.
The US must step up support for French troops fighting Islamic State in West Africa, the French defense minister said during a visit to Washington, even as US officials sparred over the ambush in Niger that left four US service members dead.
“Much more needs to be done,” Defense Minister Florence Parly said after a meeting Friday with their US counterpart James Mattis and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, according to Reuters. “We can't be and don't want to be, the praetorian (guards) of sovereign African countries. They must be made able to defeat terror on their own.”
Read more
Without US support, Parly said, the mission is likely to fail.
The French-backed G5 Sahel force is intended to bolster the security capabilities of Chad, Niger, Burkina Faso, Mali and Mauritania, all former French colonies in West Africa. Mattis said the US has sent around 1,000 US troops to Niger in order to provide training and security assistance to the country's armed forces.
Islamist insurgencies sprung up in the area after NATO-backed rebels overthrew the Libyan government in 2011. Following the murder of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi by the rebels on October 20 that year, Libya collapsed into chaos and anarchy, allowing Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS, ISIL) and other militants to establish footholds and arm their followers using weapons pillaged from Libyan arsenals.
In 2012, France intervened in Mali to stop IS-backed guerrillas. Some 4,000 French troops remain in the region as part of Operation Barkhane, working alongside 10,000 UN peacekeepers.
Read more
Washington has been providing bilateral assistance, intelligence and training for regional security operations but it is ambivalent towards the French-backed Sahel force and has pushed back against UN requests to support it.
Following the meeting with Parly, Mattis met privately with Senator John McCain (R-Arizona), head of the Armed Services Committee and a prominent backer of the Libyan intervention, who demanded answers about the Niger ambush that left 4 US soldiers dead and injured two more.
The Pentagon had said that 40-50 militants ambushed a 12-man US force on joint patrol with Nigerien troops near the border with Mali on October 4. The patrol was seen as routine and had been carried out nearly 30 times in the six months before the attack.
Emerging from the meeting, Mattis promised better lines of communication with Congress. McCain had threatened to subpoena the White House for information regarding the ambush, but said Mattis was “clearing a lot of that up now.”
While it was President Barack Obama who set up US presence in Niger, the Trump administration needs to maintain it, said Senator Lindsey Graham (R-South Carolina), another member of the committee.
“The war is headed to Africa. It is beginning to morph as we suppress the enemy in the Middle East. They are going to move, they are not going to quit,” said Graham, according to C-SPAN. “We don't want the next 9/11 to come from Niger.”
New research has warned that a 'culture conducive' to non-violent extremism has emerged on campuses and that universities are still vulnerable to radical preachers, despite past warnings.
Student Rights, a group dedicated to protecting "equality, democracy and freedom" from extremism operating on university campuses, has released a new report on extremism and Higher Education in the UK, and warned of a widespread "culture" in Higher Education which allows for the promotion of non-violent extremism.
The report, Preventing? Challenges to Counter-Radicalisation Policy on Campus, warns that "extreme or intolerant speakers" are still being invited onto campuses, that "extremist material" is being shared on the social media pages of student societies and that institutions were being targeted by extremist activists from both the far-right and by Islamists.
The group has logged 400 instances of extremist speakers appearing on UK campuses in 2012-14 alone.
According to the new research, "The speakers featured have suggested that there is a Western war against Islam; supported individuals convicted of terrorism offences; expressed intolerance of non-believers and/or minorities; and espoused religious law as a method of socio-political governance – opposing democracy in the process."
The report notes the high volume of students involved in Islamist inspired terror attacks who were studying at UK universities when they were believed to have been radicalised.
Events were "most likely to take place in London," and several guest speakers appeared in reports repeatedly. The University of Westminster, Queen Mary University of London, the School of Oriental and African Studies, Aston University and King's College London among others all featured regularly in lists of 'worst offenders' for the number and type of events held with radical preachers.
From data gathered at universities across the UK, the report found that the majority of events with extremist speakers "host just one orator, and rarely act as debates. Instead, they tend to function as unchallenged platforms where extreme or intolerant speakers are presented as religious or political authorities."
A very small volume of planned events featuring extremist speakers at university campuses were cancelled.
In contrast, the report also notes instances of secularist speakers and atheist students being harassed or having their events "violently threatened" by Islamists.
NSS spokesperson Stephen Evans commented on the report's findings, "while secularist and non-religious groups regularly face difficulties, including harassment and threats from Student Unions and university officials, it seems like many Higher Education institutions are still turning a blind eye to Islamist extremists.
"The director of the London School of Economics recently suggested that atheists on campuses were becoming 'militant'. It is farcical that such a claim should be made, much less at a time when so many institutions are allowing non-violent extremism to manifest itself so freely on their campuses."
The report warns that "malicious narratives" about Prevent are impeding its effectiveness and notes that "criticisms have predominantly focused on the claims that Prevent is a racist policy which portrays Muslims as a suspect community" The research notes that "many of these criticisms appear to have been directly influenced by extremist groups, which have made opposition to the Prevention strategy a significant campaigning platform.
A letter against the Prevention strategy was released by the Independent on Friday 10 July, and alongside academics it included signatories like Haitham al-Haddad and Asim Qureshi of CAGE. There was a furore in February 2015 after Al-Haddad was invited to speak at the University of Westminster Islamic Society. The radical preacher previously said they believe homosexuality is a "criminal act".
Student Rights also notes that the NUS has voted to work with CAGE, an example, the report, says, of student groups pledging to collaborate with "extremist groups which promote these narratives" about Prevent.
Student Rights warns that much "student criticism of Prevent has been influenced by extremist narratives" and calls for more work on "identifying the relevant narratives which work to undermine the strategy". It also urges universities to foster an atmosphere "which encourages and supports students who seek to challenge extremist speakers and material" and for a "sector-wide speaker policy."
Counter-extremism think tank Quilliam has revealed plans to launch several student-affiliated societies at British universities, in an effort to counteract the spread and reach of radical thought on campuses. One proposed Quilliam Foundation society at the University of Exeter would champion "liberalism, human rights, free speech and pluralism."
Coun. Matthew Green's complaint about being "carded" by Hamilton police has been substantiated and they say a disciplinary hearing has been set for next month.
In a brief statement to CBC News, Green said they learned this week that the Office of the Independent Police Review Director has completed its complaint investigation process and rendered a decision.
They said they also learned that a Police Services Act hearing is scheduled for Dec. 15, "involving my April 26 arbitrary street check."
The OIPRD website says that "when complaints are substantiated serious, they proceed to a disciplinary hearing."
The April incident re-ignited the local discussion about racial profiling, the controversial practice of carding or street checks and the emotional and psychological impact that police activity in a diverse city can have on people on the receiving end of that activity.
'What are you doing there?'
It's been six months since Green, the city's first black councillor, was waiting for a bus on the corner of Stinson Street and Victoria Avenue South.
They were standing in the cold, checking emails on their phone, around 3 p.m. on a Tuesday, when they said they were stopped and questioned for several minutes by a Hamilton Police officer who seemed not to realize who they are.
"What are you doing there?" was the first thing Green said they heard the officer say.
For those of you who think police carding is over. I was just arbitrarily stopped/questioned by <a href="https://twitter.com/HamiltonPolice">@HamiltonPolice</a> as a City Clr in my own city —@MGreenWard3 Coun. Matthew Green of Ward 3 and Julia Horton, equity vice president of CUPE Local 5167, listen to a police services board discussion last June about street checks. (Samantha Craggs/CBC)
The incident came less than a week after Hamilton Police Acting Chief Ken Weatherill said a dramatic drop in street checks last year was in part because the service doesn't need the tool as much anymore.
Asked earlier in the week for an update on the status of Green's complaint, Hamilton Police spokesperson Catherine Martin told CBC News that the service does not comment on employer-employee relations.
"As a Service, we respect the PSA process and do not comment in order to protect the integrity of the proceedings," Martin said. "Please note that PSA proceedings are open to the public."
'He repeatedly questioned my credibility'
While Green said at the time they didn't know what the officer was thinking, they feel they were approached and questioned because they are black.
They felt like a suspect in their own neighbourhood, they said. They felt intimidated, frustrated and angry.
People who've been stopped by police when they haven't done anything wrong say that being asked random questions by police when you're minding your own business – and having it happen more than once – sticks with them. That's something that people who oppose carding and street checks have cited as a reason for reform.
A statement released Friday Nov. 4, 2016 from Councillor Matthew Green on the OIPRD Carding Incident. (Coun. Matthew Green)
"He repeatedly questioned my credibility, acting in an intimidating manner and continued to harass me even though it was clear I was not a suspect in any crime nor involved in criminal activity," Green wrote in the formal complaint they filed.
The main interaction is described between Green and one officer, but it is not known if the disciplinary hearing will include more than one officer.
kelly.bennett@cbc.ca
Is It Primal? – Chai, Rice Noodles, Choffy, and Other Foods Scrutinized By Mark Sisson
It never ends, does it? Right when you feel like you can settle down into your way of eating, right when you're about to draw the blanket made of plants, animals, and maybe a little dark chocolate up around your shoulders and drift off to a restful sleep in your pitch black room untainted by artificial lighting, a niggling doubt of a question worms its way into your head: is [insert food or drink that you've loved since childhood/wondered about since going Primal/been asked about from curious friends] Primal? And so you toss off the blanket, leap out of bed, throw open your laptop and fire away an email to me asking about the food's place in the lifestyle. I don't blame you, because I'm constantly doing the same kind of thing with my own question mark foods.
Yes, it's that time again, boys and girls: another edition of “Is it Primal?” This should be a fun one with wide appeal, because today we're dealing with a variety of foods from around the world. Chai, the famous Indian tea, gets top billing, followed by rice noodles and Choffy. Then, I finish off with my take on “gluten-free” real sourdough bread and Marmite.
Chai
I've written about chai before, believe it or not, because “chai” simply means “tea.” So, when you're ordering “chai tea” and the Indian gent behind you chuckles quietly to himself, it's because you've just ordered “tea tea.” What we're really talking about when we talk about chai is masala chai, or mixed-spice tea, the aromatic, velvety, slightly (or incredibly, depending on how you take it) sweet hot beverage.
Now that we're on the same page, let's get something out of the way: your chai latte from Starbucks is not Primal. Your chai ice cream isn't either, nor is the chai Belgian waffle topped with a dollop of chai whipped cream, nor is the blended iced caramel chai-atto that I just made up on the spot. But actual masala chai, absent syrupy processed sweeteners and spray can whip cream? This is good, even great stuff.
Think about what you might get in masala chai:
Tea – Whether it's black, green, white, oolong, or puer, tea is one of the richest sources of dietary antioxidants around (PDF). It's strongly associated with a host of health benefits.
Cinnamon – Besides tasting great, this spice improves insulin sensitivity, improves blood lipids, boasts a strong antioxidant supply, and has anti-carcinogenic activity.
Ginger – Broadly anti-inflammatory, ginger is a potent source of antioxidants with inhibitory effects on high blood sugar, cancer, and bad blood lipids.
Cardamom – Cardamom has been shown to lower blood pressure in hypertensives and have chemopreventive properties.
Fennel – Fennel seed is another spice with antioxidant potential, including the ability to inhibit lipid peroxidation.
Clove – Clove has one of the highest levels of antioxidant activity around and contains a large number of bioactive compounds.
Not all those spices are used in every form of chai, but some of them will appear.
However, traditional masala chai does include milk and some kind of sweetener, maybe coconut sugar or honey or even just white sugar – oftentimes lots of it. So, while the tea itself and the spice constituents are undoubtedly healthy and Primal, the sugar they add probably isn't.
Verdict: Primal, but you might try asking them to go easy on the sugar (or just make it yourself and control what goes into it directly).
Choffy
First off, what's Choffy? It's like coffee, only instead of roasted coffee beans being ground up and steeped in hot water, it's roasted cacao beans being ground up and steeped in hot water to make a hot, antioxidant-rich beverage.
Unlike coffee, there's not a lot of published research about Choffy – none at all, to my knowledge – making a solid, research-backed proclamation nearly impossible. According to the makers of Choffy, though, an 8 ounce cup has an ORAC rating of 4874.4 ?mole TE. If that's true, it has more antioxidants than “two servings of blueberries.” And that makes perfect sense. Cacao is full of polyphenols, and polyphenols come with all sorts of health benefits. If those polyphenols shine through in the brewed Choffy, I'm all for it. I don't see why they wouldn't, especially seeing as how the application of hot water to another type of ground up bean – the coffee bean – extracts plenty of polyphenols with plenty of health effects.
What it doesn't have is the considerable caffeine content of coffee (it's got a tiny amount), but it does have theobromine, a methylxanthine. Caffeine is another methylxanthine. But while caffeine raises blood pressure in the short term, theobromine lowers it. Theobromine, on the other hand, lead to “decreased calmness,” while caffeine increased alertness and contentedness. Some people report having severe cases of “the jitters” after dark chocolate; others report severe cases of “the bliss” after chocolate. I'm one of the latter group, so I'd probably do well on Choffy. Oh, and that same study found that combining caffeine and theobromine gave subjects the improved mood without the increased blood pressure, which makes me wonder what good things would happen if you brewed Choffy with coffee.
Verdict: Primal; after all, didn't I tell you that you should eat and drink high-cacao chocolate?
Rice Noodles
One of my secret pleasures is a really good bowl of Vietnamese pho. I don't eat it very often – usually whenever I happen to be in Orange County near Little Saigon – and I'll more often than not leave a good number of noodles in the otherwise empty bowl when I'm done, but I find it difficult to pass up a good bowl of real bone broth, Thai basil, and odd bits of beef like tripe, tendon, and fatty brisket just because it comes with some rice noodles. I've gone over why I don't think rice is particularly problematic when compared to other grains before, and that reasoning stands with rice noodles.
I would urge the consumption of white rice noodles over brown rice noodles based on personal experience. Whenever I've had the “pleasure” of eating brown rice pasta, I feel somewhat unwell afterwards. Maybe it's the increased bran. Maybe it's the weird texture. Maybe it's the added phytic acid.
Also, research indicates that owing to their inherent slurpability, noodles are subject to far less mastication than whole grain rice. This disparity in mastication is inadvertent on our parts, by design on noodle makers' parts. Noodles are basically meant to slide right down the throat, nary a gnashing tooth in sight. This makes it easier to shovel in more calories, of course, but not just because you're eating faster. Your satiety hormones are actually regulated by how much you chew your food, and a study showed that by not chewing your food sufficiently, your ghrelin levels (which make you hungry) stay higher and you eat more food. When you chew each bite 40 times, ghrelin levels drop.
Make sure your white rice noodles are made with just rice. Some places add wheat flour.
Verdict: Not Primal, but if you're eating rice, rice noodles are the same thing (and they often come with delicious bone broth).
“Gluten-Free” Real Sourdough Bread
Awhile back, I mentioned the legend of Bezian, the man with the sourdough bread that gluten-intolerants and celiacs alike could apparently tolerate. They operate out of LA and sells their wares at the Santa Monica farmers market, so I figured I'd pay a visit and give the stuff a shot. I'm not celiac, and I can get away with the odd bite of bread at a restaurant or the very occasional beer, but I get very distinct, very noticeable effects from eating a significant portion of wheat. Diving into an actual loaf of bread would surely elicit a few symptoms.
So I got a small loaf of the “most fermented” bread they had. It was maybe five bucks and had been fermented for almost a month, according to Bezian. I got home, toasted up a slice, spread some butter on it, and had a bite. It was good bread, that was for sure, sour and chewy and dense (the butter didn't hurt, either). I had another slice, plus a few hard boiled eggs and a small green salad, just to make a meal of it. Then, I waited. Usually, thirty minutes or so post-wheat, I'll want to use the bathroom. I'll sometimes feel a bit spacey, as if I've been drugged (not in a good way, either). This didn't happen. Playing lab rat for the sake of this post, I proceeded to eat the rest of it over the course of a few more days with my family, and no one had anything unpleasant to report. All good then?
Not quite. We know that the right fermentation conditions can produce bread that is technically gluten-free, but those were tightly controlled lab conditions that most bakers simply don't have. I know that actual bread makers (like Bezian) can produce bread that I don't obviously react to and which may be tolerated by celiacs, but then again, I'm not a celiac and there are all sorts of other damage that could be occurring underneath the hood, unbeknownst to me (many people sensitive to gluten are asymptomatic).
If you “have” to eat bread, this kind of sourdough is the best you can probably get. But really? It's the best you probably can't get, not unless you're willing to fly out to LA and buy it from Bezian, or maybe unless you figure out the specific strains of yeast used by the Italian authors of the fermentation study to degrade the gluten so you can make it yourself. Sure, there's also the chance that someone else is doing bread the right way, but you have to find them, and in this day and age of real foodiesm, I don't think someone making real bread that celiacs can eat would go unnoticed.
Or, you know, you could just eat everything else that doesn't seem to cause us problems – like plants and animals.
All that said, curious Primal Angelenos could always check out Bezian's stand themselves; I'd be interested to see their responses.
Verdict: Not Primal, but it's definitely the best bread you can do and I'd wager that it's less harmful than regular bread.
Marmite
At first, I was going to write this one off. I mean, as an American I don't know a whole lot about Marmite, but I was vaguely aware of it as a disgusting, overly processed brown paste that doubles as food. Since Marmite is pretty popular and I received a good number of questions about it and I trust my readers, I thought I'd take a closer look.
Marmite is made from brewer's yeast, which is what it sounds like (the yeast used to make beer, Saccharomyces cerevisiae), plus salt and various vegetable and spice extracts. Brewer's yeast contains naturally occurring B-vitamins, which make Marmite a pretty nutrient-dense food, but nowadays the naturally-occurring folate (folate was actually discovered through Marmite), riboflavin, and other B-vitamins are supplemented with fortified versions. They also add B12, which does not naturally occur in brewer's yeast. And although it's processed, that doesn't necessarily make it harmful. You might make an argument for the addition of fortified synthetic vitamins being an issue – Chris Kresser certainly would in regards to folic acid. If that's the case for you, too, you could always try making your own marmite.
And the UK version's gluten-free; the Australian and New Zealand versions may not be.
Verdict: Primal limbo. It doesn't seem all that offensive, but I'm not sure what you're gonna eat it on if not bread and the synthetic vitamins are potentially troublesome. I guess you just had to be there (in Britain/Australia/New Zealand as a kid, that is) to get it.
That's it for today, guys. Keep the questionable foods coming and I'll keep on answering them as best I can. Thanks for reading!
Grab a Copy of The Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation and Start Getting Primal Today!
Post navigation
If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here!
Paging Mr. Robespierre. A mock Donald Trump effigy (unfortunately not a piñata), was hung and beheaded on the steps of Salt Lake City's city hall building (below) on Friday afternoon, in part of a nationwide fit of anger against the Republican presidential candidate. Earlier in the procedings, the Trump effigy was a little bit more recognizable, as can be seen in the video above.
"How can Trump run a country when they can't even do their hair right!?" yells a man who according to reporting from The American Mirror, and confirmed by their Twitter profile, is a barista at a local Starbucks (below).
Nicole Vowell of KSL 5 tweeted several videos of protesters standing on the steps of city hall Friday.
#livetweet #dumptrump YES THATS ME AND I JUST LED A REVOLUTION pic.twitter.com/va8R9yPkkC — Hans Styles (@hanskurzius) March 19, 2016
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
"Yes that's me," the man posted on Twitter that afternoon. "AND I JUST LED A REVOLUTION"His Twitter biography states: "smile ,do a pushup, sing a song, make a joke, eat some food❤️ ... Barista @starbucks""What's the biggest threat in the world today?" chanted more protesters earlier. "Donald Trump in the U.S.A.""Alright, I'm going to do it one more time, and then pass it off to myover here."Video recorded here...
And the latest example of Star Trek tech becoming reality is the Genie, a device that echoes Trek's food replicators. Created by a pair of Israeli entrepreneurs, Ayelet Carasso and Doron Marco, it relies on pods—akin to the inner workings of espresso machines—to turn natural baking ingredients and freeze-dried fruits and vegetables into personalize meals... in just 30 seconds.
Eventually, Marco told the news service Reuters, Genie will know a person's microbiome and will prepare the pod specifically for that person. "You will eat better, even tastier and healthier," they said. Marco also shared their desire for the Genie to be put to use in countries without enough food to feed their populations.
"In our world, we are getting fat and we are throwing away a lot of food, (and) in their world, they don't have any food," they said. "So if you use Genie, you can distribute the food better, you can have the shelf life much longer without the preservatives, give the people better food for them. We can even the food distribution in the world. That's a very, very important goal for us."
On dual-GPU laptops, nVidia appears to be deliberately disabling use of the faster GPU in browsers. This means on their systems modern web-based games using WebGL can only ever use the weak GPU, which can be even slower than a mobile phone's GPU.
A little background: mid- and high-end laptops commonly ship with two GPUs. There's a weak, slow one which is low-power and designed to maximise your battery life while doing non-intensive work like email. Then theres a powerful, fast, power-hungry GPU that's designed to maximise performance while playing games or plugged in to mains power. Sometimes the laptop's power settings will switch between them depending on whether it has mains power. There may also be a special tool to designate which GPU to use for each application on the computer, so you can set games to always use the powerful GPU for example.
In the case of nVidia, they have the nVidia Control Panel. However with the latest driver updates, the nVidia control panel strangely seems to have the GPU setting disabled for Chrome, Firefox and IE - all of which support WebGL in their latest versions.
This appears to be a deliberate descision by nVidia, to "prevent using power needlessly". This doesn't make sense. It would be a sensible default when running on battery, but you can't even change the setting even when you're plugged in to mains power and want to kick off some awesome browser-based gaming like the Epic Citadel demo, or any Construct 2 game.
I have an expensive laptop at home which has a weak GPU (Intel HD 4000) backed by a powerful chip (GeForce GTX 675M). Running this performance test it scores a paltry 1250 sprites at 30 FPS in Chrome. For comparison, my Nexus 5 phone (with a chipset by Qualcomm) happily shoots up to over 17000 sprites - well over ten times faster.
There's a crazy workaround (see the answer involving the mklink command). Using that my laptop can then blow past my Nexus 5 scoring well over 25000 sprites at 30 FPS in Chrome (surprisingly, not that much faster than the Nexus 5...). Unfortunately, nVidia don't provide any way at all for ordinary users to set that. So you might have paid a lot of money for a really powerful chip, and nVidia won't let you use it for browser games.
The good news is node-webkit exports appear to be unaffected - nVidia seem to have hard-coded in the detection.
Perhaps the real reason is they are unable to write drivers that work, since browsers are significantly different to the games the drivers are designed towards. Still, I'll definitely think twice before buying a laptop with a dual nVidia GPU in it in future. I don't know if dual AMD GPUs are similarly affected, but let's hope not. I don't know how the incumbent desktop GPU vendors could hope to compete with the new mobile world if you can pop out your phone and get a much better experience than your laptop. Let's hope nVidia change their mind!
Article presented by Affinity
Created within a two-week deadline period for Wizard Jam 4, The Bear's Black Heart by Big Bad Studios involves players in a race against hunger and increasing cold as you find food and interact with a host of characters.
Everybody you meet has unexpected replies to the choices you make and both their and your actions can be a little nutty sometimes! Can you reason with Eric the Actor? Can you seek directions from David Bowie's ghost?
There's been massive interest in the game since YouTube "big beast" Markiplier put out a gameplay video.
Below, Bob Byrne of Spanish-Irish game developers Big Bad Studios explain how they used Affinity Designer to create characters for the game – up against an incredibly tight timescale.
***
We decided to take part in Wizard Jam, a yearly challenge where you have two weeks to create a game from scratch. The only stipulation is that the game title must be selected from an existing list.
We chose "The Bear's Black Heart."
Step 1: Pencil sketches
As always, I began by working up pencil sketches. This was my first game jam but I'd completed the comic artist equivalent a few times, for example, 24hr Comics Day, which is essentially doing a month's work in one day. Same deal though, you're given a title and off you go.
Having a hard deadline with no real negative consequences unlocks something inside you. For artists or designers who struggle with procrastination these projects are invaluable.
I figured it also gave me an opportunity to really test drive Affinity Designer v1.5. I'd been playing with it on and off but after this project I'm entirely sold on it for all design work including print and UI stuff.
Step 2 - Character Design
I had no idea what the gameplay style would actually be but when Abban (my gamedev partner) showed me their Unity prototype I knew the character would be physically small on screen, so they needed to be bold and chunky.
Having their heart on their stomach like the Care Bears was too obvious so I developed the ‘jar bear' idea with some sketches in Affinity Designer.
Previously in other apps I would break out the Wacom tablet and do some sketches. But I quickly realized that - even though Affinity apps are optimized for Wacom - the Pen tool in Affinity Designer is so smooth and intuitive that I just used my mouse.
I jumped the gun and made a sprite sheet, although in the end we decided to use Spine instead. No harm though as it only took a few minutes to reposition and pose them to make this sprite sheet, they are mostly made up of Symbols and Styles so if needed, I could re-style them directly no problem.
Because in Affinity the Export Persona is only one click away, I didn't have to fret about targeting different sizes and remaking the sheet if changes were required. Trying to do all that in Photoshop would make my heart sag.
Step 3 Environments and assets
Once the character looked solid I created some tileset environment tests. Everything was created in one Affinity Designer document; by using Artboards there's no need danger of getting lost in a mess of files and I can keep working a fast pace ... the clock was ticking on this project.
In Affinity Designer, the Symbols feature makes mocking up environments and creating final game assets so easy. The trees in the game are actually just one leaf! Check out how I can change every instance on leaf Symbol in a few clicks.
Then to create the Winter and Autumn variations I just used Layer Adjustments to change the tone. It's ideal for rapidly making and testing a tileset for your game.
Here's one of the final tilesets we used
I also had to create a bunch of Non-Playing Characters, Title Screen, Icon and promo screenshots.
The NPC's were fun and I wanted to continue making them but, yeah...tick-tock!
Lumberjack
Step 4 - Affinity to Spine
In Affinity Designer 1.5 you can now export for Spine JSON, which was another massive time saver.
And I must say it was genuinely painless getting the model rigged and ready from Affinity to Spine. If time permitted, we would have liked to add blinks and animation on the liquid bubbles and so on, but again we had a looming deadline on this.
Step 5 - Title screen and Icon
App icons...the bolder and stronger the better. Plus we needed something which doubled as the icon and Title Screen. This is the best thing about working fast and lean; you need to be economical with everything and, most of the time, simplicity is the best. Decisions have to be taken without hesitation.
That wonderful green glow gradient is just a simple Style which you can create by right-clicking on any shape and hitting Create Style.
Again, I used Symbols in Affinity Designer, just in case I needed to edit fast or even reuse their arms on a different character
The two-week deadline approached very fast as we juggled real life and work stuff. We spent all day Sunday before the bell rang making the actual game content and promo stuff like the screenshots and video:
Wizard Jam 2016 - The Bears Black Heart from Wukomi on Vimeo.
It was a long night. My eyes were stinging from screen time (and brandy!). But we did it and it is the game has been well received so far.
We were blown away to see the Markiplier ‘Let's Play…' video and the response has been amazing. We're definitely going to use the bear again in our new game Woodland Run.
All in all, a great experience and I recommend any kind of similar “imposed deadline projects” to everyone. Not just for games but anything in the creative field.
Affinity Designer
Affinity Designer is shaping up to be the weapon of choice for increasing numbers of game developers. I honestly couldn't have gotten this amount of work done in such a short window without it.
It's got export for Spine, silky smooth Raster and Vector tools, a Constraint Tool for resizing UIs to different screen dimensions, plus improved versions of all the standard features which you have come to expect from other design apps.
At a competitive one time price, it's more than worth a look for pro and even casual game developers.
More info on Affinity Designer https://affinity.serif.com/designer/?MC=DWDMUIADV3
Check out the game here https://bigbad.itch.io/the-bears-black-heart
Posted on -
It's now been five years since I put up the list of my top 10 futurist movies, and the original post continues to be the most viewed article on this website out of the 200+ available. So, it's about time that it got an update! All image and title links go through to Amazon, and any purchases you make help to support Future Conscience.
Without further ado, here's the 2015 version of the Future Conscience Top 10 Futurist Films:
10. Metropolis (1927) – This film is the patriarch of futurist cinema, the great-great-grandaddy of them all. A silent film, it keeps you interested with its wonderful sets evoking the then brand new Art Deco style and using it to depict a vast future city of both luxury and hardship. It's notable from a futurist perspective mainly for being one of the first films to feature the concept of an android, exploring the dichotomy between human and machine. It also set the groundwork for many future films in highlighting the dystopian reality that often lies behind utopian facades; here presented as a scathing attack on what could be one outcome of industrialised capitalism taken to its extreme.
This juxtaposition of utopia/dystopia is a theme that continues to run throughout the science fiction genre and for the most part we have Metropolis to thank for that. Great film, and the one that really started it all.
9. Limitless (2011) – The development of technology and medicine geared towards cognitive enhancement is a fascinating area that has sparked a lot of necessary debate about the ethics and philosophy of science. Beyond being an exciting and engaging action flick, Limitless is a film that really nails a view of what such enhancement might mean and how coveted it will be by those with deep-seated vested interests. There's a new television series produced by Bradley Cooper about to come out that follows on as a sequel to the film, so now's a great time to check out the original and get yourself hyped!
8. Sunshine (2007) – There are a lot of space-based movies that could be included on this list, but there's something about the visionary confidence of Sunshine that places it into that important futurist space where philosophy, technology and a bit of madness collide. It speaks directly to the fears of the modern era, with sharp undertones of alienation from one another and isolation from our own humanity. The technology present throughout the film feels like it rests upon solid foundations, you believe that this is how we could travel and it grounds the film in a realism (for the most part) that many space films choose to forego. Beautifully shot with an excellent soundtrack, this is one of the more exciting thrillers on this list.
7. Gattaca (1997) – A film exploring just what happens when we allow our knowledge of genetics to control the way society functions down to every small detail. If that isn't enough to put it on this list, then I'm not quite sure what is! It also manages to blend in themes of an oppressive surveillance state as well as questioning the nature of happiness and fulfillment, all wrapped up in an almost film Noir aesthetic that I enjoyed very much.
A really good exploration of the ethical struggles we are going to face with the rapidly increasing power of science and technology to influence our lives.
6. Strange Days (1995) – I'm a massive fan of the cyberpunk genre, and Strange Days is one of the few films outside of the world of anime that has really gotten it right. The futurist elements surround the notion that we might be able to relive other people's memories (or our own) as if we were experiencing them as reality. Sensations both emotional and physical are recorded to be experienced by anybody at any time; even ones so dark and disturbing that they can only be supplied through a black market.
It's a wonderful take on the possibilities of neurological interfacing, and a technology we are very likely to see become reality at some point in the medium-term future. Plus, the film uses MiniDiscs as props to evoke a sense of the future; something I'm always a fan of as I was one of the very few people who early-adopted the technology at the time and loved it (they can also be seen in the first Matrix movie). If you're a fan of cyberpunk you've likely already seen this, but for everybody else it's definitely worth tracking down to see an under-rated classic.
5. Ghost in the Shell (1995) – Anime and futurist worlds have always gone together, and Ghost in the Shell is arguably the pinnacle of the genre when it comes to our specific criteria. Exploring a world implicitly connected to the internet and its information network, alongside the philosophical dilemmas of artificial intelligence and the nature of reality when we are capable of replicating and manipulating it through neurological means. With detailed world-building and themes of corporate control and the emergence of sentience, the wide variety of Ghost in the Shell material (manga, anime, games) are a must-have for any futurist collection.
One of those films that helped show the ‘Western' world that cartoons weren't just for kids and could deal with some incredibly complicated issues in a way that live action film often cannot – although they're now working on just such a version as well.
4. District 9 (2009) & Chappie (2015) – I'm going to take the author's prerogative to include two films in one here, as they are both directed by Neill Blomkamp. What District 9 achieves is a believable examination of what might occur where we to come into contact with an alien species. The ethical themes surrounding xenophobia are done justice, as well as delving into themes of genetic engineering (and even nanotechnology if you look into the back-story beyond the movie itself) as well as the effects of increasing the militarisation of society. You can check out my original review of District 9 here.
Chappie explores similar areas of identity and social stratification, but through the lens of artificial intelligence. It's a film that gives us a deeply sympathetic view of how a relationship with an AI robot might develop in a paternal and familial way, and combines this with the gritty aesthetic of urban South Africa with the dark rave tones of Die Antwoord with fantastic cyberpunk results!
3. Ex Machina (2015) – When I reviewed this film I didn't expect the article to become one of the most viewed pages on the Future Conscience website. I'm glad that it did take off though, with a US audience keen to hear anything about this UK film upon its initial release, because this is an excellent film which speaks to the core of the modern futurist dilemma. It's another recent film that takes quite a minimalist approach, away from the explosions and gun fights that Hollywood adores so much, and is all the more unnerving and impacting because of it. Grappling with notions of sentience and our drive to dominate reality for our own selfish ends, this is a film that reminds us that we need to start paying attention to the ethical components of technology right now – because we are building the foundations of the new era of humanity and must carefully consider who we are going to trust to lead us down that path.
2. Them (2014) – Another recent film with a detailed review on this site, and my respect for it has only grown. This is one of the futurist films that doesn't rely on flashy fantastical design elements and miraculous technology, preferring to situate itself in a near-future that is easily recognised and immediately relatable. As our relationship with technology chips away at our ability to relate to one another on a deeply personal level, what will emerge to help us deal with the loss of such important emotional connections? This movie explores a highly-probably near future scenario with a soft melancholy that speaks to the core of the modern crisis of disillusionment and ennui felt by many in developed economies. As I mention in the review, it also has a wonderful vision of the singularity that puts humanity as an irrelevance rather than a victim of the next phase of identity formation.
1. The Films of Philip K Dick – There were way too many films created from Philip K Dick stories that deserved to be on this list. In my original list from 2010 I had Blade Runner placed at #3 and Minority Report in the top slot (an ordering I don't agree with myself on now!). For this list I'm going to combine all of these derivative works into one, as they deserve all the recognition they can get as one of the 20th Century's most visionary and subversive science fiction authors. Fact remains, Philip K Dick is one of the most underrated authors of the 20th century and mainstream audiences are only just starting to truly appreciate their body of work. Blade Runner is widely recognised as a cinematic masterpiece, and Minority Report encapsulates so many great elements of futurist design.
Hollywood has been mining their back catalogue for years (Total Recall, Paycheck, A Scanner Darkly et al.), and continue to do so with force with relatively recent films such as the fantastic Radio Free Albemuth and The Adjustment Bureau. The television series The Man in the High Castle has been picked up following a successful pilot, a sequel to Blade Runner from Ridley Scott is imminent – and you can be sure that there will be more to come before too long!
Did I miss anything? What are your favourite futurist movies?
South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham's decision to drop out of the presidential race has been hailed by several establishment figures as a decisive action aimed at at last ridding the Republican Party of the terrifying Donald Trump– and possibly solidifying that establishment behind Marco Rubio. For the Republican establishment includes many Israel supporters who like the fact that Graham pushed the party toward a more hawkish policy in the Middle East.
Note that Graham's drop-out speech was a neoconservative call to arms– against isolationism, and against President Obama's resistance to further entanglement over there.
I got into this race to put forward a plan to win a war we cannot afford to lose and to turn back the tide of isolationism that was rising in our party. I believe we've made enormous progress in this effort. Four months ago at the very first debate, I said that any candidate that did not understand that we need more American troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria to defeat ISIL was not ready to be commander-in-chief. At that time, no one stepped forward to join me. Today, most of my fellow candidates have come to recognize this is what's needed to secure our homeland. I am far more confident today that our party will reject the Obama doctrine of leading from behind and will provide the strong leadership America needs to restore our military, take the fight to our enemies and do what it takes to make our country safe and preserve our way of life. This is a generational struggle that demands a strategy and the will to win.
By contrast, Donald Trump for all their bigotry has sounded an isolationist note at times.
Dana Milbank at the Washington Post says that Lindsey Graham is a “mensch” for dropping out– “Oy vey! Enough of Trump” is the headline– and they make Rubio predictions:
Republican strategists I've talked with believe voters would flock to Rubio if they were to rise above 20 percent in the polls — a reasonable possibility, given that 58 percent of Republican voters who named a candidate in the Quinnipiac survey said they might change their minds. The sooner other Republican candidates follow Graham out of the race, the better the chances of them presenting voters with a unified alternative to Trump.
Graham has become the Senator Henry Jackson of their era, an intelligent hawk who enjoys the company of neoconservative Jews and vice versa. Graham told the Jewish Insider a couple weeks ago at a Jewish Federation fundraiser in New York:
I've eaten enough Salmon to sink a battleship and I'm beginning to like it, but not so much for breakfast!
And back in April Graham said that they were raising so much Jewish money they were going to have an all-Jewish cabinet:
“If I put together a finance team that will make me financially competitive enough to stay in this thing…I may have the first all-Jewish cabinet in America because of the pro-Israel funding. [Chuckles.] Bottom line is, I've got a lot of support from the pro-Israel funding.”
No one called them an anti-Semite for that. For the simple reason that Graham obviously likes Jews.
Yesterday a PR firm serving the Jewish community praised Graham's success in the Jewish world, and Jewish Insider's interview with the senator in New York had them saying that they might as well be Jewish and tearing up the Iran Deal.
Senator, what brings you here tonight? “Michael Milken invited me. I'm not Jewish but I might as well be (laughter). The pro-Israel community has been the heart and soul of my campaign, I'm honored to be here. What a great organization doing good throughout the world.” We've heard you joke on several occasions that you might get an all-Jewish cabinet, any potential members here tonight? “Yes, 1,900 of them.” Any specific nominees? “Oh I've got a list a mile long.
Graham went directly on to say that Jews liked them because of their opposition to isolationism. It's the old neocon formula, stated by Irving Kristol, a weak defense budget holds a knife to Israel.
The reason I think people like me is because I've been resolute in the face of isolationist movement in my party, I've stood up for an internationalist view of being a Republican, unwavering in my desire to defeat radical Islam by building up others over there so we don't have to get hit here, and understanding that the fate of Israel and the United States are intertwined — common enemies and common values. I think people in the community have been very supportive because they see me as a reliable friend.” This Iranian deal is a death sentence to Israel over time and a nightmare for America. I wouldn't give the Ayatollah another dime or a bullet until they stop becoming the largest state-sponsor of terrorism. What John Kerry has done is given the Ayatollah a pathway to a bomb, a missile to deliver it, and money to pay for it. As president of the United States, I would tear this deal up and get America and Israel a better deal.
Milbank's Washington Post “Oy vey” column, by the way, is filled with Yiddish phrases and sayings. The pretext is a comment by Donald Trump about Hillary Clinton getting “shlonged” by Barack Obama in 2008. But it is surely further evidence of the fact that our establishment is in many ways Jewish. Hillary Clinton's daughter married a Jew. So did Donald Trump's. Milbank is a committed Zionist.
It is simply impossible to imagine a columnist at the Washington Post writing a column filled with humorous Arabic sayings.
Thanks as always to Adam Horowitz (co-editor, guide, and friend, responsible more than anyone for the success of this site).
Third-country nationals seeking protection have no EU-wide legal channels at present for entering EU territory and triggering protection mechanisms under the Common European Asylum System. As a result, many embark on hazardous journeys, with concomitant risks and loss of human life. The absence of ‘protection-sensitive' mechanisms for accessing EU territory, along with EU external and extraterritorial border and migration management and control, undermine Member States' refugee and human rights obligations. Humanitarian visas may offer a remedy in this regard by enabling third-country nationals to apply in situ for entry to EU territory on humanitarian grounds or because of international obligations. This study asks whether the existing Visa Code actually obliges Member States to issue humanitarian visas. It also examines past implementation of humanitarian visa schemes by Member States and considers whether more could be done to encourage them to make use of existing provisions in EU law. Finally, with a Commission proposal for Visa Code reform on the table, it asks whether there is now an opportunity to lay down clear rules for humanitarian visa schemes.
Ulla Iben Jensen, LLM, is a freelance legal researcher. This study was originally commissioned by the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) (www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/STUD/2014/509986/IPOL_STU(2014)509986_EN.pdf). It is republished by the Centre for European Policy Studies with the kind permission of the European Parliament.
Ohio State wide receiver Eric Glover-Williams is no longer a member of the Buckeyes, as first reported by Austin Ward and Ryan Ginn of Land of 10. An Ohio State spokesperson confirmed the report. No reason has been provided as to why the junior is no longer with the team.
Ohio State sources confirm that Eric Glover-Williams is no longer part of the program. No official reason has been given for departure. — Austin Ward (@AWardSports) September 2, 2017
The Canton, Ohio, native was a safety prior to this season, but made the transition to wide receiver during the spring. They appeared in all 13 games last season on special teams and recorded seven tackles.
Glover-Williams came to Ohio State as a four-star cornerback in the 2015 class and was ranked the No. 101 prospect in the nation, 12th best at the position and fourth best in the state by 247Sports Composite Rankings.
Shutterstock
Allison Wint had been employed as a substitute art teacher at Harper Creek Middle School in Battle Creek, Michigan, since January, but was unceremoniously fired last week after having the gall to use the word “vagina” during an art history lesson on Georgia O'Keeffe. O'Keeffe, as many are aware, was an artist well known for their abstract paintings of flowers bearing a resemblance to vaginas — or, “dirty boxes,” as is the Battle Creek school board's approved term for female genitalia, probably.
Shortly after having taught the class, Wint was pulled aside by the school's principal, Kim Thayer, who informed them that they were being relieved of their position. Wint was told that they had violated the school handbook, which states that “teachers are required to get advanced approval when discussing any form of reproductive health.”
Due to their contract as a substitute teacher, Wint could be let go at any time and for any reason. Still, they were clearly gobsmacked.
At some point, Wint remembers saying: “Imagine walking into a gallery when [O'Keefe] was first showing their pieces, and thinking, ‘Am I actually seeing vaginas here, am I a pervert? I'm either a pervert or this woman was a pervert.' ” They were hoping to have a thoughtful dialogue with a class of about two dozen eighth-graders on Thursday – but school officials have said their lesson ran afoul of policies. Through the course of the lecture, they went on to use the word vagina “maybe 10 times,” they said. “But it was never in a vulgar capacity.”
This is not the first time the word has come under fire in the state of Michigan. In 2012 state Rep. Lisa Brown was blocked from speaking after telling supporters of an abortion regulation bill that they were “flattered they were all so interested in them vagina.”
A new report claims to reveal for the first time ever Facebook's secret content removal policies.
Excerpts of internal documents that the company allegedly hands out to both its own staff and third-party content moderators were provided to German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung by unidentified sources. Although the company's guidelines are touched upon on its website, the information it provides to its workers offers much more detail.
The chapter that stands out covers Facebook's stance on hate speech, an issue that itself has become a matter of contention in Germany, where the social network is currently facing a lawsuit regarding its alleged inaction on the matter.
The documents reveal a convoluted hate speech policy that contains a number of loopholes resulting from the criteria Facebook uses to determine what constitutes hateful rhetoric.
Facebook does not permit "verbal attacks" on a "protected category," according to the documents. These self-determined categories are currently based on a number of factors, including: sex, religious affiliation, gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or serious illness. Some of these groups contain sub-categories that receive extra protection (for example, under "age," criteria such as "youth" and "senior citizen" receive priority).
An overview at the end of the hate speech chapter is where things start to get a bit muddled. A sentence reportedly containing an expletive directly followed by a reference to a religious affiliation (for example: "f*cking Muslims") is not allowed. However, the same does not go for the term "migrants," as migrants are allegedly only a "quasi protected category." Additionally, Facebook reportedly allows for posts that could be deemed hateful against migrants under certain circumstances. For example, a statement such as "migrants are dirty" is allowed, whereas "migrants are dirt" isn't.
We reached out to Facebook to verify the accuracy of the documents, but did not immediately receive a response. If they do turn out to be official, then the above examples could raise alarm bells for German authorities, seeing as the term "migrants" was only added to the list of criteria following public pressure in the country. Earlier this week, German Justice Minister Heiko Maas also urged an immediate crackdown on hate speech disseminated through social media sites, such as Facebook.
A related report in the same German daily provides an in-depth look at the inner workings of Facebook's Berlin-based content moderation team. In it, several members of the company's 600-strong staff (which also includes employees outsourced from a Bertelsmann business services unit) claim to have suffered psychological issues as a result of the material they were exposed to. "I've seen things that made me seriously question my faith in humanity," said one anonymous worker. The report claims that the troubled workers were not provided access to professional help.
Another employee describes the tortuous guidelines Facebook allegedly has in place: "The rules are almost impossible to understand. I've said to my team leader: this is crazy! The picture is full of blood and brutality, no one should have to see that. But they said: that's just your opinion. You have to try and think about what Facebook wants. We're expected to think like machines."
In a report published this Thursday, September 17, Goethe University Frankfurt archaeologists announce the discovery of the remains of a long lost Roman village in a small town in Germany.
The remains, estimated to date back to nearly 2,000 years ago, were discovered in the town of Gernsheim in the Hessian Ried, a low-lying agricultural region included in the northeastern Upper Rhine Plain.
The village was built atop a fort
Roman artifacts have been popping up in the town of Gernsheim in Germany since the 19th century. Hence, archaeologists kind of figured out that, in ancient times, a Roman settlement most likely was established and thrived in the region.
Still, it was only over the past couple of years that Goethe University Frankfurt researchers got to work digging in the right place and eventually unearthed millennia-old remains of homes and other infrastructure.
The village that they found was established sometime around the year 120 AD. Part of it was positioned atop the foundations of a fort that once housed around 500 soldiers but that was abandoned around the same time that the village emerged.
The newly discovered Roman village was included in the province of Germania Superior. It thrived until around the year 260 AD, archaeological evidence indicates.
“We now know that from the 1st to the 3rd century an important village-like settlement or ‘vicus' must have existed here,” said study leader Thomas Maurer in a statement.
Well then, who lived in this village?
The soldiers who established the fort atop which the village emerged just decades later arrived in the area sometime around 70 to 80 AD.
Archaeologists suspect it was the families of these soldiers who established the village. They probably had help from tradespeople who, while the fort was still in use, would sell all sorts of goods to the troops.
“A temporary downturn probably resulted when the troops left,” explained Thomas Maurer. In time, however, the village recovered.
Among the artifacts recovered at this site are bits and pieces of ceramics, a hairpin made of bone, board game parts such as dices, and even some pearls.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. (AFP Photo/KCNA via KNS)
The U.S. government reached alarming conclusions about the personal character of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un based on interviews with people who knew them when they were a student in Switzerland, former U.S. Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs Kurt Campbell revealed on CNN over the weekend.
The official U.S. assessment of Kim's character is perhaps not, on its face, very surprising. After all, the North Korean leader, like their father, certainly gives the impression of a wild-eyed despot who appears to buy into their own highly official cult of personality. But North Korea-watchers have long debated whether this is merely a pose, a performance calculated to rally North Koreans and intimidate the outside world. This assessment suggests that Kim's antics are not entirely about rational decision-making but are at least in part driven by a personality just as crazy as it appears.
Reports have long conflicted over how much time Kim spent as a study-abroad student in Switzerland, where they posed as the son of a driver for the local North Korean embassy. Most reports suggest they attended Swiss boarding school between 1998 and 2000, when they would have been 15 to 17 years old, although Campbell asserts that they "spent seven or eight years out of North Korea in Switzerland."
"We went to great pains to interview almost everyone – classmates, others – to try to get a sense of what their character was like," Campbell said. "The general recounting of those experiences led us to believe that they were dangerous, unpredictable, prone to violence and with delusions of grandeur."
Campbell made the comments in the context of a discussion about the recent purge and execution of Jang Song Thaek, Kim's uncle and a long-time senior regime official. The former State Department official conceded that "we really do not know" the full story of the Jang purge or why it happened, which is also broadly true about the inner workings of the North Korean government.
We can't know what's happening inside the North Korean regime any more than we know what's happening in Kim's head. But if this assessment of their character is accurate, it has significant implications for this nuclear-armed rogue state, its threat to the outside world and the fates of its 25 million citizens.
By Nika Bogdanic
Unlike a lot of other capital cities around the world, Zagreb has plenty of parks, promenades, forests, lakes and an impressive mountain perfect for a nature getaway.
We take a lot at some of the city's parks – a perfect place to hang out at now that spring is here.
1. Maksimir Park
Maksimir is the oldest public park and one of the nicest places in Zagreb. It was founded in the late 18th century at what was then the outskirts of Zagreb and it was the first large public park in South-Eastern Europe. Nowadays, this 800 acre park isn't in the outskirts any longer as the city has grown – it's between the central and the eastern part of Zagreb, accessible to everyone.
The enchanting forest, lakes with swans and ducks, green meadows, hills, walking and running paths form this natural fairy tale. This park is also a home to Zagreb's ZOO. Trams number 4, 7, 11 and 12 can take you to Maksimir.
2. Cmrok
In the northern part of Zagreb, on the slopes of Medvednica mountain, there's a park/meadow and a promenade called Cmrok. Cmrok is a great place for a picnic during the warmer seasons, it's a meeting point for dog owners and their pets, and it's a famous sleigh ride slope for kids when it's snowing in Zagreb.
It's quite close to the center so you can walk (it's located behind the Upper Town) or you can take a bus ride with buses 101, 102 and 105 from Kaptol or Britanski square.
3 – 5. Zrinjevac, Strossmayer Square & Tomislavac
Between Zagreb's main square and Glavni kolodvor – the main railway station, there are three wonderful squares and parks in a row. Zrinjevac is the closest to Jelačić square and it's famous for charming fountains, enormous trees, wooden benches, carefully arranged flowers, a meteorological column and a music pavilion which is set as the centerpiece of the park.
The second one is the quieter Strossmayer square, behind the Croatian Academy of Science and Art. And the third one is King Tomislav square with an enchanting park dominated by a statue of King Tomislav.
A post shared by Ivanjko (@ivugy) on Mar 17, 2017 at 6:42am PDT
People enjoy these parks during the whole year, however as soon as the meteorological column shows higher temperatures the parks get fuller.
6. Ribnjak Park
Ribnjak Park is situated just five minutes walk from Ban Jelačić Square, the park comprises the western part of the neighborhood of Ribnjak.
The park had been a part of the city fortification since the 15th century, but it was projected in its current form and built in 1830 by Zagreb bishop Aleksandar Alagović and architect Leopold Klingspogle. The park was named after the fishponds in the area.
7. Park Bundek
A post shared by Marina (@marina_mala26) on Jul 13, 2016 at 1:22pm PDT
Bundek is located in Novi Zagreb north of Zapruđe and Središće neighborhoods. Since it was renovated in 2005 it's a famous nature getaway. Besides the lake, there are cycling tracks, a promenade and parks.
There are contents for kids as well as for grown-ups – under the trees you can find barbecues, which you can use for open-air parties. Special attention is given to gardening so the flowers around the promenade look amazing.
There are bars and cafes around the lake as well.
During the summer people swim here and there are lifeguards on duty. Bundek is not as big as Jarun, however it's more accessible from the city center and it's very charming. To get there take any bus from Glavni kolodvor and get out on the third stop.
8. Botanical Garden
The Zagreb Botanical Garden is located at Marulić square in the city center so no trams or buses are necessary to get there. It was founded in 1889 by Antun Heinz, a professor of the University of Zagreb, and opened to public in 1891 as a part of the Faculty of Science.
This nature utopia is a home to over 10 000 plant species from around the world, including 1 800 exotic ones. It also has large ponds for aquatic plants. The easiest and the fastest way to get lost in the nature while in the city is to pay a visit to this wonderful garden. The entrance is free and it's open to public April to November.
9. Jarun
Jarun is a 2km long artificial lake surrounded by cycling tracks, a promenade, forests and parks. It's located in the southwest part of Zagreb and you can get there by taking trams 5 or 17. It's a popular nature getaway at any time of the year, but especially during the warmer seasons. People come here to do sports, to stroll, to sunbathe during the summer, to relax and enjoy the nature.
It's also an important venue for rowing competitions, with a large spectator stand at the western end. Veliko Jezero (the big lake) is the part of the lake for rowing and windsurfing, while Malo Jezero (the small lake) is reserved for swimming, pedal boat rides, bars and cafes.
Building a blog with Realm Node.js and Express
Realm Node.js was released on November 16th. Its powerful features are now available server side with Node.js. In order to demonstrate how to use Realm, let's build a simple blog.
This tutorial assumes you already use macOS or Linux environment to use the shell environment, and that Node.js and npm are installed. Instructions on how to install these see can be viewed here.
Setting Up the Default Environment
Create a directory named realm-blog :
mkdir realm-blog cd realm-blog
Initialize the Node.js project:
$npm init
name: (realm-blog) version: (1.0.0) 0.1.0 description: Realm Blog entry point: (index.js) test command: git repository: keywords: author: license: (ISC)
The name entry is specified as the project's directory name automatically. Because it is the beginning of the project, I changed its version from 1.0.0 to 0.1.0 . All other entries are set to default values.
Get more development news like this
We will use Express to handle the web requests, Realm Node.js for the database, Embedded JavaScript (EJS) to process its templates, and body-parser to parse queries which are passed from the form.
npm install --save express npm install --save realm npm install --save ejs npm install --save body-parser
Install nodemon so that the server will restart whenever you modify the code.
npm install -g nodemon
In order to run the server using nodemon, you can use the node_modules/nodemon/bin/nodemon.js index.js command. But, because this is cumbersome we will make a short form command to run.
{ ... "scripts" : { "serve" : "nodemon index.js" }, ... }
Run the test server by using npm run serve .
Hello Realm!
First, let's register the code to handle requests for / .
'use strict' ; var express = require ( 'express' ); var app = express (); app . get ( '/' , function ( req , res ) { res . send ( "Hello Realm" ); }); app . listen ( 3000 , function () { console . log ( "Go!" ); });
When the server retrieves the GET requests from the path / and the port 3000 , it returns Hello Realm . You can see this at localhost:3000 in your web browser.
Implementing the Write Feature
Let's implement the write feature. In order to make a White form, create the file write.html :
<form action="/write" method="POST"> <input type="text" name="title" /><br /> <textarea name="content"></textarea><br /> <button type="submit">Submit</button> </form>
Add the following code to handle a GET request with the path /write .
app.get('/write', function(req, res) { res.sendFile(__dirname + "/write.html"); });
When the server gets the /write request, it returns the content of the file write.html .
You'll see this at localhost:3000/write in your browser.
When you submit a written blog post, the server gets a POST request with the path /write . Append body-parser in your index.js to see the object coming through with the request:
var express = require('express'), bodyParser = require('body-parser'); var app = express(); app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded({extended: true})); app.post('/write', function(req, res) { res.send(req.body); });
You can write anything on localhost:3000/write and see the following output for that request:
{ "title" : "nice" , "content" : "to meet you" }
Creating a Realm Schema
Let's create a schema with Realm Node.js.
var express = require('express'), bodyParser = require('body-parser'), Realm = require('realm'); var app = express(); let PostSchema = { name: 'Post', properties: { timestamp: 'date', title: 'string', content: 'string' } }; var blogRealm = new Realm({ path: 'blog.realm', schema: [PostSchema] });
In PostSchema , the first property name is the name of the model. We specified it as Post . There are three entries in properties : timestamp , title , and content .
The schema you created should be passed to the constructor of a Realm instance. The property path is the name of the database, and the schema is an array of schemas for various models, including the Post model. We only use one here as [PostSchema] .
If you use multiple schemas, they should be added sequentially in the array.
Write Data in Realm
To provide the write feature, modify the POST handler for the path /write as follows:
app.post('/write', function(req, res) { let title = req.body['title'], content = req.body['content'], timestamp = new Date(); blogRealm.write(() => { blogRealm.create('Post', {title: title, content: content, timestamp: timestamp}); }); res.sendFile(__dirname + "/write-complete.html"); });
Call write and then call create to write the object.
A write-complete.html file allows for a simple feedback on the UI to display to write success:
<a href="/">Success!</a>
Displaying Posts
Create the index.ejs file in the directory views to display posts:
<h2>Realm Blog</h2> <a href="/write">Write</a> <% for(var i=0; i<posts.length; i++) {%> <h3><%= posts[i].title%></h3> <p><%= posts[i].content%></p> <% } %>
This is a template displaying a series of blog posts from the posts array sequentially. The modified handler allows you to pass the posts array to the template.
app.set('view engine', 'ejs'); app.get('/', function(req, res) { let posts = blogRealm.objects('Post').sorted('timestamp', true); res.render('index.ejs', {posts: posts}); });
In order to use Embedded Javascript(EJS) template engine, we use the method app.set . Blogs usually display the most recent post first, so the second parameter of the sorted method is set as reverse .
Update everything, and then click Write to write your first post, and you should see the following screen.
For the complete example, please check out the code here.
According to a survey conducted by the California Office of Traffic Safety, the majority of car drivers are unaware that lane splitting is a legal practice. A small minority, seven percent, admitted to researchers that they'd actively tried to prevent lane splitting. Despite that, the vast majority, 84.4 percent of riders, have never had an incident while splitting.
A lot of what's in this report is statistical confirmation of common sense and what you and I observe every day:
- The vast majority of riders are male (93.4 percent) and middle aged (30.4 percent are 45-54).
- Most riders use motorcycles only for leisure (45.9 percent), but plenty use them for both commuting and leisure riding (30.8 percent).
- More riders lane split on freeways (77.6 percent) than on surface streets (63.9 percent)
- You're more likely to be hit by a car while lane splitting on the freeway (11.7 percent) than on surface streets (8.3 percent
- Only 1.7 percent of riders admit to splitting while traffic is traveling at 70mph or faster.
- 10mph above the speed of traffic is the most popular splitting pace (42.1 percent).
- Distracted drivers (30.0 percent) and drivers not bothering to check mirrors before changing lanes (32.5 percent) are seen as the biggest dangers.
- You're more likely to lane split the more often you ride.
The study is timed to coincide with the launch of Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month, in which the state will pay lip service to driver awareness, but the drivers will be too busy texting to notice.
"OMG, did u watch Idol????"
"Totez. Just hit a bike. LOL"
It'll be ignored, but the OTS issues the following advice to motorists on how to avoid hitting a biker while texting:
- Perform a visual check for motorcycles by checking mirrors and blind spots before entering
or exiting a lane of traffic, and at intersections.
- Always signal your intentions before changing lanes or merging with traffic.
- Don't be fooled by a flashing turn signal on a motorcycle – motorcycle signals are often not
self-canceling and riders sometimes forget to turn them off. Wait to be sure the motorcycle is
going to turn before you proceed.
- Allow more following distance – three or four seconds – when behind a motorcycle so the
motorcyclist has enough time to maneuver or stop in an emergency.
- Never tailgate. In dry conditions, motorcycles can stop more quickly than cars.
Never drive while distracted or under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
Advertisement
Helpfully, there's also advice for keeping yourself alive:
- Avoiding riding in poor weather conditions;
- Wearing brightly colored protective gear and a DOT-compliant helmet;
- Using turn signals for every turn or lane change, even if the rider thinks no one will see it;
- Combining hand signals and turn signals to draw more attention to themselves;
- Using reflective tape and stickers to increase conspicuity;
- Positioning themselves in the lane where they will be most visible to other drivers; and
Never driving while impaired.
Hand signals and reflective tape? Yeah, some bureaucrat is still convinced it's 1962. For better advice, check out our comprehensive guide to lane splitting. And watch out for all those intercept surveyors out there.
Advertisement
This story originally appeared on Hell For Leather on May 7, 2012, and was republished with permission.
Email us with the subject line "Syndication" if you would like to see your own story syndicated here on Jalopnik.
Photo Credit: Orientaly / Shutterstock.com
In economics, there's the definition (phenomenon if you will) of the impossible trinity. It's actually a trilemma in international economics which states that it's impossible to have all three of the following at the same time:
A fixed foreign exchange rate
Free capital movement (absense of capital controls)
An independent monetary policy
Reading about it in an article the other day, I came to think that there's the same kind of impossible trinity in metadata. In this article, the author (Nikhil Sonnad) talked about the impossible trinity of encyclopedias, which is actually true for digital content as well I guess.
As the article supports, that the impossible trifecta in the case of encyclopedias is for the content to be (i) authoritative, (ii) comprehensive and (iii) up-to-date. By definition, formal processes and peer-review mechanisms, that ensure “authoritative” usually are slow and take a lot of time, which contradicts “up-to-date”. In the same sense, being “comprehensive” requires lots of effort which is difficult to pair with “authoritative” and timely enough to be considered up-to-date.
But how could this reflect metadata? In the same sense, metadata is content, and thinking in similar terms, authoritative, comprehensive and up-to-date applies as well. And then again, not. Metadata are in nature more specific on the learning object they describe. In the same sense, as well as the learning object is up-to-date, the metadata will be fine. Most probably, when the learning object becomes irrelevant, its metadata will become too. On the other hand, there are metadata that can and should be updated, especially the ones related to technical compatibility or formatting, in the case the digital resource is updated/preserved.
To choose my trinity, I will look into the metadata quality metrics, proposed by Bruce & Hillman. In their work, they propose the following quality metrics for metadata:
Completeness, Provenance, Accuracy, Conformance to Expectations, Logical Consistency & Coherence, Timeliness, Accessibility
Although all of them are really critical, for my impossible trifecta, I would have to choose, (i) Accuracy, (ii) Logical Consistency & Coherece and (iii) Timeliness. In the initiatives I have been involved so far, it has been really difficult to have at the same time all these metrics on an acceptable level.
Accuracy: Have accepted methods been used for creation or extraction? What has been done to ensure valid values and structure? Are default values appropriate, and have they been appropriately used?
Logical Consistency & Coherence: Is data in elements consistent throughout? How does it compare with other data within the community?
Timeliness: Is metadata regularly updated as the resources change? Are controlled vocabularies updated when relevant?
No matter how much I try to wrap my head around this, I really find that managing to get a high rank in all of these three metrics, is more difficult even from the work that Blade had to carry out in the following movie! Especially when we talk about repositories with various collections from various sources, trying to serve the needs of diverse user communities. 😉
The most interesting about this article though, was the way that the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy set up a process and a workflow to achieve its trifecta. Having subject editors and authors that work hand-in-hand to develop and curate the content is a model that works. It works on this domain and case, but it doesn't work everywhere as it has been proven. But nevertheless, its successful introduction in the case of philosophy, is an incentive and a starting point to tinker with it and see if it can prove useful in other cases as well. This article on Socrates is enough to prove the high quality of the content produced. My humble opinion is that if we find a uniform way to accredit content creators and metadata annotators across platforms and systems, linking their expertise to their professional development, then maybe we will come one step closer in hitting our own trifecta, without the needs of these cool blades that kill vampires! 😉
Breanne Nicholas of Blenheim, Ontario has been making waves in the rugby community since they started playing as a Blenheim Bobcat back in high school. Three years since graduating, Nicholas continues to live up to their potential.
Over the past two years, Nicholas has been playing for Western University as the team's starting fullback. During the 2014-2015 season, Western won a national title for the first time since 2007. They defeated Queen's to win bronze in the OUA championship and beat Ottawa to claim bronze in the CIS championship. From this experience, Nicholas says the team learned a lot and gained valuable team camaraderie and work ethic.
“As a team, we gained some confidence going into the CIS tournament. We lost by a large margin to Queens in regular season play, and to beat them during playoffs really gave us some insight,” they say. “It only took us all season to figure out, but if we played as a team and used our strengths we could accomplish our goal.”
“We brought this mindset to CIS and did much better than other teams expected of us, considering we were seeded lasted in the CIS pool.”
Next year, Nicholas encourages their Western teammates to play to their full potential as a team unit. They say everyone needs to trust the decisions and calls being made, stick to the game plan, and to always play with passion.
Having developed their skills as an outside center, scrumhalf, and fullback on multiple different teams, Nicholas has become a very well rounded and knowledgeable rugby player. This summer, Nicholas is training in British Columbia with the senior National 7's conditioning coaches, 5-6 days a week to continue improving both physically and mentally.
“Next year, I will not be returning to Western because I have decided to follow my dreams and strive to reach my goals as a rugby player. I'm taking the opportunity to accept centralization and be a part of the Canadian 7's squad,” they say.
This past spring, Nicholas had traveled with Canada to Hong Kong for the National Sevens tournament, where they picked up a goal medal.
“I am happy with my personal performance,” they say. “It was a great learning experience and helped with my development as I familiarize myself with the 7's game at a high level of competition.”
“From my experience playing at a National level, I have learned that everyone is striving to be the best,” they say. “One little mistake or slack of effort can make a huge difference. At the national level, there is little room for error, as it can be very costly.”
Nicholas has a golden opportunity to better themselves as a player as they train with some of the very best rugby players in Canada this summer and throughout the coming year. They say they are just happy to be on the field and to be able to play rugby, no matter the position. As a hard-working and passionate individual, Nicholas knows that the stakes are high when playing at such a competitive level. They look forward to this new experience as they chase their dream and continues to go above and beyond to ensure their success in the rugby world.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
A new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game has leaked online via a posting on the Australian Classification Board. The entry lists a game titled Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan being developed by Platinum Games and published by Activision.
The game has being rated M for mild impact themes, moderate impact violence, and mild impact language. GameSpot has reached out to Activision for official comment, and will report back as soon as we hear anything.
The last Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game was released in 2013 for Xbox 360 and PC by Activision, with a PS3 version released in 2014. The game, titled Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows, was developed by Red Fly Studio and only released digitally. It was critically panned in GameSpot's review, scoring a three out of ten for its game-breaking glitches and poor camera system.
Platinum Games is well known for its experience working on several action games, including the critically acclaimed Bayonetta 2, as well as Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. The studio is currently developing the upcoming Star Fox Zero, Nier: Automata, and Xbox One-exclusive Scalebound.
What would you like to see in a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles game? Let us know in the comments below.
Australia Says It Is Launching Its Own Space Agency
Enlarge this image toggle caption Japan Meteorological Agency/Getty Images Japan Meteorological Agency/Getty Images
It might surprise you that Australia doesn't already have a space agency.
The country has been involved in the space field for decades — in 1967, it was among the first countries to launch a satellite. Two years later, a NASA tracking station in Australia received and transmitted the first TV images of Neil Armstrong taking the first steps on the Moon.
Now, after years of lobbying from scientists, the Australian government has announced that it is launching a space agency.
"The global space industry is growing rapidly and it's crucial that Australia is part of this growth," acting Minister for Industry, Innovation and Science Minister Michaelia Cash said in a statement.
"A national space agency will ensure we have a strategic long-term plan that supports the development and application of space technologies and grows our domestic space industry."
The government, led by Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, has provided few specifics about the program. At a Monday news conference, Turnbull described it as a "small agency designed to coordinate and lead."
Turnbull's political rivals in the Labor Party have been critical of the lack of progress in creating a space program. They point out that Australia is one of just two countries in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development that doesn't have a space program. (The other is Iceland.)
"Unless this changes, Australia risks being left behind in a rapidly growing key global industry of the 21st century," Labor's science and research spokesperson Kim Carr said in a statement.
Carr said that Australia "depends on space more than any other country in the world," using satellites for produce deliveries, banking, mobile services, and disaster relief. They add that Australia currently holds just 0.8 percent of the global space industry, which is generally valued at more than $320 billion annually.
Australia's position on the globe makes it "ideally placed as a relay station when the NASA bits of the planet are facing away from their missions," an opinion piece carried by Australia's ABC News argues. "Commercially, providing a southern hemisphere staging ground with highly educated local staff would be an economic slam dunk."
At this point, the country's space industry is a "grassroots movement across a small number of companies, university groups, and the defense sector," astronomer and astrophysicist Lee Spitler of Australia's Macquarie University tells Science.
The U.K. launched a space agency in 2010, and now "captures a 6.5% share of the global space economy," according to a report published by South Australia's defense agency. It says that in a similar time frame, an Australian space agency could bring in $4.17 billion and create 11,700 jobs.
The Australian government says it has appointed a group of experts to review the options for the country's space industry and write a charter.
Ahead of the encounter between Arsenal and United, on 22nd January, we look at the illustrious career of Dennis Bergkamp and how they played a crucial part in Wenger's side...
In this week's edition of 'Legends', we look at one of the greatest players to have played in the Premier League, who stunned everyone with their great passing abilities and helped Arsenal achieve great success, during their tenure at the London club. Yes, we are talking about Dennis Bergkamp.
Dennis Nicolaas Bergkamp
Date Of Birth 10th May, 1969
Place Of Birth Amsterdam, Netherlands
Height 1.84m
Playing Position Supporting Striker
"Dennis"
" Youthful Spirits"
Bergkamp was born in Amsterdam on May 10, 1969. Surprising as it might seem, They were named after the Manchester United legend Denis Law, as their parents were, apparently, big fans of the Scottish striker when they came to play for the Red Devils in the 1960's. Named after a legend, it just seemed fitting that they achieve greatness too, and they did prove themselves to the world.
Dennis would begin playing football at the youth level with Ajax, a club with one of the best youth academies in the world, from the age of 12. They continued to play for the youth squads, until the then Ajax manager Johan Cruyff saw their potential and pulled them into the first squad at the age of 17, in 1986, when they put pen to paper their first Ajax contract.
"Ajax Amsterdam"
In the following seasons, they became a regular starter under Cruyff, controlling the play of the Dutch club in a beautiful fashion, helping Ajax to as many as 5 trophies during their 7 year stint with them. They scored 122 goals having represented Ajax in 237 games, quite a commendable record for a youngster, earning the name, Dennis “The Van Man” Bergkamp.
"Italia"
Dennis moved to Italy to continue playing football with FC Internazionale. Bergkamp considered the Serie A to be the biggest league in the world and was glad to have landed at Inter given that it was a top club with passionate fans, a fantastic stadium with a great atmosphere and a rich footballing history.
But Italy was not a place where Bergkamp could settle. Finding it difficult against resolute Italian defenses, they found goals hard to come by. This resulted in a great dip in form and a lot of criticism from pundits and media alike. In fact, the media changed the name of the worst player of the week award from “Donkey of the Week Award” to “Bergkamp of the Week Award”.
Thus after two miserable seasons of football they left for Arsenal, when they were signed by the Gunners in 1995 by manager Bruce Rioch for a reported £7.5 million.
"The Wenger Effect"
Signing Bergkamp seemed a very strange move, and the media raised a lot of questions at this signing, but little did they know what was to come in the future.
It took very little time for the Dutchman to get accustomed to football in England. This was all aided by the arrival of Arsene Wenger at the helm of the club. Bergkamp's career profile shows that after Wenger's arrival at Arsenal, they began to show the best form of their career and was considered by many one of the best foreign players in the Premier League era.
They helped Arsenal to many titles and was always be remembered as one of the best player to have ever played in their ranks.
They retired in 2006 and to acknowledge their contributions, 15th April every year is celebrated as Bergkamp Day.
"The Netherlands"
Bergkamp began their international career in 1990 against Italy. They played all the major tournaments that came between 1990 and the year 2000, which included the 1994 and 1998 World Cup and three editions, namely 1992, 1996, and 2006, EURO. They retired from international football in 2000, stating they wouldn't play the 2002 World Cup because it would be staged in South Korea, where they wouldn't be able to travel to due to their aerophobia.
They ended their international career as the all-time top scorer for the Netherlands, but was soon overtaken by Patrick Kluivert.
"Honours"
Club Honours:
Ajax
UEFA Cup Winners Cup: 1986–87
KNVB Cup: 1986–87, 1992–93
UEFA Cup: 1991–92
Eredivisie: 1989–90
FC Internazionale
UEFA Cup: 1993–94
Arsenal
Premier League: 1997–98, 2001–02, 2003–04
FA Cup: 1997–98, 2001–02, 2002–03, 2004–05
FA Community Shield: 1998, 2002, 2004
"Personal Honours"
Personal Honours:
Dutch Football Talent of the Year: 1990
Dutch Footballer of the Year: 1991, 1992
English Football Hall of Fame
FIFA 100
"The Non-Flying Dutchman"
Due to their fear of flying, Bergkamp is nicknamed the Non-Flying Dutchman. This came after an engine of the plane cut out during flight back in 1994 and a journalist joked of having a bomb in their bag! Bergkamp decided thereafter that they would never fly again as anxiety over the flight would seriously affect their performances. This caused them a lot of problems and limited their ability to play in away matches.
"Personal Life"
Dennis Bergkamp is married to Henrita Ruizendaal since 1993 and they have 4 daughters: Estelle Deborah, Mitchel Dennis, Yasmin Naomi and Saffron Rita. Apart from football, during their time at Arsenal they studied Mechanical Engineering at The University of Bath and graduated with a B.Sc. Presently they serve as the assistant manager at Ajax, having completed their Coach Betaald Voetbal course by the KNVB, a mandatory course for coaching in the Netherlands, in 2008.
There have been very few players in the history of the Premier League that have been able to cause an impact as great as Bergkamp, to the game of any club. Their contributions to Arsenal will never be forgotten by the fans at the Emirates and hope to have more players like them in the future.
Stop! Back matter time!
This week, Matt is too busy having a child to write the blog. So that duty falls to me, the third member of the ThreeOneFive, Evin. I haven't had the pleasure of writing the page blog yet, but every single week I write the supplementary blog, the Sunday Bonus Lunch, which Matt dutifully promotes. If you haven't read it, you should. Do it now, it will make your life way better in every possible way is somewhat interesting. I also do some design work on the comic, like this page you see today. Anyhoo, nice to meet you.
This section of back matter will all revolve around Abigail Singer, the Saxon tart we've all come to know and love over the last year. We're privy to a little about their past so far in the story.  They are Amelia Upton, the granddaughter or Sir Arthur Holmwood. (He's already met their fate in a previous back matter, having been tossed in the loony bin after stabbing their own daughter to death in front of Abigail.) These next pieces of story will fill us in on what happened after that fateful night. Hang on, dear readers, there are twists incoming over the next three weeks!
Meanwhile, behind the scenes, we're getting ready to blast the final chapter into the world as we speak! Let me be the first to tell you, Danilo is KILLING it more than I could have ever possibly imagined. A lot about this current story is more than we imagined though. When we first discussed telling this Daredevils story, I assured the guys that we could do Pitch Black Day in 20 pages, easy. I was way off. But even though the story has gone way (way!) over budget page-wise, it has been totally worth it. These back matter pages, while not the stunning art extravaganzas that we're used to on a week-to-week basis, are still some of my favorite story moments. Finding an unorthodox way to get you wonderful readers from point A to point B has been a cool learning experience this last year, and it's something we plan to keep doing as long as our minds can churn out Daredevils adventures.
What does Matt usually say here? Something about RSS, whatever that is. If you RSS our page, awesome! Keep it up. RSSing is the coolest. Also, like us on Facebook! Every week I make a Radiogram that barks about the upcoming page. It's cool, trust me. I swear it's better than the inspirational memes that that one guy from college you knew back then but not so much any more posts. For real. (If you ARE that guy, keep it up! Follow us anyway as if I didn't say that last part.) And finally, follow Matt on Twitter, so you can get gleaming nuggets of wisdom from some dude with a journalism degree , my best friend, and brand-new father of a healthy baby boy!
Be here next week, Daredevilers, as the Secret Origin of Abigail Singer continues!
-Evin
I have been defeated, beaten by the clock.
I have been to bed the past few days out of exhaustion. Sleep has been quick and almost dreamless. The night passes like a flash and then the alarm sounds its four notes. My phone buzzes, the smell of coffee is filling the house. It's time to be awake again.
It's time to do the same things I did yesterday, in pretty much the same way and not get them all done. Again.
Who said “insanity is doing the same thing again and again and expecting different results?” Because, you know what, on some days, I actually like the results I get. Some days, my schedule is just perfect. Things hum along, check marks abound on my little notepad where the to-do list sits.
It's those in-between days that have the power to devastate me.
It's those days when I forget to set out the meat to thaw in the morning as I had hoped to do, those days when my child seems to have forgotten their math tables and we have to go over them one more time for review; it's the days I burn dinner, the days when no matter what I do, the toddler refuses to obey and it feels like all day long I've done nothing but correct and discipline and does that count as school?
Those days.
Those are the days I have run into lately. And I am exhausted.
Now please don't get me wrong. We've a wonderful January. I certainly do not need advice. We are actually doing really well in our home school . The children are learning far more than I ever teach, they are independent, self-assured learners, they are curious, creative creatures, everything I want them to be at this stage. So, no, we are not struggling homeschoolers.
It's just this small string of days we've had with no sun, heavy gray clouds oppressing the horizon. They too shall pass but for now they're here.
Do not jump in with advice.
The worst thing you can do right now is give me offhand advice. Because I know, I know – in my bones – that this is temporary, that it doesn't require an overhaul of my time budget and it certainly doesn't need to call my teaching or mothering skills into question.
The best thing you can say is this: “Sometimes doing all you can mean that some things don't get done.”
Because you know it's true. And I know you've been where I am.
It's a truth every homeschooling mom has to admit at some point in their life. She's not failing and neither is they asking for sympathy. They have just hit a rough spot. It will be different a week, a month from today.
Ask them to see farther down the road; don't ask them to pull over and check their map. Don't tell them to put their kid in public school. She's on the right track. Remind them that she's working hard enough. That sometimes doing all you can mean that some things don't get done.
Like this post? Share it with your friends!
FORMER NSW star Mark Geyer has exploded over the Blues' response to another disastrous Origin campaign.
The on-field performances weren't good enough as Laurie Daley's men lost games two and three to surrender their 11th series in 12 years. Then came the accusations of a poor culture in the Origin set-up following reports Josh Dugan and Blake Ferguson were drinking for eight hours at a pub on their day off just five days before the decider.
But NSW Rugby League on Thursday defended the team's culture, clearing Dugan and Ferguson of being drunk and “acting like clowns” and further denying other issues had impacted the Blues in the lead-up.
But Geyer — who represented NSW three times — was left seething by the suggestion nothing was amiss in camp. They accused those involved with rugby league in NSW of sticking their hands in the sand and refusing to confront the ugly truth that is evident to Blues supporters everywhere.
“I know one thing is for sure. The whole thing about State of Origin at the moment stinks,” Geyer said on the Triple M Grill Team.
“When we have the head of the NSW Rugby League (David Trodden) putting their head in the sand and saying we haven't got a cultural problem, forget about what's happening with the individual players at the moment, something's wrong.
“We've lost 11 series out of 12 — something's wrong. It doesn't take us as ex-rugby league players to know something's wrong. The man on the street's telling us something's wrong every day. My mum and dad ring me up and go, ‘What's wrong with NSW?'
“Something's wrong. Since game three all we've spoken about is player behaviour ... we lost the game, we lost the series again, we've lost 11 out of 12 series. Something is wrong with NSW rugby league.
“And when the main man Mr Trodden comes out and says, ‘No, these players haven't got anything to face as far as discipline goes,' I'm sorry but they have. They've brought their team into disrepute.
“They've made headlines for the wrong reasons and it's affected everyone. You could tell by game three that they had something on their mind ... and now we're reading about it you can see why.”
Fellow league legend Matty Johns agreed, saying Dugan and Ferguson's attitude was far worse than the act of having a few beers.
“It's not the act, it's the attitude,” they said. “It's the attitude of saying, ‘This is how I'm going to prepare for probably the most important rugby league game of my life.'
“At the moment from the outside looking in at NSW it looks like every man for himself.”
JOHNS' RADICAL PLAN TO SAVE NSW
Matthew Johns says NSW needs a culture overhaul if it is to end the rot of Queensland dominance in the State of Origin arena.
For Johns, it is about sending a message of intent to the NSW players that the past decade has not been good enough.
The former Blues playmaker even came up with a stunning proposal to ensure that Blues players go into future series with the correct approach — one of passion and true commitment.
“NSW, we need a culture change,” they said on The Late Show with Matty Johns.
“Have we got people in the team that are doing it for the right reason? When a player gets selected for NSW, win, lose or draw, they get $30,000.
“They deserve it because it's the toughest of all the rugby codes in the world, it's the toughest.
“But I tell you what would be a really interesting experiment. The week before selection you bring the 30 players who are in for contention and you sit them down and you say to them, ‘Tell you what we're going to do this year. There's no $30,000 appearance fee. You're going to get $40,000 if you win, but you get nothing if you lose.'
“Go away, have a think about it, if you're not happy and you don't want to play, notify us. It would be an easy way to clean them out. Because I tell you, Jake Trbojevic, that bloke would pay $30,000 to play State of Origin and that's what we need to win a series.”
Former New South Wales coach Tommy Raudonikis has also joined the criticism of Josh Dugan and Blake Ferguson.
Raudonikis' players certainly enjoyed themselves in Origin camp when the former Magpies boss was coach, but the Blues legend said the Dugan-Ferguson incident was very different.
“Laurie Daley, I thought you had more control over your players,” Raudonikis told The Footy Show. “Ferguson and Dugan spent eight hours on the grog, they showed no respect. They should have showed you more respect, they let you down.”
Raudonikis hit out at the New South Wales management for the way they handled preparation after the Blues terrific performance in Origin I.
The former Blues coach said they allowed a ‘cancer' to develop and it proved the downfall of New South Wales' Origin campaign.
“I think this is where all the trouble started, you went down to Kingscliff and you won well — everything was terrific,” Raudonikis said.
“Then why, why did you go back to Sydney, to The Star casino, into camp. Why? It's like waiving a red flag in front of a bull.
“All the players down there are getting patted on the back, reading the papers saying how good they are ‘this is the new era for New South Wales' — wonderful.
“They started believing it and how many of them blokes would have broken camp, I heard of a few.
“It makes you livid, the cancer had already started. They went onto that paddock on Wednesday night and were never a hope.”
Illustration by Slug Signorino
I heard the original Monopoly game, before Parker Brothers took it over, was designed to teach people how broken capitalism is. Is that true? —Matt
Yes, it's more or less true, although you have to ask: Who needs a game to understand how screwed up capitalism is when all you have to do is read the news? Be that as it may, I convened the Straight Dope staff to play several versions of proto-Monopoly. Their review: nothing like the socialists to make the capitalists look good.
The earliest recognizable version of what we know as Monopoly was patented by Lizzie Magie in 1903. The Landlord's Game, as they called it, featured a board with the familiar circuit of increasingly pricey neighborhoods interspersed with railroads and utilities. At three of the corners were Go to Jail, Public Park (the ancestral version of Free Parking), and the Jail itself.
The fourth corner, however, wasn't labeled “Go” but instead bore a drawing of the globe encircled by the lofty words “Labor Upon Mother Earth Produces Wages.” Translation: you got a hundred bucks. Nonetheless you realize that someone here has an agenda.
The story goes that Magie intended their game to be a teaching tool about the injustices of capitalism. They were a fan of the theories of political economist Henry George, who thought landlords were parasites and advocated a “single tax” on them to replace all other taxes.
You're thinking: What an exciting premise for a board game! Depends on how it's handled. If the idea was that the players, beaten down by exorbitant rents, were supposed to rise up and feed their evil landlord's intestines to them with a fork, this might indeed make for a diverting family game night.
But that's not what happened. Instead, the player who accumulated the most money won. How does this teach us about the dark side of capitalism? Search me. All we can suppose is that in 1903 Magie's political thinking, or anyway their approach to agitprop, wasn't fully formed. Perhaps they thought referring to money paid for food, shelter, etc., as “indirect taxation” rather than “expenses” would impart profound lessons in economics. If so, ma'am, I have to tell you that probably went over the average player's head.
Magie eventually tumbled to the pedagogical shortcomings of their invention. Them 1924 patent for a second version of The Landlord's Game explicitly said one objective was showing “how the single tax would discourage land speculation.” The rules now showed more attitude. For example, when throwing the Chance cube, a five meant you'd been “caught robbing a hen-roost—go to jail,” whereas a 10 meant you'd been “caught robbing the public—take $200 from the board. The players will now call you Senator.” Ha!
Two new concepts were introduced in the 1924 edition. Idle Land could be bought for $100 and sold for $200, showing the easy money in land speculation. The other novelty was Monopoly, which at this point applied only to railroads: If you owned all of them, you could charge twice as much. Magie thought this would teach the proletariat that monopolies and land speculation were wicked. However, since the goal was still to wind up with the most money, a more obvious lesson might have been that monopolies and land speculation were great.
As the capitalist frenzy of the '20s continued unabated, Magie undoubtedly thought their plan wasn't working, and gave it one more try. They unveiled a combo game in 1932 called The Landlord's Game plus Prosperity. Prosperity was played on the same board but with modified rules. Taxes, jail, and monopoly pricing were now eliminated; land rent was paid to the public treasury; once enough treasury cash accumulated, private utilities were condemned and placed in public ownership. Most importantly, players could vote to switch from Landlord to Prosperity rules in midgame. Now those chafing under the capitalist yoke (i.e., losing) could wise up, go socialist, and take over.
You can guess how well that went. In our clinical trials, my assistant Fierra quickly figured out how to game the system and make money off railroad nationalization. Them fellow staffer Una discovered using the railroads to take you to real estate offices and treat them as “free parking” was a safe way to get around the board. Mainly, though, the players were frustrated and bored. After 10 minutes, Fierra exclaimed, “Dear God, this bloody game sucks!”
People evidently felt the same in 1932. Magie's latest brainstorm went nowhere. A few years later, in the best capitalist tradition, Charles Darrow ripped off Magie's ideas, sold Monopoly to Parker Brothers, and became a millionaire. Meanwhile, the Stalins of the earth turned out not to be playing Prosperity, as some naifs thought, but rather Totalitarian World Domination, which endured for quite a while.
—Cecil Adams
Is there something you need to get straight? Take it up with Cecil at straightdope.com.
For the second time in as many months, New Jersey State troopers have sprung into action to help deliver a baby.
In the latest surprise delivery, two NJ State Troopers helped a woman deliver a baby girl on the right shoulder of the Garden State Parkway north in Hillside Township early Monday morning.
At 4:14 a.m., the expecting mother was being driven to a Hospital by their husband when they realized they were not going to make it. The couple stopped on the shoulder at milepost 143.2 and dialed 9-1-1.
When Trooper II Alex Muro and Trooper Arnaldo Mateo arrived shortly after being dispatched, they found mom-to-be already in labor in the back seat of the car. At 4:26 a.m., Tpr. Mateo was cradling a newborn baby girl. Both troopers assisted with cutting the umbilical cord before handing them over to mom.
Mom and baby were transported by ambulance to the hospital where they were last reported as doing well.
Cigars all around!
READER COMMENTS ON
"ObamaCare 'Nightmare' Continues: 2015 ACA Premium Rates to DECLINE in Many Major Cities"
(4 Responses so far...)
COMMENT #1 [Permalink]
... Rebecca S. said on 9/7/2014 @ 7:18 pm PT...
WOW 0.08% yeah, what a 'boon' to the poor schleps being forced to pay a few hundred bucks a month for shit insurance they can't afford anyway, and so they eat cheaper food-gain weight-and die of arterial heart disease by age 45; their kids go without new coats or school clothes; christmas now sucks. You know, nobody really complained as much about the government created windfall for the insurance conglomerates as much as the communistic mandate that everyone has to buy it (except illegals who get it free) and the senator who was quoted as saying ''A family of FOUR living on $27,500 a year should EASILY be able to afford 275$ a month for crappy health insurance. Spoken like a truly retarded dickhead, living in the lap of luxury with free 100% coverage for every sniffle and scraped knee - with absolutely no concept of money, or how much shit costs in the real world. EASILY afford 275 a MONTH? What planet is they and are you living on? Rent, food, utilities, telephone, gas & insurance for the car, car note probably - and that right there ALONE is most of that 27,500 a year before taxes. Unless they expect people to live in the worst possible ghetto hell circumstances, in which case they really DO need health insurance and a life insurance policy too. I live on maybe 15,000 a year disability and I am expected to be able to EASILY afford 135 a month for this insurance, even though CATASTROPHIC coverage already exists and cheap health clinics cost less and help me get my medicine at a discount directly from the pharmaceutical company. By the way, you liberals were right when you said we were crazy to believe there would be such a thing as 'death councils'. NO NEED. I read the commiecare manifesto (guidelines set forth by the government for 'care' to be given and under what circumstances) - they won't need a 'council' because it's already set in the 'rules' - care for people 75 or over, any disease or health problem that will cause death without treatment - 'make comfortable' relieve pain. THAT'S it. Hope you weren't hoping for more. My grandmother is 86. They had a heart attack 7 years ago - their heart had a lot of blockages, but also their husband and great-grandson(MY SON)had died within one day of each other exactly a year prior - I guess if they had been blessed with this 'wonderful gift to humanity' I would have lost them too.
COMMENT #2 [Permalink]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/7/2014 @ 9:07 pm PT...
Rebecca S. - Wow. Thank god for ObamaCare! From the tenor of your message, you're gonna need it desperately pretty soon, if only for blood pressure medicine! But let's see if I can help you, a bit, because it sounds like you've fallen for the Rightwing "ObamaCare" hoax hook, line and sinker. (Which the wingnuts thank you mightily for, btw.) WOW 0.08% yeah, what a 'boon' to the poor schleps being forced to pay a few hundred bucks a month for shit insurance they can't afford anyway Well, yeah. When the yearly average increase in premiums had been 10% prior to ObamaCare, for those of us out here in CA, for example, a decrease of any amount is both amazing and welcome. So would be no increase at all, or even a modest increase, as is likely to be the case here in CA. I know for me, as I wrote late last year, I was delighted to save $300/month this year with the same provider I had last year, thanks to Obamacare. As to the "poor schleps being forced to pay a few hundred bucks a month", I'll get to you in a second. I live on maybe 15,000 a year disability and I am expected to be able to EASILY afford 135 a month for this insurance Great news, Rebecca! If that's what you live on, you are entitled to FREE healthcare under the ObamaCare Medicaid expansion! (Unless, of course, you live in a state where your Republican Governor is blocking you from receiving it. If so, sorry about that. You should vote out your Republican Governor.) If your Republican legislators didn't tell you about that, it's because they are playing you for a fool. And, it sounds like, you're happy to play the part. CATASTROPHIC coverage already exists and cheap health clinics cost less and help me get my medicine at a discount directly from the pharmaceutical company. If you'd like to be ripped off by "CATASTROPHIC coverage", that might otherwise be up to you. But at $15,000/year, guess who is more than likely going to be paying for any actual illness you get? That's right, the taxpayer. (Who do you think is funding that "cheap health clinic", btw?) Now, I don't mind helping you pay for healthcare, since you'll need the help at $15,000/year income, but it's better for everybody --- and cheaper, by far, for taxpayers --- if everyone pay into the pool, rather than just some, while others (you for instance?) suck off the system without paying their fair share. By the way, you liberals were right when you said we were crazy to believe there would be such a thing as 'death councils'. Don't know what "liberals" you think you're referring to, lady. Most of the folks at this site, in any case, (including myself) opposed Obamacare as it was passed. On the other hand, most of us here aren't also blinded by partisan ideology based on lies, so we can also point out what is successful (and what isn't) about the current law, without passing on hoax bullshit of the type it seems you've fallen for. I read the commiecare manifesto (guidelines set forth by the government for 'care' to be given and under what circumstances) - they won't need a 'council' because it's already set in the 'rules' - care for people 75 or over, any disease or health problem that will cause death without treatment - 'make comfortable' relieve pain. THAT'S it. Hope you weren't hoping for more. Uh...a couple of things here. First, if you're 75 or over, you area already covered by Medicare. You don't need the private insurance mandated by Obamacare. Second, since you "read" it, I hope you'll be generous enough to let us know what page you "read" the above at. Otherwise, you might appear to be a huge, duped liar passing off bullshit you were told by wingnuts without bothering to actually learn if they were lying to you as well. We'll be waiting for the page number, dear. Hope you'll not disappoint us! My grandmother is 86. They had a heart attack 7 years ago - their heart had a lot of blockages, but also their husband and great-grandson(MY SON)had died within one day of each other exactly a year prior - I guess if they had been blessed with this 'wonderful gift to humanity' I would have lost them too. Sorry to hear about your losses. However, with your grandmother covered by government healthcare at the time, I hope they received their regular treatments and that the government-paid healthcare after the heartattack helped them out. If their husband and your son did not receive regular medical check-ups, as is provided under Obamacare, that may have been why their heart condition wasn't discovered prior to their deaths. Hopefully that same tragedy will now happen to far fewer people because of the Affordable Care Act. (And, hopefully, the ACA will be improved so that it covers many more people for much less money in the future, via a single payer system, akin to the type your grandmother now enjoys from the government.)
COMMENT #3 [Permalink]
... art guerrilla said on 9/14/2014 @ 2:20 pm PT...
1. nice, pick out the miscues, hyperbole and errors, but leave the essential thrust of their valid points alone... gosh, this blogging bidness is easy, peasy, japaneasy ! ! !
2. there are NUMEROUS valid reasons to oppose obamacare (since you say you opposed it, that would seem to indicate you think so too); most definitely including it entrenches and sanctifies THE MOST egregious component of the (so-called) health care (read: health profits) industry: the parasitic insurers...
it would be tedious (if not useless, since YOUR wallet has gotten fatter, it appears YOU have drunk the koolaid, too: OBVIOUSLY obamacare has now magically turned into an unalloyed 'good thing') to dig up the links to numerous articles which analyze EXACTLY HOW they have the WHOLE INDUSTRY by the balls, and it is ALL to squeeze them and extract maximum pain (ie money) from the hoi polloi...
for example, the couple thousand healthcare 'codes' needed to apply for billing, etc, is exploding to 60-70000, and that has NOTHING to do with 'helping' the patients, and EVERYTHING to do with screwing them over more and better...
their forms and contracts, etc, are now making you include every bruise, hangnail, and sneeze that you had in your life so they can REFUSE/RESCIND COVERAGE when they trip you up on *something* they *WILL* find... we HAVE given the henhouse to the foxes, and a few chickens get better feed, so they aren't squawking so loud... gee, i feel so happy for those lucky few chickens... buck buck buck 3. *just* went to look at healthinsurance.gov (sic), and i can't get out of there with the SHITTIEST bronze coverage (w/a 6250 deductible before ANYTHING kicks in, sweet!) eats up 25% of my TAKE HOME pay @ 38k per year...
so, i pay 25% of my take home, then if i actually get sick, i have to spend $6250 (about 3 months of take home) out of pocket...
some deal...
(my wife's insurance to get me covered was EVEN MORE for less; my work insurance is almost two times more, BUT it actually does cover some shit without a huge deductible, but there are other issues...)
and BEFORE you go full stupid on me, YES it is 'my state's fault' (AS IF i had a freaking choice, dickless) that i can't have 'real' obamacare and have to rely on the 'marketplace' (what a sick joke that is), BUT THAT IS REALITY FOR A LOT OF US... so, yeah, just write all the rest of us off as sore losers...
fuck you...
COMMENT #4 [Permalink]
... Deb said on 9/21/2014 @ 6:47 pm PT...
Castilla Luis Miguel Ramis announced their departure
Santiago Solari is the leading candidate to take over as coach of Real Madrid Castilla, the club's B team.
Luis Miguel Ramis - who replaced Zinedine Zidane in the Castilla dugout in January following the Frenchman's promotion to the senior team - announced on Monday that they will not be continuing.
When the Catalan was promoted up the food chain from the Juvenil A side, the place they left behind was filled by Solari, who now looks like replacing Ramis once again.
It has been a rapid rise for the Argentine and ex-Real Madrid player, who has overseen the Cadete B, Cadete A, Juvenil B and Juvenil A since they arrived as a coach in 2013.
Not only did they win the championship with both Cadete sides, but the 39-year-old has also led Juvenil A to this Sunday's Copa del Rey Juvenil final against city rivals Atletico Madrid in Mallorca.
Castilla reached the Segunda B play-offs in the 2015/16 season, but missed out on promotion to Spanish football's second tier.
[ Music ]
Announcer: Welcome back to Something Every Tuesday with Esen Landari! Brought to you by Kel-To, “It's a long road out there; we make it a little shorter,” and RSI, “Roberts Space Industries: Delivering the Stars since 2075.” Back to you, Esen!
[ Applause ]
Let's hear it for SET's awesome announcer, Christine. Isn't they great!
[ Applause ]
Our final guest tonight is currently in a dead heat with Suj Kossi to be the next Senator from Elysium IV. Please welcome Gabrielle Gracián!
[ Applause ]
Thanks for being here, Counselor Gracián. It's a pleasure to have you on the show.
Gabrielle Gracián: So nice to be here, and please, call me Gabby.
How about that? First-name basis already; you move fast, Gabby. You sure you have the right temperament for the Senate? 'Cause last time I checked, they move slower than Corel's customs line.
[ Polite Chuckle ]
Gabrielle Gracián: Well, Esen, that's actually one of the reasons I'm running. The Senate is meant to be a deliberative body, not a dysfunctional one. Unlike either of my opponents, I have over a decade of experience in public office overcoming gridlock and passing legislation to help the people of Jalan.
That's great! Unfortunately, I don't live in Jalan, and I don't think most of my audience does either. Know what? That's not true. I definitely know most don't live there. I've seen the viewer stats. Let's just say there are a lot more SET fans living in Stor-All containers than you'd expect …
[ Laughter ]
So Gabby, your election race has been garnering Empire-wide attention for months now. You've had a career in politics, served on Jalan's Governor's Council and whatnot. How is this attention affecting your campaign?
Gabrielle Gracián: It takes some adjustment. I met Marcus Shaar backstage. Somehow he's even more handsome in person than in theirs vids.
[ Applause, Catcalls ]
I know, right? I'm 99% certain some executive grew them in a lab.
Gabrielle Gracián: Turns out they shot a vid in my hometown of Gemma last year and loved every minute of it. So not only is they handsome, they also have great taste.
Oh, I see, so the real reason you want to join the Senate is so you can meet sizzlers like Marcus. Got it. Makes perfect sense.
[ Laughter ]
Gabrielle Gracián: Well that's just a small part. I'm really running because I want to help people. Every day for the past decade I have gone to work for Jalan. I have brought good jobs to the planet through trade deals, and made it easier for residents to create their own jobs by eradicating inefficient small business bureaucracy.
My motto has always been “make government better, not bigger,” and I look forward to putting that principle into practice for the entire Empire, not just Jalan.
Last week we had your main opponent, Suj Kossi, on the show, who, if you've been living in a cave, is trying to become the first Tevarin Senator. The latest poll has you and Kossi running neck and neck. With the May 3rd election almost here, what will make you a better Senator than Suj Kossi?
Gabrielle Gracián: First, this isn't simply a race between Mr. Kossi and myself. There's also Mr. Marigold to consider.
Yeah, but let's be real. The Empire is enthralled by this election because of Mr. Kossi. Just a few years ago, the thought of a Tevarin Senator seemed farfetched. Now you're the one who's in the way of history. How does that make you feel?
Gabrielle Gracián: I think it's great that the Empire is interested. Anytime the public gets engaged, it's a win for the democratic process.
History is made every time a new Senator is elected. So May 3rd will be a memorable election day regardless of who wins.
But you have to admit there's more at stake here, at least from a historical perspective, than most Senate races. That has to affect you, and your campaign, in some way, right?
Gabrielle Gracián: Listen, at the end of the day, this is a race about ideas, not identity, and I am confident that my ideas are better for the voters of Jalan. That's what I've been focused on, and that's why I think I'll win.
Now, Gabby, I have to admit it's a bit unusual for us to have a candidate for Senate on this show. My producers aren't too keen on it, because I'm known to ask a lot of hard questions. Like, “Can I get that with extra cheese?” Or … “does this smell weird to anyone else?” You know, really hard hitting stuff.
Gabrielle Gracián: Trust me, I know. My campaign manager ran me through the wringer to prepare for this interview.
Now, one of the criticisms you've faced is that you're too prepared with your answers.
Gabrielle Gracián: I didn't realize it's a political disadvantage to know the issues.
See, that's a great response, but some would argue that you come off a bit too slick. So I wanted to do something to get both of us out of our comfort zones. Would you be open to playing a little game with me?
Gabrielle Gracián: Sounds fun. What's the game?
A little fan favorite called “Spin Cycle”!
[ Applause ]
Before us is a giant wheel with various categories on it. Some are serious, like trade policy, and others are a bit more playful. So we'll take turns spinning the wheel, and our announcer Christine will ask us a question related to whatever category the wheel lands on. We must either answer that question, or “pass.” But if you “pass,” you have to tell the audience the last search term you typed into your mobiGlas. Are you ready?
Gabrielle Gracián: Let's do it!
[ Applause, Cheers ]
I'll go first …
[ Spinning Sound ]
… and my first question will come from the ‘Vanduul' category.
Announcer: Following the announcement of Retribution joining the war effort, what else can be done to ensure the UEE's victory against the Vanduul?
Ok … kinda feel like this one would've been perfect for you, Gabby. So what would I, Esen Landari, do to ensure we win the war against the Vanduul?
How about make them watch my show? Have we tried using soft power yet? Pretty sure 'Duul would love my comedy stylings. Right? Talking universal appeal, here.
[ Applause ]
You're up, Gabby. Give that wheel a good spin!
[ Spinning Sound ]
And your first … category … is … oohhh, ‘mineral rights.' Damn it. This one was supposed to be for me. But that's just the way the wheel works.
Announcer: Are you for or against Jalan opening restricted lands to mining claims?
Gabrielle Gracián: I believe government regulation has stifled Jalan's mining industry, and many of these restrictions should be eliminated or modified. Now, this is a sensitive issue due to the number of Tevarin buildings and archaeological sites on Jalan. So I would lead the charge to find a solution that allows companies to expand their claims, which will add more jobs and bring more money to our planet's economy, while also preserving the places that make Jalan truly unique in this Empire.
[ Applause ]
Come on, Gabby, it takes the fun out of it if you're going to answer everything so eloquently all the time. The audience is here to see stumbles and missteps.
Gabrielle Gracián: I'll try harder next time. Or try less?
All right, then you get off with a warning this time. My turn …
[ Spinning Sound ]
‘Airlock.'
Announcer: You're stuck in an airlock with Jalan Senate candidates Suj Kossi and Sakae Marigold. Due to a malfunction, the airlock is about to depressurize but there are only two space suits. What do you do?
Gabrielle Gracián: Glad I didn't get that one.
Yeah, this is an easy one for me. I put on both space suits in case one malfunctions.
[ Laughter ]
We've got time for one more, Gabby. Give that wheel a spin!
[ Spinning Sound ]
… ‘Coffee or tea.'
Announcer: Do you prefer coffee or tea?
Gabrielle Gracián: Neither. I'll take a cup of raleb over either of those any day.
Raleb, what's that?
Gabrielle Gracián: A traditional Tevarin drink. It's made from a plant native to Jalan. If you look hard, you can find it off planet, but it's not nearly as good. You'll have to visit Jalan and try some!
Now the important question, does it contain alcohol?
Gabrielle Gracián: Depends on how my day is going.
[ Laughter ]
I want to thank Gabrielle Gracián for joining us tonight. If you want to learn more about Counselor Gracián, you can find plenty of info about them and their positions on the Spectrum. Finally, residents of Jalan, remember to vote for your future Senator on May 3rd!
I'm Esen Landari. See you next week because we have Something Every Tuesday. Good night!
In case you were wondering how high the stakes are for the national right in the battle over Scott Walker's recall, consider this: The Americans for Prosperity Foundation, a branch of the conservative group founded by the Koch brothers, is sinking at least $700,000 into ads in Wisconsin defending Walker's record.
A source who tracks ad buys first noticed the expenditure, which has now been confirmed by a spokesperson for the group.
The spot is a remarkable minute-long defense of Walker's budgetary policies, including the controversial rollback of public employee bargaining rights, and interestingly, the ad mounts this defense without mentioning Walker's name once.
What's more, it also claims that Walker's policies have been implemented without any “mass layoffs,” sounding a pro-worker message, despite the fact that national conservatives see Walker as their number one hero when it comes to breaking the back of the national labor movement:
Americans for Prosperity Foundation spokesperson Levi Russell confirms to me that the $700,000 ad buy will fund this ad in various Wisconsin markets, and another ad to be unveiled next week. The current spot, which has run previously, doesn't mention Walker because the ad is being funded by the group's 501c3.
AFP invested heavily in last year's battle over the recall of GOP state senators who supported Walker's rollback of bargaining rights. AFP took some heat after it emerged that the group had sent out absentee ballots, in the districts of at least two state senators, that ended up misleading voters about the date of voting.
The group's massive investment in the Walker recall fight is another reminder that for national conservative and Tea Party groups, the battle to defend Walker against recall has emerged as their number one national cause celebre.
As Andy Kroll reported recently, the Walker recall is a crucial, make-or-break moment for the Tea Party. Walker's initial election was a major Tea Party victory, and the Tea Party is currently shrinking and a bit adrift. If Walker loses, it will be a major blow to the national movement. In this sense, the battle to save Walker may end up being seen as the Tea Party's last stand.
olicies
Shiv Sena has a 50-year-long legacy of “waging struggles for the cause of Hindutva and Marathi manoos” and will continue to fight for these, party president Uddhav Thackeray said here today.
Advertising
Speaking at a book release function, Thackeray said Sena is not merely a “political party, but an ideology that is deeply rooted in the common man”.
“Shiv Sena has attained this position after a long struggle in last 50 years and whatsoever has happened is before you. We have the history of struggle during this phase but at the same time we are indebted to all Shiv Sainiks who sacrificed everything to live up the expectations of Marathi manoos,” they said.
“When we fought for Marathi Manoos, we were termed as having a chauvinistic ideology and forgetting our nation. (Conversely) when we came forward to uplift the cause of Hindutva, opponents asked whether we have forgotten the Marathi cause. But I want to (make it) clear that we have been struggling for both these causes during the past 50 years and would be striving to do so in future as well,” the Sena chief said.
Shiv Sena, founded by Bal Thackeray in 1966, completed its golden jubilee last month. The book in Marathi, “Suvarn Mahotsavi Shivsena: 50 Vershachi Ghaud-daud” is penned by senior party office-bearers Harshal Pradhan and Vijay Sawant.
Stressing that “many more phases of 50 years” will come for Sena, Thackeray said their party will continue to fight for the upliftment of common people.
“Our first and foremost priority has been to serve the common man who is very much concerned about the prices of pulses and common vegetables. Our priority is not those who deal with the prices of stock market,” they said.
Watch Video: What's making news
In a veiled dig at its alliance partner BJP, Thackeray said, “whosoever wants to overpower us will never be successful.The dream to finish Sena would remain a dream and Sena would continue to flourish.”
Advertising
Pradhan said, “In terms of seats, Shiv Sena's graph might have seen some fluctuations, but people of the state always hold the party in high esteem, which is never-ending.” City Mayor Snehal Ambekar, ministers from the party Subhash Desai, Diwakar Raote and Ravindra Waikar and senior leaders were present on the occasion.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
President Donald Trump trashed the Russia investigation once again last week at a rally in West Virginia, saying that “there were no Russians in our campaign” and denouncing “a total fabrication” to enthralled supporters. “Have you seen any Russians in West Virginia or Ohio or Pennsylvania?” they asked mockingly. “Are there any Russians here tonight? Any Russians?”
There may well have been, for anyone in the crowd scrolling through a smartphone.
As Trump spoke, Russian-linked social-media networks were busy attacking Trump's national security adviser, Gen. H.R. McMaster, using the same type of digital operations that the Kremlin deployed against the 2016 presidential election. Russian-linked Twitter accounts had for days been piling onto a growing campaign by the so-called alt-right to purge Trump's national security adviser—who is viewed by some of the president's base as a “globalist tool” and a threat to their hardline nationalist agenda. Meanwhile, recent content from Russian state media RT and Sputnik has included stories such as “What's Behind Trump's Striking Back at Washington's ‘Russophobes'”—a piece that went on at length about McMaster “falling out of favor with Trump.”
Some of Russia's digital efforts to continue to disrupt and influence US politics are now more in the open, thanks to “Hamilton 68,” a new dashboard tracing Russian-linked information warfare on Twitter. A project of the nonpartisan Alliance for Securing Democracy, Hamilton tracks 600 accounts in real time, analyzing “a network of accounts linked to and participating in Russian influence campaigns,” according to the site.
“Here's what #Putin wants Americans talking about.”
The dashboard tracker shows that #FireMcMaster became a top trending hashtag on their global list last week. As the New York Times reported Friday, the #FireMcMaster hashtag was tweeted more than 50,000 times in the previous 48 hours. “Echoing the drumbeat were social media organs tied to the Russian government,” the Times said. The dashboard also shows that each day the Russian-led effort delivered some 20,000 to 25,000 tweets.
“Here's what #Putin wants Americans talking about,” tweeted former FBI agent Clint Watts, one of the cyber warfare experts behind the project.
How did the campaign start? Hamilton 68 engineer J.M. Berger told Mother Jones, “It appears that the #FireMcMaster hashtag campaign may have originated on Reddit, and users there took it to Twitter and directed it to prominent alt-right figures until it began to trend. At some point in this process, the Russian influence networks picked up on it and began to amplify it as well.”
“The Knives are Coming Out for H.R. McMaster,” is the way Business Insider described the spreading alt-right campaign on Friday, amid a fresh round of McMaster-bashing stories from Breitbart News and others. “Allies of White House chief strategist Steve Bannon intensified their battle against national security adviser H.R. McMaster this week as McMaster began asserting more control over the National Security Council and fired officials appointed by their immediate predecessor, Michael Flynn.”
The Russians likely were happier when Flynn was running the NSC for Trump and cultivating friendly ties with departing Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak, who appears to be no fan of Hamilton 68. According to a story in Sputnik on Saturday, Kislyak said they were “surprised” by the effort. “A tool after tool is being created to counter RT and Sputnik that have become regarded as almost a threat of a hybrid invasion in many countries,” they said.
The Kremlin's M.O. is also to work the active fault lines in US politics. Faced with the rising social-media campaign against their national security adviser, Trump late last week sought to tamp down speculation of an imminent firing: “General McMaster and I are working very well together,” they said in a statement to the New York Times. “He is a good man and very pro-Israel. I am grateful for the work they continue to do serving our country.”
Meanwhile, another campaign picked up by the Russians this week has been a surge in the use of the #ResignPaulRyan hashtag, again echoing pressure from the nationalist base against the speaker of the House to be more compliant with Trump's agenda. Other trending topics spotlighted by the tracker include Russian-linked promotion of Trump TV, a new “real news” video series produced in Trump Tower that the Washington Post says “feels a lot like real propaganda—or state TV.”
Though the provenance of the war on McMaster may ultimately remain murky, the bottom line is that the alt-right (whose current rallying cries include “bring back Michael Flynn”) and the Russians are both engaged in an active campaign to get rid of the current national security adviser. But even if that doesn't come to pass, the political intrigue and infighting involved contributes to the Trump administration's turmoil, in part by exacerbating uncertainty among US allies about American leadership on national security matters. That is in Russia's keen interest, and they will keep at it—even as Trump, as they did again on Monday, keeps calling the whole thing a hoax.
Algae Fuel Will Have a Significant Energy Return on Investment, Consume Waste CO2 and Can Be Grown in Saltwater on Marginal Lands
MINNEAPOLIS, MN--(Marketwired - Sep 19, 2013) - Algae-derived biofuel can reduce life cycle CO 2 emissions by 50 to 70 percent compared to petroleum fuels, and is approaching a similar Energy Return on Investment (EROI) as conventional petroleum according to a new peer-reviewed paper published in Bioresource Technology. The study, which is the first to analyze real-world data from an existing algae-to-energy demonstration scale farm, shows that the environmental and energy benefits of algae biofuel are at least on par, and likely better, than first generation biofuels.
"This study affirms that algae-based fuels provide results without compromise," said Mary Rosenthal, ABO's executive director. "With significant emissions reductions, a positive energy balance, nutrient recycling and CO 2 reuse, algae-based fuels will be a long-term, sustainable source of fuels for our nation."
The study, "Pilot-scale data provide enhanced estimates of the life cycle energy and emissions profile of algae biofuels produced via hydrothermal liquefaction (HTL)," is a life cycle analysis of an algae cultivation and fuel production process currently employed at pre-commercial scales. The authors examined field data from two facilities operated by Sapphire Energy in Las Cruces and Columbus, New Mexico that grow and process algae into Green Crude oil. Sapphire Energy's Green Crude can be refined into drop-in fuels such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel.
The study concluded that algae technologies at commercial scale are projected to produce biofuels with lower greenhouse gas emissions and EROI values that are comparable to first generation biofuels. Additionally, algae based biofuels produced through this pathway at commercial scale will have a significant energy return on investment (EROI), close to petroleum and three times higher than cellulosic ethanol. The system that was evaluated recycles nutrients, can accept an algae feed that is up to 90 percent water in the processing phase, and the final product can be blended with refinery intermediates for refining into finished gasoline or diesel product, resulting in significant energy savings throughout the process.
"These real-world data from demonstration scale facilities gave us new insight and allowed us to understand how scale will impact the benefits and costs of algae-to-energy deployment," said lead author Andres F. Clarens, Assistant Professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Virginia, Charlottesville. "These results suggest that algae-based fuels made using HTL have an environmental profile that is comparable to conventional biofuels."
The authors also write that expected improvements in the industry mean that algae-based biofuels are set to surpass advanced biofuels such as cellulosic ethanol in terms of both energy returns and greenhouse gas emissions.
About the Algae Biomass Organization
The Algae Biomass Organization (ABO) is a 501 c(6) non-profit whose mission is to promote the development of viable commercial markets for renewable and sustainable commodities derived from algae. Its membership is comprised of people, companies and organizations across the value chain. More information about ABO, including its leadership, membership, costs, benefits and members and their affiliations, is available at the website: www.algaebiomass.org.
America's National Day of Prayer was an eventful one this year. Not only did House Republicans get their Obamacare repeal bill to the Senate floor, President Trump signed an executive order making it easier for churches to take part in political activity, which includes endorsing/opposing political candidates or raising money for them.
In response, the influential atheist group American Atheists have pledged to file a lawsuit “challenging the unconstitutional preference of houses of worship” over secular nonprofits such as themselves.
At issue is the current law which states churches and other non-profit organizations must abstain organizing in politics or face “maximum enforcement discretion” by the IRS.
Full text of the “Promoting Free Speech and Religious Liberty” EO: https://t.co/UI6S1ZwMtm pic.twitter.com/3JOkvB8Agp — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) May 4, 2017
“The purpose of this action is clear,” American Atheists' National Legal Director Amanda Knief said in a post on their website. “The president is caving to the demands of a small minority of religious extremists who, in fact, already engage in electoral politics. They want the benefits that come with nonprofit status, but don't want to play by the same rules as everyone else.”
“Codifying this sort of special treatment of religious groups is fundamentally at odds with the U.S. Constitution and cannot be allowed to stand. We'll take this all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary,” Knief added.
So strange that Pres. Trump thinks pastors are being muzzled, have no free speech. Robert Jeffress, Jerry Falwell, Jr. both endorsed him! — American Atheists (@AmericanAtheist) May 4, 2017
The activists argue that Trump's executive order gives special treatment to churches, who are tax-exempt but are permitted to engage in advocacy on issues just as long as it doesn't violate the Johnson amendment — a fact that contradicts talking points released from the White House this Wednesday that claim religious leaders are “prohibited from speaking about politics and candidates from the pulpit.”
From AA:
“They already get tax exempt status, tax deductions for their donors, and opaque finances with no disclosure, and now they want the ability to influence our elections,” American Atheists president David Silverman said.
“This would allow billions of dollars in anonymous money to be funneled through churches, turning religions into the new Super PACs.”
Featured image via Gage Skidmore
The attempt by the Spanish "Occupy" movement, the indignados, to surround the Congress in Madrid has been compared by the secretary general of the ruling rightwing People's party (PP) to an attempted coup.
Spanish democracy may indeed be in peril, but the danger is not in the streets. According to the Financial Times, the EU has been in secret talks with the economy minister Luis de Guindos to implement further austerity measures in advance of Spain requesting a full bailout. On Thursday the government will announce structural reforms and additional spending reductions, on top of the already huge cutbacks in health and education.
Pre-empting the bailout conditions means the government is able to retain the illusion of sovereignty.
In reality, Spain is on the brink of insolvency and under huge pressure to accept a rescue package. In return, the eurozone's fourth largest economy will have to surrender sovereign and financial control to the IMF, the European commission, and the European Central Bank.
If talk of a financial coup d'etat sounds far-fetched, consider this statement from a recent Goldman Sachs report: "The more the Spanish administration indulges domestic political interests … the more explicit conditionality is likely to be demanded." That's banker-speak for, "We can do this the easy way, or the hard way."
Meanwhile, in their heroic denials that a bailout is even necessary, Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy increasingly resembles Saddam Hussein's information minister continuing to insist the Americans were fleeing and killing themselves by the hundreds at the city's gates, even as Baghdad was falling. Rajoy's strategy of denial has form. In June they insisted Spanish banks would not need to be bailed out, two weeks before they were. This paternalistic, old-fashioned attempt to mould public opinion in the face of reality seems to indicate that, as many local commentators have observed, the Spanish administration is operating "as if it didn't know the internet existed".
Maintaining the illusion of sovereignty is important, because Rajoy does not want to go down in history as the author of Spain's humiliation. There is an infamous picture of Indonesia's President Suharto signing away economic control in 1998, as the head of the IMF looms over him, arms folded, smiling. Rajoy is desperate to avoid such a scene, all too aware that the governments of Greece, Portugal and Ireland fell after being forced to ask for bailouts that imposed further austerity on their populations.
The PP also wants to avoid asking for a rescue package before crucial elections in Galicia and the Basque country on 21 October. But if Rajoy further delays in asking for a rescue, they could suffer the same fate as Berlusconi, removed from power last year and replaced by a ex-Goldman Sachs technocrat after a run-in with the European Central Bank.
The main problem for Rajoy is that what Goldman Sachs calls "indulging domestic political interests" the rest of us call "democracy".
The government is right to fear the Spanish public's reaction to this new round of suffering mandated by the financial markets. Already many protest signs say: "We can't take any more." With a 26% unemployment rate, 22% of Spanish households now live below the poverty line and a further 30% cannot "reach the end of the month" as they say here.
Hundreds of thousands of trade unionists took to the streets of Madrid again last week. Loss of sovereignty is fuelling desire for Catalan independence with huge protests. Spanish citizen movements, like those in Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and France have demanded a debt audit, to see who really owes what to whom. Opposition politician Cayo Lara is asking for any bailout conditions to be debated in parliament, while a group called Judges for Democracy are looking at whether the virtual deconstruction of the social state could be unconstitutional. And the Spanish indignados are rattling the gates of Congress today against the betrayal of political parties and the undermining of popular democracy by the troika and the markets.
They are up against some of the most powerful forces on the planet. But they may take comfort from their counterparts in Portugal. Recently the Portuguese government announced it would raise social security contributions from 11% to 18% in a country which cannot absorb more salary cuts. In response an unprecedented 600,000 people swarmed the gates of parliament and 40 city centres across the country, shouting "thieves!" and "cowards!" and demanding the government's resignation. In response the Portuguese government has done a U-turn.
Goldman Sachs and their ilk will find Spaniards at least as fiery in defence of their sovereignty.
• This article was amended on 25 September 2012. It originally stated that Spain was Europe's fourth largest economy. This has now been corrected
Cypriots protest against EU bailout and plans for a levy on bank deposits. Photo by EPA/BGNES
Cyprus Finance Minister Michalis Sarris is set to be in Moscow for talks on Wednesday, hoping to negotiate a delay in the repayment of Russia's EUR 2.5 B loan.
Russia has also said it may reconsider the terms of the loan it made to Cyprus in 2011, which was separate from the proposed eurozone bailout.
Cypriot Finance Minister Michalis Sarris arrived in Moscow on Tuesday to see if the repayment on that loan could be delayed until 2020, and whether the interest rate could be reduced.
But any tax on bank accounts, even if mitigated by a loan from Russia, would still carry the risk of a serious flight of capital, according to commentators.
Russians account for about a third of all deposits in Cypriot banks, and Russian banks have lent heavily to businesses on the island.
The plan to tax bigger deposits at a higher rate has angered Russia.
6 Japan Observations
1. The history issue is not going away anytime soon. China has every reason to perpetuate it: Stoking the fires of the past provides Beijing with a ready tool in its strategic competition with Tokyo. As for South Korea, even if Japan did a "full Germany" in atoning for its past, it is not clear what would satisfy Seoul.
2. Tokyo has resigned itself to the above. It is engaging in clever diplomacy — building up more trust and diplomatic space outside South Korea and China before pushing full throttle on the national security changes it needs to make. Its outreach to Southeast Asia, including substantial aid to the typhoon-hit Philippines has been eagerly welcomed. It will next turn to deep engagement with Europe.
3. Relations with the United States are uneven. Japan has much gratitude for U.S. statements that the Senkaku Islands fall under the mutual treaty alliance (accompanied by Hillary nostalgia), and the United States has been supportive of Japan's plans to form a National Security Council. But, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kerry's visit to the Chidorigafuchi cemetery for World War II dead was considered too clever by half by Japanese officials. The intent was to send a message to Japan to reckon with its past and stop visiting the Yasukuni Shrine. But as an important ally and friend, Japan would prefer that the United States express its desires privately. And, apparently, Japanese officials were not consulted about this move. China will have a propaganda field day with it.
4. Unlike Vegas, what happens in the Middle East does not stay in the Middle East. As fellow Shadow Government blogger Mike Green wrote, there is deep concern that the United States warned Syria against the use of chemical weapons and then did nothing when Bashar al-Assad used them. I speculate that a bad Iranian nuclear deal will do grave harm to U.S. credibility in Asia as well. Japan is completely dependent on the United States to protect it against weapons of mass destruction. Both North Korea and China have them and view Japan as a rival if not an enemy. It is simply not possible to cordon off one part of the globe and say that you are focusing on another. As Asian energy consumers more deeply engage the Middle East and weapons of mass destruction spread, what happen there matters to the United States' Pacific allies.
5. Abenomics, which makes all else possible, is in danger of petering out. Without serious corporate changes and restructuring, it will appear as though Tokyo simply primed the pump. For a variety of reasons, Japan needs more productivity. While exporters have benefited, the bad old ways of corporate cross-ownership and protection of majority shareholders remain. This will stifle attempts to inject vitality and dynamism into the economy.
6. The Japanese are excited to have Caroline Kennedy as the U.S. ambassador, as they should be. A new post-Cold War generation rules Washington, without the memories of what the U.S.-Japan alliance accomplished. Political leaders across the aisle need to educate themselves about how important the alliance is for this century's problems. Kennedy has a great opportunity to reintroduce Japan to a new generation of political leaders. And given the respect their family engenders across the United States, they can help inject new vitality into the U.S.-Japan relationship more broadly.
A 14-year-old high school student in Reno, Nevada, is in a critical condition after they were shot in the shoulder by a school resource officer on campus. The student was waving a knife at a fellow pupil prior to the shooting.
The student, who was identified by their family as Logan Clark, 14, according to the Reno Gazette-Journal, was shot Wednesday on the campus of Hug High School in north Reno following an alleged dispute with another student.
The school was put on lockdown late Wednesday morning after the student drew at least one knife during an altercation and attempted to attack others, waving the knife amid several students in the outdoor quad of the school, according to local reports and video of the incident.
A school resource officer for the Washoe County School District instructed the student to drop the knife, the Gazette-Journal reported. When they did not comply, the officer shot them in the shoulder, then offered medical attention, Reno Police Chief Jason Soto said.
The unidentified officer is on paid administrative leave, a routine procedure for an officer-involved shooting, according to a Reno police spokesperson.
The student was taken to Renown Regional Medical Center where they are in critical condition, according to reports. The student's father, Justin Clark, said their son Logan was the student shot, the Gazette-Journal reported.
"Once the threat was stopped, the officer immediately began to provide medical aid to the student until emergency medical assistance arrived," Chief Soto said, according to AP.
Videos of the incident show the student waving a knife as other students audibly react with fear, shock, and amusement while school officials can be heard urging students to clear the area.
Shouts out to Mr. Bodine for being the first one trying to stop it, risking their safety👏🏼 pic.twitter.com/vlZKbYPGCT — Richeezy (@RickiSantos_) December 8, 2016
Reno police said an investigation is underway as to how the altercation developed. Hug High School students told the Gazette-Journal that the incident began around lunch time when a group of students gathered around two other students who were on the verge of fighting. One student then pulled a knife and began swinging at the other student.
"The other kid tried to avoid it," said Jiselle Mandugano, 17. "I didn't see them get shot. I just saw them fall to the floor."
The Gazette-Journal reported that at around noon, roughly thirty minutes after the shooting, the school district emailed parents about "an incident on campus" that led to the lockdown.
"The campus is currently stable and secure with a heavy police presence at the school," the email said.
The school remained on lockdown until mid-afternoon. At about 2pm local time, students were released to parents who had gathered outside the school.
Hug High School students who walk released last, families will be contacted individually with details. Families: please don't come to school — Washoe Schools (@WCSDTweet) December 7, 2016
One parent outside the school said their son is friends with the student who was shot, saying the boy had been "bullied for days," according to the Gazette-Journal.
"He is my son's best friend. He's a victim and he's only 15 years old," said Demick Laflamme. They added that the boy "is over at my house almost every day," and that "he's a good kid."
"The kids take bullying into their own hands, and they were shot for it," Laflamme said.
Laflamme said that they saw the videos online of the shooting and worried for the students' safety.
"How could they shoot a kid in front of a bunch of other kids?" they asked. "My kid was right there. They could've been hurt. My son tried to go help (his friend) and the police told them to back off."
“The prohibition for slaughter of cow (sic) and its progeny, which would include bull, bullocks etc, should be included in fundamental rights or as a constitutional mandate anywhere else, as an article of constitution. It should not be kept only in the directive principles or/fundamental duties as neither of these are enforceable by the courts. The amendment of the constitution should also be made for empowering the parliament to make a central law for the prohibition of slaughter of cow and its progeny and further for prohibition of their transport from one state to another. The parliament should then make a central law, applicable to all states, prohibiting slaughter of cow and its progeny. Violation of the law should be made a non-bailable and cognizable offence.”
This demand to amend the constitution to ban cow slaughter, prohibit transport of cows across states, and to make it applicable to all states and ensure it is a non-bailable offence was not made by fundamentalist Hindu groups but by a government commission, the findings of which were quoted by a seven-judge bench of the supreme court of India in 2005. The judgment, otherwise notable for declaring cow dung more valuable than the “Kohinoor diamond,” offers some clues to the emergence of terrorism in the name of the holy cow.
Make no mistake, the killing of Pehlu Khan, a 55-year-old Muslim dairy farmer in Alwar, Rajasthan, earlier this week, is now part of a pattern that appears to fit this description of terrorism (cobbled together from various explanations): The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, designed to induce terror and psychic fear for political or religious purposes.
Gautankwad: Terror in the name of cow
Someone on social media, that simultaneous repository of truth and lies, called this emerging strain of terrorism Gautankwad: Terrorism in the name of the the holy cow, derived from aatankwad, the Hindi word for terrorism. Gautankwad is more dangerous than the conventional variety of terrorism because it is either condoned or supported by the state. This support may not be material, but it is systemic and systematic, and it is subverting the institutions meant to act against such terrorism.
When Mohammed Akhlaq was lynched in Dadri in 2015, following rumours and allegations that they had consumed beef, or when Majloom Ansari and Imtiaz Khan were hung from a tree in 2016 in Jharkhand for ferrying cattle, the state said these were “isolated incidents,” a term beloved of Indians to either justify what should never be justified or simply to ignore inconvenient facts (it is the same term used by Delhi to describe the racism and violence against Africans). As this timeline indicates, Gautankwad is no longer about “isolated incidents.” Official justifications grow not just about the deification of the cow but the violent Hindutva culture coalescing around the unfortunate animal (otherwise left to eat garbage and plastic, and live and die on India's streets and cow shelters—in Kanpur, 152 cows died in five months).
The Rajasthan home minister said there were faults on “both sides,” as their police proceeded with cases against the murdered farmer and their brutalised sons by these non-state actors. Their chief minister condoled the victims of a terrorist attack in Stockholm, but could not bring themselves to say anything about the man lynched by Gautanwadis in their state.
India's minister for minority affairs, a Muslim, denied that the Alwar attack even happened.
India's minister for urban affairs, a meat-eating man from a state where almost everyone eats meat, said they avoid food banned by the constitution—implying beef. But of course the country's founding document has no such bans (not yet at least).
Normalising the cult of the cow
In the US, they talk and struggle against what they call “normalisation,” the process of accepting hate and falsehoods to push populist and majoritarian agendas. But the American normalisation faces great resistance from society, media, and institutions. In India, normalisation is proceeding with much greater speed and vastly less resistance.
The police routinely file cases against victims of Gautankwad instead of the criminals—or terrorists—who perpetrate the atrocities. This week in Maharashtra, members of the Bajrang Dal accompanied the police in beef-locating raids on illegal slaughterhouses. Gau rakshak dals, or cow protection forces, spread across the cow-belt states of the vast Hindi-speaking north India form the core of Gautankwad. They train with weapons for judgement day (essentially, a time when they will get a free hand to attack Muslims) and ally with the local police when they can.
Vast swathes of the society, including national institutions, have already accepted such normalisation and official resources are poured into augmenting the cult of the cow.
The Cow Protection Police Task Force in Haryana is headed by an officer of the Indian Police Service. Last year, that officer, Bharti Arora, said the “smuggling of cattle or cows is a crime of the highest order.” In Rajasthan, before the lynching of Pehlu Khan, the police proceeded against a hotel that was attacked by Gautankwadis who alleged that it served beef. No such evidence was found, but the police filed cases anyway and municipal officials shut it down. In the latest case, Alwar's dead dairy farmer is being investigated for transporting cattle without a permit from the district collector. That such alleged violations are somehow even offered as justification for murder indicates the advent of anarchy. That such details become a topic of national discussion and dissection indicates how the normalisation of hate has progressed.
So, no one in government had a problem with the union minister for—well, culture—Mahesh Sharma showing up to pay tribute to the man accused of killing Akhlaq, the alleged murderer's body kept in a Tricolour-draped coffin. A man accused of murder was thus normalised into a Hindu martyr, supposedly reflecting Hindu sentiments.
It is Hindu sentiments that now provide the overarching justification for every violation of the law by those who profess to love the cow. Gautankwad is that sentiment's sword arm. The demolition of Babri Masjid in 1992 was clearly a criminal act, the result of a breakdown in law & order. Today, even the chief justice of India implies the building of a Ram temple at the spot is a matter of faith and calls for a “negotiated settlement.” How do you negotiate criminality? And how do you negotiate when one party to the settlement runs the state and brandishes its non-state sword arm?
If India sets down this path—indeed, it has made long forays in that direction—the normalisation of India's non-state actors will not be difficult. It will be alright to beat, lynch, and kill first, justify later—without logic or rationale, as in the way of all terrorism—knowing that India's political and judicial institutions and media will back you up, although the Alwar killing has come as a jolt even to many who, in theory at least, support the primacy of the cow.
And, so, those who murder can get away, but those even suspected, however wrongly, of “trafficking,” harming or eating a cow—particularly if they have Muslim names—can be locked up, in the case of Gujarat now, for life.
Normalisation does not happen by chance. Organised or organic, there is a design. The Bharatiya Janata Party chief minister of Chhattisgarh said they will hang anyone who harms a cow. The BJP chief minister of Gujarat was more grandiloquent. “Protection of cows,” they declared, “is the single-most important principle towards saving the whole world from both moral and spiritual degradation.”
None of these declarations are isolated incidents. They are the result of a gradual escalation and hardening of Hindutva, Hindu majoritarian rhetoric, and the growing freedom allowed by the state to the non-state actors of Gautankwad. To be sure, the demand to ban cow-slaughter dates back to before independence, and most BJP-ruled states were gifted their cow-slaughter laws by Congress governments. But many of these laws were loosely enforced, partly because it suited the Congress' style of convenient secularism and partly because of a recognition that such laws were bad in practice.
A secular state cannot simply cave in to majoritarian demands. History and the modern fate of nations that are succumbing to such instincts—Pakistan, Turkey, Israel, Iran, parts of Europe, and many Arab countries that were once secular—indicates a loss of not just founding ideals but a subversion of institutions and a loss of the rule of law.
In double-quick time, it becomes normal to hate, kill, or terrorise in the name of god. On the other side of normalisation lies anarchy, and that is what India is on the verge of normalising.
This post first appeared on Scroll.in. We welcome your comments at ideas.india@qz.com.
The sky is falling.
This chart was recently picked up and published by Business Insider, Daring Fireball and various other places, often with melodramatic titles such as “The death of the music industry”.
There are some major problems with this graph:
1) The numbers are not adjusted for inflation. This is a very basic tenant of graphing visual data. One must account for inflation when graphing monetary amounts over years. Otherwise the results are simply irrelevant. Tufte would not be happy.
2) These are stats from the RIAA. America only. The chart is for some reason labeled “Global.” In 2009, the ifpi (worldwide riaa) reports sales of 15.8 billion dollars.
3) The type of graph specifically masks and trivializes the growth of digital, enhancing the sob story. The ifpi says that between 2004-2009 digital sales are up 940%. (Ok, ok, that's kind of cheating because pre-2004 there were virtually no digital sales, but hey, the point is digital has been growing quickly).
I needed to investigate. I said 10 hail marys, voluntarily paid the RIAA $25 (gasp!) to access their data, and dove in.
Here's the actual situation, properly adjusted for inflation, and using a normal line chart instead of a complicated stacked area chart.
Yup, the industry is certainly losing money compared with 10 years ago. But armed with accurate data, another way we can describe the size of the recording industry is “pre-CD.” We can also reasonably say that each format grows and then dies out. Digital is certainly on a very quick rise.
Let's zoom in and take a closer look at how formats have been adopted. Let's look at the first 6 years of data for each format. Adjusted for inflation, of course:
The first few years of digital saw much quicker adoption than CD, and both blew away the lazy adoption of cassette. Digital sales appear to be doing fairly well, though 2010 (not show on graph) supposedly only saw 6% growth. There is fear that the growth is leveling off.
My opinion would be (of course) that we're are only really seeing the start of digital innovation. Unlike cassettes or CDs, there are many different kinds of digital formats, many more ways to collect revenue, and a slew of tech companies innovating (on behalf of or in place of the industry itself).
Personally, I find the sob stories from the RIAA just plain insulting, especially as the blame lands on piracy instead of their own failures to kickstart digital distribution. As can be plainly seen, digital music was not really being sold by major labels until 2004. This is very very late to the game. This is 3 years after napster shut down.
Also, chew on this: How would that sales chart look if major labels didn't bother distributing on CD format until years and years after consumers were demanding it?
And since we apparently all love melodrama, here's my childish version of the original misguided chart.
EDIT: Wow, Michael DeGusta had almost the exact same critique of the chart and beat me to publishing. They provided many more pretty and accurate visualizations in their followup article on Business Insider. The REAL Death Of The Music Industry
A lot of people have ways to get out of paying a restaurant bill. Some put hair or other foreign matter into their dishes, while others just run out of the place after eating. However, this might have been the first time that people have claimed diplomatic dinning immunity to save a few bucks. And it worked.
The incident occurred at a beef noodle restaurant in Taipei, Taiwan. The restaurant wishes to remain anonymous but is believed to be a relatively popular place. A few days ago a married South Korean couple on a trip walked into the restaurant.
In addition to the beef noodles, they requested five cold side dishes, including pickled foods, totaling 320 Taiwanese Dollars (US$10). However, when the bill arrived they refused to pay for the 5 side dishes, claiming: “In South Korea cold side dishes are free, so we don't have to pay for this.”
According to the manager: “They were pretty angry, saying things like ‘What the hell, I won't pay for this!'” As the manager tried to explain how society works to the couple, they simply repeated “Why!? Why!?” in English over and over again. Feeling totally unable to get through to the two, the manager gave up and the couple left without paying for the 5 side dishes.
This altercation came to light after other customers who witnessed it wrote about it on the internet. This is one of the ballsier ways to duck a bill I've heard of, and I'm choosing to believe they're scamming because the other possibilities would lower my faith in humanity.
Although pickled foods like kimchi are often complimentary in South Korea, it's a little hard to join this pair along their line of logic that everywhere these dishes should also be free. Sure there can be unexpected disappointments when we go to other countries but usually we just chalk it up to “live and learn,” pay the bill and go on our way.
The other possibility would be that the couple were paranoid from hearing stories about tourists getting overcharged by restaurants and taxis in foreign countries and mistakenly felt they were being victimized at the time.
Whatever it was that actually happened on that fateful day, the restaurant manager has decided to add a message in Korean reading “charges are applied for cold side dishes.”
I'm contemplating saying that in my home country I don't pay for steaks the next time I go to a foreign restaurant. Then when they try to speak I'll just yell “Why!? Why!?” in the staff's face. Seems like a solid plan.
Source: ET Today (Chinese)
▼ Taiwanese news' dramatic reenactment using characters from The Sims
▼ Among the cold dishes the couple requested, some contained meat
[ Read in Japanese ]
At that [rehearsal], Tom saw that the production designer had put a giant lobster tank in the center of the restaurant and that was just a true design choice just to make it seem like a fancy restaurant. As soon as Tom sees it, they go, ‘Well, I'm going to go in the tank.'
Even if you're Tom Hardy, you don't just jump in a lobster tank and call it day. “The designer was like, ‘We didn't build it for somebody to go in!'” Fleischer says. “And, you know, they were all live lobsters.”
Then improvised direction required the rejiggering of major elements to allow for Eddie/Venom to plunge into and feast, and for Hardy to do it all safely. As anyone who witnessed the The Mask-like spectacle, they pulled off the construction and stunt work under the wire. And the lobsters gobbled up by a Venomized Eddie? Marshmallow crustaceans with chocolate syrup blood.
About
POINT CARD APP IS OUT: We will give you credit on our rewards punch card for your purchases when we fund. Go to the app store or googlePlay and get FLOK. Sign up with email and find BCS Zoigl.
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS: Rewards for Christmas will be a nifty spiffy glossy certificate of your reward mailed to you before St.Nick comes if you want to make it a stocking stuffer. Promise!
TAILGATERS - Get a learners permit, come by and brew, and when you come back for a home game in a month come pick up your keg of bragging rights for your next tailgate. Awesome!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Thanks for checking us out. Whether you want to learn to brew (Learner's Permit), just brew (Brewer's Card), or just enjoy the craft beers made by our community members (Imbiber, we have a spot for you (All discussed at the end). If you are not close enough to come by, we have some great gear. And remember, if we don't fully fund your credit card will NOT be charged, so read on . . . .
Branding Logo
We are putting together something very unique and, quite frankly, just damned fun. There are only 5 towns in the world operating under the brewery concept we are now setting down in Texas, all of them in a small region in Eastern Bavaria. This is the first Zoiglbrewery anywhere outside of Germany. (Zoigl.de)
The January 2015 issue of the New Brewer expects craft brewing to own 20% of the market by 2020. However, the Brazos Valley in Texas is currently under-served by breweries and brewpubs compared to many other University locations and we have created an awesome brewing destination in old town Bryan, TX . So . . . now what? Now we need you to come play.
You may have seen brewery cooperatives but a Zoiglbrewery is more than that. Instead of you just being a member, you can join the club of brewers sharing the brewery. We have a place to learn, a place to just have fun. We are bringing the home brewers out of the backyard providing an outlet to ‘step it up a notch' - or teach you how to do so.
Game on?
A Zoiglbrewery (Zoiglbraurei) is a concept in brewing and distribution found only in a region in Eastern Bavaria close to the Czech Republic The brewers cook the wort at the brewery and then take it home for fermentation - the brewery can be used 365 days a year.
The name Zoigl is a Bavarian word derived from the German word "Zeigen" meaning sign.The brewer hangs the Zoigl when their or their beer is ready as an invitation to the neighbors to come over and have a few. The town becomes a revolving pub of sorts and a treasure hunt begins to find the next Zoigl, and the next fresh Zoiglbeer.
So we started polling our friends and the concept quickly went beyond our narrow scope of our tap room. Many were excited about the prospects of a shared pub where artisan brewers could collaborate with minimal investment to test out new and exotic beer styles. Others were enthusiastic about being able to learn to brew. The Zoiglbraurei of Bavaria just became the Zoiglbrewery of Texas. .
The Bryan College Station Zoiglbrewery will honor the ability that craft beer has to bring people and the community together by providing a shared environment of brewing to anyone that wants to join. We have a tap room for artisan brewers, homebrewers and craft beer drinkers all to come and share a combined brewing experience. We will operate as a “beer incubator” developing new brewers and brews. With brewing becoming much more accessible in our area, participation drives sales and sales drive participation. It's awesome.
We are now expanding to develop and operate a production brewhouse shared by the twin-cities of Bryan/College Station, Texas which will engage local retailers and the entire community as well as support rejuvenation efforts. For this campaign, we are building out the garden between buildings to accommodate more people, then we expand equipment next door. We will use this garden to support community events and projects, from music to skill-sharing events to the establishment of more community beer gardens.
Our goals are the following:
Growing club involvement to over 1,000 participants,
Develop and foster a craft beer community using sustainable practices while networking and supporting local business to inspire a nurturing environment for everything local,
Educational classes on beer and home brewing,
Events and fundraisers to support our local community,
Establish a full scale brewery capable of national distribution of its beers while opening other community-based Zoigl brewpubs across the country..
One Brewery For All !
Now is the part where you come in. The Zoiglbrewery concept is about sharing and involvement. You are the key and we couldn't do it without a community. We have a taproom opening in the first quarter of 2016 but frankly this concept is taking off very fast and expansion is mandated before we have had a chance to turn around and come up for air. We have set our goal as a manageable end-point, but have many things that we want to do so we have a lot of stretch goals. We have a building next door that can handle a 20 barrel brewery and we intend to fill it up one piece at a time. We will definitely utilize whatever funding we raise so join us with an Imbiber's Card, a Learner's Permit - or be a full blown brewer with a Brewer's Card.
Expand club and Member involvement, and
Build out the Beer Garden $15,000.
Our patrons will primarily use our small tap room for the time being but we will move out to the beer garden once built. If we raise enough in our stretch campaign we will put tables and chairs in the expansion and spiff it up a bit to make it all homey-ish-like. Here's our stretch wish list:
Buy lots of fermenters for member brewers $7,000,
Add a grain storage silo $8,500,
Bottling line to get product out $12,500,
Spiff up the new building to accommodate indoor seating $15,500,
Expand kettle equipment $25,000,
Anything additional goes into the building and expansion of production.
We have a tap room in downtown Bryan, Texas and are just waiting on the brewer's permit to go through. At this point it looks like we should be up and running as the Spring semester gets kicked off - or just a little after. We can't wait to share it with you! And in the meantime we are working on the expansion next door and the beer garden. Thanks so much for checking out our campaign.
How to Play
The Imbiber: As an Imbiber you are not a company member and cannot brew to sell, but you are just as special to us. So special, in fact, that you are an Elite Patron and will be treated as such. The Imbiber get's you into our wholesale club FOR LIFE and you can purchase anything we have at a 15% discount. We also include a "Loyalty Rewards" point card. Just like a coffee club you get points for everything you spend. You will also get 'special treatment' on your birthday and other nights and be included in all of our private events..
The Learner's Permit: With the Learner's Permit we show you how it's done, from the grain mash to the bottle. No extract kits allowed in our playground. You will come in and brew a 5 gallon batch and get it fermenting. You can come by any time you like to see how it's going, but your presence will be required a few weeks later as the stuff is not going to bottle itself. Then, you are also required to go enjoy it with friends.
The Brewer:This is where you do it for yourself - a half barrel at a time. We will help out, of course. We have a nice shiny Blichmann 1/2 barrel BrewEasy for you to help break in. Pick a recipe, pick a style and we will get to organizing. We have a fermenter with your name on it. We will provide supervision, but if you have not really brewed before you'd better go for the Learner's Permit first.
Other Ways You Can Help
We know that not everyone can help out monetarily and that's okay! You can high-five us in other ways:
Make some noise and share this campaign page with your friends and neighbors.
Shout us out on social media. The more people we can reach, the greater chance we have of reaching our goal.
We can always use a helping hand at the space with our future renovations. We will have cold beer!
Send words of wisdom and any questions.
Drink local beer and send us some good vibes ( Highly recommended )
) Visit us once we are open! We will be happy to share a drink with you or just sit and chat.
Jordan Lewis is expected to complete a move to Melbourne on Monday
• Tune in to Trade Talk for LIVE trade coverage every weekday
• Check out every confirmed move on the Trade Tracker
WEEK two of the NAB AFL Trade Period kicks off on Monday and yet another Hawthorn champion is set to depart the club.
Just days after Sam Mitchell was traded to West Coast, Jordan Lewis is expected to be on their way out. That pair finished first and second in the Hawks' best and fairest this year.
Meanwhile, deals for Jaeger O'Meara, Dion Prestia and Bryce Gibbs are yet to be finalised. Paperwork can be lodged again from 9am on Monday until the end of trade period at 2pm on Thursday.
Until then, AFL.com.au's Trade Winds will wrap up all of the latest action every morning.
Lewis to the Demons
Star Hawk Jordan Lewis could become a Melbourne player as soon as Monday after quashing a possible move to Gold Coast, reports the Herald Sun.
This is despite the Hawks' earlier confidence that Lewis would stay.
A trade to play under Rodney Eade would have potentially satisfied the Suns' requirement for a senior player in return for injury-prone young gun Jaeger O'Meara.
Gold Coast was reportedly willing to pay Lewis more than what the Demons had planned.
The Hawks could use the assistance of Brisbane Lions to facilitate that trade, by giving up Billy Hartung and Brendan Whitecross for the Lions' No.21 selection. Hawthorn could then on-trade that pick, along with No.10, for O'Meara.
The Age reports the Lions have also sought the possibility of receiving Jono O'Rourke, who has been with the Hawks for two years after being traded by Greater Wester Sydney.
The Lions recently appointed former Hawthorn football manager Chris Fagan as their senior coach.
Lewis, 30, has a three-year offer on the table from the Demons and remains contracted to Hawthorn until the end of 2017.
Adelaide pursues bid for Gibbs
Rory Atkins was the latest player rejected by Carlton in the Crows' bid to arrange a swap for Bryce Gibbs, according to a report in The Age.
Adelaide would have given up Atkins, 22, along with pick No.13 in this year's NAB AFL Draft, however the Blues want a player the calibre of Charlie Cameron, Mitch McGovern or Brad Crouch.
Gibbs is contracted until the end of 2019 and the Blues are not willing to talk to the Crows, but will negotiate only through Gibbs' manager Nigel Carmody, says The Advertiser.
The newspaper says Adelaide hasn't considered recruiting either of Lions pair Tom Rockliff or Pearce Hanley as a fall-back option.
Gibbs holding up Marchbank
Carlton's negotiations in the Gibbs deal are holding up their potential acquisition of Greater Western Sydney defender Caleb Marchbank, reports The Age.
Carlton also want Jarrod Pickett from the Giants, who has expressed a desire to become a Blue.
James Stewart could also be involved in a package deal to the Blues.
A trade for Tuohy
Irishman Zach Tuohy remains set on joining Geelong, with a trade involving Darcy Lang on the cards, says a report in the Herald Sun.
That swap could also involve a future draft pick.
However, The Age says Lang is unwilling to move to the Blues.
Deledio to stay a Tiger
Richmond's Brett Deledio is likely to stay at Punt Road, according to the Herald Sun.
Deledio, 29, was interested moving to Geelong but a bulging salary cap and a lack of a suitable trade option has held that up. The Cats were not willing to give up midfielder Josh Caddy, in whom the Tigers had expressed interest.
The Age reports that if the Cats were to give up Caddy, they would want a second-round pick plus Deledio.
The Tiger will be an unrestricted free agent at the end of 2017.
In other news:
Shootmania Storm is out today. I think it's a fantastic game; a competitive twitch shooter set in an overloaded neon castle. It's unusually player-friendly in these modern times: it's got a fully fledged and easy to use level editor, it doesn't shove microtransactions down your throat, and it has a rare degree of connectivity, allowing you to compete in leagues and league tables against competitors across the world.
But it's also unusually precise, a game designed with a fine scalpel. There are no needless mechanics in Shootmania Storm; there's no fat or waste. There's no crouch button. Weapons auto-swap when you run over them. There are only a handful of weapons. There's no experience points or prestiging. It's a beautiful, brilliant design.
It's not the first time that Nadeo, the studio behind it, have smashed a game out of the park. Their first game(s) were the Trackmania series; dinky little racing games with wonderfully open level editors and near perfect car handling.
Shootmania's insane focus, says Florent Castlnerac, Nadeo's philisophical ‘leader', grew out from a simple refrain. “Something is perfect not when you can add something else, but when you cannot remove something else. I don't think we're making something perfect at all, but I think…” Florent's English is excellent, but it's clear that it's easier to express the ideals in their native French.
“In Trackmania, we could have added gear shifts. In Shootmania, we could have had weapon changing. It's not a problem to add these things in. But they're just… additions?”
They continue. “It's not an approach to simplify. We're not trying to make things pure. It's more that we don't want to add useless stuff. We have four arrow keys to move. And I've never found something worth adding to any other keys.”
They explain that throughout development the team continually tested more functions. A key to crouch, and hide your movement sounds. A key to jump. “I say, ‘yes. But that's a key. The other key can make you move forward. What can compare to this?'”
That's not to say that Florent is opposed to complicated games. “One of my most played games was Mechwarrior 2. I have a joystick with 43 buttons. And I love adding stuff. But there's no right way to play or make games. It's just our way to focus on basics.”
Nadeo are in an interesting position. Trackmania's success and Ubisoft's confidence in the studio has given them the flexibility and authority to be creative, and not necessarily bow to the prevailing business winds. Shootmania doesn't include any microtransactions or DLC and hasn't been published on Ubisoft's uPlay platform. Instead, it's tied into a global ManiaPlanet client, where players can move freely between versions of Trackmania and Shootmania. “I want to make it simple. If you take League of Legends, people are ready to buy new champions, so they sell new champions. Buying a champion is simple. I don't find it simple enough to say “I will buy a chapter of this game. It's more efficient just to be pure, to sell the complete game. We have one car, one Shootman, and we don't have content for sale.”
That doesn't mean that Florent didn't consider any microtransactions or free-to-play models. “I looked at it more than Ubisoft asked for it, because I know they will like it. I am thinking, thinking, thinking and after a year of thinking I say ‘No, I don't find any idea for this'.” They have kind words for Ubisoft as a publisher: I ask if they think that Ubisoft get an unfair beating from PC gamers. “I would not say ‘unfair'. There are parts of the company that are doing PC very well. They are making exclusive titles like Heroes, Dust, Trackmania, Anno. They care for the PC much more than what people can think from the outside. But they have made mistakes. But Ubisoft is a big company.”
What's fascinating about Florent is their quiet ambition. He's not cocky: just gifted with a sense of clarity. As we talk, they explain that they quietly think Trackmania might be one of the most popular racing games in the world. “On PC at least. I don't know. Maybe.” Then they laugh. “On the FPS the ambition of the studio is exactly that. To make the most popular shooter in the world.”
What?
“I don't think that we'll succeed. That would be crazy. But really, it's simple. If I can understand why we are not the most popular, then we will work in order to become the most popular. It's just about asking the question. ‘If another FPS becomes more popular because they have something great, then we have to make make that, too.'”
Key to getting there is the level editor and Shootmania's openness to user-generated content. “For me,” says Florent, “the UGC stuff is the new dimension.” They move into metaphor. “If you compare a 2D shooter to a 3D shooter, the 3D shooter will be more popular. If you compare a 3D shooter with a 3D shooter with online multiplayer, it's the online multiplayer that will be more popular. And then you have creation by players.”
“By opening up to players,” says Florent, “I don't see how it can prevent the game from being that popular.”
But there's a problem, I point out. Shootmania isn't anywhere near perfect. Great, but flawed. The menu systems are odd and bizarrely under-engineered compared to the rest of the game. The movement speed isn't quite right. But most of all, while I love playing Shootmania, I only rarely load it up. It's missing the stickiness that its competitors have: games like Team Fortress 2, Call of Duty, and Quake. It's not just enough to create a great game. You have to create a game that you want to play more than everything else you have to play at the time.
Florent agrees.
“I asked a friend to play WarZ and Shootmania. They said Shootmania was perfect, it's fluid, it's fun. Every second in the game is great. When they play WarZ they says ‘it's just shit.' Nothing is working. I play for an hour and somebody shoots me and I have nothing. I have died 13 times. It's horrible.' After a week, they were just launching WarZ. Not Shootmania. There's a desire to play that's different from quality of the experience.”
It's not like Nadeo haven't prototyped a stickier type of game structure. “We made an experiment two years ago. It was Royal XP: you play Royal (Shootmania's King of the Hill style game mode), but each time you win some points, you get experience points. You also have a character sheet: you can improve the number of rockets you have, the number of ammo, your stamina. People get addicted to it. We had people staying online all night to exploit it to get more experience points.”
That experiment has Florent thinking of a more permanent mode. “We decided that every time you reach the maximum level you get one permanent XP point.” The results were astonishing. “The two types of games should have the same speed of ladder progression. Yet, in one month, the players in Royal XP reached the end of the ladder. They play and play and play. They get really addicted.”
Which brings us, neatly, to Nadeo's next major project. QuestMania is an RPG built to the same standards and structure of Shoot and Trackmania. User created dungeons combined with slick, simple controls. It was inspired, in part, by a chance encounter on an aeroplane. “When I went to China,” says Florent, “a guy on the plane drew me a map of their RPG quest, and they were like, ‘Oh, this is the Ice King in the clouds…'. When I arrived in China I found that I just couldn't stop thinking about it. I realised I had to start building QuestMania for real. That was in 2006.”
It's an ambitious project, and you can sense a little bit of intimidation from Florent. “We are capable, I hope. It's cool to have ambition. For us, we look at it in two ways. To make the shooter, we are skilled at making games for the body. For the RPG, we are making a game for the mind.”
Statement from the captain
-Juan "Vortix" Moreno Durán
Statement from the players
-Christoph "Cris" Gowitzke
-Raoul "GerdamHerd" Saurbier
Connect
Liquid`Cris
Liquid`GerdamHerd
In esports, individual skill attributes to a lot of success but on a team of 5 players, attitude and personality play a much bigger factor. That's where Christoph "Cris" Gowitzke and Raoul "GerdamHerd" Saurbier come in. After their 1st place win at the Fragbite Masters, we knew these two had something special--they clicked with the team, and things just worked. Now, Liquid Heroes is complete once again.After one month of trying out people and trying to figure out what would be the best for our team, I'm very glad to finally be able to start working with Cris and GerdamHerd under the Team Liquid flag. After playing together for a few days I realized we have the right communication, the same work ethic and the same ambition, and so I think they are the perfect additions to the team.While the previous team was feared by everyone and we were on the top for a long while, things did not always work. I think at the very end it was unavoidable to make changes, but I wish my old teammates good luck and hope to see them at the top with other teams as well. For the new team, I hope that we'll be able to make Team Liquid the best team in Europe, and why not, the best team in the world. I honestly think we have the right tools and the right attitude, and we are all going to work really hard to make it true.I was really excited when Team Liquid approached me, since this is a really big opportunity for me. Our first practice games went really well and everyone sounded really motivated and excited about the future. I'm really glad to be a part of this new lineup for Team Liquid.Given the fact that Team Liquid dominated the European scene for nearly an entire year, I was excited when Luci and VortiX first told me about their plans to rebuild the team. In our first games I was happy to see everyone working as hard as possible and maintaining the right mindset even under high pressure. If we continue like that the best is yet to come.
Members of the ultra-right National Front have led dozens of protesters in a march against the Greek government's plans to build the first state-funded mosque in Athens, the capital.
The government has budgeted about one million euros ($1.3m) to build the mosque at a reduced price because of the country's economic crisis, which has delayed the process. However, construction was expected to begin next year.
The protesters, including a woman dressed in nun's clothing, waved Greek flags at the rally on Sunday as they shouted: "We don't want sharia, we want Greece and Orthodoxy" and "No to mosques, give money to the schools."
Emmanouil Konstas, the National Front general secretary, said that plans to build the religious centre were unacceptable and that the government should refrain from catering to the religious needs of immigrants while the country faced an economic crisis.
"It is unacceptable in every way," Konstas said.
"The religious needs of hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants shouldn't be a matter of concern for the government; they should be deported since they came here illegally. And for the rest who are here legally, there are enough places for them to pray,” Konstas said.
"Also, during this harsh economic crisis, it is unacceptable for so much money to be spent on the building of a mosque."
Athens is the only European Union capital without an official Islamic mosque or cemetery.
Local residents who had joined the demonstration said that they were scared of Muslims coming into their working-class neighbourhood.
Immigrants blamed
Some Athens citizens have blamed immigrants they say have entered the Mediterranean nation illegally for crime in their neighbourhoods.
"I am scared because many things have happened here in the area with the Muslims and secondly, why are they building it here and not in the rich neighbourhoods of Athens? Where they think we are racists and they are okay," said 45-year-old Smaragda Taladianou, who has lived at the neighbourhood all their life and attended the protest.
"They can build it but we will tear it down," said another local resident, 49-year-old Chrysoula.
The only mosque in Greece exists in the northern border town of Thrace, near Turkey, where another Muslim community of about 100,000 live.
More than 100 makeshift mosques are found in basements around the greater Athens region.
Without an official mosque for the Muslim population prayer must be held in these spaces or in sports stadiums during holidays.
So you think you know what a red giant star looks like? Think again. For this is how Betelgeuse, a star that may be on the verge of exploding as a supernova, might really appear close-up to the human eye.
The serene crimson ball seen in so many artists' impressions is replaced by a violently churning mass, according to a video shown at the three-yearly gathering of the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in Beijing today. See the video itself below.
French astronomer Pierre Kervella, of the Observatoire de Paris, showed the movie made by colleague Dr. Bernd Freytag of the Centre de Recherche Astronomique de Lyon. It is a high-speed portrayal of the bubbling behaviour of Betelgeuse over seven and a half years. The boiling surface of the star, which lies 495 light-years away from Earth, shows irregular hot and cool areas which change their intensity and shape over the months.
Betelgeuse is one of the brightest stars in the sky to the unaided eye, marking the armpit in Orion, and has long been known to vary in its brightness. Amateur astronomy groups around the world have recorded its changing brightness over many decades.
It is also one of the biggest and most luminous stars known, being nearly 1,000 times larger than the Sun and shining more than 100,000 times more brightly.
Betelgeuse is so big that if placed at the centre of our own Solar System it would fill a space as far out as giant planet Jupiter! But it is only a few million years old, much younger than our four billion-year-old Sun, and is set to blow itself apart any time in the near cosmic future in an explosion that would make it visible in broad daylight.
The French astronomers created this computer model of Betelgeuse to match observations made using some of the most powerful telescopes which can observe in very high resolution, including the Very Large Array in New Mexico or the Hubble Space Telescope (HST).
Astronomers from the Observatoire de Paris, led by Xavier Haubois, have previously used interferometry to combine telescope observations in the infrared and obtain an image of Betelgeuse showing bright “starspots” on its surface.
The star is so large that it is one of the few in the sky that can be seen as a disk using the HST. But in 2009, astronomers reported that Betelgeuse had actually shrunk by 15 per cent since they began checking its size in 1993. Also in 2009, Pierre Kevalla led a team using the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope (VLT) to detect a huge plume blowing off the surface of Betelgeuse.
Save Meera Reed!
by: The Internet
recipient: George RR Martin & HBO
The problem: Throughout much of the casting for the second season of Game of Thrones, set, presumably, at the beginning of A Clash of Kings, we have seen a flood of leaked castings-- mumbles and rumors to confirmed sources. One missing duo that has not gone unnoticed by the A Song of Ice and Fire fans is Meera Reed and their brother, Jojen, crannogmen, frog hunters, friends and protectors of Bran Stark.
To any fan of the series, Meera's story, intertwined with those of Jojen, Hodor, Osha, Rickon, and Bran, is an important one. It would be too much of an injustice to have Osha take over the part, as has been milling about the internet. What of Jojen's greendreams? What of the three-eyed crow and the journey beyond the Wall? And if Osha were to take over Bran's counterparts, what happens to Rickon's story? No, without terribly complicating an already complicated (yet artfully so) story, at the very least, we need a Meera to take over the parts of both the Reeds.
What we know of Meera: At sixteen years old, Meera Reed is the oldest of Howland Reed's children, the elder sister of Jojen Reed.  They are short, slim, flat-chested, and tomboyish, with brown hair and green eyes.  They are brave and offers an alternative to what Jojen poses as truths.  They are a decent hunter, fast, quiet, and agile, feeding the group as they move north from Winterfell.
Why we need Meera: Meera provides assistance to those around them when they can, and plays an important part in Bran's chapters from A Clash of Kings to A Dance with Dragons (and beyond). They and Jojen have sworn to serve their prince, Bran Stark, and if it weren't for them, the youngest of the Stark children would long be dead. For Bran's story to continue, we need at least one of the Reeds. It is true that their roles could be consolidated into one, but not eliminated altogether.
Proposed solution: I am petitioning the internet for support to essentially beg George RR Martin and HBO for the chance to save the Reeds and their story. I am asking to play the part of Meera Reed in the television series Game of Thrones-- for free. I won't seek payment for my portrayal, only the opportunity to have the honor of playing a strongly-written female character who is essential to the story.
If we want to save Meera and Jojen, the internet-dwelling ASoIaF fans must seek to do it themselves-- Afterall, Robert Baratheon did not win the iron throne by sitting on their thumbs (though perhaps this is how Renley Baratheon failed to win the throne in their stead).
About me: My name is Alexi Paraskos. Physically, I am 22 years old, 5'2" and small-framed, with a nearly flat chest. I am a fan of all things fantasy and sci fi, a lover of stories, and an American situated within the bounds of the United Kingdom. I have a bit of acting experience, and even more fantasy roleplaying experience. If I were from Westeros, I'd dutifully serve houses Stark or Tully.
Why I should play Meera: Aside from the striking resemblance to fan renditions of the young Reed? Why not? Who else will do it for free, and with such enthusiasm? This is something I want more than anything, as a fan: for Meera's story to survive, and to be a part of it.
Please sign the petition if you support saving the Reeds, or if you'd just like to see me playing Meera on the screen.
read petition letter ▾ We the undersigned support Alexi Paraskos' petition to be given the role of Meera Reed, in order to save character. Thank you for taking the time to read this petition and the comments of the undersigned.
Seriously, Paulson and the Treasury department are asking Obama for the rest of the TARP money, since they know that the Senate won't agree without Obama's ok.
Given how well they've spent the money so far—hiding who much of it is going to, getting lousy collateral in exchange for the money, not convincing banks to actually lend again or reduce interest rates (in fact some, Citi for example, are increasing credit card interest rates) and so on, it's hard to imagine why Obama would be willing to give this crew the money.
Oh I'm sure that they'll tell Obama they'll spend it wisely, and I'm sure they'll threaten them with economic apocalypse if they don't get the cash. But the bottom line is that so far Paulson has used the TARP money as a personal slush fund to bail out their friends and make sure no one important loses their jobs by not tying the money to any real reform or requirements that the people who caused the crisis step down and let actual competent people fill their shoes.
But Obama's no putz, and they won't be taken twice. Fool Obama once, shame on you. Fool them twice, shame on Obama.
So I'm sure Obama will tell them to take a hike.
Right?
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. - A 12 News continuing investigation has triggered an internal affair investigation at the Scottsdale Police Department and three of the top command staff at the city jail have been suspended.
Former Mesa Police Lieutenant Rick Van Galder was pulled over in Gilbert back in February and later pleaded guilty to driving drunk. At the time of their arrest, their blood alcohol level was almost four times the legal limit.
RELATED: How one lieutenant acted like they were above the law
Van Galder resigned from the Mesa Police Department before they could be fired. As far as Judge John Hudson knows, who sentenced the officer to three days in jail, Van Galder did their time.
A Gilbert police officer's body camera captured Lt. Van Galder trying to use their position to get away with the crime. The Gilbert police refused to grant them special treatment, but some of the Scottsdale City Jail staff did.
Van Galder was supposed to serve a three-day sentence on a conviction of Super Extreme DUI, but it turned out to be more of a staycation. Jail surveillance videos obtained by 12 News show them hanging out, shooting the breeze with detention officers, they even went out and bought their lunch. The supposed prisoner even received a personal visitor.
Sign up for the daily Snapshot newsletter Sign up for the daily Snapshot Newsletter Something went wrong. The most interesting and talked-about stories from Arizona and beyond delivered to your inbox weekday afternoons! Thank you for signing up for the Snapshot Newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
All of this happened courtesy of some of the Scottsdale Jail staff, right underneath the nose of Scottsdale Police Chief Alan Rodbell, who says they had no idea their top jail officials gave Van Galder special treatment.
RELATED: Lieutenant retires in lieu of termination after DUI
"Our knee-jerk reaction was there was no way this could be true," Rodbell said.
Van Galder was supposed to spend three days in isolation in Scottsdale, segregated and protected against vengeful inmates because they were a cop.
"The impression we had when we agreed to this arrangement was that they were going to spend confinement for three days in our jail," said Rodbell.
But that's not entirely what happened.
On August 4, Van Galder surrendered to the Scottsdale City Jail. Detention Officer John Gambill used a hand-held metal detector to check them for weapons and contraband.
Detention Sergeant Don Vogel led them to the cell, which Van Galder entered at 5:45 p.m.
Video shows Vogel wake Van Galder up around 7:40 a.m. the next morning. Next in the footage, Van Galder is led through a door that says "No prisoners beyond this point."
"It's a very concerning video because it screams of all kinds of violations of policy and procedure," said Rodbell. "He was taken out of a secure area and taken into the detention managers office, which is outside the secure area."
Lieutenant Jeff Landrum is the detention manager in charge of the jail. There are surveillance cameras outside their office, but they're not recording.
According to Rodbell, Van Galder spent the remainder of their time "in jail" in the lieutenant's office, but they still had some freedom.
Around noon on Friday, Sergeant Kris Keilich brought Van Galder lunch -- fast food. Keep in mind, Van Galder is supposed to be eating jail food.
"I think they paid for it themselves and they went out and bought lunch and brought them back into the detention area and shared lunch with him," said Rodbell.
Video showed that Van Galder exited through door number 10 later in the afternoon, and that's the last sighting of them on the video.
Not only did they seem to have free rein in the facility; they also had a visitor. Their wife Teresa Van Galder, a Mesa Police homicide detective, was able to gain access into the detention manager's office where their husband was staying on at least two occasions.
"His wife got into Lieutenant Landrum's office and even brought lunch on two occasions," said Rodbell.
It's important to note, no visitors are allowed in the Scottsdale City Jail.
"I think they should know better, absolutely," Rodbell said.
Van Galder was also given a key card by one of the jail employees, so they could come and go as they pleased, with the ability to move around the building -- even exit it.
"Highly inappropriate, certainly not within our policies and practices and quite frankly, very disappointing," said Rodbell.
The Scottsdale Police Department cannot account for Van Galder's whereabouts the entire time they were supposed to be serving their sentence.
At this point in the investigation, they have been unable to determine their whereabouts from the afternoon of Friday, August 5 until Sunday, August 7. Internal affairs investigators are examining data from the key card to track their movements to find out if they left the property.
The investigation continues to find out who arranged the special accommodations for the jail guest, and Landrum, Vogel, Keilich are on paid administrative leave. So far, 13 employees have been interviewed.
Chief Rodbell said this incident is not reflective of their department.
"This does erode or kind of shake up that confidence, question of confidence and that does not make me happy," they said.
But questions remain. Who orchestrated this sham? Did the jail employees act on their own volition? Or was it Van Galder's friend Scottsdale Police Commander Bruce Ciolli. The two graduated from the same class of the police academy in 1994.
Chief Rodbell confirmed for 12 News that Van Galder asked Ciolli if they could get permission to do their time in the Scottsdale City Jail. Ciolli asked an assistant police chief who went to Rodbell. Chief Rodbell ultimately signed off on it.
Ciolli is part of the internal affairs investigation but Rodbell doesn't believe they had anything to do with the preferential treatment Van Galder received in the city jail.
"There's no testimony from anybody at this point that I am aware of that says that Commander Ciolli gave any direction to anybody in the detention center on how these gentlemen should be treated once they came in," said Rodbell.
And the chief has a theory about the detention officers' actions.
"I just think they felt they had a law enforcement officer that was coming in to spend time and for whatever reason made decisions that weren't good decisions in terms of how they were going to be treated while they were here," Rodbell said.
The jail employees who gave Van Galder free rein are veterans. Detention Manager Jeff Landrum has been at the helm for nearly two decades. Sergeants Vogel and Keilich have worked at the jail for more than 20 years.
They also have stellar personnel files. Chief Rodbell signed off on pay raises for all three men on June 13 and has recognized their outstanding service in the past.
Our investigation reveals Van Galder should have never been at the Scottsdale City Jail to begin with. Based on policy and accreditation, the jail's maximum hold time is 48 hours and Van Galder was sentenced to 72 hours.
"I actually made that mistake," Rodbell admitted.
Gilbert Municipal Court's top magistrate, Presiding Judge John Hudson, who formally sentenced Van Galder to three consecutive days in jail has been apprised of the situation. But Court Administrator Adam Walterson tells 12 News Judge Hudson is unable to speak about the case because Van Galder is on probation for five years and it's an ongoing case. This matter has also been brought to the attention of Gilbert Town Prosecutor Cathy Bohland, who prosecuted Van Galder's case and offered them a standard plea deal. Bohland confirmed to 12 News that this matter is currently under review with the Gilbert Prosecutor's Office.
Ethical shenanigans or mistakes made? Accountability to come.
Copyright 2016 KPNX
I'd like to deny that all Americans have some kind of yabboistic tendencies, but I know it to be false. Given the right time, we love smokey burnouts and loud cars. Kia understands this and will indulge us with the 2018 Kia Stinger. I don't know if this is good marketing or if we're just crass.
Speaking to Orth Hedrick, Kia Motors America vice president of product planning, CNET reports that the Stinger's original exhaust note was not “throaty enough for a U.S. performance car.”
In Europe, a loud exhaust note is considered unrefined, like a bad or broken muffler. Us here across the pond are like, “SIKE.” So Kia is making the Stinger louder. Just for us. Aw.
From the story:
To make that happen, Kia Motors America had to urge the home office in Seoul to develop a richer exhaust note, a change that involves moving baffles within the muffler to yield less restriction... Hedrick assured me that even the first customer cars will be fitted with the throatier hardware. “It's like 38 percent of what I would like,” says James Bell, director of corporate communications. Bell, who was integral in pushing for a more vocal engine, notes that Kia is already seeding the car in the aftermarket with companies like Borla, a well-regarded performance exhaust company.
Advertisement
You know what that means? MAKE WAY FOR THE LOUD KIAS.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Wednesday instructed the head of the Communication Ministry to work on shutting a new Palestinian Authority-funded TV channel based in Israel, which is set to go on air on Thursday, Ynet reported.
Netanyahu – in their capacity as communications minister – ordered Director General Shlomo Filber to make the move hours after a news conference inaugurated the Arabic-language Palestine 48's launch in Nazareth.
During the press conference, Palestinian Authority Communications Minister Riad Hassan said Netanyahu and “his extremist right-wing government” couldn't shut Palestine 48 down, and that the channel would “also give a stage to the other side, to right wing people and ministers from the government.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The channel receives funding from the PA.
Netanyahu instructed Filber and ministry staffers to investigate the station's legality, particularly its funding from the Palestinian Authority while operating out of Israel.
The channel will begin broadcasting with support from a production service in the north, Ynet reported.
“The goal is to give a stage to the Arabs of '48 so that they can expose to the Arab world everything they must go through, regarding their social, cultural and economic difficulties,” Hassan said at the conference. “The Palestinian Authority headed by Abu Mazen [Mahmoud Abbas] will support this station. We are even seriously considering establishing a channel that will broadcast live from inside the Green Line. There is no intention to violate Israel's rule of law,” they said.
The station's name refers to 1948, the year Israel was established and which Palestinians mark as the beginning of their national catastrophe, or “Nakba” in Arabic.
Hassan said that talk of establishing the channel began more than a year ago and that the plan received the blessing of Arab MKs, writers and media personalities. The station is expected to focus its broadcasts on the lives of Arabs living inside Israel proper. Production companies would offer content produced in the Galilee, the Negev and the Triangle, an area in northern Israel home to a sizable Arab population.
While the station will begin airing from Nazareth, it is expected in the future to have offices in Ramallah. The date chosen for its first broadcasts, Thursday, also marks the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Sanaa Hamud, a member of a panel which counsels the channel, said its establishment was a watershed event.
“For the first time in 67 years we will have television speaking our language, in more ways than one, enabling dialogue and discussions on the issues close to our heart and allowing us to make our voice heard by the entire world,” they said.
Bog witches live solitary lives or in parasitic covens. While not secluded to Bogs as their name would suggest, Bog Witches prefer moist soils to build their living body hutches with. The term Witch is gender neutral, both male and female Bog witches exist; though it is difficult to tell them apart.
Dangerous alone, Bog Witches are much more dangerous when formed into a coven. A coven is composed of three or more, the smaller or which will fasten themselves to elder mother's structure.
Using their bodies as the bone structure, Bog witches build upon themselves using materials from their environment. Some will get so large that the witch will become immobile and will even begin to resemble human hutches with willow -the-wisp lanterns. This behavior is not only for camouflage but also is believed to lure in lost travelers.
Derrick Hall has seen a sartorial evolution in 12 years as Arizona Diamondbacks president. When they joined the team's front office in 2005, parents and their children routinely showed up at games in Cubs, Yankees or Red Sox garb. Now diversity is the norm. Moms and dads still pay homage to Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant in Cubbie blue, but the kids prefer jerseys with Paul Goldschmidt, Jake Lamb, Zach Greinke and Robbie Ray etched across the back.
In their first year as Diamondbacks general manager, Mike Hazen sees a similar phenomenon at play in the Arcadia Little League, where Charlie, John, Teddy and Sam Hazen and their peers all gravitate to the D-backs' color scheme of Sedona Red, Sonoran Sand and black.
Mike and Nicole Hazen's four sons range in age from 7 to 11, and they formed an early bond with the Boston Red Sox players while dad was working in the team's front office. But they're quickly gravitating to the Snakes.
"My kids grew up Red Sox fans because they went to all the Red Sox games," Hazen says. "Now every morning it's all D-backs: 'Did we win last night? Did Robbie finish it off? Lamber [Jake Lamb] hit a home run late in the game? That's awesome.' Then they'll grab a phone and go watch the highlights.
"They still watch the Red Sox because they're so attached to Mookie Betts and Dustin Pedroia and the other players. They still follow them and see what they're up to. But they're locked into the D-backs now."
In both the adult and children's sizes, it's less about the jerseys than the emotional investment of the people wearing them.
The Diamondbacks and their fans have reason to feel sanguine these days. After falling 21 games behind the Los Angeles Dodgers on Aug. 25, the D-backs narrowed that gap to nine thanks in part to a 13-game win streak that finally ended against San Diego over the weekend. While they'll have to advance to the National League Division Series as a wild card, they're in the advantageous position of hosting the game with Greinke, who is 13-1 with a 2.31 ERA at Chase Field this season, as their starting pitcher.
The long-term outlook is promising. Sixteen years after Randy Johnson, Curt Schilling and Luis Gonzalez led Arizona to a World Series victory over the New York Yankees, the 2017 Diamondbacks are winning hearts and minds and kick-starting tradition with impetus from a Boston-based brain trust.
Diamondbacks GM Mike Hazen is lending a Boston touch in a bid to win hearts, minds and ballgames in Arizona. Mark J. Rebilas/USA Today Sports
Hazen, 41, grew up in suburban Boston and had their hopes raised and extinguished by the 1986 Red Sox. They played college ball at Princeton, spent two years as an outfielder in the Padres' system and parlayed a summer job scouting the Cape Cod League for Peter Gammons into an internship with the Cleveland Indians. After 16 years as a scout and executive in Cleveland and Boston, Hazen landed the Arizona job and brought in former Red Sox colleagues Amiel Sawdaye and Jared Porter to help implement their vision.
Arizona's new front office looked to Fenway for its first big addition, hiring former Red Sox bench coach Torey Lovullo to succeed Chip Hale as the eighth manager in the franchise's 20-year history. Lovullo has emerged as a National League Manager of the Year contender while strengthening a rapport with Hazen that took root during their days together in the Cleveland and Boston organizations.
"Times have changed," Lovullo said. "The newer front offices are engaged and involved on an impressive level, and the key point is the relationship between the manager and the front office. To me, it's like a marriage. You've got to have a relationship where you share the good and the bad. From Day 1, Mike and I had aggressive, understanding, learning conversations. There's never, ever a judgment. We're doing this for one reason -- their players and their performance on the field. We checked a lot of boxes quickly."
Paul Goldschmidt jerseys are in dmand now that the D-backs' new sense of direction under manager Torey Lovullo has them pointed back towards the postseason. Christian Petersen/Getty Images
The new dynamic is everything that Hall and Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick envisioned when they interviewed Hazen after the Red Sox lost to Cleveland in the 2016 American League Division Series. Hazen spent a Friday afternoon in Phoenix and wowed Kendrick and Hall with their franchise-building vision and in-depth knowledge of the Arizona organization, and they quickly separated themselves from the pack.
"I took Mike outside so they could grab their wife to go to dinner, and I went back in and looked at Ken and I said, 'Do you feel as strongly about this guy as I do?'" Hall said. "Ken said, 'Oh yeah, he's my guy too.' We both knew as soon as we met with him."
Hazen quickly hired Mike Fitzgerald, a 28-year-old MIT mathematics grad and quantitative analyst with the Pittsburgh Pirates, to build a new analytics system in Phoenix. They also have shown the self-awareness to listen, incorporate multiple viewpoints and embrace the role of scouts. Arizona's farm system has taken enough hits in recent years that ESPN's Keith Law ranked it No. 30 in baseball entering this season, and it's going to take more than statistical analysis to replenish the pipeline.
Hazen and their group were fortunate to inherit some nice building blocks. Josh Byrnes was a general manager and Tom Allison the scouting director when Arizona selected A.J. Pollock and Goldschmidt in a killer 2009 draft. The Kevin Towers regime added Lamb in the sixth round of the 2012 draft and signed David Peralta as an obscure international free agent, and the Dave Stewart-Tony La Russa combo took the plunge on Greinke's six-year, $206.5 million deal in December 2015. That contract still looks exorbitant, but Greinke has rebounded nicely after an uncharacteristically poor performance last season.
The new front office has added some pivotal pieces. Hazen made a bold strike before Thanksgiving, sending shortstop Jean Segura to Seattle in a five-player trade that brought pitcher Taijuan Walker and shortstop Ketel Marte to Arizona, and the Diamondbacks pulled off a non-waiver-deadline coup when they added J.D. Martinez from Detroit for three minor-league infielders. Martinez, a pending free agent, has slashed .269/.342/.701 as a D-back and homered four times in a recent 13-0 rout of the Dodgers.
The Diamondbacks also have benefited from some more nuanced decisions. Outfielder Gregor Blanco and catchers Jeff Mathis and Chris Iannetta added veteran stability to the roster. Former No. 1 pick Archie Bradley has enjoyed a breakout season in their transition from starter to reliever. And the D-backs resisted the temptation to panic when 40-year-old closer Fernando Rodney sported a 12.60 ERA in 9⅓ innings in April. Before blowing a ninth-inning lead in an 8-7 loss to San Diego on Saturday, Rodney had held opponents to a .129 batting average over 43 appearances since May 1.
The Diamondbacks have gone from last in the NL in ERA (5.09) in 2016 to second behind the Dodgers (at 3.61) thanks in part to bounce-back seasons from Greinke and Patrick Corbin, Zack Godley's surprise contribution and Ray's emergence as an All-Star, but they have also benefited from some upgrades in the catching department. Mathis, who suffered a fractured hand in late August, ranks eighth in the majors in pitch framing, and Iannetta is 15th.
"For me, it's been one of the common denominators that's helped our pitching staff," Lovullo said. "That was a priority -- getting a couple of veteran guys in here who had a history of handling staffs and could frame pitches and call games and read swings and develop rapports with pitchers. Without Jeff Mathis and Chris Iannetta, we would not be where we are."
The Diamondbacks' fan outreach efforts begin with Goldschmidt, who has become a pillar of the lineup and the Phoenix community. Goldschmidt is signed to a club-friendly five-year, $32 million extension that includes a $14.5 million club option for 2019. Their 31.4 wins above replacement (WAR) are third-best in MLB behind Mike Trout and Josh Donaldson since 2013, and they have a chance to snag their first NL MVP award after finishing second twice.
"We're lucky in our community to have a player like Shane Doan, who just retired after playing their whole career with the Coyotes, and Larry Fitzgerald with the NFL team, and then Paul Goldschmidt with this team," Hall said. "That's how you build a fan base. Paul Goldschmidt was homegrown. He's All-American -- someone to look up to. They and their wife are at Phoenix Children's Hospital all the time and they're constantly giving back. Everything adds up to say, 'This guy is a fan favorite and a household name.'
"His teammates love him. I've never heard a bad thing said about Goldy. The thing I've always said about Paul is, they don't realize how good they are, and that's part of what makes them what they are. They don't take anything for granted."
That mentality permeates the organization. Whenever Hazen feels the least bit self-satisfied, they reflect upon the Aug. 18-20 series at Minnesota in which the Diamondbacks lost three straight by a combined score of 27-8. Lovullo has ingrained their players with a short-term memory loss that's prevented small setbacks from mushrooming into something bigger. Arizona's longest losing streak -- five games -- took place before and after the All-Star break.
"We've focused on what Torey talked about from the beginning of spring training -- go out and play 162 games to the best of your ability, as hard as you can. Bring it every night, and see where it goes from there," Hazen said. "The Dodgers could have run away from us. But that's what we continued to say, and we continue to say it now. Where it leaves us at the end, we don't know. But we're going to bring it."
Hazen navigated some early culture shock in Arizona as an East Coast guy, but they haven't lost their Boston accent or their competitive zeal. The new front office has set a tone of high expectations in Phoenix.
"It's pretty cool," Hall said. "You take a guy who's from Boston. They were a Red Sox fan their whole life and they worked for the Red Sox. They picked up their family and moved them out to the desert, and now they're all-in. Mike is as diehard a D-back as there is. I think it was their time -- and it was Torey's time."
Judging from recent events, this just might be the Diamondbacks' time as well. Come the postseason, Arizona fans will make sure to dress for the occasion.
Imagine an alternate universe for a moment. In 2023 you come to the opening day of 145th Street Station in Jackson Park. You wait 15 minutes for a 2-car, rush-hour train. The train departs along 5th Avenue Northeast, going through 13 at-grade crossings just en route to its first stop at Northgate. 110 minutes, 33 miles, and more than 100 additional at-grade crossings later, you arrive in Federal Way, having traveled on the surface through Roosevelt Way, Eastlake, South Lake Union, Stewart St, 2nd Avenue, 4th Avenue South, East Marginal Way, and SR 99. That doesn't sound very appealing? In a nutshell, I've just described Portland's MAX Blue Line. The actual train we're building will be twice as long, come 5 times as often, and get you to Federal Way a full 50 minutes faster.
We frequently wonder around here why our transit-building schemes are slow and expensive, and I've offered my best attempt at the process side of the equation already. But today I want to propose another reason: to put it bluntly, we're building the good shit and nobody else is.
This is not intended to troll the commenters ready to erupt in apoplexy over legitimate microfights on urban stop spacing or the merits of suburban rail, so let me explain. The Portland example above is intended to show that our peer cities in the U.S. tend to cut corners we aren't cutting, enabling them to quickly and cheaply build low capacity, infrequent, primarily at-grade systems. By contrast, only two regions (Seattle and L.A.) are building high-quality, frequent, grade-separated transit in the contemporary United States, and both have the price tags to prove it. ST2 and ST3 are grand experiments to determine if the public has the appetite and the open pocketbook to build yesterday's quality at today's prices.
Let's look at some data for 5 peer cities expanding their rail networks today: Dallas, Denver, Portland, Minneapolis, and Los Angeles.
Frequency
Simply put, no other agency in the country is planning two new 6-minute lines the way we are. Dallas is the worst offender here, with each of its 4 lines running every 20 minutes in order to accommodate 5-minute combined headways on the surface streets of Downtown Dallas. In Denver, heavy reliance on legacy freight corridors has left 5 lines (C/D/E/F/H) running every 15 minutes to share the same double track between I-25/Broadway and Downtown Denver (though their trains are fast and reliable). In Portland, shared use of the Steel Bridge limits 4 lines to 15 minutes each. Minneapolis does better, with 10-minute headways per line sharing a few stations in Downtown Minneapolis, but likely could not expand significantly.
Los Angeles does well, with its main subway running every 10-12 minutes all day, and the Red/Purple lines interlining for 6-minute service east of Vermont Avenue. Its light rail lines escape the other cities' fate by operating mostly independent of one another.
But Seattle is doing something different. We could probably follow other cities' path and cut frequency to 15 minutes on our nascent Red and Blue lines, build the Green Line to run every 15 minutes in the current tunnel, and have combined 5-minute service between them. But instead we're choosing to have our branches be as robust as other cities' trunks, and we're not only foregoing surface rail, but we're proposing to build a second subway instead.
Capacity
Portland is similarly instructive when it comes to capacity. Its trains will never have more capacity than they day they opened – Portland's 200′ city blocks and reliance on surface alignments ensure that. Whereas we are building 4-car, 400′ platforms at every station and running each line 2-4x times as often, for 4-8x the capacity. Surface rail is as limited as the shortest block along its alignment that citizens are unwilling to close off.
Grade Separation
Our topography helps us not cut corners, as our hilly terrain has given us a dearth of legacy freight corridors and also precludes many surface alignments due to grade. But it's still striking seeing other new light rail systems poke along their Downtown arterials. Again, Seattle and Los Angeles are the only non-legacy systems building substantial new subway and elevated capacity.
To be clear, none of this is saying we're building in the right places, or that we are self-evidently superior in any way. Those questions are left to the reader. The intent of this piece is to acknowledge that we are choosing to be the tortoise rather than the hare. ST2 and ST3 are an exercise in delayed gratification for a better purported payoff.
We are choosing to do the hardest possible thing, to build new, grade separated, truly high capacity transit. We're doing so in a wealthy region, through and under valuable land, while appeasing every environmental regulation, mitigating every property owner's complaint, showering goodies at cities along the way, and securing the majority support of a very engaged citizenry.
The legacy systems of New York and Chicago, etc, built hard things the easy way, with often callous disregard for human life and the environment. Today our peer cities are building easy things the hard way, creating inferior products while encumbered in the same process mess. We are choosing to build hard things the hard way. That is by definition torturous, but it's also the only way to get real value out of what we're paying for.
NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Dubai has dropped the case against a British woman who was accused of extramarital sex after reporting that they had been raped by two British men while on holiday in the Gulf State.
The Dubai government said the public prosecutor had closed the case against the 25-year-old woman after examining a video on the mobile phone of one of two British suspects and concluding the act was consensual.
The case received global attention with human rights groups saying it highlighted persistent and deep-rooted prejudice against women in Dubai, one of seven emirates that make up the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
A statement from the Dubai government said statements given by the woman and two suspects as well as investigating officers from Dubai police “showed that the act happened with the consent of the three parties in question”.
“All three parties involved in the case are in the process of receiving their passports and are free to leave the UAE,” the statement said.
Britain-based legal advocacy group Detained in Dubai said a charge of extramarital sex can lead to imprisonment and flogging in Dubai, which draws a large number of expatriates and visitors and boasts a tourism industry tailored to a Western way of life.
Radha Stirling, founder and director of Detained in Dubai, said the international attention that the case received may have contributed to the decision to drop the charges.
But they called for policy changes to avoid a repeat of the situation.
“We hope that the UAE takes this as yet another example of why they need to implement a policy that protects victims of crime against retaliatory charges or counter criminal accusations,” Stirling said in a statement.
The woman's family said their daughter was on holiday with plans to travel to Australia when they were reportedly raped by two British men in a hotel room in Dubai and then arrested for reporting the assault.
The family last month launched an online appeal for funds to cover the woman's legal defense, raising some $38,000 (£30,500).
“Please help my daughter, they are being held in a prison cell in a foreign country for up to one year if we can't bail them out,” the family wrote on the fundraising website.
The last posting on the website from the family said they had yet to receive official confirmation that their daughter had been released.
A spokesperson for Britain's foreign office said this was a matter for the Dubai prosecutor.
INSIDE the backyard of a south Sydney property, a postmodern shaman grows a selection of psychedelic plants they say they use for medicine.
The shaman, who wishes to be known only as Boaz, claims to be one of many suburban healers using psychedelics to overcome mental anguish.
“Psychedelics are healthy as they expand our understanding of the cosmos, nature and our own perception of life,” they told news.com.au
“It takes away ego and makes you look deep inside your own soul, which is a very powerful tool.”
Despite using psychedelic substances, Boaz doesn't like to be considered a “druggo” with any of the negative connotations that come with that label.
“I am not into synthetic party drugs and only use natural plants, yet I am still conscious to respect the effect they have on me,” they said.
“It's disappointing that people shun plant medicine without even exploring the benefits it has to offer. I feel the prosecution of shamans is the equivalent of a modern day witch hunt.”
They might sound wacky, and it must be noted that what they are doing is illegal, but recent scientific studies have found magic mushrooms to be effective in alleviating severe depression in volunteers during clinical trials.
One such study, published in The Lancet Psychiatry journal, took 12 patients that had been depressed for an average 17.8 years.
After just one week of receiving an oral dose of psilocybin — the hallucinogenic chemical found in magic mushrooms — all patients experienced a solid improvement in their symptoms.
Even more surprising was the fact after three months, five were in complete remission.
The healing power of psilocybin is something Boaz claims to have first-hand experience with.
“I used to suffer depression and anxiety, but that all changed when I took mushrooms,” they said.
“I was levelled out in the experience as it was quite the emotional release and for the weeks and months following, my depression was all but gone.”
The other drug Boaz claims has the biggest benefits is N,N-Dimethyltryptamine or DMT.
Also known as “the spirit molecule”, DMT is the world's most powerful psychedelic extracted from the Acacia tree, which is native to Australia.
UFC commentator and comedian Joe Rogan is another to talk about the benefits of the drug.
Boaz explained DMT can either be smoked or turned into ayahuasca and consumed as a liquid.
“People have been using DMT or ayahuasca for as long we have existed on this planet, with indigenous Amazonian Indian cultures renowned for holding ceremonies divinatory and healing purposes,” they said.
“In more modern times, the drug has been a proven treatment for substance abuse and other disorders.
“As the intense high from smoking DMT only last around 15 minutes, it's preferable to those who do not want to go on a long trip.”
Boaz knows there is still a long way to go before plant medicines become accepted, but this won't stop them preaching of their healing powers in the hope to spread information.
“I honestly believe psychedelics can remove blockages and problems, while opening up your reality spectrum for a better life,” they said.
“You just have to remain aware of what you are doing, so you don't abuse them.”
ANOTHER DRUG WITH A HIDDEN BENEFIT
A Sydney man, only wishing to be known as James, recently had an experience with psychoactive drug MDMA.
They aren't in a busy nightclub dancing until the sun came up; instead they were at home trying to overcome the demons from their past.
“I was watching a documentary on SBS about how MDMA had been used to treat returning soldiers and other people suffering PTSD,” they said.
“Abandoned by the mental health system and having greatly struggled with my own PTSD for the past seven years, I decided the treatment might be worth a try.”
The 44-year-old said they sourced a single cap containing MDMA and returned home to take it in the comfort of their loungeroom, not before asking their neighbour to check on him.
“I had sweats, my heart was pumping and knew I was freaking out. Luckily, I was able to keep myself centred,” they said.
“I was f***ing high, but mental stimulation, emotional warmth and general sense of wellbeing washed over me and I was able to say sorry to God and forgive all the negatives I had experienced in my life.”
James said after just one trip and the reflection process that followed, they were able to release the darkness, which had haunted them for so long.
“In the weeks following the treatment I met with my psychiatrist and spiritual councillors, who all agreed that I seemed the happiest and healthiest since they have known me,” they said.
James was aware of the risks going into the treatment and as a self-confessed addict, they knew they couldn't abuse the drug because it would be diminishing if they did.
“You have to be aware what you are doing. I have done the treatment once and it worked for me, so there is no need to ever do it again,” they said.
“I chased the monster out of my mind, so why would I want to risk taking MDMA again and reawakening it.”
Following their experience, James said they would like to see MDMA legalised for treatment purposes.
“I think it should be legalised, but only available through the proper medical channels with doctors signing off and administering the drug to patients,” they said.
“People with legitimate issues could then go to hospitals and clinics to be overseen by trained professionals, so they can reap the full benefits of the treatment.”
WHAT THE EXPERTS SAY
Founded in 1986, the US-based Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS) is a non-profit research and educational organisation working to explore the way people can benefit from the careful use of psychedelics.
MAPS director of communications Brad Burge said the organisation is about exploring the risks and benefits of these compounds to see if they can become a legal treatment for those suffering PTSD, anxiety, depression or substance abuse problems.
“A common misconception of MDMA is that it is a recreation compound, but history shows it was a therapeutic compound long before it became ecstasy on the criminal black market,” they said.
“That adulteration has made MDMA a more dangerous substance, which has been known to cause death in high doses and this is what has developed the negative stigma surrounding it.
“We believe it has really strong therapeutic effects and low risk when using pure MDMA in a clinical environment.”
MAPS is currently performing double blind placebo phase two studies with 107 patients and Mr Burge says there have been great results.
Following the success of the stage two studies, MAPS is in talks to commence stage three studies, which would allow them to treat at least 230 more patients.
“The goal here is to make MDMA a generic drug for treatment available by prescription only, with people only allowed to use the psychoactive substance under the direct supervision of medical professionals in a clinical environment,” they said.
In addition to MDMA, MAPS has also been exploring research into the safety and effectiveness of ayahuasca-assisted treatment for drug addiction and PTSD.
“We have seen a massive decrease in addiction to cocaine and other substances,” they said.
Mr Burge said before psychedelics were criminalised, there was a large scientific interest in them.
“We are trying to continue clinical trials in specific fields of research in an attempt to cure mental health problems prevalent in society,” they said.
While MAPS is optimistic about the studies, EcstacyAddiction.com holds a different view.
“Psychoactive substances that affect the mind, whether it is MDMA, cocaine, heroin, marijuana, alcohol — the list goes on and on — are not a solution to man's ills or their personal failings or problems,” the website reads.
“Using drugs to ‘solve' a problem in interpersonal relationships begets new problems associated with drug use. Drug-induced thoughts and emotions are just that — drug-induced. A person's real thoughts and true emotions do not stem from a chemical substance.
“A healthy body and a well-functioning mind undamaged by psychoactive chemical substances are requisite to living life fully, finding self-satisfaction, and experiencing rewarding interpersonal relationships. In truth, there is no chemical substitute for living life.”
The National Drug Research Institute declined to comment on the story.
What are your thoughts on psychedelics and MDMA as healing drugs? Continue the conversation on Twitter @mattydunn11.
In their refusal to stand in solidarity with the victims of the "Assassin's Veto", writers have turned their back on a simple concept
Teju Cole, Peter Carey, Michael Ondaatje, Taiye Selasi and other writers have decided to withdraw from PEN American Center gala honouring staff of Charlie Hebdo.
In an email interview with the New York Times, Carey questioned whether the Charlie Hebdo case was something PEN, established in the 1920s to encourage free expression and solidarity among writers, should even be involved in.
“A hideous crime was committed, but was it a freedom-of-speech issue for PEN America to be self-righteous about?” the Oscar And Lucinda author is reported as saying.
This is not a joke. This is a renowned novelist questioning whether the murder of magazine staff - specifically because of what they published – is a “freedom-of-speech issue”.
Carey apparently believes that PEN should only get involved in clear-cut cases of state censorship. This is not only an outdated notion of how censorship works, but also a very, very narrow reading of the PEN Charter, which states:
“PEN stands for the principle of unhampered transmission of thought within each nation and between all nations, and members pledge themselves to oppose any form of suppression of freedom of expression in the country and community to which they belong, as well as throughout the world wherever this is possible. PEN declares for a free press and opposes arbitrary censorship in time of peace. It believes that the necessary advance of the world towards a more highly organized political and economic order renders a free criticism of governments, administrations and institutions imperative. And since freedom implies voluntary restraint, members pledge themselves to oppose such evils of a free press as mendacious publication, deliberate falsehood and distortion of facts for political and personal ends.”
One could, perhaps, question whether Charlie Hebdo breaches the preceding affirmation in the PEN charter, which commits PEN members to “pledge themselves to do their utmost to dispel race, class and national hatreds, and to champion the ideal of one humanity living in peace in one world.”
I don't think it does, and nor, clearly to the people at the head of American PEN. It is deeply anti-religious and anti-clerical, yes, and the satire is crude, but the motivation is not to provoke racism.
As the best paragraph of the excellent PEN Center statement on the issue states:
“The rising prevalence of various efforts to delimit speech and narrow the bounds of any permitted speech concern us; we defend free speech above its contents. We do not believe that any of us must endorse the content of Charlie Hebdo's cartoons in order to affirm the importance of the medium of satire, or to applaud the staff's bravery in holding fast to those values in the face of life and death threats. There is courage in refusing the very idea of forbidden statements, an urgent brilliance in saying what you have been told not to say in order to make it sayable.”
There is a clarity here that the likes of Cole and Carey seem unable to abide: free expression exists not just in sentiment, but in action. As Jamie Bartlett has pointed out about free speech in an article for Little Atoms: "Liberals... know what it means in theory: but without regular exercise, they have forgotten the practice."
It is all very well to state one's support for free expression as an abstract, as almost everyone does, but if one cannot express solidarity with people who are murdered for exercising their free expression, then you don't support free expression. It actually is that simple. I wonder sometimes if the likes of Carey and others tie themselves in knots over these things because the simplicity itself is unappealing: “Where's the angle?” they think. “Where's the fresh perspective I can bring?” “What's the clever thing to say here?”
But while they might reject simplicity, they embrace certainty. They are quite sure that they will never be Charb, they will never be Charlie, they will never be Rushdie. They, being good and right, will never find themselves in the middle of a global storm, or staring down the barrel of a gun: not because they are scared to provoke, but because they only speak and write in self-evident truths with which no one could disagree.
The response of Salman Rushdie – who knows of what they speak – to the line taken by Carey, Michael Ondaatje et al is unimprovable:
“If PEN as a free speech organisation can't defend and celebrate people who have been murdered for drawing pictures, then frankly the organisation is not worth the name. What I would say to both Peter and Michael and the others is, I hope nobody ever comes after them.”
Quite.
Organizing a queer film festival in Uganda —considered to be among the most dangerous places on earth to be queer — is a high-stakes, life-and-death matter that takes a special kind of nerve and skill.
“Imagine living in fear every day,” says 30-year-old Hassan Kamoga, primary organizer of the Queer Kampala International Film Festival. “People still live in fear of losing jobs, people still get attacked everyday. The situation is not good at all.”
The challenging human-rights environment Uganda's LGBT community faces came more prominently to the fore after MP David Bahati began championing a so-called “Kill the Gays” bill in 2009 that initially included the death penalty. In December 2013, the Ugandan parliament passed a version of the bill with a minimum 14-year prison term and a promise to punish the “promotion” of homosexuality, as well as anyone who failed to report homosexual activities to police.
When a court later struck down the act, Kamoga and their friends hoped the legal victory might lead to a slightly more accepting environment, but it has not. In August, police raided a Pride celebration where attendees were beaten and at least a dozen were arrested.
For Kamoga, educating people in Uganda on these topics seems like an uphill battle. They see film as a powerful weapon to break down barriers and challenge misconceptions.
“When you use film, you can reach out to a very large number of people and then that opens up channels for understanding,” Kamoga says of the festival, which will have its inaugural run from Dec 9–11.
Among the tight circle of volunteers working with him, some do not want to be identified as part of the festival's crew. Kamoga says they were recognized and attacked at a previous event and routinely changes their name on social media to evade the incessant threats of violence and death.
“It's a risky fight,” they admit. They have lost friends, some homophobic, others afraid of being associated with a prominent gay man. While their mother is supportive of their orientation and activism, they fear for their safety. Their father hasn't spoken to them in years.
After the media ran lists of people who were identified as gays and lesbians, many fled the country, Kamoga says. “I myself am a queer person living in Uganda, and if I go silent . . .” Their voice trails off.
“I mean, I may get killed. I always tell people that I may not finish this job that I have started, but when we fight now we are making it easier for the next queer people who are going to come when we are gone. So we don't have to go silent, we have to speak out.”
In some ways, they believe being open is a means of protecting himself.
“When you put your name out there, or if you tell people about what is happening, this probably could save you,” they say.
They bring up their summer visit to Montreal, where they were invited to speak at the World Social Forum around Pride. There, they had their picture taken with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Kamoga considers the photo a sort of talisman against danger.
“When I took that picture with Justin Trudeau, little did I know that that picture could somehow protect me, because here in Uganda people think that because I've met such people, they think that I'm somehow protected,” they say.
Kamoga Hassan with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Montreal Pride 2016. Courtesy Kamoga Hassan
The Queer Kampala International Film Festival will not bear much resemblance to similar festivals in Canada or the US. Those who wish to attend a screening in Kampala must undergo screening themselves. If potential attendees who connect through social media are not personally known to Kamoga and their friends, organizers will examine their Facebook pages to assess if there's reason to suspect ill will.
If they don't seem suspect, organizers will then ask potential attendees to explain a bit about themselves. Once vetted, attendees will have to wait until just before screening time for a private message indicating the location.
The festival is being discreetly publicized through Uganda's queer organizations, some of which are so secretive that they are effectively invisible. Kamoga wants allies to feel welcome too, though again, the challenge is identifying friend from foe.
Organizers are not reaching out to the police because those who are sworn to protect are among those most likely to disrupt and initiate violence, they say.
Finding venues has also been a challenge.
“At first we were looking at commercial theatres where they normally screen films, but most of these places don't want to host us because of the nature of the festival that we are organizing,” Kamoga notes.
“We are looking at queer-friendly clubs and hotels that have space. We also have people from the queer community who have private homes and they want us to have some of our activities in their homes.”
When attendees do pass the vetting and find their way to the venue, admission is free. Organizers don't want money to be an added barrier to participation.
Festival screenings will be a mix of offerings from around the world and Uganda, including one by Kamoga about the media's outing of queer people. Kamoga, a small-scale farmer, also runs their own film company, Visual Power Uganda.
Through a global platform for filmmakers, FilmFreeway.com, the Queer Kampala International Film Festival has received submissions from Kenya, Germany, Tanzania, Spain, Brazil and the United Kingdom. There will be 30 screenings, including six films from Africa and 23 from other continents. One of the festival's screenings will take place remotely in Toronto at the same time as the main festival in Kampala.
Kamoga says that many of the filmmakers react strongly to the idea of showing their film in Uganda.
“Most of the filmmakers, when they hear Uganda, they actually freak out,” Kamoga says. “So one of the ways that they can support our cause is by giving us their films to screen. They are actually trying to monitor the situation and they are promising to come for the next edition [of the festival]. They want to see how safe this event is going to be.”
Despite the fear, many of the films being screened will not be stories of repression but uplifting narratives that can give LGBT people living in Uganda a sense of hope, exploring themes like LGBT activism during the Stonewall riots.
Even as Kamoga and other Ugandan queers fight for their rightful place in society, they admit they feel deeply alone. “We have not got any financial support, and it's really embarrassing to say that because we are organizing this festival using our own resources,” they say. “At the moment, we feel like we are really abandoned by the world. People know about what is happening in Uganda, but they're not helping.”
To countries like Canada where LGBT people are revelling in unprecedented freedom and equality, Kamoga appeals for greater understanding of the critical situations other queer communities are facing worldwide.
“As people celebrate about achieving their rights anywhere around the world, like in countries such as the US and Canada, they have to think about people who are living in the 75 countries where it's actually criminalized to be gay,” they say. “They have to support our work and they have to speak out.”
How to support the Queer Kampala International Film Festival
You can make a direct financial contribution to this year's Queer Kampala International Film Festival by clicking here. All funds raised will be spent on venues, filmmaker fees, equipment leasing, interns, workshops and website development. Additional money may be awarded in small grants to queer Ugandan filmmakers or people who are passionate about telling LGBT stories in Uganda and other East African countries.
Additionally, on Dec 10, 2016, the Queer Kampala International Film Festival in partnership with Xtra Spark will present a satellite screening at Toronto's Carlton Cinema of the film Outed, an unflinching dramatization of the violence faced by LGBT people in Uganda. QKIFF organizer Hassan Kamoga will be in attendance via Skype for a post-screening Q&A.
Tickets can be purchased here, with all proceeds from ticket sales being donated to the QKIFF.
Special thanks to community partners Imagine Cinema, Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, Inside Out, Supporting our Youth and Glad Day Bookshop for supporting the Toronto satellite screening.
ANKARA — Kurdish oil – 1.4 million barrels of it – stored in the southeastern Turkish port of Ceyhan was loaded onto ships Thursday night, said Turkish Energy Minister Taner Yıldız on Friday.
The oil has been stored in Ceyhan for the last six months in line with an agreement signed between Turkey and the Kurdish Regional Government in northern Iraq.
The central government in Baghdad, meanwhile, opposed the sale of the Kurdish oil stored in Ceyhan, claiming it would bypass the country's national State Oil Marketing Company and violate Iraq's constitution.
While negotiations on an deal between the Kurds and Baghdad authorities were taking place, almost 2.5 million barrels of oil was accumulating in Ceyhan waiting for Iraq to approve its sale.
However, on April 28 the Kurdish government announced the stored oil will be sold without Baghdad's approval.
Following the statement, Yıldız said Turkey is ready to facilitate the sales of Kurdish oil to international markets.
No information was available about whether Erbil and Baghdad had come to an agreement about the sale of the oil.
On Thursday, Yıldız announced that the offloading of one million barrels of the Ceyhan oil had begun.
The oil will be sold to Germany and the Mediterranean markets, most probably to Italy, Yıldız revealed on Friday.
Yıldız emphasized the oil belongs to the whole of Iraq and the trade of it, as well as the remaining one million barrels in Ceyhan "will be traded by the Iraqis not by the Turkish government."
However, Yıldız gave no further information on whether a formal agreement had been made about the sale.
"If Iraq pumps more, we transfer and sell their oil to the international markets," they said when asked whether exports will continue.
In my last order of Elite Miniatures from Elite Miniatures Australia I got two packs of “Skirmish Pack – loading and firing”. No picture on the website and I was not sure what the miniatures were but decided to get them anyway. Turned out to be two standing and two kneeling firing poses. I was wondering what to do with these and decided to paint them as Light Infantry. I also based them on 25mm rounds – had thoughts of using these for Sharpe Practice. In the pics below you will see I have also tried them out in some of my Zulu Wars sabot bases – and they don't look too bad either. They can double up as a small unit of infantry for Black Powder games. To the eight figures I added a colonel and a couple of march attack fusiliers I had left over. That particular base can be used as a brigade commander or as part of a ‘unit” of light infantry depending on the game requirements.
When I was taking the pics I had some interested onlookers.
Advertisements
World Cup 2017 BlizzCon Finals: Viewer's Guide
The 2017 World Cup has reached its last stop in the global tour, arriving at BlizzCon 2017 in Anaheim, California to see which national team will come out victorious in the playoff finals. With BlizzCon just around the corner, we've compiled a viewer's guide to get ready for this weekend's action.
Teams
Thirty-two teams participated in this year's tournament, with four groups of eight competing in group stages worldwide, namely at Shanghai, Sydney, Katowice, and Santa Monica. The top two from each group stage advanced to the playoffs at BlizzCon.
Two teams have made changes to their roster after qualifying for the playoffs. Sweden removed Reinforce in favor of snillo, and China was forced to make a drastic shuffle after most of their players ran into visa issues. All other teams have stuck to their lineups. The teams are:
China
Ou " Eileen " Yiliang (DPS)
Ou " " Yiliang (DPS) Huang " leave " Xin (DPS)
Huang " " Xin (DPS) Li " YaoYao " Haibo (Tank)
Li " " Haibo (Tank) Bian " Time " Yutao (Tank)
Bian " " Yutao (Tank) Cao " YuanFang2 " Jiale (Support)
Cao " " Jiale (Support) They "zhufanjun" Junjian (Support)
France
Dylan "aKm" Bignet (DPS)
Dylan Bignet (DPS) Terence "SoOn" Tarlier (DPS)
Terence Tarlier (DPS) Jean-Louis "KnOxXx" Boyer (Tank)
Jean-Louis Boyer (Tank) Nicolas "NiCO" Moret (Flex)
Nicolas Moret (Flex) Benjamin "uNKOE" Chevasson (Support)
Benjamin Chevasson (Support) Michaël "winz" Bignet (Support)
Australia
Jason "ieatuup" Ho (DPS)
Jason Ho (DPS) Ajay "Aetar" Umasankar (DPS)
Ajay Umasankar (DPS) Ashley "Trill" Powell (Tank)
Ashley Powell (Tank) Marcus "Kiki" Jacob (Flex)
Marcus Jacob (Flex) Andrew "Rqt" Haws (Support)
Andrew Haws (Support) Jordan "Gunba" Graham (Support)
Sweden
Kevyn "TviQ" Lindström (DPS)
Kevyn Lindström (DPS) Simon "snillo" Ekström (DPS)
Simon Ekström (DPS) Johan "CWoosH" Klingestedt (Tank)
Johan Klingestedt (Tank) Tim "Manneten" Bylund (Flex)
Tim Bylund (Flex) Sebastian "Zebbosai" Olsson (Support)
Sebastian Olsson (Support) Sebastian "chipshajen" Widlund (Support)
South Korea
Park "Saebyeolbe" Jong-yeol (DPS)
Park Jong-yeol (DPS) Hwang "Fl0w3R" Yeon-ho (DPS)
Hwang Yeon-ho (DPS) Kim "Mano" Dong-gyu (Tank)
Kim Dong-gyu (Tank) Kim "zunba" Joon-hyuk (Flex)
Kim Joon-hyuk (Flex) Ryu "ryujehong" Je-hong (Support)
Ryu Je-hong (Support) Yang "tobi" Jin-mo (Support)
Canada
Brady "Agilities" Girardi (DPS)
Brady Girardi (DPS) Lane "Surefour" Roberts (DPS)
Lane Roberts (DPS) Félix "xQc" Lengyel (Tank)
Félix Lengyel (Tank) Liam "Mangachu" Campbell (Flex)
Liam Campbell (Flex) Joe "Joemeister" Gramano (Support)
Joe Gramano (Support) Randal "Roolf" Stark (Support)
United States
Jacob "JAKE" Lyon (DPS)
Jacob Lyon (DPS) Jay "sinatraa" Won (DPS)
Jay Won (DPS) Russell "FCTFCTN" Campbell (Tank)
Russell Campbell (Tank) Matt "coolmatt69" Iorio (Flex)
Matt Iorio (Flex) Adam "Adam" Eckel (Support)
Adam Eckel (Support) Shane "Rawkus" Flaherty (Support)
United Kingdom
Michael " MikeyA " Adams (DPS)
Michael " " Adams (DPS) Harrison " Kruise " Pond (DPS)
Harrison " " Pond (DPS) Christopher " ChrisTFer " Graham (Tank)
Christopher " " Graham (Tank) Eoghan " Smex " O'Neill (Flex)
Eoghan " " O'Neill (Flex) Isaac " Boombox " Charles (Support)
Isaac " " Charles (Support) Marcus "Realzx" Vining (Support)
Format
The playoffs will play out in a single elimination bracket (including a bronze medal match), with matches being best-of-fives and the grand finals being a best-of-seven.
The playoffs will also play on the current 1.16 patch, which notably has the changes made to Mercy and D.Va from the previous 1.15 patch.
Broadcast Team:
Desk
Alex “ Goldenboy ” Mendez
Alex “ ” Mendez James “Jamerson” Lee
Commentators
Mitch “ Uber ” Leslie
Mitch “ ” Leslie Matt “ Mr.X ” Morello
Matt “ ” Morello Andrew “ ZP ” Rush
Andrew “ ” Rush Robert “ hexagrams ” Kirkbride
Robert “ ” Kirkbride Erik “ DoA ” Lonnquist
Erik “ ” Lonnquist Christopher “MonteCristo” Mykles
Schedule
Friday 3rd November
Saturday 4th November
Toronto Coun. Adam Vaughan is apoplectic over what they call the federal government's poor treatment of downtown businesses that lost money during last summer's G20 summit protests even as millions were funnelled to Muskoka ahead of the G8 summit.
"The federal government has let down businesses in this city in a way that I just think that are beyond shameful," Vaughan told CBC's Metro Morning on Tuesday.
Vaughan was speaking one day after the emergence of a leaked draft of a Jan. 13 report by Auditor General Sheila Fraser that alleged the Conservative government lavished millions on a prominent cabinet member's riding and "misled" Parliament. The QMI news agency reported later Monday that a February draft report it had obtained did not contain the words "Parliament was misled," but did have as one section title: "The funding request was not made in a transparent manner."
A police officer rides past the restaurant Fred's Not Here in Toronto on June 22. The federal government has so far received 371 G20 compensation claims from businesses totalling over $10 million. (Chris Young/Canadian Press)
"When you start to see some of the excesses described in this report, it just makes the blood boil," Vaughan said.
According to The Canadian Press, the Jan. 13 draft reveals that then-Industry Minister Tony Clement, the mayor of Huntsville and the general manager of Deerhurst Resort chose the 32 projects that received $45.7 million in funding with no regard for the needs of the summit or the conditions laid down by the government.
Millions 'to thank' Muskoka
Conservative candidate John Baird told reporters Monday that that while some of the money was being spent on infrastructure directly linked to the G8, some of it was a gift to "thank the greater region of Muskoka for hosting the summit."
Vaughan said "they can go around building gazebos in Muskoka for all I care." But businesses in their Trinity Spadina ward that have applied for compensation from the government "have received pennies, if that, on the dollar," they said.
So far, the government has received 371 claims totaling $10,656,869. But Vaughan said several businesses are only getting a small fraction of what they asked for.
One business, they said, applied for $300,000 in claims and received a cheque for $6,000.
"Many of these files cost more money to actually file with the accountants than they got back in compensation," Vaughan said. "It leaves me speechless. And I think that Canadians owe it to other Canadians when events like this happen to back them up, to protect them, to compensate them."
Much of downtown Toronto was shut down for security reasons days ahead of last summer's G20 summit, and numerous businesses in and around the summit site at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre reported a steep drop in earnings. Some were vandalized during protests that turned violent during the June 26-28 meeting of world leaders.
The government has said it will not compensate any businesses for physical damage incurred during the summit. But restaurant owners can apply for compensation for revenues lost as a direct result of summit activity.
Only businesses that remained open during the summit, with the exception of those that were compelled to do so because of security reasons, were eligible to apply for compensation from the government.
As politicians struggle over Brexit, is the optimal solution staring them in the face? Optimal does not mean perfect, but if perfectionists never compromise, the struggle over Europe will never end either.
After all, the referendum vote was very close, so an optimal outcome is one that satisfies most of the people most of the time. And that is the European Free Trade Association.
The UK was a founding member in 1960, then left Efta to join the EEC common market in 1973. So leaving the single market and returning to Efta has some logic. But Efta offers much more.
First, it is a free trade association but not a customs union. Members are free to trade with anyone – a sovereignty gain, some would argue. The UK could sign up to the existing free trade agreements Efta has covering 38 countries, and could set its own trade policy with others. It could negotiate a new separate customs union with the EU, just as the EU has done with Turkey, Andorra and San Marino.
[Becoming a member of EFTA] would return a significant degree of control over immigration to the UK
Secondly, Efta is not the European Economic Area (EEA), so there is no commitment to the “four freedoms” – including, most controversially for Brexiteers, people. There are currently four members of Efta, but only three of them are members of the EEA: Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Switzerland is a member of Efta only.
So while enjoying the free trade benefits of Efta, the UK could then, like Switzerland, seek bilateral agreements with the EU on other matters. Switzerland did, in fact, sign agreements that provide for some free movement, but that is a matter of agreement, not diktat.
That said, it is true that Efta countries have accepted free movement of persons. But what Efta has not accepted is the concept of European citizenship, which according to the European court of justice is “destined to be the fundamental status” of EU citizens. This is an important, if little understood, distinction.
As a member of Efta, the UK could offer to sign up to free movement of labour but not persons. This would return a significant degree of control over immigration to the UK. In fact, this was the common market (economic) freedom that the UK willingly signed up to, and not the (political) free movement of persons it unwillingly signed up to in the Maastricht treaty in the early 1990s.
Assuming the UK will need continued EU labour, why not offer it as well? In fact, a YouGov poll in June suggested a substantial majority – 58% – prefer free trade with the EU even if this means free movement of EU persons. The majority would be even bigger if there were free movement of labour only. It would be good in negotiations too to try labour only but then concede if necessary. Remember too that the Swiss are negotiating preferential rights for Swiss-born workers.
Third, joining Efta not only removes the commitment to “ever-closer union”, it eliminates the jurisdiction of the European court of justice. There is an Efta court, to which domestic courts can refer cases if they wish, but they are never under any obligation to do so, unlike under European law.
What's more, Efta court decisions are advisory only; there is no direct effect and no primacy/supremacy of “foreign” law over UK laws. EU law would have to be transposed into domestic law to have any legal effect or enforceability. There are no sanctions for not following an Efta court judgment – again, in contrast to the ECJ. In other words, joining Efta makes clear that sovereignty has not been given away.
Remainers may complain that as an Efta member the UK would have no say in the EU lawmaking process. But that is what Brexit means. In any case, laws made by the US, China, India – the list goes on – all potentially affect the UK without the UK having any say.
Might other EU member states want to join Efta as well? Maybe. But if they do, it means that the other states could speed ahead with creating a United States of Europe. Ever-closer union is always limited by those members who refuse to yield any more sovereignty.
Brexit doesn't mean pulling up a drawbridge. We must make pacts now | Chris Leslie Read more
Currently, the UK bargaining position is very weak. After all, the EU can force the UK to choose between an EU-friendly agreement or no agreement. The UK exports up to 15% of its GDP exports of goods and services to the EU; 3% of the EU's GDP exports go to the UK. The red line issues on both sides are many and varied, but the optimal solution is available off the peg: Efta.
To sum up, joining Efta would mean the end of EU powers over UK trade policy; the UK would regain the flexibility in free trade it has always fought for (sometimes literally). It would mean the end of ECJ jurisdiction and the boosting of sovereignty in a useful, rather than a rhetorical (or theoretical) way. It would mean substantially reduced UK contributions to the EU – perhaps by 60%, if the Swiss contributions are anything to go by. And it means Brexit can be completed with the least disruption to the UK's economic relationship with Europe, avoiding the chaos that seems increasingly inevitable given the timescale remaining before departure.
Brexiteers and Remainers will identify downsides. But creating much-needed certainty will help restore confidence, and may even help restore some trust in our politicians. Joining Efta provides a solid foundation for dealing with other sensitive issues, such as the Irish border and the role of the City of London.
But it's not only the optimal solution: it's optimistic as well. The UK would be welcomed by Efta, if the Efta court's president's words are to be believed. Efta, they said, could be the “natural home for the UK post-Brexit”. And he's right.
Eliav Boaron also contributed to this piece
• Dr Christopher Whelan is a member of the University of Oxford law faculty and a barrister at 3PB
In the '80's TV series “The A-Team,” one of the lead characters had a famous catch phrase that sums up how the Miami Dolphins feel about their offseason moves.
“I love it when a plan comes together,” Colonel John “Hannibal” Smith would say when the mission worked out in the A-Team's favor.
The Dolphins' decision-makers could say the same after filling their holes in a manner that allows them to select the best player available in the early rounds of next month's NFL draft, which was executive VP Mike Tannenbaum's plan all along.
After purging Mario Williams and Earl Mitchell, two expensive starting defensive linemen who sparingly contributed last season, the Dolphins extended Cameron Wake's contract a year and re-signed fellow defensive end Andre Branch to a three-year, $24 million deal.
The Dolphins also traded for William Hayes, a veteran run-stuffing defensive end who can set the edge better than Wake and Branch, and they re-signed Nick Williams to play defensive tackle.
Miami signed veteran inside linebacker Lawrence Timmons to a two-year, $12 million deal, which should help the Dolphins stop the run better than they did last year. Timmons' physical presence (an average of 98 tackles over their 10 year career) will likely allow Kiko Alonso, who received a first-round tender worth $3.8 million, a chance to move to what team insiders believe is their more natural spot, weakside linebacker.
The Sun Sentinel's Omar Kelly takes a look at where the Miami Dolphins' depth chart stands after the first week of NFL free agency. (Omar Kelly) (Omar Kelly)
If Koa Misi remains part of Miami's plans, which isn't certain because of their neck injury and their $4.2 million base salary in 2017, the Dolphins should have a solid trio of starting linebackers. And Neville Hewitt, who contributed 64 tackles and one sack in limitation action their second season, is worthy of a continued investment.
The Dolphins also signed safety Nate Allen to a one-year deal worth $3.4 million and placed a tender worth $1.8 million to retain veteran safety Michael Thomas, a team captain. Both should ease the loss of Isa Abdul-Quddus, last year's starting free safety, who suffered a potential career-ending neck/shoulder injury last season and was waived last week.
Allen could be Reshad Jones' ninth starting safety partner, but Jones has time to figure things out considering Miami extended their contract another five years through 2021, locking up the team's top defensive playmaker with a $60 million deal.
While the Dolphins would benefit from some youngsters at defensive end, defensive tackle, linebacker and safety, they don't have to force the issue by drafting for need on defense.
See who draft analysts have the Miami Dolphins taking with the 22nd pick in the 2017 NFL Draft on April 27. (Keven Lerner) (Keven Lerner)
The same can be said on offense, where the Dolphins re-signed Kenny Stills, allowing a passing game that ranked sixth in the NFL in net yards per pass in 2016 to pick up where it left off.
Miami gave Stills, the team's touchdown leader from last season, a four-year, $32 million deal. Retaining Stills means quarterback Ryan Tannehill will have their top three receivers returning.
Tannehill is also getting a few new toys in tight ends Julius Thomas, who caught 24 touchdown passes in the two seasons they spent with Dolphins coach Adam Gase in Denver, and Anthony Fasano, whom Tannehill threw a team-leading five touchdown passes to in 2012, Tannehill's rookie season.
Dolphins tight end Julius Thomas, acquired in a trade with Jacksonville, is reunited with coach Adam Gase, their offensive coordinator in Denver (2013-14), and he's excited about the opportunity. By the way, if you like the football/basketball versatility of tight ends Antonio Gates, Jimmy Graham or Tony Gonzalez, you'll like Thomas' story. (Chris Perkins, Keven Lerner) (Chris Perkins, Keven Lerner)
The Dolphins believe Thomas' addition will create more mismatches that Tannehill can exploit, and it allows the offense to become more efficient in the red zone, where the Dolphins ranked 15th after turning 55.3 percent of their opportunities inside the 20 into touchdowns. Fasano's in-line blocking should also provide the running game a boost.
The one area on offense that possibly took a step backwards is the line. Miami traded Branden Albert, the team's starting left tackle for the past three years, to the Jaguars for a 2018 seventh-round pick.
The trade allows 2016 top pick Laremy Tunsil, to move from left guard to left tackle, returning to the position they played at Ole Miss. However, it creates a void at guard, where the Dolphins are searching for two starters.
The Dolphins signed Ted Larsen, who has started 65 games in their seven NFL seasons, to a three-year, $5.65 million deals last week, and Jermon Bushrod, who started all 16 games at right guard last season, re-signed Thursday.
Here are five interesting facts about newly-signed Miami Dolphins offensive lineman Ted Larsen. (Keven Lerner) (Keven Lerner)
Larsen, Bushrod, Kraig Urbik and Anthony Steen will likely compete to see which two start on the opposite sides of Pro Bowl center Mike Pouncey.
Tatjana Festerling ist seit Februar Teil des Pegida-Vorstands
31. März 2015,
Eine ehemalige AfD-Funktionärin versucht, der schwächer werdenden Pegida-Bewegung mit Homosexuellenfeindlichkeit wieder auf die Beine zu helfen.
Bei der Demonstration der Pegida-Bewegung am Montag in Dresden hat die ehemalige AfD-Funktionärin Tatjana Festerling Schwulen und Lesben vorgeworfen, die Mehrheit zu terrorisieren. In ihrer Rede beschimpfte sie neben Muslimen und Ausländern auch Homosexuelle: "Wir wollen übrigens auch nicht den Terror der schwul-lesbisch-queren-intersexuellen Minderheit, die unsere Kinder mit ihrem überzogenen Sexualscheiß schon in der Grundschule traumatisieren", erklärte sie vor jubelnden Anhängern. "Wer hat uns überhaupt jemals gefragt, ob es unseren Kindern gut tut, mit sechs Jahren zu lernen, wie sich lesbische Paare befriedigen", so Festerling unter "Widerlich"-Rufen der Teilnehmer.
Ähnliche Argumente werden bei den "Demos für alle" verbreitet, die von der AfD-Europaabgeordneten Beatrix von Storch mitorganisiert werden (queer.de berichtete). Auch hier wird behauptet, dass es zur "Sexualisierung" von Schülern führen werde, wenn die Existenz von Schwulen und Lesben im Unterricht erwähnt wird, wie es etwa die baden-württembergische Landesregierung plant.
Festerling ist mögliche Bürgermeisterkandidatin
Tatjana Festerling gilt als neue Hoffnung der rechtsradikalen Bewegung und wird als Pegida-Bürgermeisterkandidatin in Dresden gehandelt. Sie war zuvor in der AfD Hamburg aktiv, galt aber sogar ihren eigenen Parteifreunden als zu rechts, nachdem sie die Kölner "Hooligans gegen Salafisten"-Demonstration im Oktober 2014 gelobt hatte. Bei dieser Veranstaltung lieferten sich Rechtsextremisten Straßenschlachten mit der Polizei.
Bei ihrer Rede am Montag warnte Festerling die Besucher unter anderem vor Hamburger Verhältnissen, als sie die Hansestadt als "eine der Hochburgen des Minderheitenterrors" beschrieb. Außerdem beschimpfte sie "linksgrüne Spinner"  ein Jargon, der gerne auch von AfD-Politikern gegen Vertreter anderer Parteien und gegen Journalisten benutzt wird.
Die Pegida-Veranstaltungen, die Anfang des Jahres noch 25.000 Demonstranten angelockt hatten, sind inzwischen erheblich geschrumpft. So waren am Montag nach Polizeiangaben nur noch 2.900 Bürger gegen Muslime und andere Minderheiten auf die Straße gegangen. In der Vorwoche waren es noch 5.500. (dk)
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent, BBC News website
The sea lamprey's mouth has garnered it the nickname "vampire fish" A synthetic "chemical sex smell" could help rid North America's Great Lakes of a devastating pest, scientists say. US researchers deployed a laboratory version of a male sea lamprey pheromone to trick ovulating females into swimming upstream into traps. The sea lamprey, sometimes dubbed the "vampire fish", has parasitised native species of the Great Lakes since its accidental introduction in the 1800s. The work is reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The Great Lakes on the US-Canada border support recreational fishing worth billions of dollars a year, which the lampreys would wreck but for a control programme costing about $20m annually. This is thought to be the first time that pheromones have been shown to be the basis of a possible way of controlling animal pests other than insects. "There's been extensive study of pheromones in animals and even in humans," said lead researcher Weiming Li from Michigan State University in East Lansing, US. It was one of the worst things to hit the Great Lakes in the history of European settlement
Marc Gaden "But most researchers have presumed that as animals get more complex, their behaviour is regulated in a more complex way, not by just one pheromone," they told BBC News. Professor Li's team released the synthetic version of a lamprey hormone from a trap placed in a stream where lampreys come to breed. Females scenting it would swim vigorously upstream until they found the source, some becoming trapped in the process. Death wishes The sea lamprey's natural life cycle takes it from birth in a stream to adulthood in the ocean, where it gains its vampirical appellation. Circular jaws lock on to another, larger fish, and a sharp tongue carves through its scales. From then on the lamprey feeds on the blood and body fluids of its temporary host, often killing it in the process. Eventually, the satiated lampreys - both males and females - find a suitable stream to swim up, breed and die. The female lampreys were lured into traps on the stream Unlike salmon, which seek out the stream they were born in, lampreys appear willing to take any stream indicating a suitable breeding place; and perhaps pheromones play a role in identifying streams worth selecting. In their native Atlantic Ocean, their numbers are controlled by predation; but in the Great Lakes they have no predators. They first appeared in the 1800s after completion of the Erie Canal linking the lakes to New York. Colonisation was completed a century later when other canals provided unfettered access to the upper lakes. What followed was decimation of native fish. "It was one of the worst things to hit the Great Lakes in the history of European settlement," said Marc Gaden from the Great Lakes Fishery Commission (GLFC), the body responsible for controlling the lamprey problem. "Before it, we had a thriving fishery largely dependent on native fish such as the lake trout... but by 1940 they had colonised thousands of streams and fishermen were beginning to see the devastation." Getting fresh Many fish can survive only in fresh water or only in the oceans - or, like salmon, have a set migration between the two - but the lamprey appears to have thrived on its move from the saline Atlantic to the fresh environs of the five lakes. Each individual devours a total weight of up to 20kg of trout or other host fish during its parasitic lifetime. The GLFC has established a complex set of control measures, including dusting the streams with pesticides specific to the lamprey, building barriers to block their upstream migration, and releasing sterile males to reduce breeding. "Why we're so enthusiastic about the pheromone work is that we see it as another tool in the arsenal," said Dr Gaden. "We see it as away of tricking these spawning lampreys, and then you can do things to manipulate their behaviour in ways that would work against them - for example you could lure them into streams without suitable spawning habitat, or just into traps." Professor Li's team is now planning a larger experiment, using the pheromone to trap female lampreys in 20 streams feeding into the lakes, which will take three years to complete. Richard.Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By 4 PM Saturday, the Lions have to be down to 53 players on their active roster. Stay tuned here to our Detroit Lions 53 Man Cut Tracker while we update you on the cuts and comment in our Reddit community to let everyone know what you think about these early roster moves.
Friday 8:00 pm – Gabe Ikard cut: Gabe Ikard draws the unfortunate title of being the first cut from the 75 on the way to 53. This was not a very shocking move, as the center was behind two recent third round draft picks and was pretty terrible when on the field. If you want a recap of their time in Detroit check out my training camp evaluation on them from before the preseason.
Saturday 11:47 am – Brandon Thomas and TJ Jones cut: Two big moves to start off the day. Out of nowhere seemingly to start the day TJ Jones is cut after being allowed to rest during game 4 of the preseason, signifying they were seemingly totally safe for this roster. They were consistently rated as the #4 receiver across every roster projection available seen as a break out player this season, illustrating just how startling their early departure is. This bodes extremely well for Andre Roberts position in Detroit who offered much more in the special teams department. They will definitely find work somewhere later today with a WR hungry team.
Brandon Thomas was always a long shot to make the roster coming in late in the process but showed a little bit in that short time. They should make their way to the practice squad where they can be hopefully developed into something in the future. They were a promising player coming out of college so hopefully they can recapture some of that promise in a fresh new environment.
Saturday 12:00 pm – Jace Billingsley cut: The cinderella run is finally over. Billingsley showed a lot of promise late in games but never got opportunities against tougher opponents making their shot of making the roster very difficult. Still a slightly surprising move since he's the second pure slot receiver to be cut today. Who exactly is going to backup the slot? I suspect Bostic will be kept and immediately put on injured reserve, opening a spot to bring back Jones after the 53 is solidified. Expect Billingsley to definitely be on the practice squad if that doesn't happen though.
Saturday 12:15 pm – Khaseem Greene cut: I had Khaseem on the bubble of the roster since that last linebacker spot was somewhat muddied in the last few weeks. In the end the ex-bear didn't do enough to show their worth from the others and suffered some injury troubles in the last meaningful time. Don't think he's practice squad eligible but I could see them catching on somewhere if there's injury troubles as the year goes on.
Saturday 12:50 pm – George Winn cut: Not a very surprising move but at least we're moving along. Winn was a long shot to make the roster heading into the offseason despite their special teams abilities, and then Dwayne Washington came out of nowhere to impress throughout the preseason. Winn should be headed back to the practice squad where they can always come back up and help if any injuries pop up.
Saturday 1:15 pm – Isaiah Johnson cut: Johnson, a fan favourite from last preseason, suffered from several minor injuries which derailed a promising start to camp. In the end they couldn't secure a starting position I believe partially because of this factor and once that happened they just can't match up to the special teams ability or diverse skill set of a Don Carey or Tavon Wilson. I really like the way they play the game and I think the staff feels the same way. I expect them to be a top practice squad contender if someone doesn't nab them on the way there.
Saturday 2:05 pm – Michael Ola cut: In another very surprising move, stand out replacement tackle Michael Ola has been cut. Ola had a very strong camp up until their injury and seemed to be a lock for the swing tackle position. This really makes you think the injury had to be a bigger factor then previously thought, especially when combined with the fact they would be limited to filling in only on the right side due to theirs measurables. This bodes very well for both Corey Robinson and Cornelius Lucas's chances to stick on the roster. We could potentially see Ola hit the practice squad since they are eligible but I doubt they find their way there.
Saturday 2: 58 pm – Jake Rudock cut: This is a shocking move by the Detroit Lions. Rudock looked solid in the preseason, doing better than Dan Orlovsky. Detroit is going to run with two quarterbacks this year. You have got to wonder though if Jake Rudock will be back on the team in the practice squad or if they get picked up by another team.
Saturday 3:00 pm – Adam Fuehne cut: This move isn't much of a shock as Fuehne didn't do much to impress at camp and during the preseason. Detroit does need some tight end help with Pettigrew on PUP and Quarless suspended for the first two weeks of the season. Cole Wick is a name to watch for the rest of the next hour as it will be between them and Charles for the final TE spot.
Saturday 4:20 pm – Roster finalized: Well that was surprising. The Lions came in with 10 cuts to end the day, some expected, some absolutely shocking. There is zero chill in the Bob Quinn era, that is totally clear. Here are the final cuts:
Jayson DiManche: The Lions very recently picked up the linebacker to test them out and see if they were worth keeping around. They did not have much of an opportunity in such a short timespan and they met their end with the team. Hopefully they see work with someone in the coming weeks.
Lemuel Jeanpierre: A little known player thats been backing up the center position for about half the preseason. While they improved slightly throughout camp, passing Ikard on the depth chart, they faced the same issue, being behind Swanson and Glasgow on the depth chart. The Lions weren't going to keep four pure interior backups and with this move Corey Robinson and Cornelius Lucas both have a spot on the team.
Darrin Walls: Darrin Walls was projected to be a solid veteran presence in the secondary that could come off the bench and provide some support if needed. The veteran cornerback did not show much in their time in Detroit and it led to a quick dismissal. At the same time however I still see them finding work somewhere, they were never terrible just unfortunately not good enough to stick around in Detroit.
Quinshad Davis: A great practice squad candidate, Quinshad Davis showcased a great size-speed combination with flashes of exciting ability. However they are definitely not ready for the big time, hence their cut at the 75-man interval and return a few days later. I certainly look forward to seeing what they become in the future because they have great potential.
Zaviar Gooden: Gooden had a similar issue to that of Khaseem Greene, a little bit of injury trouble, a little bit of a stacked competition ahead of them due to draft pick commitments, and a bit of just not performing well enough. They have strong special teams abilities as a backup linebacker and hopefully they catch on somewhere else.
Luke Marquardt: Never projected to make the final roster, Marquardt offered some decent tackle depth to give the roster guys a break during the pre season. Unfortunately they have never lived up to the promise that they showed coming out of college, not being able to transition to the speed of the NFL game. All the best to Luke in finding a new place in the coming weeks.
Charles Washington: A backup DB that bounced around the secondary to try and define a role, Washington was simply too buried on the depth chart to have a realistic chance of making the roster. At 23 he's young enough to keep working and catch on to something else down the road.
Gabe Wright: In a move that wasn't surprising to hear but surprising in context, Gabe Wright was released from the roster. The fourth round pick that Martin Meyhew gave up a third rounder to go and get just a year ago never lived up to anywhere near expectations and is now out of a job. I still see them as a potential practice squad candidate but less of a sure thing then previously thought based upon a stunning move coming up next.
Caraun Reid: In the most surprising move in a day full of surprising moves, Caraun Reid has been released. The 2014 5th round pick had a really solid camp in my opinion, capping it off with a phenomenal 4th game against Buffalo. To see them released after all that is nothing short of stunning. My thought would have to be they gave Stefan Charles such a large guaranteed deal they had to keep them despite their less inspiring play (although they are more of a run stuffer to be fair) and they believed Khyri Thornton had a better camp. Reid should be a very quick pickup off the waiver wire for a lucky team, in many other places they would be the primary backup if not fighting for a starting position. All the best to Caraun going forward.
Jay Lee: A tough roster bubble decision, this move is more surprising not because of who was cut but what position was cut. With Lee's end in Detroit that leaves only four wide receivers on the depth chart, a very surprising turn, which leads me to believe that one will be added shortly once Bostic is moved to the IR. Lee like Davis showed flashes and was a more polished overall product, but offers little to special teams reducing their value as a depth receiver. They should be kept on the practice squad and allowed to develop, hopefully they become something down the road.
Alex Carter: Another surprising bubble move, Alex Carter was a third round pick just a year ago, now he's out of a job. The cornerback simply didn't have everything put together after a year on the injured reserve and has a long way to go if he's ever going to become a starting quality corner in the future. With guys like Dee Miliner and Justin Gilbert, early first rounders being moved on from, the corner position is certainly not as safe as it used to be. They should be available for the practice squad if the Lions want to keep them there and see if they develop into something.
With that here are your 2016 Detroit Lions, for right now anyways:
QB (2): Stafford, Orlovsky
RB(5): Abdullah, Riddick, Zenner, Washington, Burton(FB)
WR(4): M. Jones, Tate, Boldin, Roberts
TE(4): Ebron, Charles, Wick, Quarless(SUSP)
OL(9): Decker, Rieff, Warford, Tomlinson, Swanson, Glasgow, Dahl, Lucas, Robinson
DL(11): Ansah, Taylor, Gillberry, Copeland, Zettel, Hyder, Ngata, Walker, Robinson, Charles, Thornton
LB(6): Levy, Whitehead, Van Noy, Bynes, Williams, Bostic(IR)
S(5): Quinn, Bush, Wilson, Carey, Killebrew
CB(4): Slay, Lawson, Diggs, Bademosi
STs(3): Muhlbach, Prater, Martin
Offense: 24 Defense: 26
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg co-founded Mayors Against Illegal Guns. Mayors: Do gun research right
Major gun control groups and some Democrats want Congress to undo long-standing restrictions on federal funding of gun-related research, saying they have blotted out objective information on a public health priority.
In a forthcoming report shared with POLITICO, Mayors Against Illegal Guns, co-founded by New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, argues that “the federal government has surrendered its leadership over this area of crucial importance to public safety, shutting down firearm-related research in key agencies and all but allowing the gun lobby to shape our collective knowledge about gun violence.” Both the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and later the National Institutes of Health have faced restrictions on gun-related research.
Story Continued Below
Top Bloomberg advisers met last week with Vice President Joe Biden's working group on a legislative response to the Newtown, Conn., massacre, and made familiar recommendations, such as banning military-style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines, requiring mandatory background checks for all gun buyers and making gun trafficking a federal crime, said Mark Glaze, director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns.
But the group is also urging the administration to do away with the “Tiahrt amendments,” named after former Rep. Todd Tiahrt (R-Kan.). They were the original sponsor of what became a raft of riders on budget bills that restrict the collection and distribution of crime-gun data by Department of Justice agencies including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. And the group opposes restrictions that have effectively shut off most firearms research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention since the mid-1990s.
How hard pro-gun legislators would push back against lifting the research and data-gathering restrictions is not clear. Several Republican members of Congress contacted for this story either declined to comment or did not respond. The National Rifle Association would not respond to requests for comment, but NRA officials in the past have blasted federally funded gun research as poorly done and biased in favor of greater gun control.
Chris Crawford, a spokesperson for Rep. Jack Kingston (R-Ga.), incoming chairperson of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health, and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, said it is too early to say what would be included in any appropriations bill but that Kingston believes “that gun control can and should be part of the discussion and that it must also include mental health, the impact of the media and a whole host of factors which could have played a role. We expect those issues that fall within the subcommittee's jurisdiction to be discussed at our hearings in the coming months.”
The fight over the research dates back to 1996, when, after an NRA campaign against CDC gun-related activities, the House cut the agency's budget by the exact amount spent on firearms-related research the prior year — $2.6 million. The law explicitly forbade the agency from using funds to advocate or promote gun control, according to the mayors group's report.
While the provision was not strictly a prohibition on gun-related research, the effect was much the same.
The CDC took notice, and over the next 15 years, funding for firearms-related research dropped 95 percent to about $100,000 in 2012, the report states.
James Mercy, a long-standing researcher at the CDC, told the mayors group that “[p]eople within the Division of Violence Prevention and the Injury Center and among CDC leadership broadly understand that being too out-front on firearm injuries increases the threat to our budget — our budget on violence, our budget on injury and the budget of the CDC more broadly.”
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un at a meeting in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA), September 4, 2017. KCNA via REUTERS
North Korea has previously threatened to detonate a nuclear bomb above ground and has now repeated that threat and demanded the US take it "literally," according to CNN's Will Ripley.
Ripley quoted a senior North Korean official as saying its threat to conduct the "strongest hydrogen bomb test over the Pacific Ocean" should be taken at face value.
Experts assessed this threat to mean that North Korea would fire a missile with a live nuclear bomb over the Pacific and detonate in the atmosphere above the ocean.
Kim Jong-un watches the launch of a Hwasong-12 missile in an undated photo released by KCNA. KCNA via REUTERS
Such a test could have potentially devastating nuclear and political fallout, possibly killing civilians, poisoning waters, or even knocking out electrical infrastructure.
"If North Korea does do an atmospheric test, it really does change the game," Jenny Town, the assistant director of the US-Korea Institute and a managing editor at 38 North, previously told Business Insider.
An atmospheric test could be so dangerous and provocative, it may even prompt the US to preemptively strike to prevent such a test.
Bonnie Glaser, director of the China Power Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, previously told Business Insider that an atmospheric test may elicit a kinetic US response.
"If North Korea has a ballistic missile on a launchpad that we think is armed with a nuclear warhead," then the US could seek to eliminate that one single missile, Glaser said.
"But even a strike on a missile on a launchpad could result in retaliation."
AFP
Web browser Opera has launched a Virtual Private Network service built in to the latest version of its desktop app.
Once activated, the Opera VPN establishes a secure encrypted connection with one of five Opera servers around the world.
"We know that people are concerned about their privacy online and that the interest for VPN is increasing," said Krystian Kolondra, SVP of Opera browser for computers.
"However, two major obstacles are blocking people from using it: VPNs are too complicated to use, and they require a monthly subscription. Opera resolves both issues by introducing its free and easy-to-use service right into the browser."
Secure 256-bit AES encryption, run in conjunction with Opera subsidiary SurfEasy, is a no-log service, meaning that neither of the partners store information about a user's browsing history, the company says.
Users can choose between routing their browser traffic between Germany, the Netherlands, Singapore, Canada and the United States, or they can opt to let Opera choose a location for them.
Additional enhancements to video pop-outs, the built-in newsreader, a battery saving mode, and Chromecast support were also implemented in Opera 40.
A video tutorial accompanies the announcement, with Opera 40 available from opera.com/computer.
Ethics is a cornerstone of science, informing everything from how we design our experiments to what we do with the resulting data. Given the diverse nature of the research results published in PLOS ONE, no short and simple set of ethical guidelines can cover every situation. Thus, it is important for the journal to adapt and expand its ethical standards as the journal itself expands.
The field of paleontology, by its very nature, presents some special situations in ethics. Although the fossil subjects are long-dead, rendering matters of patient consent or laboratory animal care non-existent, other complicated concerns ranging from legalities to reproducibility must be taken into account. Any journal that hopes to be a major player in the study of fossils must confront these issues head-on.
As the volunteer section editor for paleontology at PLOS ONE, I am thrilled by the growth in the number of high-quality publications related to my field. I also want to make sure that all of these papers are held to the highest ethical standards, and many of my colleagues and I felt it was important to provide explicit ethical guidelines focused on paleontology. After extensive and thoughtful discussion with the journal's internal editors and other interested parties, I am happy to announce that a specific set of editorial standards for paleontology submissions is now in place.
Critically, reproducible research in paleontology requires a long-term guarantee of accessibility and safety for fossils. This means that all fossils should be deposited in a permanent repository, such as a museum or university collection. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee that collections owned by private individuals—no matter how noble their intentions—will be accessible in the long-term. In one notable recent case, the family of a fossil enthusiast sold off the bulk of their scientifically important collection after they died. Some of the specimens had even been published in the peer-reviewed literature, but there is now little guarantee that any of those fossils will be accessible in fifty years, or even five. Moreover, not everything that calls itself a museum is a permanent collection; some are little more than showroom floors for a commercial fossil business. Some of these fossils do end up in permanent museum collections, but until this happens, it is extremely hazardous to publish on the specimens. Reproducibility and accessibility are key, as reflected in the new policies.
Ethical consideration is also critical for fossil collection in the field. Stories abound of skeletons in the Gobi Desert being looted for the most marketable parts (such as skulls or claws), which then end up for auction in Europe or North America. In fact, one recent PLOS ONE paper discussed dinosaur skin impressions salvaged from the mess left by fossil poachers who carted off more enticing pieces. Legal loopholes often mean that the specimens can then be traded or sold elsewhere, often accompanied by official-looking paperwork that purports to legitimize the original export. This horrible practice drains the world of its historical heritage and destroys scientific information. Thus, the new ethics policy explicitly prohibits publication of specimens that were obtained without permission or legal export.
This is a great day for paleontology at PLOS ONE, helping to ensure the journal's future as a trustworthy publication with the highest ethical standards. I challenge everyone—authors, editors, readers, and reviewers—to carry the torch forward into a better world.
About the Author: Dr. Andrew Farke is a vertebrate paleontologist and an academic editor at PLOS ONE. Andy also has their own blog, The Open Source Paleontologist, and can be found on Twitter @andyfarke.
Image: The fossil reptile Captorhinus (collection of Raymond M. Alf Museum of Paleontology)
Improved power efficiency - HelioSeal Technology delivers lower power with an increase in capacity. Power efficiency (watts/TB) during operation is improved up to 26 percent over the WD Gold 8 TB drive.
Better performance - Up to 21 percent sequential performance improvement over WD Gold 8 TB datacenter drives
High reliability - WD Gold drives incorporate best-of-breed design, manufacturing and test processes to achieve one of the highest reliability ratings in the industry - 2.5 million hours MTBF (8 TB and 10 TB offerings)
Dedicated Premium Support Line - Western Digital offers a 24/7 premium support line for WD Gold drive customers and can be reached at U.S.: (855) 559-3733; International: +80055593733.
Western Digital Corporation, a world leader in storage solutions, today announced a new, high-capacity configuration of up to 10TB for its award-winning WD Gold datacenter hard drives. Designed for modern enterprise storage systems, WD Gold 10 TB datacenter hard drives feature HelioSeal helium-technology for high capacity, power efficient storage for datacenter environments.WD Gold datacenter hard drives are designed for a broad range of applications - including small- to medium-scale enterprise servers and storage, and rack-mount datacenter servers and storage enclosures. WD Gold 10 TB datacenter hard drives feature an optimized design over the existing WD Gold 8 TB drives that helps reduce TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) of servers and storage systems through an 8 percent operating power reduction while delivering 25 percent more capacity. This benefits IT administrators challenged with keeping up with growing storage demands on limited budgets."It is Western Digital's ongoing goal to provide superior reliability and compelling value to our enterprise customers," said Brendan Collins, vice president of product marketing, Western Digital. "WD Gold drives are a key component of the overall WD portfolio, providing power efficient, capacity-optimized storage for a wide range of high workload applications. The new 10 TB capacity enables customers to efficiently deploy higher density storage solutions."WD Gold 10 TB datacenter hard drives provide:WD Gold 10 TB hard drives (model number WD101KRYZ) are currently available at select U.S. distributors, resellers and through the WD Store.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
Stratobitz
Offline
Activity: 924
Merit: 1010
Contact Through PM or Email or on Twitter!
LegendaryActivity: 924Merit: 1010Contact Through PM or Email or on Twitter! Re: [ANN] BlackCoin (BC) | on exchanges | PoS | No premine April 17, 2014, 05:11:41 PM #20348 Here's the truth. There is so much action with this coin right now. Yes whales dumped, but that isn't what caused the crash to 14. It was panic. All the small time traders bailed out also.
Yes there are whales sitting and watching, but they know this coin is going to do nothing but inch higher and higher in the coming days
We will see 40s, 50s, 60s, I wouldn't be shocked if it hits 100. The whales want to cash out and start the dump as HIGH as possible. The buy orders right now are too thin.
I would get cautious once we enter 65-70 territory. But just keep an eye on the buy orders. That is what whales need to sell. Large buys ON the books. That doesn't exist now. It's just bouncing a bit... Slowly up.
Still looks like a buy to me. . S T R A T O B I T Z' S . MINING EQUIPMENT - PSU's GPU's & MORE
W I N T E R S U P E R S A L E! PSU / GPU / MINING EQUIP ON SALE NOW!
..... View Inventory Here: Strato's 'Bitcointalk Forum Marketplace' Thread h
Stratobitz
Offline
Activity: 924
Merit: 1010
Contact Through PM or Email or on Twitter!
LegendaryActivity: 924Merit: 1010Contact Through PM or Email or on Twitter! Re: [ANN] BlackCoin (BC) | on exchanges | PoS | No premine April 17, 2014, 05:16:45 PM #20352 Quote from: Stratobitz on April 17, 2014, 05:11:41 PM Here's the truth. There is so much action with this coin right now. Yes whales dumped, but that isn't what caused the crash to 14. It was panic. All the small time traders bailed out also.
Yes there are whales sitting and watching, but they know this coin is going to do nothing but inch higher and higher in the coming days
We will see 40s, 50s, 60s, I wouldn't be shocked if it hits 100. The whales want to cash out and start the dump as HIGH as possible. The buy orders right now are too thin.
I would get cautious once we enter 65-70 territory. But just keep an eye on the buy orders. That is what whales need to sell. Large buys ON the books. That doesn't exist now. It's just bouncing a bit... Slowly up.
Still looks like a buy to me.
Just to reiterate. A 150 BTC sell off of BC would shoot this coin into the teens. A big dump is not going to happen anytime soon. There's 4000 BTC volume a day alone why would a large BC holder do that. When the opportunity exists to sell 500 BTC and stay above 30, that my friend is when you want to watch out.
Whales aren't stupid. They pay close attention to "what is possible" and right now a big dump would be a dumb move considering the momentum of this coin, the fact the orders are not there to sell to, and the low risk they possess with so many coins. Just to reiterate. A 150 BTC sell off of BC would shoot this coin into the teens. A big dump is not going to happen anytime soon. There's 4000 BTC volume a day alone why would a large BC holder do that. When the opportunity exists to sell 500 BTC and stay above 30, that my friend is when you want to watch out.Whales aren't stupid. They pay close attention to "what is possible" and right now a big dump would be a dumb move considering the momentum of this coin, the fact the orders are not there to sell to, and the low risk they possess with so many coins. . S T R A T O B I T Z' S . MINING EQUIPMENT - PSU's GPU's & MORE
W I N T E R S U P E R S A L E! PSU / GPU / MINING EQUIP ON SALE NOW!
..... View Inventory Here: Strato's 'Bitcointalk Forum Marketplace' Thread h
From first timers such as motorcycle maker Hero Group to established players such as the Tata's, India's private firms now wants a slice of the country's defence sector pie.
Much of that has to do with prime minister Narendra Modi's plans to transform India—from its current position as the world's largest importer of military equipment—into a manufacturing powerhouse as the country's defence spending is expected to swell to $620 billion (Rs38 lakh crore) by 2022.
And with foreign direct investment in the defence industry revised to 49%, the Indian private sector is also scouting for foreign partners with $130 billion of military contracts up for grabs in the next few years.
These seven firms are emerging as the frontrunners, as India finally looks to build it domestic defence manufacturing prowess.
Tata Group
The Tata's have partnered with India's armed forces for over half a century. And after building everything from army vehicles to missile components in group companies like Tata Motors and Tata Advanced Systems, the conglomerate is now out looking for new partners to execute new projects.
In September 2014, Tata Power SED tied up with Honeywell International to build defence navigators. A month later, Tata Advanced Systems announced a partnership with Airbus to build 56 aircraft for the Indian Air Force.
Tata group companies in defence and aerospace businesses currently have an order book of Rs10,000 crore ($1.6 billion).
Mahindra Group
The group's ride in the automotive sector began with a license to assemble the Willys jeep, a rugged vehicle that became a legend of sorts during the Second World War. That later turned into a long-term relationship with the Indian army as a supplier of trucks, armoured vehicles and other equipment.
The group has now created two verticals under the defence divisions to focus on land defence and naval defence. Last year, the $16.5 billion group opened a new underwater system and naval applications manufacturing facility in Pune, which will produce torpedo launchers and radars.
It is reportedly also in the fray to buy Gujarat-based Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering Company, among the country's biggest private sector shipyards that builds vessels for the Indian navy.
Hero Group
After starting out as a manufacturer of bicycle components and becoming the world's largest two wheeler company, the Hero group is making big plans for the defence industry.
On Feb. 18, the Munjal family—promoters of the $5 billion Hero group—sold a 4% stake in the company for Rs1,870 crore ($300 million) to reportedly raise money for investing in the defence sector. Some of that money might go towards purchasing Pipavav Defence; it is competing with the Mahindra Group to buy the shipyard.
Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group
Formed out of the division of the Reliance group founded by Dhirubhai Ambani, the $28 billion conglomerate—with interests in power and telecom—announced its foray into the defence sector on Feb. 12. It plans to set up a defence smart city to import components, systems and subsystems and later export finished products.
The company has also set up a subsidiary, Reliance Defence and Aerospace, which will bid for 387 Army reconnaissance and surveillance helicopters and 100 Naval utility helicopters, together valued at Rs25,000 crore ($4 billion).
Reliance Industries
Reliance Industries—India's largest private firm, promoted by the country's richest man Mukesh Ambani—is present in all the critical sectors of the Indian economy. After establishing interests in everything from petroleum, retail, natural gas, telecom and media to healthcare and pharmaceuticals, Reliance has been attempted to make inroads into defence for a while.
In 2012, it partnered with Boeing to help build P8I naval reconnaissance aircraft for the Indian Navy. A year later, Reliance also signed a deal to supply components for Dassault aviation, which plans to build medium multi role combat aircraft (MMRCA) for the Indian Air Force. But that landmark $20 billion MMCRA deal is still hanging fire.
Bharat Forge
The $2.5 billion Kalyani Group, of which Bharat Forge is the flagship company, announced a partnership with Israel's Rafael on Feb. 19. The 51:49 joint venture, where Kalyani will hold majority stake, will make Spike anti-tank guided missiles for the Indian armed forces.
Earlier this year, the company also announced its plan to set up a Rs600 crore ($100 million) defence manufacturing facility in Gujarat, and is in talks with the Indian army to test its ultra light gun and artillery guns. The group's relationship with India's armed forced started in the 1980's but was strengthened when it was roped in to build shells on for the Bofors gun on an emergency basis during the Kargil conflict in 1999.
Hinduja Group
The $25 billion London-based Hinduja group, makers of Ashok Leyland buses and trucks, has had an eventful relationship with India's defence sector. In 1991, three promoters of the company were accused of corruption in the Bofors arms deal scandal.
That chequered history notwithstanding, it has already committed $10 billion of investments in India across sectors and last year partnered with Larsen & Toubro for the mounted guns artillery program of the Indian navy. In 2008, the group also set up Ashok Leyland Defence Systems, which manufactures armoured vehicles for the armed forces.
OTTAWA — Federal Health Minister Jane Philpott concedes it was “inappropriate” to spend $1,700 on a car service to drive them around the Greater Toronto Area for a day, and says it is not something they will do again.
Philpott attended three events on March 31, travelling from their home in the federal riding of Markham-Stouffville to Hamilton, from Hamilton to Toronto, and back to their riding again to attend a gala.
It was a busy day that also included $211 in airfare, according to publicly available travel expense reports.
Philpott travelled to Hamilton that day to announce roughly $20 million in funding for chronic disease research at McMaster University.
In Toronto, they participated in an announcement by the Canadian Foundation for Healthcare Improvement and the Canadian Frailty Network that Mount Sinai Hospital's elder health-care strategy would be extended to 18 other facilities.
The day ended at a James Bond-themed gala at the Angus Glen Golf Club in support of the Evergreen Hospice in Stouffville.
The bill for ground transportation amounted to $1,709, including a $223 gratuity, all charged to Philpott's Health Canada account.
That amount, which covered a full day's worth of service, was paid to Executive Sedan Livery Service Inc., a Toronto-based limousine company. Its owner, Reza Shirani, was a volunteer on Philpott's electoral campaign last year.
Them office has since revealed even higher expenses paid to the same car service, including a $1,994 bill for a car on the day the minister spoke at a July gathering of the Assembly of First Nations in Niagara Falls.
The minister also paid the company $3,814 for 20 trips to Toronto's Pearson Airport before flying to Ottawa for ministerial business.
Shirani told the National Post they are a member of the Liberal Party and has previously canvassed for other candidates as well as Philpott.
“I volunteer for everybody,” they said. “Any Liberal.”
The services for Philpott were booked “way after I was volunteering for their campaign,” Shirani said, adding the two don't have a special relationship.
However, Philpott's office admitted the minister was aware of the connection when they used the service.
Philpott offered a written response to the National Post late Wednesday afternoon concerning the $1,700 bill from March 31: “The cost incurred for travel in the GTA was too high and is something I find inappropriate, and I have already taken steps to prevent this from occurring in the future.”
While Philpott's office said the minister won't use the limo service again, it stopped short of saying they would repay the money, as demanded by the Tories, noting the transportation was for legitimate business.
According to public disclosures, two staff members accompanied Philpott to their meetings March 31. Them director of communications, David Clements, expensed $865 that day, almost $600 of it on airfare, while chief of staff Genevieve Hinse spent $1,120, including $1,032 on flights.
In an answer to a June order paper question tabled in the House of Commons on limousine rentals, Health Canada said the minister “did not use rented limousines while on official business” between their appointment and April 22 of this year.
While the company bills itself as a limousine provider, it also rents out other types of vehicles, which could explain the discrepancy.
“Nobody's suggesting a minister doesn't need ground transportation,” tweeted Canadian Taxpayers Federation president Aaron Wudrick Wednesday. “But $1,700 for one day in the GTA? How is that reasonable?”
It looks “bad,” Wudrick suggested, that the minister paid for services from someone who had gone door-to-door for them during the election campaign.
“She should have spent $150 on a car rental and had one of their hundreds of staff drive them There's no excuse,” Conservative MP Michelle Rempel said in a tweet.
“I don't agree with the Health min on everything, but she's been solid,” Rempel continued. “Hopefully they apologize / personally reimburses.”
Philpott is well-regarded on Parliament Hill, across party lines. While it's not unusual for cabinet ministers to spend significant amounts on transportation, especially when events are scheduled closely together, natural resources minister Jim Carr drew fire for spending almost $1,800 on a February outing to a Winnipeg Jets hockey game, according to media reports from July, $525 of which went towards a one-kilometre limousine ride for a group of visiting energy ministers and ambassadors.
With files from The Canadian Press
Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: mariedanielles
Washington (CNN) Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign apologized to a group of pro-Palestinian student activists who were booted from a campaign rally in Boston and threatened with arrest.
The activists, members of Boston Students for Justice in Palestine, showed up at the Saturday rally with a large banner asking "Will ya #Feel the Bern 4 Palestine??!" before a campaign staffer asked them to either leave the event or put the sign away. A police officer then told the students to leave or they would be arrested.
The students posted video of the interaction online.
Sanders' spokesperson Michael Briggs confirmed the incident Tuesday and said campaign manager Jeff Weaver called the activists "and apologized to them."
"They shouldn't have been excluded," Briggs said. "It was an overreaction by an over-eager staffer who didn't show good judgment."
Read More
A deadly gun accident at a Clairemont home has devastated two families. The home where it happened also housed the Orr Family Daycare. Around 1 a.m. Sunday, a male family member was showing a gun to their longtime friend; the gun dropped and discharged, killing 21-year-old Michael Nugent. NBC 7's Todd Strain has more. (Published Monday, Nov. 18, 2013)
San Diego police are investigating the shooting of a man inside a Clairemont home used as a daycare.
Michael Nugent, 21, died from a chest wound they suffered when their best friend's gun dropped to the ground and fired, officials said.
San Diego police officers were called to the home on Gallatin Way around 1 a.m. Sunday.
Sharon Orr owns the home and the daycare and described Nugent as a longtime family friend.
Guns Seized from Scene of Shooting
San Diego police investigators seized at least five firearms from the home of what may be an accidental shooting in Clairemont. NBC 7's Brandi Powell reports. (Published Monday, Nov. 18, 2013)
“We are devastated,” Orr said.
Orr's son was with their friend when the gun fired.
Paramedics found Nugent lying on a house's front lawn and rushed them to a local hospital, said Lieutenant Mike Hastings.
They were later pronounced dead.
Investigators confiscated several firearms from the home. During the week, the Orr Family Daycare operates out of the home.
Orr said the guns were registered and kept far from the children who they supervised in the at-home daycare.
“The guns were in a $600 safe upstairs. The guns were never out of the safe during daycare hours and the children didn't go upstairs,” they said.
About their daycare, Orr said, “been doing this for 27 years, it's my life” and then began crying.
Clarence Allen has lived next door to the family for almost 50 years.
“They're a great family. The boys have never been in trouble,” Allen said referring to Orr's family.
"It's a tragedy that it happened to the other boy because they were best friends,” Allen said.
If you have information about the incident, call San Diego Police's Homicide Unit at 619-531-2293 or Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477.
More Stories from NBC 7:
Alberta Environment Minister Shannon Phillips
Recently , there have been many vocal members from Alberta's NDP who have called for Wildrose party's Electricity and Renewables critic, Don MacIntyre, to be sacked for doubting human's effect on climate change. The NDP firmly believe that the science behind climate change is settled, and it is solely human-caused. Unfortunately for the NDP, their stubborn position places them at odds with the overwhelming majority of Albertans.
According to a survey conducted by Yale University in February of last year, only a meager 28% of Albertans think that the Earth is getting warmer mostly because of human activities. In fact, only in Quebec do the majority of citizens agree that humans are the primary cause of climate change.
2/3rds of Albertans agree that the earth is getting warmer, however, the central viewpoint of Alberta's NDP is that humans are the primary driver of global warming – an assertion reinforced by Premier Notley when they boldly proclaimed during the climate change review panel conference: “Climate change is real: it is caused by human activity.”
According to the vast majority Albertans, the science behind climate change is not settled–at least based on the NDP's belief. If anything, the telling survey suggests the province should re-open (if it ever was open) the debate on humans' effect on climate change.
Poor Google. Every time it unveils a new Chromebook, like the $249 version announced on Thursday, the company gets confronted with critics who think the concept has no business existing.
Poor Google. Every time it unveils a new Chromebook, like the $249 version announced on Thursday, the company gets confronted with critics who think the concept has no business existing.
You can't blame people for being skeptical. The new Samsung Chromebook, like all its predecessors, is little more than a Chrome web browser running on a laptop. It raises questions about why anyone wouldn't prefer a more full-featured laptop instead, and one that isn't as crippled without an Internet connection.
I've made the case for the Chromebook once before, when I reviewed Samsung's Series 5 550 in June. My argument was that Chromebooks strip away the baggage of other laptops, things like long start-up times, viruses and extraneous keyboard keys. Trimming the fat allowed the Series 5 550 to focus on things like slim design, a solid keyboard and trackpad at a low price. If you spend most of your time on the web, it was a fine choice for a secondary computing device.
The problem with my argument then was that it didn't address tablets. Devices like Apple's iPad and Google's Nexus 7 also ditch the baggage of traditional laptops. They are thinner, lighter and often cheaper. They're mostly safe from viruses, and they resume from standby in a snap.
With the cheapest Chromebook now less expensive than many tablets, the relevance of Google's browser-based laptops is worth revisiting. I still think there's value in the Chromebook, because unlike inexpensive tablets, it's still capable of providing the experience of a desktop browser.
I know, I know. Mobile is the future of everything, right? But in the present day, sometimes the mobile-optimized, appified version of what you're trying to do just isn't good enough. When that happens, you need a laptop browser, and you want it to be up and running right away. I can think of a few personal examples:
Gmail is better on a laptop. You can see more messages at a time, use search filters and type faster on a real keyboard.
Tab management is easier on a laptop. If you're the type that likes to sort tabs into windows, or juggle more than a few tabs a a time, a tablet or smartphone browser won't cut it.
Blogging is better on a laptop, especially if you're looking for links to copy and paste. I know there are apps like Blogsy that address the need to browse and blog at the same time, but nothing works as well for me as a full-featured browser.
Those aren't the only examples, just my favorite ones. And maybe I'm an anomaly but I don't always want to boot up my work PC just to use its web browser.
Maybe some day better apps and websites will eliminate Chromebook's usefulness. In that sense, it's funny to think that a supposedly futuristic concept–that of the entirely web-based computer–risks obsolescence. But for now, a full-featured web browser inside a $250 laptop makes a lot of sense.
Transistors are everywhere—in your computer, car, phone, and refrigerator—but they're not shrinking fast enough to satisfy our hunger for ever-faster devices. A new kind of light-based transistor might just fix that.
At its most straightforward, a transistor—or field effect transistor, to give the microscopic device found in all your electronics its proper name—is just a tiny switch. It has three terminals: a source, a drain, and a gate. By varying the voltage (or the field) at the gate, it's possible to control the current that flows from the source to the drain. Simple. Throw enough together, and you can create complex circuits to carry out logical operations—like a computer chip.
Advertisement
But making these transistors smaller is tough. They already measure just nanometers in size, made of ultra-thin layers of silicon that is scattered—the technical term is doped—with other atoms to imbue them with their switching abilities. But as they're made smaller, it's harder to control how the atoms are added, and that can result in an unpredictable switch. Which is bad when you want something to work reliably.
Now though, as Technology Review reports, a team of researchers from the University of North Carolina in Charlotte has developed a new kind of transistor that controls the flowing current with light. Think of it as a smart microscopic wire: When it's illuminated it allows electrons to flow, when it's dark nothing passes through. While that alone may not sound too useful, the team points out that the devices can be made smaller than field effect transistors because they don't require doping in the same way. In turn, that should allow more to be squeezed into the same space, allowing speeds to increase in a a way that satisfies our thirst.
Advertisement
A schematic of a field effect transistor on the left, and the new light-based transistor on the right.
The science behind the transistor itself is pretty simple. Materials have been known to be photoconductive—that is, conduct more or less electricity depending on their illumination— for a while now. What the team has done is create a device that uses a ribbon of such a material—in this case cadmium and selenium—that's just a couple of atoms thick. In tests where the illumination was controlled using laser beams, the team has found that they conduct around a million times more current when on than off, which is broadly comparable to regular transistors. The research is published on arXiv.
That all sounds too good to be true—and for now it is, because there are some major hurdles to overcome before light-based transistors can be used in anger. There are decades of engineering work applied to building large grids of conventional transistors and the electronic networks required to switch them. Swapping to a light-based control system is relatively unexplored, with plenty of questions: How do you send light to each transistor? How much power will that use? How fast can the switches be flicked on and off?
Advertisement
There might not be many answers right now, but we sure look forward to hearing about them in the future.
[arxiv via Technology Review]
Top image by Filipchuk Oleg/Shutterstock. Middle image by University of North Carolina in Charlotte.
Solicitors and barristers across England and Wales to take direct action for second time next month over £220m cuts
Criminal lawyers are to escalate their protest against cuts to legal aid and stage a full-day walkout from trials across England and Wales next month. Solicitors and barristers are expected to withdraw from criminal cases in magistrates and crown courts on Friday 7 March. It is the profession's second co-ordinated direct action; last month they refused to attend hearings for a morning.
Lawyers have been careful to avoid describing the action as a strike because that would raise complex questions over their contractual obligations to the Legal Aid Agency.
The walkout is in protest at the decision by the justice secretary, Chris Grayling, to make savings of £220m from the annual criminal legal aid budget. Some fees will be cut by up to 30%.
There is mounting resentment among criminal lawyers at the Ministry of Justice's policies. The lawyers say they have endured successive reductions in legal aid since 1997 which already amount to cuts of 40% in fees for criminal cases.
The decision to scale up the protests was taken by criminal barristers and solicitors on Tuesday night. Among the organisations who will take part in the action are the Criminal Bar Association (CBA), whose chairperson is Nigel Lithman QC, and the London Criminal Courts Solicitors Association (LCCSA), whose president is Nicola Hill.
Earlier in the day, solicitors from legal bodies held an hour-long meeting with Grayling, hosted by the Law Society, in an attempt to persuade the justice secretary to revise their plans.
The choice of a Friday for a walkout, when courts are sometimes quieter, suggests that barristers and solicitors are trying to avoid inflicting maximum disruption on the criminal justice system. The advance notice is likely to mean that many cases will be rescheduled.
The MoJ argues that many barristers earn six-figure salaries. Barristers, however, point out that an income of £100,000 translates into a salary equivalent of about £50,000 after chambers fees, VAT, travel expenses and other costs have been deducted.
The department is due to give its final response to its consultation on cutting legal aid later this month. It maintains that Britain has one of the most expensive legal aid systems in the world and that savings are required to meet spending commitments.
Canada's predicted export turnaround has been delayed – again.
Export Development Canada has slashed its forecast of goods exports this year to 2 per cent, down from a previous estimate of 7 per cent.
A cluster of Canadian sectors is likely to do very well this year, including autos, consumer goods, aerospace and machinery-and-equipment, according to a twice-yearly forecast by EDC, the federal government's export lender.
Story continues below advertisement
But that strength is being offset by a commodities price collapse that is proving to be unexpectedly deep and prolonged, EDC chief economist Peter Hall said.
"What's surprising is the extent of the volatility, the extent of the commodities price plunge, and the reactions in the marketplace to the [U.S. Federal Reserve Board] finally moving to raise rates," Mr. Hall pointed out.
They insisted that the export recovery is coming, but it's been delayed. EDC is calling for 6-per-cent export growth in 2017.
"Perhaps more slowly than in the past, but growth is catching on," they said. "Now is pretty close to the time our leading indicators would tell us growth is about to kick in."
The EDC's weaker export outlook is in line with that of Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz, who is also cautious about the year ahead. Mr. Poloz has been warning that a long list of obstacles could derail Canada's economic prospects, including a downturn in the global economy, weak business investment and a recent rebound in the Canadian dollar.
Canada's economy continues to show evidence of a split personality.
On the upside, Mr. Hall pointed to strong expected gains this year in exports of autos (up 10 per cent), forestry (up 5 per cent), aerospace (up 13 per cent) and consumer goods (up 14 per cent). All of these sectors are getting a lift from the lower value of the Canadian dollar.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"The weaker Canadian dollar is starting to show in the growth in Canadian exports, particularly the high value-added ones," Mr. Hall said.
But that performance is muted by what's happening in the depressed energy sector, where exports are expected to tumble 14 per cent this year. The EDC's forecast is based on an average price of crude (West Texas intermediate) of $40 (U.S.) this year, $45 in 2017 and $54 in 2018. Exports of fertilizers are also weak, now forecast to fall by 5 per cent this year.
The export sector is vitally important to Canada's fortunes because the domestic economy is showing signs of stress, including an overbuilt housing market and tapped out consumers.
"The domestic economy is fundamentally weak in Canada," Mr. Hall said. "It's going to need the export sector – every bit of growth to keep things going."
Among the other highlights of the EDC forecast:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 30, 2017, 11:32 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 31, 2017, 9:15 PM GMT By Robert Windrem, William M. Arkin, Courtney Kube and Charlene Gubash
In what an official said was the first military raid carried out under President Donald Trump, two Americans were killed in Yemen on Sunday — one a member of SEAL Team 6 and the other the 8-year-old daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, the New Mexico-born al Qaeda leader who themselves was killed in a U.S. strike five years ago.
The raid in southern Yemen, conducted by the supersecret Joint Special Operations Command, was intended to capture valuable intelligence, specifically computer equipment, according to a senior U.S. military official. Three al Qaeda leaders were killed, according to U.S. officials.
Contrary to earlier reporting, the senior military official said, the raid was Trump's first clandestine strike — not a holdover mission approved by President Barack Obama. The mission involved "boots on the ground" at an al Qaeda camp near al Bayda in south central Yemen, the official said.
"Almost everything went wrong," the official said.
An MV-22 Osprey experienced a hard landing near the site, injuring several SEALs, one severely. The tilt-rotor aircraft had to be destroyed. A SEAL was killed during the firefight on the ground, as were some noncombatants, including females.
Nawar Anwar al-Awlaki, 8, was killed in an airstrike in Yemen ordered by President Donald Trump. Yemeni media / via Twitter
Defense Secretary James Mattis had to leave one of Washington's biggest annual social events, the Alfalfa Club Dinner, to deal with the repercussions, according to the official. They did not return.
On Monday, they released a statement identifying the dead SEAL as Chief Petty Officer William "Ryan" Owens and said, "Ryan gave their full measure for our nation, and in performing their duty, they upheld the noblest standard of military service."
The senior military official said the 8-year-old girl, Nawar al-Awlaki, also known as Nora, was among the noncombatants killed in the raid, which also resulted in the death of several Yemeni women. U.S. officials said some of the women who were killed, however, were combatants and had opened fire on the SEALs as they approached the al Qaeda camp.
The girl's grandfather, Nasser al-Awlaki, Yemen's former agriculture minister, told NBC News a different story. They identified their granddaughter as the dead girl from a photo taken at the scene of the raid but based their description on what happened at the camp on conversations with what they characterized as Yemeni sources.
"My granddaughter was staying for a while with their mother, so when the attack came, they were sitting in the house, and a bullet struck them in their neck at 2:30 past midnight. Other children in the same house were killed," al-Awlaki said. They said the girl died two hours after being shot.
"They [the SEALs] entered another house and killed everybody in it, including all the women. They burned the house. There is an assumption there was a woman [in the house] from Saudi Arabia who was with al Qaeda. All we know is that they were a children's teacher."
Al-Awlaki said the girl and their mother had fled the Yemeni capital, Sa'ana, where they live, to escape the heavy shelling.
The child's mother, Anwar al-Awlaki's widow, survived the raid with a minor wound, according to Nasser al-Awlaki. However, Anwar al-Awlaki's brother-in-law was killed in the raid. The death toll varies according to the sourcing, with the Pentagon saying 14 militants died, along with "numerous" civilians. Nasser al-Awlaki said Yemenis were circulating a body count of combatants and civilians as high as 59.
In explaining the attack, the senior U.S. military official told NBC News: "Al Qaeda is probably stronger in Yemen than in any other country. The U.S. has mounted in intense effort for the past three years from ship, air and drone to go after a reconstituting core al Qaeda organization in Yemen."
The raid, said the official, was directed from a U.S. base in Djibouti, across the Gulf of Aden from the southern tip of the Arabian peninsula and the western edge of Yemen. Officially, the United States was searching for "information that will likely provide insight into the planning of future terror plots."
Karen Greenberg, director of Fordham University's Center on National Security, said the girl's death will be a boon to al Qaeda propagandists.
"The perception will be that it's not enough to kill al-Awlaki — that the U.S. had to kill the entire family," they said.
Nawar's father, Anwar al-Awlaki was killed by a drone on Sept. 30, 2011, not far from Sunday's raid. The U.S. Justice Department had approved killing them in a memorandum that was disclosed in 2014. The memo concluded, "We do not believe that al-Awlaki's U.S. citizenship imposes constitutional limitations that would preclude the contemplated lethal action" by the U.S. military or the CIA.
Al-Awlaki, who was born while their father was a graduate student in the United States, moved to Yemen and became a prodigious propagandist who, the United States said in the memo, had played "operational and leadership roles" with al Qaeda and "continues to plot attacks intended to kill Americans."
U.S. intelligence also believed al-Awlaki was a potential successor to Osama Bin Laden, who had been killed six months earlier.
Nawar al-Awlaki is the second of Anwar al-Awlaki's children to be killed by U.S. forces. Two weeks after Anwar was killed in late 2011, their 16-year-old son, Abdulrahman, was also struck in a drone strike. U.S. officials said the younger al-Awlaki was in the wrong place at the wrong time — that they were with their intended target, an al Qaeda leader.
Intentional or not, Greenberg said, the deaths of three al-Awlaki family members will enhance the al Qaeda narrative. They noted that as part of propaganda efforts, terrorist groups have begun to circulate photographs of children reputedly killed by U.S. forces. Photos of Nawar al-Awlaki alive and dead are already circulating widely in Arab media.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released a statement via online jihadi media referring to the raid as a "massacre," said U.S. troops had fired on women and children "in cold blood," and accused the SEALs of having "no human values."
Rima Abdelkader contributed to this report.
What would happen if the GOP dumped Donald Trump?
Top party officials are reportedly exploring options on how to replace the Republican nominee should they exit the race. But suppose, on top of their Gold Star-family insulting, almost-treason encouraging, and baby expelling, Trump were to really cross some line, whatever that might be, and GOP leaders decide they can't support them anymore. Nor do they just want to disown the Republican nominee; suppose they want them off the ballot. Could they do it?
Or, imagine if Trump themselves that sees he's about to get shellacked (by a woman, no less) and to save themselves the humiliation, blames the rigged system and drops out. Again, unlikely—but not impossible to imagine. What then?
I asked Nathaniel Persily, Stanford law professor and a pre-eminent scholar of election law (and, lucky for me, an old friend), what would happen if Trump were to quit, or to be formally dumped by the GOP. Could someone else be the Republican choice for president?
Their answer? “Yes—but it depends on timing.” And there are three sets of rules that affect what would happen next.
1. Party Rules
First, Persily explained, are the party's own rules.
The Republican Party rules states that “the Republican National Committee is hereby authorized and empowered to fill any and all vacancies which may occur by reason of death, declination, or otherwise of the Republican candidate for President of the United States or the Republican candidate for Vice President of the United States.” They could do this by calling a new convention, or, more likely, casting votes remotely.
So in case of a Trump withdrawal, Persily said, “you can either redo the convention or, more likely, the RNC itself would just re-nominate a candidate.”
What about a Trump Dump?
Here, it's uncharted territory, and Persily doesn't think the RNC has much room to maneuver. But notice that weasel-word “otherwise” in the RNC rules. That basically allows the RNC to come up with any reason to declare the spot vacant. For example, they could, following President Obama, deem them unfit for office – as in, mentally unfit. Or they could hold a vote of no confidence. No doubt, if Trump is fighting them, that would be a bumpy road, possibly involving litigation. It might be easier for leaders to endorse Gary Johnson and move on. But because of that word “otherwise,” it's likely within the RNC's power to dump Trump even without their consent. Then they would be able to fill the “vacancy” by majority vote.
Interestingly, that person could be anyone. Mike Pence does not automatically move up the ticket. On the contrary, unless Pence drops out (or is similarly found to be unfit, which seems impossible), they remain the nominee for Vice President, which, after all, is a separate office and a separate nomination. Most likely, the GOP's knight in shining armor, House Speaker Paul Ryan, would be a leading candidate for a last-minute substitution.
So, within the GOP rules, it's not hard to replace Trump if they drop out, and it's not impossible to kick them off the ticket because of the word “otherwise.”
2. State Ballot Rules
Then it gets trickier.
Right now, Donald Trump's name is set to appear on the ballots of 50 states. “So you have questions about ballot access,” Persily said. “There are deadlines in the state laws and that's a state-by-state finding.”
Arkansas and Oklahoma require names to be certified by Aug. 10, for example, North Carolina by Aug. 5. Delaware's ship has already sailed; they require certification the week after the national convention takes place. So in those states, even if the RNC duly voted for their replacement, it would simply be too late to take their name off the ballot.
In other states, though, the RNC has as late as Sept. 21 (Alaska) to replace the names on the ballot. “If it happens in August,” Persily said, “it's not really a big problem.”
In September, if Trump were to quit or get fired, it's possible that their name would be on some state ballots but not on others. And in October, it's too late to take them off the ballot.
Now, just because someone's on the ballot doesn't mean they are necessarily in the running. There have been congressional races in which candidates have died while on the ballot. In New York, for example, veteran Congressman Ted Weiss passed away shortly before the 1992 election. Democrats hastily nominated Assemblyman Jerrold Nadler, and even though voters cast their ballots for Weiss, Nadler received the votes. He's been in Congress ever since.
Presidential elections are different, however, because, as you may recall from the 2000 election, we don't elect our presidents directly. Actually, voters in each state choose electors who formally vote for president in the Electoral College. And so we have to look to a third set of rules.
3. Electoral College Rules
Suppose Trump quits in October. It's too late to modify the ballots, but the RNC hastily meets on Skype and puts Paul Ryan's name in the hat. It's all over the news, and in some states, there could even be notices at polling stations: “Voting for Trump actually means voting for Ryan.” But still, those voters are pulling the lever by Trump's name. What happens now?
The question, Persily explains, is whether state electors are pledged to the individual candidate, or to the party that nominated them or them
“Would Donald Trump's electors be able to vote for someone else in the Electoral College? Most states say yes—you vote for whoever the party has nominated.”
Alabama, Maine, Massachusetts, Mississippi, South Carolina, Vermont, and Wyoming go by candidate. Here's Maine, for example: “The presidential electors at large shall cast their ballots for the presidential and vice-presidential candidates who received the largest number of votes in the State.”
So in those states, if Trump says he's running, and their name is on the ballot, those electors have to vote for Trump. Conceivably, if Trump withdraws of their own accord, courts might rule that Trump wasn't really the “candidate” anymore, even though they were the name on the ballot. But that isn't entirely certain.
More states, though, go by party, including Alaska, California, Connecticut, Florida, Michigan, Montana, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Washington, Wisconsin, as well as the District of Columbia. Hawaii's statute, for example, says that “The electors, when convened, if both candidates are alive, shall vote by ballot for that person for president and that person for vice president of the United States, who are, respectively, the candidates of the political party or group which they represent.”
In those states, the state GOP could well say “As duly confirmed at the RNC meeting, Donald Trump is not the nominee of the Republican Party. Electors must vote for the actual nominee, Paul Ryan.”
In sum, right up until Nov. 7, the Republican Party could dump Trump by declaring them unfit for office, reconvening, and nominating someone else. But it would get messier depending on how long they wait.
If Trump withdraws, there's really no problem, legally speaking, even at the last minute. While their name would be on the ballot, electors would vote for the party's actual nominee, or courts would declare Trump no longer the “candidate.”
All this, of course, is unprecedented. And obviously, the political upheaval would be far more significant than the legal provisions in play. “It's not likely,” Persily says of the legal machinations. “But who thought that Trump was likely?”
Share 0 SHARES
FOLLOWING their victory over Simon Coveney in the Fine Gael leadership contest, Dubliner Leo Varadkar makes history by becoming the first ever Irish leader to be openly and unabashedly classist.
Previous leaders, regardless of party affiliation, had long kept their contempt for those in the lower tax and no tax at all brackets a secret, but Varadkar's admission earlier in their campaign that they didn't care much for people who struggled to make ends meet, represents real progress in Irish society according to political insiders.
“It's great that it's out in the open, we had worked so hard in the past on pretending leaders cared about all Irish people regardless of their class, or circumstance. This is a great leap forward for Ireland into the 21st century,” explained political strategist Noel Dowdally, who has worked for both Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil in the past.
“We'll save a bloody fortune now we don't have to pay marketing companies and speechwriters to conceal contempt for the poor, the working class, the not-quite-middle-class, and they used-to-be-middle-class-before-the-crash,” Dowdally excitedly added.
Varadkar's victory casts Ireland in a positive light in Europe, and the world at large as many Irish people choose to bask in the praise from overseas. In many countries, it is still a taboo for politicians to campaign with an open dislike of people while trumpeting policies that will adversely affect some of the most vulnerable in society.
Following their elevation to leader of Fine Gael, Varadkar is expected to be named Taoiseach in a Dáil vote as Fianna Fáil would never consider plunging the Nation into a snap election amid much uncertainty surrounding Brexit negotiations, all just so they could make an attempt to cynically gain power.
Republicans are scrambling to figure out how to avert a shutdown at the Homeland Security Department while gutting President Obama's immigration actions.
GOP leaders probably won't settle on a path forward until after next week's President's Day recess — right before funding runs out on Feb. 27.
ADVERTISEMENT
The GOP's task has grown more complicated in recent weeks amid renewed threats from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), which Democrats have sought to capitalize upon.
On the Senate floor Monday, Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) brought the terrorism threat front and center, describing in graphic detail how a Jordanian pilot was burned alive for 22 minutes at the hands of ISIS. The group has “bragged” it's coming for America next, Reid said.
“Now, we are 18 days away from having no money for the Department of Homeland Security,” said Reid, who called for the GOP to bring up a “clean” funding stripped of measures attacking Obama's immigration executive actions. “Republicans are hell-bent on playing chicken with our national security.”
The recent terror activity has shifted the media spotlight away from the fight over Obama's unilateral actions shielding up to 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation.
Obama will spark more debate over terrorism beginning Wednesday when they send lawmakers their request to use military force against ISIS. The request will be rigorously debated in a series of hearings on both sides of the Capitol.
The GOP's next step on DHS funding is unclear. During three separate votes last week, Senate Democrats filibustered the House-passed spending bill, objecting to two GOP riders aimed at rolling back Obama's executive actions that make it easier for illegal immigrants to stay in the country.
Republicans in both the House and Senate are now waiting for the other chamber to go first. Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) recently declared: “The House did its work,” adding that it's time for the Senate “to get their act together.”
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) isn't telegraphing their next move. And other GOP senators say the ball now lies in the House's court.
“We are unable to get on this bill to amend it. And a result of that, the House is going to have to send us another bill that we can get on,” said Sen. Jim Risch (R-Idaho).
As the end-of-the-month deadline looms, options to fund the agency are becoming increasingly limited:
· Republicans could abandon their efforts to use the DHS funding bill as the vehicle to torpedo Obama's immigration actions, and instead turn to the court system. Some GOP aides point out that the underlying $40 billion bill, authored by Rep. John Carter (R-Texas), has things in it conservatives should like, such as more money for Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services and the Secret Service, as well as thousands more detention beds for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Still, this would be a dramatic climb-down difficult for conservatives in the House to accept.
· Congress could kick the can down the road and pass another short-term funding bill, known as a continuing resolution (CR), to keep the department funded past the Feb. 27 deadline. That CR could be as short as 30 days, buying Republicans a bit more time to figure out how to fight Obama's immigration moves.
· If Senate Republicans and Democrats can work out a compromise funding bill soon, it could be merged with the House-passed DHS bill in a conference committee. But those House-Senate negotiators would have to move fast with the deadline quickly approaching.
If none of those options work, the DHS would shut down, which would set off a blame game in the media.
Just as with the 16-day government shutdown of 2013, Democrats would have the advantage of the bully pulpit. Both Obama and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson have already warned that a shutdown would be catastrophic for national security. Over the weekend, Johnson said 30,000 workers would be furloughed if the department closed down.
Republicans believe the American public will find Obama at fault this time around, but they also don't want to be seen as being soft on terrorism.
House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Ed Royce (R-Calif.) said he'll hold a hearing on Thursday examining the threat from ISIS. During an interview with CBS's “Face the Nation” Sunday, House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Mike McCaul (R-Texas) warned about ISIS-trained fighters striking American targets but didn't mention the quandary over DHS funding.
And in an op-ed Monday, McCaul said that Obama's spending priorities show he's more concerned with combating global warming than homegrown terrorism.
“I hope that's the way you write the story, and not that it's Republicans' [fault],” conservative Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho), an immigration attorney, told reporters. “The president is willing to put the national security of the United States at risk so they can grant 5 million people legal status.”
Popular vote loser Donald Trump has taken to Twitter, of course, and wants to get to the bottom of why their buddy Michael Flynn had to resign from their role as national security adviser. No, they don't want to figure out what Flynn told the Russian ambassador back in December—but who told the world that Flynn had that conversation.
x The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017
Leaks? North Korea, you say?
x Trump administration information security in action https://t.co/TjQ6rgcCA6 pic.twitter.com/z7BhvYdbcT — Garance Franke-Ruta (@thegarance) February 13, 2017
Yeah, that. Is it still a leak when it's coming from the president, who is conducting national security business in an open-air dining room full of people with smart phones and Facebook accounts?
Album Notes
On an old wooden table in the corner of a dimly-lit tavern, there sits a weathered, leather-bound tome, recently unearthed from an abandoned library in the catacombs of The Old Republic. The book, a forgotten relic of The Great Advent War, recounts a tale long lost to the fading embers of this land's history. As the fireplace roars steadily and the flickering candlelight sparsely illuminates the scene, a scholar sits down at the table with the purpose of discovering the missing piece of this story; the tale that the histories and legends of this land have forsaken. Following a deep draw from their pipe and a hearty swig from their tankard, they open the cover and begins to read the first lines of the faded, handwritten manuscript:
"Our history tells of The Great Advent War,
In which our ancestors' tribes conjoined in alliance
And won independence from The Great Republic,
Thus ending a century of fear and compliance.
While the war is well-known, its heroes have faded,
Consumed by the ashes of time's dying embers.
Their names and their faces snubbed out by the eons.
But rare as they are, there are those who remember.
For some know the Tale, the Tale of the man
Who by adverse occurrence of Fate was thus beckoned.
From their journey, we learn of the warrior's path,
And of what makes a man, and of what makes a legend."
TALE UNTOLD, the debut full-length album of epic metal band Adavant, is an unprecedented explosion of intense and melodic metal set to the backdrop of the tale of an unsung hero from the forgotten pages of history. While often maintaining a heavy death and thrash influenced style that vividly replicates the intensity of battle, turmoil and conflict, the album regularly takes sharp dynamic turns towards fun and light-hearted drinking hymns, as well as moving symphonic ballads. As the tale unfolds and the moods and themes accordingly conform, the band shows versatility and precision in musical story-telling, as well as drawing their listeners in with their engaging, unique, and often theatrical style of metal. With songs ranging from driving battle themes to upbeat beer ballads, fans of epic, symphonic, and folk metal will find themselves regularly alternating between their sword and tankard, while staying constantly engaged by the quality musicianship and infectious melodies that TALE UNTOLD has to offer.
"...Adavant is a welcome addition to the underground class of folk metal acts, providing a solid alternative to the bigger names and expanding the genre's horizons."
-Metal Underground
"Tale Untold is a well written album that would take you to scenarios of war and conquest, a perfect balance between adventure and music. The whole album is a ride of epic battles, war cries and victory celebrations."
-The Age of Metal
"These are six extremely talented musicians, who continuously prove it to us throughout the album."
-Geek News Network
The Rise and Fall and Rise Of PF Flyers
PF Flyers is one of the most storied names in American sneakers and yet, the company was nearly defunct a decade ago. Back then, its customer base solely consisted of sneaker aficionados and collectors who were paying upwards of $250 for a vintage pair. The story of the company's rise, fall, and recent resurgence is not a new one, but is telling nonetheless.
Looking to develop new applications of their vulcanized rubber technology, tire company B.F. Goodrich began experimenting with rubber's pediatric applications in the 1920s. The “P.F.” in PF Flyers stands for “Posture Foundation,” a patented insole technology developed by Goodrich associate, Hyman L. Whitman.
The new insole shifted weight to the outside of the foot, allowing proper of alignment of the foot's three main supporting bones. Originally applied to oxford shoes, the insoles proved immensely successful and were expanded to include dress-, sport-, and vacation-wear lines. However, it wasn't until 1944 that the now iconic Center-Hi canvas sneakers known as “PF Flyers” were introduced to the American market.
Advertised using the slogan “Run faster, jump higher,” the release of the sneaker coincided perfectly with the birth of the baby boomer generation, which became the brand's core market.
As sales continued, the company devised an aggressive marketing strategy. In 1958, PF Flyers became the first brand to enlist an All-star athlete—Boston Celtics' star Bob Cousy—to market a pair of sneakers. That year, 14 million pairs of PF Flyers were sold. With the influx of demand, marketing expanded to include a comic book series, the “PF Magic Shoe Adventure Book”, and a Saturday morning TV special.
The successive years were the brand's heyday. The company expanded its market to include women with the Oxford Outfit–matching shoe-and-skirt pairs. And Goodrich Honored the company's 100th anniversary with the Jack Purcell LTT, a new sport shoe designed by the badminton star. By the 1970s, PF Flyers were so ubiquitous that they had found their way into standard issue infantry uniform in the US army.
But the good times didn't last. As they steadily lost marketshare, Converse jumped on the opportunity to buy the company after Goodrich retired in 1972. However, federal courts ruled the merger a monopoly and the deal was subsequently broken up through anti-trust litigation. Converse only retained the trademark rights to the Jack Purcell shoe, which they still produce and sell.
In spite of their popularity, in the successive years the brand failed to adapt to the changing marketplace. Due in part to mismanagement and near-constant changes in ownership–Brookfield, Hyde, and LJO Inc. during the so-called “dark years” between 1975 and 2000–the shoes were all but forgotten.
PF Flyers were briefly memorialized in the 1993 film The Sandlot by director David Evans, who grew up in the 60s when the sneakers obtained their iconic status. The film valorizes the shoes for their ability to make the wearer “run faster, jump higher” following the lore in the brand's advertisements.
Fellow sports shoemaker New Balance bought them in 2001 and has slowly begun to revitalize the PF name. With the recently renewed interest in American heritage brands, PF Flyers have become the preferred high-top within many fashion circles. Capitalizing on the moment, the company has reissued their core-product in an array of canvas, leather, and tweed uppers catering to contemporary tastes.
Recently, fashion designer Todd Snyder collaborated with the brand, producing a runway-worthy interpretation of the classic sneaker. The spike in popularity follows consumer trends, as conscientious buyers become more invested in the history and heritage of the brands they choose to purchase. Tretorn (now owned by Puma), has followed a similar path.
As a side note, New Balance, can be lauded (or faulted, depending on one's point of view) for maintaining some of their production in the US and the UK. Although most PF Flyers are currently made overseas, they plan to launch a handful of Made in USA models this spring.
If you're looking to run faster and/or jump higher, check out the full line on PF's website.
Hank Zipzer: The World's Greatest Underachiever[Note 1] is a series of children's books by actor Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver, published by Grosset & Dunlap. The first book, Niagara Falls, or Does It?, was published in 2003. Hank Zipzer was made into a TV series in 2014.
Overview [ edit ]
Hank Zipzer is a young boy who is dyslexic. Winkler based the character on themselves as a child and their own experiences with dyslexia and ADHD.[1][2] They live on the Upper West Side of Manhattan with their family, and attends P.S. 87 at Amsterdam Avenue and W 78th Street. Their friends are Frankie Townsend and Ashley Wong.
Books [ edit ]
1. Niagara Falls, or Does It? (January 1, 2003)
Instead of writing an assigned essay on their summer vacation, Hank tries building a model of Niagara Falls, their family's summer vacation spot. This was aired in the TV series as the first episode.
2. I Got a "D" in Salami (May 12, 2003)
Hank tosses their report card in their mother's meat grinder to get out of their parents on their report card. The chase is on when they find out their report-card-salami is going to one of their mom's most important sponsor choices! This aired as the eighth episode in the TV series.
3. Day of the Iguana (September 1, 2003)
Hank tries to disassemble and reassemble the cable box for their science project. But how are they supposed to put it back together when Katherine the iguana has laid their eggs in it? This was aired as the fourth episode in the TV.
4. The Zippity Zinger (December 1, 2003)
Hank's friends choose Hank to be the pitcher for their school, PS 87's Olympiad baseball team. Since Hank can't pitch for their life, they think their sister's lucky red monkey socks may be the answer. Only one problem - Emily needs them on the same day for their part of the Olympiad! This was on the TV series as the second episode.
5. The Night I Flunked My Field Trip (May 1, 2004)
Hank has an overnight field trip to a docked boat in New York Harbor. But when Hank accidentally undocks the boat, the trouble begins...He makes friends with Colin Sebastion Rich IV.
6. Holy Enchilada! (August 19, 2004)
Hank needs to prepare some enchiladas for their school multi-cultural day. But, they may have added too much hot sauce...
7. Help! Somebody Get me out of Fourth Grade! (December 16, 2004)
When their parents get called for a parent-teacher conference, Hank just knows their teacher is going to tell them he's being held back. There's just one way to make sure they don't show up - sabotage!
8. Summer School? What Genius Thought That Up? (April 21, 2005)
Hank gets sent to summer school without their friends, Frankie Townsend and Ashley Wong.
9. My Secret Life as a Ping-Pong Wizard (September 22, 2005)
Hank's finally in the fifth grade, except they are still stuck with Ms.Adolf and he's also found a sport he's good at - ping-pong! But when their friends tease the sport, Hank decides to keep it a secret.
10. My Dog's a Scaredy-Cat: A Halloween Tail (August 1, 2006)
Hank tries to scare Nick in a haunted house they make with their friends. This was the fifth episode in the TV series.
11. The Curtain Went Up, My Pants Fell Down (May 3, 2007)
Hank gets a lead part in a school play (The King and I) but they can only do the play if they get a B plus on their next math test. They have a math tutor called Heather Payne. This was the third episode in the TV series.
12. Barfing in the Backseat: How I Survived My Family Road Trip (July 5, 2007)
The Zipzers take a road trip to a crossword puzzle tournament and a roller coaster park in North Carolina. But when they mistakenly leaf Mrs. Adolf's vacation homework packet at a motel, they and Frankie set out to have it delivered - without Mr. Zipzer finding out.
13. Who Ordered This Baby? Definitely Not Me! (December 27, 2007)
Hank hears their mom talking to Frankie's mom over the phone about a baby. Frankie will be shocked! Or at least until Hank realizes they were talking about herself! This was the 9th episode of the tv series.
14. Life of Me (May 1, 2008)
Mr. Rock takes over as Hank's teacher. Hank is psyched....until Mr.Rock suggests that Hank takes an after school reading program, which means they will have to miss tae kwon do. But when Hank gets a crush on a girl in the reading program, and when Mr. Rock says, instead of doing an autobiography (a class assignment), Hank may do a scrapbook of their life. Everything is going right. Then Hank finds out that the girl they like is Nick McKelty's cousin.
15. A Tale of Two Tails (November 26, 2008)
Hank's school holds a pet contest and the winner becomes the school mascot. How is Hank supposed to train their Dachshund, Cheerio, if they (Cheerio) keeps messing around?
16. Dump Trucks and Dogsleds: I'm on My Way, Mom! (August 6, 2009)
Hank's mom is having a baby, and the baby is going to share a room with Hank. Hank did feel better when their dad took their sister Emily and them on a 'pre-baby' ski trip. But when Hank's mom called to say the baby was coming early, they had to cut their trip short. The only problem was that a freak snowstorm had arrived and they were stuck. Whether they had to ride on horses, dump trucks, dogsleds, or even in a truck with ten Chinese acrobats, they would get home in time to meet Baby Zipzer.
17. A Brand-New Me! (April 20, 2010)
Hank can't graduate without their community service, so Mr. Rock gives them a job cleaning instruments and, while doing the job, Hank discovers their ability to write short plays on the spot, and auditions for a Performing Arts school, all before finding out that Frankie and Ashley will be going to a different school.
18. The Colossal Camera Calamity[3] (04 Jun 2015; based on the CBBC TV show, not part of the original book series)
It's school-photo time, which is the worst time of year for Hank Zipzer. No matter what they do, they always end up looking like he's just seen Miss Adolf dancing. Bleurg! This year, he's determined to get it right. Unfortunately school bully Nick McKelty has other ideas...this was the first episode in the second series.
Main characters [ edit ]
Name Bio Henry "Hank" Daniel Zipzer The main character, who has learning challenges (dyslexia). Nick "The Tick" McKelty The class bully, who is none-too-bright. Fanny Adolf Hank's teacher and Deputy Headmistress who hates fun and funny, always wears grey clothes, possibly to match their face. Frankie Townsend Hank's best friend, thinks oxygen is power and has a nickname for everyone. Leland Love Hank's principal who repeats everything twice and likes to answer their own questions, Has a mole shaped like the Statue of Liberty without the torch. Ashley Wong Hank and Frankie's other best friend who is a great athlete and loves rhinestones. Mr. Gristediano The friend that give an idea to Hank's parents about changing their type of learning. Robert Upchurch A 4th (formally 3rd) grade genius who lives in the same building as Hank and blurts out information at random moments. Papa Pete Hank's grandpa who is always taking the kids somewhere and pinching their grandkids. Carlos The counter guy at Hank's mom's deli. Emily Grace Zipzer Hank's little sister, very smart when it comes to reptiles, considerably annoying, likes Robert Upchurch, and has an iguana named Katherine. Randi Zipzer Hank's mom, runs the Crunchy Pickle Deli, and takes healthy foods to a disgusting new level. Them name is Rosa in the TV series. Stanley Zipzer Hank's dad, who works from home and is obsessed with crossword puzzles and Jeopardy!. Cheerio Zipzer Hank's dachshund, who looks like a Cheerio when they run in circles. Katherine Zipzer Emily's iguana, who slurps food from the dinner table. Vlady The other counter guy at Hank's mom's deli, "The Crunchy Pickle." Mr. Rock Hank's Music Teacher who is Hank's favorite teacher. Mason Harris Jerome Dunn Hank's friend who is in kindergarten. Heather Payne A very tall, smart girl who tutored Hank in Math. Sam Chin Hank's other kindergarten friend who plays ping-pong with him. Luke Whitman A boy in Hank's class who is very gross, and always has their finger in their nose. Dr. Lynn Berger Hank's dyslexia teacher, who is very nice and always encourages Hank. Mrs. Fink Hank's next door neighbor who has a crush on Papa Pete and is always baking something for him. Joelle Atkins Nick "The Tick"'s girlfriend that is obsessed with their phone. Zoe McKelty Hank's girlfriend, also Nick McKelty's cousin Collin Sebastian Rich IV Hank's friend in book 5. They bite their nails, they only knows 3 knock knock jokes and 2 of them aren't funny. Yoshi A boy from Japan who loves lizards. Hank hosted them in the TV series.
TV series [ edit ]
In September 2013, CBBC commissioned a television series adaptation of the books. The show began airing in January 2014 and has been recommissioned for a second and third series.[4][5][6]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Hank Zipzer: The Mostly True Confessions of the World's Best Underachiever in Books 1-3 and Hank Zipzer: The World's Best Underachiever in Book 4.
References [ edit ]
It's well known that the Bay Area has great hiking, parks and wilderness areas nearby, but what about right here in the city? Oakland North has picked out 10 great walks that are all easily accessible, either by a short drive, bike ride or bus trip. Look at the photo slideshow to learn about each place.
Locations:
Slide 1:
Martin Luther King Jr. Regional Shoreline Park
Doolittle Drive and Swan Way
Slide 2:
Mandela Parkway
Mandela Parkway, from 8th Street to 32nd Street
Slide 3:
Stonewall Fire Trail
Stonewall at Claremont
Slide 4:
Lake Temescal
6500 Broadway
Slide 5:
Middle Harbor Shoreline Park
2777 Middle Harbor Road
Slide 6:
Morcom Rose Garden
700 Jean Street
Slide 7:
Lake Merritt
568 Bellevue Avenue
Slide 8:
Jack London Waterfront
2 Broadway, at Jack London Square
Slide 9:
Union Point Park
2311 Embarcadero East
Slide 10:
Mountain View Cemetery
5000 Piedmont Avenue
The ancient Chinese and Greeks discovered that the Earth takes 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 minutes to revolve around the sun. Since the extra hours and minutes make an awkward fraction, complicated calendars which had extra months included in every 19-year cycle were produced. In 45AD, Julius Ceasar's astronomer, Sosigenes discovered that all Roman festivals had got out of line with the seasons of the year, and to rectify the situation, they recommended that the year 45AD be prolonged to 445 days. A recommendation that Ceasar followed. Thereafter, Sosigenes developed the Julian (named after Ceasar) Calender by approximating a year to be 365 and a quarter day. In the calender, a year was defined as having 365 days and a leap day added every four years to compensate for the lost quarter day.
In 730AD, the Venerable Bede, a mathematically skilled Anglo-Saxon monk, pointed out that the 365 1/4-day Julian year was 11 minutes, 14 seconds too long. But since the error added up so slowly (the calendar fell out of sync with the sun by only a day every 128 years) no one did anything about it. In 1582. Pope Gregory XIII noticed that the spring equinox – when day and night are of equal length – fell upon March 11 instead of March 21. The pope fixed the problem by erasing 10 days, declaring that the day following Oct. 4, 1582 would be known as Oct. 15, 1583. To make the calendar more sun-accurate than Caesar's, Pope Gregory XIII pulled out their abacus and came up with the following criteria to determine leap years:
Every year that is evenly divisible by four is a leap year; of those years, if it can be evenly divided by 100, it is NOT a leap year, unless the year is evenly divisible by 400. Then it is a leap year.
Pope Gregory XIII's calender was called the Gregorian Calender. It was not so popular at first though. The Roman Catholic nations such as Italy, Poland, Portugal and Spain adopted it with ease, but protestant nations were reluctant. When it was finally adopted in Britain (and America) in September 1752 by the loss of 11 days, there were wide protests around the country. Sweden (and Finland) adopted it in 1712 by adding two “double” leap year in 1712. Two days were added to February–creating a date of February 30, 1712. (This was done because the leap year in 1700 was dropped and Sweden's calendar was not synchronized with any other calendar. By adding an extra day in 1712, they were back on the Julian calendar. Russia didn't accept the Gregorian calendar until 1918, which means that when the U.S. purchased Alaska in 1867, 11 days were lost in the transition from the Julian calendar. Leap years are also significant for Alaskans because summer solstice (when the Earth's axial tilt is inclined towards the sun at its maximum of 23° 26′.) occurs about 18 hours earlier in a leap year.
Even this system is not entirely correct. Every 10,000 years the Gregorian calendar becomes two days, 14 hours and 24 minutes in error. If we last long enough, adjustments will be necessary. One suggestion has been to make a further leap year refinement – excluding leap days from years divisible by 4000. Another suggestion, particularly popular between the two world wars, was for a new world calendar. At the moment Muslims have their own calender in which a year ends after every 12 lunar months. There are also at least 17 different calendars in India and Africa. But the problem is always to agree upon a new system which is acceptable to everybody.
Advertisements
Enlarge By Plinio Lepri, AP The original bronze "Lupa Capitolina" (she-wolf) symbol of Rome, with Romolus and Remus suckling from their teats, in Rome's Capitoline Museums. Some experts theorize that the statue dates from the Middle Ages, and not Etruscan times. ROME  They suckled Rome's legendary twin founders and fed Benito Mussolini's ambitious dreams of renewed imperial glories. For centuries, the she-wolf has been one of Rome's most powerful symbols. But now some experts are contending that the bronze statue in a city museum atop Capitoline Hill might not be so old after all. New theories suggest that the statue dates from the Middle Ages, and not from Etruscan times, as has long been held. "It's decisively medieval," said Anna Maria Carruba, a researcher who studied the statue when they worked on its restoration a decade ago. "As I went ahead with my research, I was ever more sure," Carruba said in a telephone interview on Wednesday. While medieval might sound old to modern ears, if Carruba is correct the statue would be more than 1,000 years younger than had been thought — from the 7th or 8th centuries, or even later, instead of Etruscan times. The Capitoline Museums website says the statue, known as Lupa, or she-wolf, is from the 5th century B.C. and was donated to the museum in 1471 by Pope Sixtus IV. Added separately, in the early 1500s, were the bronze figures of Romulus and Remus, the twin founders of Rome who legend says were abandoned on the Tiber river's banks and survived by being nursed by the she-wolf. The 30-inch-high bronze is the centerpiece of a museum room named after it, and postcards and T-shirts with its image are popular Rome souvenirs. Mussolini used the image in their regime's propaganda pushing for a return to ancient Roman glories. In a front-page article this week in Rome daily La Repubblica, Adriano La Regina, who for decades headed the national archaeological office for Rome, suggested that the Capitoline Museums was reluctant to release test results indicating the bronze was medieval. "The new information about the epoch of the Capitoline bronze have been held back for about a year now from the public and experts," La Regina wrote. With the future — or rather, the past — of one of the city-run Capitoline Museums star pieces at stake, museums director Claudio Parisi Presicce insisted that their institution wasn't trying to hide data that could subtract centuries from the she-wolf's existence. The data "aren't definitive yet, and we hope we can succeed in giving a definitive date" to the statue through the results later this year of carbon dating, Parisi Presicce was quoted as telling the Italian news agency ANSA. Parisi Presicce's office confirmed the quotes, but said they were traveling in Italy Thursday and could not be reached for further comment. Carruba said carbon dating of bits of dirt and clay indicate the statue was cast in the 7th or 8th century A.D. They also claimed the techniques of casting such a bronze work were developed in medieval times. Them theory has skeptics. Alessandro Naso, an Etruscan expert at the University of Molise, contended that Carruba's "concluding that it isn't ancient is based on indirect proof." "Leaving aside the point of pride" about Rome's symbol, "arguments for the medieval are weak," Naso said by phone Thursday. Archaeologist Nicoletta Pagliardi was also cautious about Carruba's theory. Lupa's origins "are really uncertain," they said in a phone interview. Pagliardi said the statue would have likely been "manhandled" over many centuries, and so carbon dating might be testing substances that contaminated the bronze long after its creation. Parisi Presicce, the Capitoline Museums director, said that in medieval times Rome's symbol was considered to be a lion. They said that weakened arguments that Lupa was made during that period. Last year, archaeologists unveiled an underground grotto on the Palatine Hill believed to have been revered by ancient Romans as the place Lupa nursed Romulus and Remus. Carruba said their contention that the statue isn't Etruscan takes nothing away from its mystique. "It's an amazing, fascinating, majestic sculpture," they said. Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
THE General Synod has called on the Government to ban conversion therapy. The move was backed by the Archbishop of York, Dr Sentamu, who said that a ban on the “theologically unsound” practice would enable them to sleep at night.
Members had initially been asked to endorse a statement signed by professional bodies condemning such therapy as “unethical and harmful and not supported by evidence”, but, after passionate speeches by bishops and several emotional personal testimonies, proved willing to go further.
The private member's motion was introduced on Saturday by Jayne Ozanne, a lay representative from Oxford diocese who has described how undergoing such therapy resulted in them having two breakdowns (News, 30 June). It asked the Synod to endorse a statement issued this year by professional bodies, including the Royal College of GPs and UK Council for Psychotherapy, which states that conversion therapy “has no place in the modern world. It is unethical and harmful and not supported by evidence.”
Conversion therapy was “a form of abuse”, they said, “from which vulnerable adults need protecting”.
The therapy they had undergone was “done by kind, but mostly professionally unqualified prayer ministry individuals who, too, wanted to see me healed. The prayer would seemingly work for a few months or years. and then I would find myself struggling again – ashamed and guilty that it hadn't worked.
“I became depressed, wondering why God was choosing not to heal me. And my desperation grew. I turned to look for reasons why healing didn't come. Many sincere Christians, armed with the warped theology of conversion therapy, implied it must be my fault.
“It led to two breakdowns and two spells in hospital, with my body cracking under the strain. My story is, sadly, not unique.”
They described calls for more scientific evidence of proof of harm as a “smokescreen”. They argued: “It is rare for randomised controlled trials to show evidence of harm, as it would take several years of careful monitoring. In addition, it is highly unlikely that any reputable ethics committee would ever give approval for a trial of a treatment they strongly suspect – due to the many testimonial reports – to be harmful.”
Advertisement
The debate was “actually quite simple: Do we trust our medical health professionals and academics – including many sincere, godly Christians – to know what they are talking about?”
Among those who offered their support was the Bishop of Liverpool, the Rt Revd Paul Bayes.
“The world needs to hear us say that LGBTI-plus orientation and identity is not a crime,” they said, with quiet fervour. “We are called to help one another to conform their lives to Jesus Christ and to live lives of holiness, but we do not need to engage people in healing therapy if they are not sick. If the Church suggests that it is a sickness, then all its statements of welcome and inclusion of the LGBT community are null and void.” They were proud to be associated with Gay Pride in Liverpool, to be held later in the year out of respect for Michael Causer, a gay man who was killed in 2008 in an act of hatred.
In an emotional speech, Ed Cox (Church of England Youth Council) declared an interest as a scientist, and a “queer” person. While the Church wanted all people to be treasured, loved, and valued, this had not happened for the LGBT community.
They had put their sexual identity down to their relationship with their father, a lifestyle choice, a phase, and experimenting, and had been told that they were “made wrong” by God. They had been diagnosed with severe depression because of this, and begged the Synod to pass the motion as it stood, to prevent others' going through the same ordeal.
Ms Ozanne's proposals caused concern among some members.
Dr Simon Clift, a consultant in occupational health, argued that, when distress arose as a result of a conflict between beliefs and desires, “surely one legitimate option would be for them to seek the input of appropriately trained therapists who can address these desires in order to diminish them?”
An amendment was moved by the Revd Dr Sean Doherty, a tutor at St Mellitus theological college, and a trustee of Living Out, which seeks “to help Christian brothers and sisters who experience same-sex attraction stay faithful to biblical teaching on sexual ethics and flourish at the same time”. It affirmed that pastoral care, prayer ministry, and professional counselling were “legitimate means of supporting individuals who choose them freely, provided that they respect the property dignity of human beings, and do not involve coercion or manipulation or make unwarranted promises about the removal of unwanted feelings”. It asked the House of Bishops to draw up guidelines “to discourage inappropriate pastoral practices, and to encourage good ones”.
During the debate, the Bishop of Carlisle, the Rt Revd James Newcome, issued a statement: “We are all agreed that coercive or manipulative forms of therapy are unacceptable. We all want to avoid harm or even the potential for harm. But at the same time people seeking pastoral help and proper accountable counselling should be able to find it. That's a very different thing from professional psychiatric practice.”
The Vicar of St George's, Everton, Canon Kate Wharton wished to stand against conversion therapy, but said that they could not support the motion unamended because of the “lack of clarity and nuance” it contained. They were concerned by a paper on spiritual abuse, delivered by Ms Ozanne at meeting of the Royal College of Psychiatrists spirituality and psychiatry group in April. In the paper, Ms Ozanne had referred to prayer ministry in Charismatic churches, with particular reference to Alpha, the Evangelical Alliance, Spring Harvest, and New Wine.
Ms Ozanne said that the strength of the opposition to their motion showed just how badly it was needed.
The Prolocutor of the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury, Canon Simon Butler, said that some people in the C of E did practise harmful conversion therapy — indeed, they feared sometimes for themselves when they attended meetings of the Evangelical Group on the General Synod. “I don't want there to be any comfort for the perpetrators of abuse over this matter, who think a few depressed or suicidal gays is a price worth paying for their own pastoral approach.”
The amendment was rejected in all three Houses, but another, by Dr Jamie Harrison, a GP and Chair of the House of Laity, was accepted. It amended the motion to endorse the Memorandum of Understanding on Conversion Therapy in the UK of 2015, which was signed by the Royal College of Psychiatrists, a body absent from the 2017 statement. It also says “that the practice of gay conversion therapy has no place in the modern world, is unethical, potentially harmful, and not supported by the evidence”, but, unlike the 2017 statement, does not refer to gender identities as well as sexual orientations. Dr Harrison's amendment called upon the Church “to be sensitive to, and to listen to, contemporary expressions of gender identity”.
The Priest-in-Charge of St John the Baptist and St Edmund, Felixstowe, the Revd Andrew Dotchin, fought tears as they introduced the final amendment, which called for a ban on conversion therapy. They still wept over the suicide of Lizzie Lowe, a teenager from Manchester who took their own life (News, 9 January; Faith 25 November), they said, and would be “horrified if another rainbow child took their life” because the Church had allowed “even the remotest chance” for them to gain access to this therapy. Passing this amendment would send a “very clear and loud signal . . . that we find this practice abhorrent and we want it ended”.
Advertisement
“Only the Holy Spirit converts,” Dr Sentamu said before the vote. “The sooner the practice of this so-called therapy is banned, I can sleep at night; so let's encourage the Government to do it.”
The Synod voted overwhelmingly in favour of the amended motion, in all three Houses.
It will now fall to the Church of England's Public Affairs team to implement the motion. Both Labour and Conservative MPs have tabled debates on conversion therapy in recent years and in May the Prime Minister, Theresa May, told Pink News that banning “gay cure therapy” was “something we need to keep under close review”.
“Being gay or trans is not an illness, and shouldn't be treated as such – young people should be protected from attempts to change who they are. We're looking carefully at the extent of the problem, and the experience of other countries that have introduced bans, to ensure we get the approach to this right.”
Before the final vote, Ms Ozanne read aloud a letter sent to them by the Revd Stanley Underhill, a 90-year-old retired priest in London, who had read of their motion in the Church Times.
They described “a lifetime of reactive depression resulting from my inability to accept my sexual orientation” and a series of interventions including an exorcism, electric-current treatment, testosterone injections, lithium, and “no end of personal counselling, therapy and prayer, all of which totally failed to make not one jot of difference to my sexual inclinations”. They had contemplated suicide on two occasions.
They prayed that God would support Ms Ozanne in their endeavours to “bring about an end once and for all to the Churches' homophobia in all its forms which have throughout the ages caused so much misery and suffering to countless thousands of people who were made in the image of God”.
In intercessions ending the day's work, Dr Doherty prayed for those who had received “abusive or shaming treatment”, for those in countries where homosexual actions were subject to criminal sanctions, and for all those taking part in Pride, “that they would each know that they are made in your image, precious and loved by you.”
Few rational people would argue that evolutionary biology and climate change should be taught in parallel with “intelligent design” and climate denialism. Teaching about them is fine, but elevating them to the same level of scientific renown as the former theories is not just disingenuous, but dangerous.
Unfortunately, thanks to a new piece of legislation in Florida, any single person in the Sunshine State can challenge what children learn in public schools. Although the legal text implies challenges can be made in any regard – including pro-science challenges to schools that are attempting to muddy the waters – realistically, this now means that there will be renewed attempts to get creationism into the science classes.
The law requires school boards to take on an “unbiased hearing officer”, a worryingly euphemistic job title. Their job will be to listen to the complaints, which can be made by any state resident even if they do not have a child in school at the time. If the complaints are upheld, this hearing officer will demand the school in question alters its curriculum.
The law was passed by the Florida House of Representatives, before being signed by Republican Governor and Trump acolyte Rick Scott, a climate change denier that famously used the phrase “I'm not a scientist” to explain why they couldn't explain why they denied the basic science behind the phenomenon.
Although the bill doesn't explicitly target science or any subject, in particular, experts have noticed that written statements used in court during the discussion of the bill have specifically aimed their crosshairs at climate change and evolution.
Creationism is making a comeback... Hare Krishna/Shutterstock
The National Center for Science Education, a non-profit organization that aims to inform the press and public on the teaching of both subjects at school, pointed out that several residents' complaints thought it was wrong to teach these as “reality.”
“I have witnessed children being taught that Global Warming is a reality,” one person protests, in a tone very reminiscent of “won't someone please think of the children?”
Apart from these scientific subjects, some residents are concerned that the classical texts used to teach children about the world are too dystopian. Instead of teaching their kids proud American values, they worry that they are being exposed to “socialist, Marxist, apocalyptic [and] anarchic” material too often. One complainant describes this as “borderline child abuse.”
There is nothing wrong with people wanting a say in their state's education, but this bill is clearly driven by subjective personal beliefs, and is strongly flavored with anti-scientific rhetoric. It's a back door, “grassroots” method for removing key scientific concepts from the curriculum and taking out “offending” books from the school libraries.
It's a shield of ignorance for Florida's children, plain and simple.
[H/T: Washington Post]
Deep inside the 114-page budget deal that passed the House Wednesday, legislative leaders tucked in a provision that will free debt collectors to bombard student loan borrowers with unlimited robocall and automated text messages where it hurts most — on their mobile devices — even when they are asked to stop.
The change is a major victory for the debt collections industry, which has retained a small army of lawyers and lobbyists for years to weaken the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, the law that protects people from unwanted robocalls and prerecorded messages.
It's also a big win for the small network of lobbyists within outgoing Speaker John Boehner's inner circle, a cadre nicknamed “Boehnerland” by D.C insiders.
Marc Lampkin, Boehner's former general counsel and close personal friend, is a lobbyist with Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, a law firm that has led the charge on Capitol Hill and with the Federal Communications Commission requesting liability exemptions from the TCPA on behalf of student loan servicing giant Nelnet. Barry Jackson, Boehner's chief of staff for nearly 12 years, also works at Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck.
Records show that Brownstein met with FCC officials over half a dozen times this year to ask for the exemptions. The firm also collected at least $220,000 from Nelnet to lobby Congress on the issue.
As the Huffington Post's Shahien Nasirpour reported, “The measure in the potential budget deal (Section 301) would amend existing law to allow companies to use auto-dialers when they call borrowers' cell phones — even when federal student loan borrowers haven't consented to them, and even if the borrowers will be charged for them.”
President Barack Obama also supports changing the law to allow more automated calls by debt collectors.
Consumer advocates are livid that congressional leaders, including Boehner, Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate leaders, would agree to such a deal.
“Robocalls continue to be one of the top consumer complaints, and the overly broad provision in the budget bill would only make things worse,” said Christine Hines, legislative director of the National Association of Consumer Advocates. “It's a handout to the student loan and debt collection industries and it would roll back consumer protections against unsolicited and unwanted prerecorded calls.”
Other critics note that Nelnet has abused debt collection practices in the past, including one case in which a student who had never taken out a loan was harassed with 80 unwanted calls.
Lawmakers also used the debt ceiling as a maneuver to give legislative handouts to special interests last year. The so-called CRomnibus deal included $120 million in tanks that the Pentagon specifically asked Congress to stop requesting.
Record Hospital
Nick Wuebben Interview
Listen
Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin
I recently had the chance to ask Nick Wuebben of Just Nick and Adult School a few questions about music, dreams and more! Check out the premiere of their newest song “Thanks, Delacroix” above and see what they had to say below:
Just Nick: justnick.bandcamp.com
Adult School: adultschool.bandcamp.com
Let's start with the basics. Tell us a little bit about yourself and your current musical projects.
My name's Nick. Last name, Wuebben; pronounced very much like how Elmer Fudd from Looney Tunes would say ‘Ribbon.' That's the go-to anecdote. I live in Santa Cruz, California, with a few of my friends and our dog, Willow. For about 5 years, I've written and performed folk/punk tunes under the name Just Nick (justnick.bandcamp.com), which is the primary project that has given way to what I've been working on with my pals in Santa Cruz. Adult School (adultschool.bandcamp.com) started playin' together about a year after we all met as undergrads, and is typically thrown into the pop/punk category.
If you were an inanimate object, what would you be and why?
I'd be one of the six Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass records that you'd find in a cardboard box at a thrift store, and you're totally thinking about buying me as a gag-gift. I try not to take myself too seriously.
When and why did you first start making music?
Trevor (who plays the drums in Adult School) and I have been playing music together since junior high, but it really wasn't until 2012 that I'd started writing music with the intent to distribute it in some way. Around that time, I'd just begun to play shows at DIY spaces in the suburbs of Southern California. My first collection of songs ended up being recorded in the warehouse used by The Dial Collective (which is sadly no longer) and recorded by some of the collective members for distribution through Not Punk Records. I was 16 at the time, and that collection of songs is called Semi-revolutionary.
How do you feel your music has changed over the past few years? How is your music different in your different bands?
The first three years that I did a considerable amount of this, I now see as an extended exercise in the practice of confessional songwriting. The lot of those songs had something to say and said it with a lack of inhibition, which I think is what can be attractive about that style of writing. It's transparent with the audience. This style started with the original demos and was used pretty heavily up until the end of 2014. I had planned for a collection of unreleased demos (which eventually appeared as Well, This is Embarrassing) to be the very last songs to fit into that schema, and simultaneously tried to move the Just Nick persona into an early retirement. Ultimately, Just Nick was a hard name to try and drop. After playing a few months of shows under my full name, it became clear to me that Nick Wuebben is to the artist, as Just Nick is to a character within the work of art. It took some growing-up to start seeing that it wasn't my job as a musician to worry about what others may think my art is intended for. As a matter of fact, the flier for the very first Just Nick show, read Just Nick, solely because the artist didn't know how to spell my last name. When I think about it now, it may have not been fair of me to try and do away with something that came about by happenstance. It may have been the universe's way of pushing back at my ego, but then again, it may have just been an effective gimmick. Nonetheless, with the conception of Critters (2016), came the practices in songwriting that reached further than what Just Nick releases had done previously, and eased a considerable amount of my insecurities over continuing to perform and release music as Just Nick.
What inspires you to create music? What is your creative process in making music?
When I was in the sixth grade, I saw KISS play live for the first time, which was also the first time I'd said something along the lines of “Hey, Dad… I want to be a rock-star.” Today, the general trope of the ‘rock-star' seems a little more farfetched to me, but putting their success into context made the dream feel wildly romantic. In reality, KISS was just four kids from the city who would put on kabuki makeup, spit fire, and thought it would be a cool idea to shoot rockets out of their guitars, all whilst wearing six-inch heels. That sort of thing impressed the hell out of me, and led me to further question the role of theatrics and performance in contrast to songwriting. In retrospect, those questions led to the majority of the one-track live recordings in the Just Nick catalogue, along with the brash nature of it all. As for the songwriting itself, I typically write my music and lyrics separately, although I'll often write ‘em with a specific progression in mind. Some songs take twenty minutes, and some take three months.
Do you think of yourself in relation to a certain scene (e.g. folk punk) or community of musicians?
In 2012 and up until 2014, Jesse (who plays folk-pop tunes as Paper Ceilings) put together a few compilation records that featured dozens of active folk and punk acts. This included a handful of neighboring acts in California, who I'd end up playing quite a few shows with shortly after the release of Folk-O-Rama: Vol. 1. The relationships I've built within this community are in no means exclusive to the local scene in Southern California. I've had the chance to play with a considerable amount of the musicians who played on those compilations and come from all over the US, which is something I'm very grateful for. Additionally, to add the context of where I currently reside, Santa Cruz stands out to me as a community that heavily supports local music, as Adult School has been kept consistently busy. When and wherever we play, we'll probably always say that we're “from Santa Cruz.”
Do you feel like your music represents you well as a person? What do you want people to take away from your music?
That first question is something that I've thought about more over the last year, than I ever have. I think it shows with the adjustments I've made, topically and aesthetically, to the Just Nick catalogue with the Critters release. Working on that project, taking the focus away from the “I” and surrendering it over to a cast character that don't naturally have the autonomy to speak for themselves, gave way to a creative and personal progress. More simply said, Critters is a response to the feelings of inauthenticity that I feel as a result of a continued relevance of my first two records. It's not too often that I disagree with the narratives of my past projects, yet I still feel responsible to steer clear of themes of naivety I employed within ‘em. I see songwriting as a way to throw myself into a perspective or story I may have otherwise never experienced, as imitative arts often ask one to do.
What's a favorite show you've been to?
Recently, Adult School was given the opportunity to play a few shows along the California coast with two bands from Portland, On Drugs & Horse Movies. One of the shows, we hosted at our home in Santa Cruz, where we typically throw shows on a month-to-month basis. Also on tour from San Diego, Cheeks joined the party, and every set was special in its own way. We danced, we sang, we smiled, and we even broke a window. Unmistakably, it was some of the most fun I've had in quite awhile. Do me a favor and be sure to go give all those bands some love.
If you could play a set with anyone, who would it be? What's your dream venue for the show?
Undoubtedly, I'd want to play a set with John Darnielle of the Mountain Goats. Ideally, it would happen in my living room and we'd all play D&D together after the show.
What's the best show you've ever played?
That's a tough one. I tend to have the fondest memories from particular shows that have provided some personal insight as to why I continue to write and perform. It's not entirely determined by my opinion of how well I did that night. A few years ago, I was booked to open up for a musician that I held in very high regard, and come the night of the show, I'd completely lost my voice. Against better judgment, I went on up and played. I'd say that might've been one of my best, albeit the terrible performance. On the other hand, a lot of my performances with Adult School have also given me those same gut feelings of fulfillment. The full-band dynamic gives me the opportunity to get a little wilder, which is somethin' I can't always do at solo shows.
Is there a song you've written that's your favorite or that you are particularly proud of?
As I'm sure it's the case for many songwriters, I'm generally biased towards whatever it is I've most recently wrapped up; that being so, one of the newer tunes called “Thanks, Delacroix” is unique insofar that it appeared as a poem, prior to being put to music. I guess that may be the case for a lot of the post-Critters tunes, but these are some of the only lyrics I haven't modified from their original draft to fit to the rhythm of the melody. The lyrics are pretty wacky, too. It finds the speaker in a getaway car occupied by their partner-in-crime, alongside Eugene Delacroix's interpretation of Mephistopheles, and accompanied by hints of Robert Johnson's “Crossroad Blues.” I had a lot of fun putting it together, and it was definitely a spontaneous one.
What's the last song you listened to?
Leonard Cohen's, “Love Calls You By Your Name.” Shortly after they passed in 2016, I picked up Songs of Love and Hate, and New Skin For The Old Ceremony, both wonderful collections of songs, or at the very least, a good mix of sadness and wit.
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
I might be interpreting this question incorrectly, but nonetheless, I've always dreamt of being a doctor. No, not like the kind of doctor that takes out people's guts, but the kind that write books and give lectures. So yeah, that's somethin' I'm working on. Weird, huh?
What's your favorite smell?
Old books.
What can we expect from you in 2017?
The first Adult School full-length will be available in the spring. I'm especially proud of this one. We've been practicing and performing quite consistently despite packed schedules, and it's been real' fun to spend that time with my friends. Shortly after the release we'll be playing a handful of shows in the Northwest, and plan to hit Southern California in the early summer. Throughout this first half of the year, I'll also be wrapping up another collection of songs for Just Nick, which will play with some new production styles and themes. It's definitely going to be a busy year for me.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
international
Four Pakistan Air Force aircraft carrying rescue and relief aid would be flown to the quake-hit Himalayan country of Nepal, media reported on Sunday
Islamabad: Four Pakistan Air Force aircraft carrying rescue and relief aid would be flown to the quake-hit Himalayan country of Nepal, media reported on Sunday.
"Four C-130 aircraft carrying a 30-bed hospital, special search and rescue teams and relief items will be dispatched to Nepal on Sunday," the Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) said.
Nepal Earthquake: The day the Earth shook
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif offered the humanitarian assistance over a telephonic conversation with their Nepalese counterpart Sushil Koirala, Dawn online reported.
The 30-bed hospital comprises of a team of Pakistan Army specialist doctors, including surgical, medical, orthopaedic, gynaecologist, anaesthesiologist, child specialist, radiologist and paramedics.
An urban search and rescue team of Pakistan Army which is highly specialised in rescue operations during natural disasters is also being sent.
The search and rescue team is equipped with ground penetrating radars and concrete cutter. The team is specially trained to search people trapped in rubble.
A massive 7.9-magnitude quake, followed by a second 7.0-magnitude quake, that hit Nepal on Saturday, left over 1,800 people dead.
Also read: Death and destruction as massive earthquake hits Nepal
The quake had its epicentre in Lamjung district, around 75 km northwest of capital Kathmandu.
The tremors also jolted Tibet, India, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
RANGERS have been ordered to pay £250,000 after failing in a bid to reverse a penalty handed down by the SPFL for failing to declare EBT side letters.
The punishment was originally handed down to the oldco by Lord Nimmo Smith in 2013, but three High Court judges – gathered at an independent SFA tribunal – has told the club it is liable for the fine.
The club was ruled not to have gained an unfair sporting advantage from the controversial tax avoidance scheme – the club kept its titles won during Sir David Murray's tenure, when the EBTs were in place.
READ MORE: Paul Gascoigne vows to renew alcoholism battle after tabloid relevations
But in the unlikely event Rangers lodge a further appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport, the club will have no choice but to pay the fine.
Gleaned from a senior SPFL source, the Daily Record also said the newco had agreed in principle to assume liability for the fine as part of an agreement to play in the third division following the oldco's collapse four years ago.
Rangers did not comment on the story.
READ MORE: Rumour Mill: Rangers hit with oldco's EBT fine
Future Scotland: Scotland's tech sector, innovation and big ideas >>
On Monday, the NDP released an attack ad targeting the Conservatives' record of electoral offences.
The faces of one federal Conservative after another are shown set to dramatic music. One by one, a red stamp announces a word, like, “Charged”, “Sent to jail” or “Fraud.”
The problem is, many of the people mentioned in the ad have not actually been convicted of any crime, something that the ad does not make especially clear.
Here's a look at the people mentioned in the ad:
Irving Gerstein – Head of Conservative Fundraising
Charged
This is true, Senator Irving Gerstein was charged in relation to the “in-and-out” scheme, in which the Conservative Party broke election spending rules in the 2006 election.
What the NDP ad doesn't say is that the charges against Gerstein were withdrawn.
Conservative Party of Canada
Guilty of election fraud
The deal which saw the charges against Gerstein being dropped also saw the Conservative Party fined $52,000 for breaking the Election Act. So, this is accurate.
Patrick Brazeau – Harper Senator
Fraud
Brazeau has been charged with breach of trust and fraud, but they haven't been found guilty. Their trial is currently set for March 2016.
Bruce Carson – Former Harper Advisor
Illegal lobbying
Carson has been charged with illegal lobbying, but they haven't been found guilty.
Michael Sona – Conservative Robocall Operative
Sent to jail
Sona was indeed sent to jail, convicted of preventing or endeavouring to prevent an elector from voting in connection with the Guelph robocalls scandal in the 2011 election. They were sentenced to nine months in prison, and 12 months of probation, though according to an April 2015 news report, they only spent a few days in prison before being released on bail. They intend to appeal the sentence, though not the conviction.
Peter Penashue – Campaign Agent
Illegal contributions
Reg Bowers, official agent for former Conservative MP Peter Penashue, was charged with taking illegal contributions from corporations during the 2011 election. Penashue resigned over the case and was defeated in a 2013 byelection. Bowers has been charged, but not convicted. They made a first appearance in court in June and is due back in early August.
Saulie Zajdel – Harper Candidate
Bribery
Zajdel pleaded guilty to charges of breach of trust and corruption in May 2015. The charges related to real estate deals made while they were a Montreal city councillor.
Although it's true that Zajdel once ran unsuccessfully for the Conservatives, these charges are about things that happened while they were a councillor – not a Conservative candidate.
Mike Duffy – Harper Senator
31 charges
Mike Duffy is currently on trial on 31 charges, including fraud, bribery and breach of trust. The trial is scheduled to resume in August. Many of the issues do relate to their housing funds.
Pamela Wallin – Harper Senator
Under investigation
Pamela Wallin is currently being investigated by the RCMP with regard to their travel expenses, though no charges have been laid.
One third of the Senate
Under investigation
A Toronto Star report from June suggests that the RCMP is investigating 30 senators who have been flagged for questionable spending. As there are currently 105 sitting senators, the NDP is rounding up a little here, particularly since some of those whose spending is being investigated are no longer sitting. Correction: there are only 83 sitting senators at the moment. So, 30 of 83 is actually slightly more than one third of the Senate, though it is still true that some of those under investigation are not currently sitting. Apologies for the error, and thanks to readers for fact-checking the fact-check.
It's unclear whether one of the senators in the graphic, Don Meredith, is actually being investigated by the RCMP, though the Senate ethics officer is looking into allegations that they were having a sexual relationship with a 16-year-old-girl, according to a news report.
Dean Del Mastro – Harper ethics spokesperson
Sent to jail
This is true. Del Mastro was sentenced on June 25 for electoral fraud. They were sentenced to one month in jail. They spent one night there, before being released on bail pending an appeal of their conviction.
A new study finds that while Democrats are generally more "pro-science" than other political groups, Republicans are also inclined to defer to science across a range of policy issues. In fact, there are only four issues where Republicans exhibit less trust than independents: global warming, evolution, gay adoption, and mandatory health insurance. This new study is part of the March 2015 issue of The ANNALS of the American Academy of Political and Social Science.
"Republicans are not especially different from independents (and other non-Democrats) in their willingness to defer to science," wrote the study's authors. "Indeed, controlling for ideology and demographic factors, Republican identification is associated with an increase in the deference to science for fourteen of sixteen issues: all but mandatory health insurance and gay adoption. And even here the effect is not statistically significant."
Researchers Joshua M. Blank and Daron Shaw examined a 2013 survey of 2,000 registered voters in the U.S. The researchers examined respondents' deference to science on a scale of 0-10 when it came to 14 policy issues, including child vaccinations, stem cell research, global warming, child obesity and diet, AIDS prevention, birth control education, legalizing drug use, gun control, regulation of nuclear power, animal testing, and teaching evolution in schools.
They found that for only four issues did Republicans give less than a midpoint score of 5: global warming (4.8), evolution (4.4), gay adoption (3.9), and mandatory health insurance (3.5).
Other findings include the following:
The average score on the "deference-to-science" measure for all respondents on all issues was 6.4.
Of the topics studied, the six issues where people of all political affiliations are most likely to defer to science were mandatory vaccines, AIDS prevention, nuclear, power, childhood obesity, birth control, and stem cell research.
The issues that received the lowest deference scores were biotech foods, legalizing drug use, animal testing, evolution, mandatory health insurance, and gay adoption.
The average deference score across all issues was 7.5 for Democrats, 5.6 for Republicans, and 5.8 for independents.
The study's authors continued, "Our results suggest that scientific recommendations on public policy are taken seriously by partisans of all stripes. Thus, what science has to say about an issue appears to be a reasonable starting point for lawmakers or bureaucrats seeking to forge consensus on a given issue; in a time of extreme polarization, there is some reason to believe that science can offer common ground."
MADISON, Wis. — The police chief in Wisconsin's capital city vented their frustration with black protesters Monday, writing that he's sick of their officers getting blamed for “everything from male pattern baldness to global warming.”
Tension between blacks and police has been high in many U.S. communities because of the high-profile killings of black men by white officers, including Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, Eric Garner in New York City and Dontre Hamilton in Milwaukee. A gunman who claimed they were retaliating for Brown and Garner's deaths shot and killed two New York officers last month.
A group called the Young, Gifted and Black Coalition has been staging occasional rallies in Madison to protest the deaths and funding for a new Dane County jail, marching in the streets and disrupting traffic. On Friday, the group sent Madison Police Chief Michael Koval a letter calling for the release of 350 black people from the Dane County jail. The group also demanded that police stay out of black neighborhoods, calling the department an occupying force.
“The relationship that we desire to have with police is simple: no interaction,” the group wrote.
Koval, who is white, responded with a lengthy blog post on Monday. They wrote that officers have done their best to protect the group's free-speech rights during its protests, but that the group's ultimatums “are beyond the pale” and that they don't buy into the argument that Madison's racial issues are emblematic of systemic bias within their agency.
“In fact, I'm fed up with my Department being blamed for everything from male pattern baldness to global warming. It is time for Young, Gifted and Black to look a lot deeper at the issues besetting our people of color and stop pandering to the ‘blame game' of throwing my Department to the wolves,” they wrote. “I'm done with allowing this kind of rhetoric to go unchallenged.”
They called the group's demand for police to stay out of black neighborhoods untenable and questioned whether the group really wants the police to ignore calls for help. Rather than leaving black people alone, they promised officers would interact with them more in an an effort to build relationships.
“You would have us ignore and dismiss the rights of the neighbors who are complainants, witnesses and victims?” they wrote. “Are you really advocating that the police abdicate our responsibilities to these folks?”
Koval added that he's not afraid to speak their mind.
“Perhaps others in Madison are afraid to violate the rules of political correctness and say what I am saying (including the media). I cannot control the public debate, but I will not stay silent,” they wrote. “I am 56 years old, this is my last job, and I am calling you out as a group (I guess it's a good thing that I don't run for public office and can say what I mean and mean what I say).”
The Young, Gifted and Black Coalition responded to an email sent to its general mailbox seeking comment that the group would discuss how to respond at a meeting Monday evening and would comment on Tuesday.
The New Mexico State Aggies will play at the BYU Cougars in 2018, FBSchedules.com has learned.
New Mexico State will travel to take on BYU at LaVell Edwards Stadium in Provo, Utah on Nov. 17, 2018. BYU will pay the Aggies a $700,000 guarantee for the game, according to a copy of the contract obtained from NMSU via a public records request. The contract also stipulates a $1 million cancellation fee.
BYU was previously scheduled to host Hawaii on Nov. 17, 2018, so that matchup will be moved to another date in 2018 or to a future season.
BYU and New Mexico State have met twice on the gridiron. The Cougars came out victorious in both contests, winning 42-7 in Provo in 2011 and 50-14 in Las Cruces in 2012.
The Cougars now have 11 games scheduled for the 2018 season (excluding the Hawaii game). Home opponents include California, McNeese State, Utah State, Northern Illinois, and New Mexico State. BYU will travel to Arizona, Wisconsin, Washington, Boise State, UMass, and Utah.
New Mexico State, currently a member of the Sun Belt Conference, will be an FBS Independent beginning in 2018. The Aggies are close to completing their schedule with nine opponents now lined up.
Opponents for New Mexico State in 2018 include Wyoming, Liberty, New Mexico, and Georgia Southern at home and Minnesota, UL Lafayette, UTEP, BYU, and Liberty on the road.
Football Schedules
John Buchanan is the former coach of the Australian national cricket team and the Kolkata Knight Riders team in the Indian Premier League. Since their retirement from cricket John has turned their coaching and leadership skills to a business coaching career – Buchanan Success Coaching. Better Business caught up with John Buchanan to ask how they draw on their knowledge and experience as coach of an elite level sport to help build and improve leadership skills in the business world. Here is what John shared with us.
The path to elite level coaching
John Buchanan never set out to be the coach of the Australian cricket team. They set out to be a player. At some point in their career, ambition and ability went in different directions. In 1994 the opportunity arose to apply for the role of coach to the Queensland cricket team. “If you asked a leader what their coaching or leadership philosophy would be, most couldn't say,” John said. That application became a watershed moment in John's life. They knew they had to understand themselves first before they could be clear on what they could bring to the coaching role. It was necessary for John to draw on their experience as an administrator, teacher and parent (the hardest coaching job of all!) Initially they didn't believe they really ‘had it' but they came to realise they had actually been ‘coaching' for some time. Their approach was to build relationships with athletes and staff, look at all the systems and processes to keep what was working and change the procedures that weren't. After 5 successful years as coach of Queensland, the role of Head Coach to the Australian cricket team came up in October 1999. With only one year playing first class cricket John's player credentials were low so they had to prove their coaching credentials instead. To the surprise of some they were appointed to the role of Head Coach. It was a position they held for almost 8 years before retiring from the role with a winning record of nearly 75%.
The challenges as Australian coach
“Coaching is about relationships - some are simply more challenging than others,” John said. “It is critical to know your philosophy and value set and be the same person day in and day out so your message is always the same.“ We asked John “How do you work with a team that undermines you?” John said “It is not a team that undermines you but there will always be those few that resist.” A top player can think “what can this bloke teach me?” Shane Warne was a great player whose voice naturally commanded authority within the Australian cricket team. Despite reported criticism of John, Shane quickly came to understand where John wanted to take the team. John makes it clear coaching is not a popularity contest - “when a new coach is introduced to a team you are employed as a ‘change agent' - you haven't been brought on board to keep doing the same. As a leader you have to know that and make the line clear by both your words AND actions.” John says some people will be distant no matter what you do. There is always a cost/benefit analysis happening. A leader needs to look for ‘disciples', ie people who are more in tune with you so the dissenters are managed by the majority or the rest of the group. But the team needs to know that those who ARE on board will be supported by the coach.
Does this sound familiar to a working environment?
It's easy to see how John has been able to successfully apply their coaching experience to leadership and management in the business world. John shared their observations of where business owners can learn from the sporting world.
Sport vs business
many business owners develop a strategic plan over 3 to 5 years but are consumed by getting the results today. John understands that business needs results however they believe many owners spend too much time concerned with the bottom line and NOT enough time on how they got there. If business is going well then what is it they are doing well? In John's view people who control teams are often more worried about protecting their own job than the staff within their team.
To get the right people you need to:
Attract
Empower
Retain
An interesting aspect of John's approach is that they not only draws from their many successful experiences they also draw from some of their less successful campaigns. These provide additional insights to becoming a high performance business and team. “Every business needs an environment that encourages people to have a go,” John said. Even if the outcome is not exactly as planned the team can learn from the results. This can be possible with the right leadership.
Is everyone coachable?
“Yes,” said John “but whether they WANT to be is questionable.” John uses the analogy of climbing Everest to describe the journey to a successful end goal. Having the vision however is not necessarily enough. You need the right people with the right skills to get there. Many business people will be familiar with the term ‘having the right people on the bus'. If the combination of skills is not right to achieve the business goals then managers need to analyse the team and define the skills required to get there. They must ensure everyone in the team has those skills, or that all the necessary skills are contained within the team - but not necessarily by one person or in every person. One particular advantage John identifies in a business environment is that the team is with their manager every day. By comparison an international cricket team will only come together leading up to and during a cricket series.
Performance management
When it comes to job performance management John believes it is important for individuals to be their own best coach. In other words they will own their problems – total accountability and responsibility. Consequently, actions or behaviours can tell you when someone doesn't want to be part of the team. This is where the skill of leaders and managers come to the fore and rely on critical coaching components. In sport, player performance is constantly measured. In business, performance management usually only happens every 6 to 12 months. This can lead to a disconnection between the manager and employee. Some form of measurement needs to be in place every day. In John's opinion, the opportunity for better performance management is a game changer for business. Most business owners would question how they would find the time to do this but John believes if you invest in your people you get the return. Investing in them to become leaders will lead to discretionary results. People will work smarter, harder, more creatively, with innovation and more likely remain loyal to the business, at least for longer. Without that investment it may be difficult to rely on or trust staff to deliver.
Leadership qualities
One of the biggest drawbacks in business can be how a leader leads. Like John's own watershed moment, taking the time to understand your own philosophy can help you attract people who can support the delivery of outcomes. Controlling managers have often learnt from previous managers and probably won't have a consistently peak performance business.
Business people vs elite athletes
Business people are often self-driven and determined to be the best that they can be BUT they don't have a coach or choose not to invest in one. Elite athletes would not excel to the top without a coach, however most business owners try to do the same without one. A good coach works to ensure elite athletes are
. To do this they must:
prepare
understand the game plan
deliver on that plan
A good business coach will do the same with the business owner.
A sporting team is in competition on a weekend and has 4 to 5 days to prepare.
Business owners are trying to be everything - leader and coach - so time and resources are often a big challenge. Business owners need to ask how THEY need to train and prepare to give themselves – and their team - the best chance to achieve their performance plans. This is where an in-house business coaching methodology can transform the results of a business. We asked John “What are the benefits to a business owner of engaging a coach?” John advised that as a business you need to ask yourself “do we want to be high performance or NOT?” High performing businesses:
dominate the marketplace for a long time, and
are market leaders, even during downtimes
As the ‘leader' of a business you may have to do some soul searching to see if you and everyone within your business is committed to a high performance goal. Regardless, having a coach to help you and your team get there will no doubt bring you closer to your goal. John Buchanan is also on the Advisory Board of Victorian Leaders, a unique business development organisation focused on inspiring the next generation of leading companies. The Advisory Board - consisting of leading Australian executive and non-executive directors - assists in developing the ongoing strategic direction of the Victorian Leaders network. Victorian Leaders assists companies to achieve sustainable growth, manage succession planning and evaluate entry and exit strategies for their businesses. Using a combination of experience and its networks it operates a range of initiatives designed to benefit companies at different stages of growth via access to workshops, presentations, mentoring and one-to-one advice from executives within industry partner companies. You can learn more about Victorian Leaders at www.vicleaders.com.au
