HTC has had a tough go of it for a few years now, struggling to bring in profits and gain marketshare in the smartphone industry due to heavy competition from emerging Chinese OEMs and other big-name companies like Samsung and Apple. HTC have consistently been producing smartphones each year, but to no avail they can't seem to come back from the brink so to speak, posting their lowest revenue in a decade as of last month's posted numbers, which shows them at a decrease of 36.64 percent compared to November of 2015, and a decrease of 57.08 percent compared to their numbers in December of 2014. The last time they had revenues this low was in October of 2005, years before the iPhone and the first Android-powered device.
Despite HTC's failing to succeed in the smartphone market though, the company, and CEO Cher Wang in particular, seem to be in rather good spirits, and it seems to have quite a lot to do with HTC's recent unveiling of the wearable they manufactured in partnership with Under Armour, as well as and more so because of their development with the HTC Vive virtual reality headset they partnered with video game company Valve to create. Recently Cher Wang was quoted saying that they view virtual reality technology as more important than smartphones, as the future of technology is headed in that direction.
With this being their stance on how HTC operates and what they will likely dump the most time into developing, it begs the question of whether or not this is the right call for the company. HTC is a manufacturer that has long been known for their stellar work in mobile devices, even if they're glory days are well behind them. It's precisely that reason though that it just might be the best idea HTC has had in awhile. Putting the majority of their focus and efforts into developing VR technology may be what helps them flourish once again and gain back positive revenues, as smartphones certainly aren't getting the job done like they used to.
Is VR really the path toward profits for HTC, or are they just biding their time until the novelty of VR wears off and consumers lose interest? Either is a possibility, and there's no way to know for sure right now, but HTC has few things going for it in the VR space that could tip the scales in their favor. Right now, the HTC Vive seems to be the VR headset which has garnered the most interest out of all the competing products. It'll have a heavy focus on gaming, and gamers are passionate about their products and experiences, so HTC could be tapping into a gold mine here. Even if the HTC Vive was only focused on gaming (it's not, and will be capable of far more than just game interaction) they would still be in for a possible boom in profits. According to a report from Newzoo in April of last year on the Top 100 countries by game revenue, the video game industry globally was estimated to hit $91,252,478,000 for the year of 2015. That's a lot of money that HTC had no part of, with Vive though that could all change, and games, by way of VR, could be a huge cash cow for the Taiwanese mobile device manufacturer.
Aside from tapping into one of the fastest growing markets, HTC also has Valve behind them on the product, and this is where they're going to capture the attention of many gamers. Valve is the company responsible for the wildly popular Steam gaming platform on PC which holds numerous sales on games every year. Sales so low that some of the game purchases are impossible to pass up if you're a PC gamer. It's these kinds of sales that have earned Steam and Valve such a huge following, and precisely why they make so much money. According to research put together by market data firm SuperData which they provided to "The Know," (a channel on YouTube focused on all things gaming) Valve is estimated to have made around $400 Million on just three of their own game titles in 2014 which include DOTA 2, Team Fortress 2, and Counter-Strike: GO. On top of the money from those three games, Valve makes 30% of all third-party games sold through steam which collectively puts Valve's 2014 total revenue at an estimated $1.5 Billion.
It's important to note that these are just estimates as Valve doesn't release exact revenue numbers for Steam, but even still that's a whole boatload of cash, and those estimates are conservative so there is potential that their 2014 revenue could be even higher than that estimated number. That total revenue jumps to more than twice that amount for 2015, in which Valve has been estimated to make around $3.5 Billion from Steam purchases alone. Why does all this matter? Because Valve is a moneymaking behemoth with games, and Valve is who HTC is jumping into bed with to make their VR headset. The point is, Valve knows what they're doing in the gaming industry, and everything they do, including helping HTC in developing VR technology, ties back to Steam, and if the Vive allows interaction with Steam content in some way, it stands to reason that there could be plenty of money to be made for both Valve and HTC.
VR may be in the early stages right now, but that could very easily change in the next few years. This isn't the first time consumers have had the opportunity to experience VR, as attempts have been made before in the early 90's. Compared to back then, though, the technology behind VR today is much more advanced and set up to deliver a far more compelling experience. This is likely only amplified by the content partners which HTC has already promised for the Vive headset including the likes of Google, Lionsgate, and HBO, and this is in addition to the SteamVR platform which Valve is handling. The same market data firm that estimated Valve's 2014 revenues also calculated the potential success of virtual reality technology for this year, which they have estimated to reach $5.1 Billion in sales. Their estimates also point to a possible $12.3 Billion market for VR technology in 2018.
Looking even further ahead, according to Business Insider, Goldman Sachs estimates that within ten years VR will be a larger market than TV. By all accounts, at least, by the estimated numbers, virtual reality looks to be a vastly lucrative industry and technology. Considering all of this, it begins to make a little more sense why HTC may be placing so much emphasis on VR and the HTC Vive headset. It's not that HTC knows something the rest of the world does not, predictions simply point towards VR being huge in the next few years and only continuing to grow moving forward. Is HTC making the right call by deciding VR is more important than smartphones for them? Perhaps. It's still too early to tell. One thing is highly likely though. The HTC Vive is slated to be an extremely popular VR product, and while its closest competitor - the Oculus Rift- is sure to do well also, the Oculus Rift doesn't have Valve in their corner helping to develop an ecosystem and that could be a massive benefit for HTC. It might be a few years before HTC and Valve are sitting on mountains of cash from the VR gold rush, but based on the analytics so far and the continuing decline in HTC's smartphone profits, VR looks to be the right move for them.
Recently, Baidu CEO Robin Li interviewed Bill Gates and Elon Musk about a range of topics, including machine superintelligence. Here is a transcript of that section of their conversation:
Li : I understand, Elon, that recently you said artificial intelligence advances are like summoning the demon. That generated a lot of hot debate. Baidu's chief scientist Andrew Ng recently said… that worrying about the dark side of artificial intelligence is like worrying about overpopulation on Mars… They said it's a distraction to those working on artificial intelligence.
Musk : I think that's a radically inaccurate analogy, and I know a bit about Mars. The risks of digital superintelligence… and I want you to appreciate that it wouldn't just be human-level, it would be superhuman almost immediately; it would just zip right past humans to be way beyond anything we could really imagine.
A more perfect analogy would be if you consider nuclear research, with its potential for a very dangerous weapon. Releasing the energy is easy; containing that energy safely is very difficult. And so I think the right emphasis for AI research is on AI safety. We should put vastly more effort into AI safety than we should into advancing AI in the first place. Because it may be good, or it may be bad. And it could be catastrophically bad if there could be the equivalent to a nuclear meltdown. So you really want to emphasize safety.
So I'm not against the advancement of AI… but I do think we should be extremely careful. And if that means that it takes a bit longer to develop AI, then I think that's the right trail. We shouldn't be rushing headlong into something we don't understand.
Li : Bill, I know you share similar views with Elon, but is there any difference between you and him?
Gates : I don't think so. I mean they actually put some money out to help get somewhere going on this, and I think that's absolutely fantastic. For people in the audience who want to read about this, I highly recommend this Bostrom book called Superintelligence…
We have a general purpose learning algorithm that evolution has endowed us with, and it's running in an extremely slow computer. Very limited memory size, ability to send data to other computers, we have to use this funny mouth thing here… Whenever we build a new one it starts over and it doesn't know how to walk. So believe me, as soon as this algorithm [points to head], taking experience and turning it into knowledge, which is so amazing and which we have not done in software, as soon as you do that, it's not clear you'll even know when you're just at the human level. You'll be at the superhuman level almost as soon as that algorithm is implanted, in silicon. And actually as time goes by that silicon piece is ready to be implanted, the amount of knowledge, as soon as it has that learning algorithm it just goes out on the internet and reads all the magazine and books… we have essentially been building the content based for the superintelligence.
So I try not to get too exercised about this but when people say it's not a problem, then I really start to [shakes head] get to a point of disagreement. How can they not see what a huge challenge this is?
Posted Wed Jan 27, 2016 11:15 PM
So it's been a little while since I last updated this thread. My wife and I have been having a house built for the past 7 months and just before Christmas we finally were able to move it! It was a great Christmas present for both of us since we had never owned a house before, and this was a completely new build that we were able to customize. I'll post a few pictures as soon as the game room is completely set up, but the first thing I made sure I did was get my Colecovision stuff put away and *somewhat* organized (ok, I admit, it's not really organized at all, but at least it's all in one place, which is better than it was before at the old house!)
Anyway, on to a few pics of what I've got put together so far, and a few items I want to focus on....
So if you've followed this thread, you know that I finally was able to complete my "one of each officially released game" goal. And these pictures will show some of those carts and/or boxes. I'm also trying to get as many homebrews and cool re-productions as possible. Not everything I have is pictured, but it's probably a good 80%. Here goes....
We'll start with my shelves of homebrews and re-pros. Here we have the Pixelboy collection, which I *think* is a complete collection of all the traditional sized boxed games they made...
Below that are many of the CollectorVision library with a few others as well...
Next shelf down is a lot of re-productions and other one-off or stand-alone homebrews. (Don't worry, at some point I will figure out a way to organize them all better. Maybe alphabetical. Maybe by homebrewer. Haven't decided yet. Any ideas?)
More re-productions and some of the officially released games I have. There are more boxed original releases not shown here, but this is probably my "favorites" of the lot. I'm probably not going to go for a complete collection of boxed released games as there are just quite a few that I don't really care about. I have the loose cart and that's good enough for me.
More odds & ends. Some hardware, some CV press kits. Not sure how I ended up with 3 SGMs, but there they are! lol
A few more games and some extras that I have that will actually end up going to some friends who are collecting but not quite as insane as I am!
More random stuff with some juice boxes! Oddly enough, I've also ended up with three of those as well! I'm pretty much ready for any SGM apocalypse that might happen in Orlando! lol
And here is my main Colecovision and Adam system. A few of my favorite accessories as well. I admit I play most of my Colecovision with Nintendo control pads! Everything is all hooked up and ready to play!
Let's go to my big bin of loose games. Most of them are in there. I think (I hope!) all my Xonox Double Enders are still in a box in the closet. I'll get those out soon!
Yup, lots of loose carts!
Here are a few notable items that I just want to call out that came in over the last 6 weeks....
Holy cow! Light Grid Racing and Bomb Jack! Both are just.... AWESOME!!! I will be totally doing a review of them soon and these games are just more examples of why I love this homebrew community! First off, Bomb Jack is exactly... *EXACTLY* the quality of game I would expect when I was chomping at the bit for more arcade to home conversions as a 13 year old gaming dork in 1983. And I don't care if it's 33 years later, I'm just as happy to have it now as I would have then! Great job! Light Grid - WOW! What an AWESOME way to take one section of a hugely popular game and turn it into something fantastic! Both of these games, combined with titles like Boxxle, Mr. Turtle, Bagman, and many others that came out in 2015 just show how much passion there still is for this old clunker of a system! Truly amazing year for homebrews!
I want to send a HUGE thank-you out to Rey for helping me out with some Adam floppy disks. They answered the call and I'm happy that they did! Growing up I never had an Adam disk drive and this to me is just awesome! When I got the box of floppies in the mail I told them "I haven't been this happy to get a package full of 5 1/4-inch floppy disks in 25 years!" lol And it's totally true! Thanks, dude!
What a crazy end to my year! It started having next to nothing other than a base Colecovision system and a few common carts to everything you see in these photos! And I have this community to thank for a HUGE portion of all of that! So thank you to everyone who has helped me out!
More stuff coming soon once I get a little more settled into the new place!
The UK Border Agency has disclosed that it is working on plans for fast-track passport lanes for rich travellers at Heathrow and other British airports so it can avoid a repeat of the two-hour queues witnessed this year. Brian Moore, the departing head of the UK Border Force, told MPs that "high-value" people who were considered valuable passengers by the airlines or valuable to the British economy would be given priority treatment at immigration control under the plans.
It would be an extension of a priority queueing system tried out this year at Heathrow, under which passengers from Australia, Canada, the US, New Zealand and other mainly "old Commonwealth" countries who do not need a visa to enter Britain would be fast-tracked.
Moore told the Commons home affairs select committee: "It is an idea that officials are discussing with port operators. It will then go back to ministers for them to consider whether and how it is going to be progressed. It is an idea that is being pursued."
Keith Vaz, the committee chair, pressed Moore as to whether it meant the super-rich would have a fast-track into Britain. Moore said it would cover people who were "valuable to the economy and were valued by the airlines". They said the move was intended to demonstrate that Britain was "open for business".
The plan is likely to be seen as highly divisive, especially if there is any repeat of the two-hour queues at passport control earlier this year and in the runup to the Olympics. Even at normal times, passengers from outside the EU are expected to queue for up to 45 minutes to get through passport control at Heathrow. The airport has a target to keep passport queues below 25 minutes for passengers with EU passports.
UKBA declined to give any further detail on who would qualify as a "high-value business person" to get such preferential treatment. But it could be safely assumed that frequent business-class flyers might well be nominated by airlines to qualify. Other wealthy individuals and their families that British embassies, consulates and large companies nominate as valuable to the UK economy might also be offered such a fast-track into Britain.
Moore said similar fast-track schemes were in operation in other countries, with some airlines offering first-class ticket holders speedy passport checks.
The super-rich from outside Europe have already been offered a fast track to settle in Britain under immigration rule changes proposed last year. Overseas "super-investors" who are willing to keep £5m in a UK bank account are to be given the right to stay indefinitely in Britain after only three years, two years faster than the five-year wait imposed on every other migrant. An overseas investor who is willing to deposit more than £10m will be able to stay after an even shorter period: two years.
This contrasts sharply with the new minimum income threshold of £22,400 a year introduced in July for a British citizen wanting to bring an overseas spouse and child into the country to live with them.
Syrian tanks Wikipedia Commons Both Turkey and Syria have reportedly sent troops to their shared border in the aftermath of the downing of a Turkish jet last week.
Yesterday Al Arabiya reported that Turkey was deploying troops and at least 30 Turkish military vehicles equipped with anti-aircraft rocket launchers to the border, straight west of Aleppo — Syria's largest city — as a precautionary measure after one of its jets was shot down on June 22 after the jet had strayed into Syrian airspace for five minutes.
Today Free Syria Army (FSA) General Mustafa al-Sheikh, head of the association of senior officers who defected from President Bashar al-Assad's forces (i.e. Higher Military Council), told Reuters that about 170 Syrian tanks had assembled north of Aleppo, about 19 miles from the Turkish border.
Rebels told Reuters that last night Syrian helicopter gunships bombarded a strategic town in northern Syria overnight and tanks closed in on Aleppo, but stayed away from the new Turkish defenses on the border.
All of this comes at a time when the violence and tempo of the conflict is increasing as June 21 marked the deadliest day since the U.N.-backed ceasefire came into force on April 12 and Syrian insurgents have been increasingly effective as they have struck three high-profile targets this week.
On Tuesday al-Assad told government officials that they "live in a real state of war from all angles" and that "all policies and all sides and all sectors need to be directed at winning this war."
About 3,000 civilians and opposition fighters have been already killed so far this month, according to Britain-based expatriate group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
On June 22 Syria shot down an unarmed, Turkish two-seat F-4 Phantom jet— Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc said it was a reconnaissance aircraft— over the Mediterranean. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan accused Syria of a "hostile" and "heinous attack" in shooting down the army jet without warning and ordered their troops near the border to treat any approaching Syrian military element approaching as a military target.
Turkey claimed that Syria also shot at one of the search and rescue planes that were looking for the downed jet's two pilots. Investigators eventually found two pairs of boots and two helmets near the wreckage but no pilots.
Turkey subsequently appealed to NATO under Article 4, which deals with what happens when the "territorial integrity, political independence or security of any of the Parties is threatened," and pushed the international community to consider the incident as an attack on the whole military alliance.
Western officials, including U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and British Foreign Minister William Hague, strongly condemned Syria's actions while UN accuses Assad-directed Syrian forces of killing more than 10,000 people during the conflict.
Western- and Arab-backed efforts to form a joint diplomatic approach with Russia have so far failed while all sides agree that Turkish military intervention would require full NATO support.
Turkey shelters the rebel Free Syria Army and hosts 32,000 Syrian refugees on its southeastern border with Syria (i.e. about 30 miles from where the Turkish jet was shot down). It denies providing arms for the insurgents, but the U.S. and Arab states have provided rebels with "non-lethal communication equipment and other technical assistance" and there are reports that the U.S. sent mercenaries to fight with the insurgency.
Over the weekend Syria said that it had killed several "terrorists" infiltrating from Turkey.
New York City cab drivers turned mounting chaos at John F. Kennedy International Airport into even more of a snarl with a strike to protest President Donald Trump's crackdown on refugees and support travelers trapped by their executive order.
As hundreds of protesters packed the streets outside JFK's Terminal 4, cabbies stopped whisking people from the airport for an hour on Saturday evening, leaving the taxi line empty and a growing number of frantic travelers scrambling to find alternative transportation.
“We cannot be silent,” the New York Taxi Workers Alliance tweeted. “We go to work to welcome people to a land that once welcomed us. We will not be divided.”
The action was launched after about a dozen travelers were detained at the airport under Trump's executive order blocking arrivals from seven predominantly Muslim nations. Demonstrators gathered throughout the day to protest the crackdown. The NYTWA called on all cabbies, including Uber drivers, to join them.
NO PICKUPS @ JFK Airport 6 PM to 7 PM today. Drivers stand in solidarity with thousands protesting inhumane & unconstitutional #MuslimBan. — NY Taxi Workers (@NYTWA) January 28, 2017
We cannot be silent. We go to work to welcome people to a land that once welcomed us. We will not be divided. — NY Taxi Workers (@NYTWA) January 28, 2017
Drivers stand in solidarity w refugees coming to America in search of peace and safety and with those who are simply trying to return home — NY Taxi Workers (@NYTWA) January 28, 2017
A statement from the NYTWA posted on Facebook slammed the “hatred spewed from the bully pulpit.” The union vowed: “Our 19,000-member-strong union stands firmly opposed to Donald Trump's Muslim ban. As an organization whose membership is largely Muslim, a workforce that's almost universally immigrant, and a working-class movement that is rooted in the defense of the oppressed, we say no to this inhumane and unconstitutional ban.”
Protests against Trump's edict shutting out travelers from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen were erupting in airports across the nation on Saturday. Hundreds of protesters gathered at San Francisco International Airport, and police shut down access to one of the airport roads, ABC 7 reported.
One Iraqi man detained at JFK on Friday night was later released. Hameed Khalid Darweesh had worked for the U.S. government for 10 years, including as an interpreter.
(Screenshot: Values Voter Summit)
ACT for America President Brigitte Gabriel said certain U.S. industries seek to hire refugees instead of regular U.S. workers because a refugee's salary is often subsidized through the federal Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC), which means "the regular American goes to the back" of the employment line while refugees are imported and hired, many of whom "do not share our values" and sometimes work "against our own country."
“Refugee resettlement is not about humanitarianism," said Gabriel during their speech at the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C. on Oct. 13. "It is about supplying cheap labor – industries looking to boost their bottom line is what drives most refugee resettlement in the United States today."
"It is food processing, meat packing, manufacturing, and the hotel industry that have discovered that they can enjoy the cheap labor at the expense of the U.S. taxpayer, and at the expense of cultural and societal upheaval that communities are experiencing today," they said.
Gabriel continued, "Here's what I mean by that: Most refugees are on some type of welfare and that makes anyone who employs them, any company that employs them, eligible for the federal Work Opportunity Tax Credit. An employer has a greater incentive to hire a refugee because the salary is subsidized by the government, than hiring a good, hard-working American who is looking for a job."
"This is what's driving the refugee problem," they said. "A refugee's salary is subsidized by the U.S. taxpayer while an average American job is not."
"It's not that Americans don't want to work these cheap jobs," said Gabriel. "It's not that it's beneath them to work these jobs. It's because the companies are not giving them those jobs because they're giving them to cheap refugees paid for by the same American who used to pay their taxes to the Treasury Department when they had a job."
"Now, the regular American is going to the back of the line, paying for the salaries for the refugees we are importing," they said, "importing to this country who hate America, do not share our values, and a lot of them actually are working against our own country.”
Some of the people eligible for the WOTC include food stamp (SNAP) recipients, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) recipients, and Supplemental Security Income recipients.
(Screenshot: YouTube)
Under refugee rules, refugees in the United States can receive TANF funds for up to five years; or Refugee Cash Assistance up to eight months; or SSI benefits up to nine years. Refugees are also eligible for Medicaid/SCHIP up to seven years or Refugee Medical Assistance up to eight months. They also are eligible for other social service benefits, such as employment preparation and job placement services up to five years.
ACT for America, founded in 2007, is a non-partisan grassroots national security organization with 750,000 members. The group focuses on "educating, engaging, and mobilizing citizens and elected officials to impact legislative outcomes to protect America," according to its website.
General relativity has passed every test on Earth. Without correcting for it, GPS systems would not work. But some theorists have suggested that if gravity behaved differently over large distances from what Einstein thought, it would relieve astronomers of the embarrassing need to posit that 96 percent of the universe consists of various kinds of unknown dark stuff. A similar, but larger, kind of deviation from Einsteinian theory could explain the Pioneer anomaly, as it is called.
Pioneers 10 and 11 were launched in 1972 and 1973, respectively, and are now both about 10 billion miles out. They were last heard from in 2003, when the radio signal from Pioneer 10 got too weak to be detected. They were the first spacecraft to go past Jupiter and Saturn (though their biggest impact on pop culture until then might have been a controversy over the nude human figures on a plaque designed for the benefit of any distant aliens who might find them).
In 1998, however, when John D. Anderson of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and their colleagues discovered that the spacecraft were running a little late on their timetable to eternity, it seemed as if general relativity might be up for grabs — allowing the news media to ask their favorite science question: Was Einstein wrong? There was talk of a special deep space probe whose only mission would be to track its own movements.
The effect was slight — slowing the spacecraft by about 300 miles a year — but the crack interplanetary navigators at J.P.L., who can slip a probe through Saturn's rings or buzz the moons of Jupiter, take great pride in their knowledge of the forces and foibles of the solar system.
Slava G. Turyshev, a Russian physicist and gravitational expert working at the laboratory, heard the challenge and took it on, feeling “a sense of responsibility to get to the bottom of it.” And so they set out to reconstruct the history of the Pioneer voyages.
Photo
You might think that would be easy. But the Pioneers spanned the history of the space age and also of the computer age, occasioning a major effort in what Dr. Turyshev calls “space archaeology.”
They and their colleagues had to scour NASA labs for old punch cards and magnetic tapes and for vintage devices that could read the data stored on them — then reformat all that data to a single modern standard.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Among other things, that meant ascertaining the positions of every antenna in NASA's Deep Space Network to an accuracy of one centimeter over all that time.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
It took much longer than Dr. Turyshev had imagined, and they had to depend on money from the Planetary Society as well as from NASA to keep the project going, all the time aware that nobody was ever likely to retrace their footsteps. So they had better get it right.
“The more we learned, the less optimistic we became about new physics,” they said. It became apparent that the fault with the Pioneers' travels turned out to lie not in the stars or the shape of space-time but in the spacecraft themselves.
As designed, they radiated more heat in one direction from the circuits and generators that produced their electricity. And that imbalance, Dr. Turyshev and their colleagues concluded in a recent paper in Physical Review Letters, was all that was needed to explain the Pioneers' behavior.
Gravity did not need to be fixed. Einstein was right again.
In fact they were doubly right, as it turns out.
The idea that light, of which heat radiation is one form, can carry momentum and thus a propulsive force is implicit in the basic equations of electromagnetism. A comet's tail, blown by sunlight, is one example. But it acquired new visceral meaning when Einstein, beginning in 1905, showed that light can be thought of as little particles — now called photons — that carry energy and momentum. As with bullets, if you shoot them in one direction, there will be a recoil in the other.
If you drive at night, Dr. Turyshev explained, “your high beams would emit photons and it would push you back.”
So the Pioneers' problem is that they have been driving the solar system with their high beams on.
Dr. Turyshev said they had set out in search of new physics. When I asked them if they were disappointed at the final results, they laughed and replied: “Of course. People were ready for something big.”
Still, they said, the Einsteinian explanation “also helps.” The findings should help in designing new spacecraft for sensitive missions like measuring gravitational waves.
“It's a win-win,” they said.
You may dream of freaky new physics, but sometimes freaky old physics is all you need.
Ninety per cent of Ontarians support a bigger, stronger Greenbelt — a nearly two million acres swath of protected farmland and natural heritage systems around the country's fastest growing region, the Greater Golden Horseshoe (GGH). It is expected that we will gain 100,000 people a year until 2041.
So when the province's proposed amendments to the Greenbelt Plan came out in May — along with the three other land-use plans under a co-ordinated review — I felt relief. Nothing terrible was being proposed, in fact, there is a modest recommendation to grow the Greenbelt (with Hamilton and Niagara getting two pieces added) totalling 15,000 acres of land and the province is working on a consultation policy as to how to grow the Greenbelt further.
The province plans to identify and map key hydrological areas beyond the Greenbelt, and extend natural heritage, water resources and agricultural systems protections into the GGH. Public land along 21 urban river valleys that feed into lake Ontario and seven coastal wetlands are being proposed for addition to this world-class greenbelt. Disappointingly, Hamilton was not offered urban river valleys of our own to be included in the mix (aside from Fifty Creek).
It is however, a big let down that many communities have been left out of the proposal for an expanded Greenbelt — leaving them vulnerable to existing and future growth pressures and putting massive stress on clean water supplies.
The Greenbelt Plan tells municipalities where they can't grow. The Growth Plan says where and how they can. The Growth Plan helps to preserve the Greenbelt. Together, these plans aim to work holistically toward our shared prosperity across the various sectors.
While the Greenbelt Plan has some proposed changes, it is the Growth Plan that will see significant amendments.
For smarter growth to happen, the Growth Plan is proposing higher intensification targets from 40 per cent to 60 per cent and raising density on new developments from 50 to 80 people and jobs per hectare. More growth will be directed to the existing urban areas and transit. There will be a welcomed focus on integrated planning of all kinds: Infrastructure (transportation, waste), energy and watershed planning, and identification of natural heritage and agriculture and water resource systems in the settlement areas. As well, municipalities will be required to provide data to be used to monitor plan implementation. Finally, a strong, underlying theme is climate change, and this runs throughout the plan.
In all this, let's not lose sight of the fact that more than enough land has already been set aside to accommodate future growth forecasts in the GGH. Neptis Foundation, executive director, Marcy Burchfield explains that there are 107,100 hectares of land already designated for development both from the employment and the residential side until 2031.
"Our research shows that we can build new communities on land that is not already urbanized and intensify our existing communities and still not need to go into the Greenbelt," Marcy says.
The Growth Plan could definitely be stronger. There are major concerns that need to be addressed. For example, there are no municipal hard urban boundaries and the worry is that with settlement area expansions, the risk is that municipalities could apply to have their boundaries expanded every five years, rather than the province leading a process every 10 years when reviewing the plans.
There were no camera crews to witness British Labour politician Thomas Docherty MP grafting in the Amazon warehouse last month. Had there been, they may have captured what their Dunfermline constituents have dubbed the “invisible man” turning up 15 minutes later than regular workers, then performing manual labour in the retailer's largest U.K. warehouse, which happens to be in their constituency.
After opening in 2011 with a £10 million subsidy from the Scottish government and vocal support from Docherty, the Amazon fulfillment center has been condemned by activist groups such as Amazon Anonymous and the GMB union for what they regard as worker exploitation and reportedly not paying the Living Wage. This month, a former stock checker told the Dunfermline Press that they were sacked and accused of “skiving” by bosses after suffering an epileptic fit and a stroke at work.
In a heated phone conversation this week, the shadow minister explained how difficult they found the job of packing boxes for Amazon, claiming multiple times that they didn't have the “aptitude” for the job. The former accountant also repeatedly claimed that Amazon pays all staff the Living Wage, despite the company clearly stating that temporary workers and those who have been there under two years earn less.
Hello, Thomas. So did you do the shift?
I did it on Friday. The shift is 7.45—well, I started at 8 o'clock—until 6.30.
How much did you get paid?
I didn't get paid.
Really?
I didn't do a full shift, in the sense that I had my induction, then I had a meeting with the management during the course of the day. I also have a salary as an MP, remember.
How much would you have been paid if you had been working?
That's a great question. They told me what the hourly rate was, so it was—that's a great question. It would be about 70 quid.
Would you be able to feed your family on that amount of money?
They pay their staff the living wage. I think we have a system of child tax credits [a form of government welfare] and so on. So it's not for me to comment on Amazon's salary structure. They pay the living wage.
I thought it was your job to comment on Amazon's pay structure because you represent constituents who work in that warehouse.
Sure, but they pay the living wage.
Really? All employees or just permanent staff? They use a lot of agencies where they're on temporary contracts as well.
They pay the minimum wage obviously. They set out their pay structure when we were in last time, and they have a sliding scale of staff structures. But certainly for those who have done their probationary period, they will be paid the living wage. That's a great question, are they paying the living wage to the new starts? If they're not, they're very close to it. I can't remember the exact figure for a new start.
Do you think you were given the Queen's tour of Amazon? Everywhere the Queen goes, everything's always painted and clean.
Erm, no.
Why's that not the case?
I got an opportunity to meet with the workforce. I was left to my own devices to talk to members of the workforce throughout the day. My view is that it's a work environment that's for a lot of people, but it's not for everybody. What did I say to the Dunfermline Press today? Let me just tell you what I said today to the Dunfermline Press.
Can you tell me what you think without reading it?
No. Because I think it's really hard work. It's clearly not for everybody. It's pretty exhausting for someone who's not used to it. I'm not sure that I've got the right aptitude to do that as a career. I'll give you a simple example. The afternoon was spent doing packing of, you know, items. Depending on the kind of conveyor route that you're doing, the number of items varies. So if you're doing just CDs or DVDs, then you've got one target—obviously a lot higher than if you're doing a more complex set of packing. If it's just all standardized DVDs, single items, then you might put 200 of those through in an hour. Whereas the packing line I was on was kind of larger boxes, large books, various shapes and sizes. Then the target was a lot lower, it was about 80 an hour.
Did you meet your targets?
No, of course I didn't. For two reasons. One, it's my first day and nobody on day one is going to meet that target. Secondly, I think I would find it tough to meet those targets. I'm not sure I've got the aptitude, the skills, to do that.
How hard can it be to pack boxes?
Well, you have to get into the exact rhythm.
Do you think it's right for a Labour MP, with its history of ties to the union movement, to support a company that's so anti-union, and creating non-unionized jobs?
Yes. It's created 900 jobs that wouldn't otherwise be in my constituency that are paid the minimum wage. But equally I've said to Amazon on more than one occasion, and again I had this conversation with them just last Friday, that I would encourage them to sit down with trade unions and see if they can reach a suitable way forward. But the reality is it's a matter for the workforce whether they choose to join a trade union.
I've spoken to the GMB union and they say it's incredibly hard for people to join a union, they have to act in secret, like the French Resistance. They're not allowed any union activity in the warehouses because they don't have the quota of employees in the union to be officially recognized. So it's a kind of catch-22.
That's right. I've made it clear, as have other Labour MPs, that we'd like to see them enter into dialogue with trade unions, and it's not for me to say which trade union that is, by the way. GMB have made noises but there are a number of trade unions. That's the point—it's not about a trade union—it's about trade unions in general. Do I wish Amazon would invite trade unions in for discussion? Yes. Do I think, however, that I should oppose 900 permanent jobs in my constituency that pay the living wage? No.
Are you working with any of the unions on this?
The unions have been in contact with Labour MPs on this, and I've got a meeting with the unions when Parliament comes back in October.
So you haven't actually met the unions yet?
We've had a number of pieces of correspondence with the trade unions.
I assume you spoke to the workers as well as the management. What kinds of things were they saying about working there?
A lot of them really liked it. A lot of them said it was better than their previous jobs. Amazon does a four-day week, so they do approximately a 10-hour day. It's one of those things that suits a lot of people, and it wouldn't suit other people.
Photo via Boss/Flickr (CC BY SA 2.0) | Thomas Docherty photo via Wikimedia Commons (CC BY SA 2.0) | Remix by Jason Reed
This article is about the late Def Leppard guitarist. For for other persons named Steve Clark, see Steve Clark (disambiguation)
Not to be confused with Steve Clarke
Stephen Maynard Clark (23 April 1960 – 8 January 1991) was an English musician. They were the principal songwriter and lead guitarist for the British hard rock band Def Leppard, until 1991, when they died from alcohol poisoning. In 2007, Clark was ranked No. 11 on Classic Rock Magazine's "100 Wildest Guitar Heroes".[1] In December 2018 it was announced that Clark would be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Def Leppard [2]
Biography [ edit ]
Childhood and adolescence [ edit ]
Stephen Maynard Clark was born and raised in Hillsborough, a suburb of Sheffield, England to Barrie & Beryl (née Beckingham) Clark. From an early age, they showed an interest in music, attending their first concert featuring Cliff Richard and the Shadows at age 6. At 11, they received their first guitar which was purchased by their father on the condition that they learn to play. Clark studied classical guitar for a year before they first heard the music of Jimmy Page and Led Zeppelin at a friend's house.
When Clark left school their first employer was an engineering firm called GEC Traction where they worked as a lathe operator. They were 3 years into a 4-year apprenticeship with the firm by the time their band Def Leppard was signed to a professional record deal with Phonogram Records.
Career with Def Leppard [ edit ]
Before joining Def Leppard in 1978, Clark played cover songs with their small band, Electric Chicken, in Sheffield. Around that time, they met Pete Willis (Def Leppard's original guitarist and founder) at a technical college. Willis spotted Clark reading a guitar book and asked if they played. They then invited Steve to come and audition for their band, as they were looking to add a second guitarist. Clark never showed up, but when Willis and singer Joe Elliott bumped into Clark again at a Judas Priest gig, Willis re-issued their invitation.[3] Clark finally came down to their rehearsal room and joined Def Leppard in January 1978. According to Elliott in Behind the Music, Clark auditioned for Def Leppard by playing all of Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird" without accompaniment.[4]
While a member of Def Leppard, Clark contributed to over 90% of the music.[5] Clark and Pete Willis shared lead-guitar duties, and Clark was nicknamed "The Riffmaster" due to their amazing talent and ability to come up with some of the coolest guitar riffs in modern rock.[6] Toward the end of the Pyromania recording sessions, Pete Willis was asked to leave, and guitarist Phil Collen was recruited into the band to replace him.
Clark and Collen quickly bonded, becoming close friends and leading to the trademark dual-guitar sound of Def Leppard. They and Clark became known as the "Terror Twins" in recognition of their close friendship and alcohol-fuelled antics off-stage.[7]
Part of their success as a duo was attributed to their ability to swap between rhythm and lead guitar, often both playing lead or both doing rhythm within the same song.[8] The fact that they came from entirely different musical backgrounds also contributed to their unique guitar partnership. Clark was a classically-trained musician who knew the rules of music and could read and write music and understood the theory and science of the art, as well as studying/being influenced by Jimmy Page and Led Zeppelin, whereas Collen, like Willis, was self-taught and developed their fast, alternate-picking technique from studying Al Di Meola and listening to Jazz players.
Steve Clark: "I do read and write and I know the rules of music which is great in a two-guitar band because we're so different in our approach to playing. Phil will play something if it sounds right, whereas I look at things and say: 'it's wrong to play that note; it's not musically correct.'”[9]
Whereas Collen stopped drinking alcohol during the mid-1980s in pursuit of a healthier lifestyle, Clark never managed to escape their addiction to alcohol.
Clark primarily played Gibson Guitars during their career and signed an endorsement with Gibson sometime before the commencement of the Hysteria World Tour. Gibson made some custom-specification guitars for Clark. They were occasionally seen playing other guitars, including a Fender Stratocaster for the song and video "Love Bites". Clark would also use Fenders in the studio occasionally, due to their unique sound.
Clark always stated that they were more of a traditionalist when it came to guitars.[10] This can be seen in their selection of gear. At the time of their death, it was estimated that they owned approximately 75 guitars.
Although their name appears on many songwriting credits for Def Leppard's 1992 album, Adrenalize, they did not contribute much to the recording of the album. In the liner notes of the Adrenalize deluxe edition, Joe Elliot claims that a few riffs Clark had demoed were used in a couple of places on the album. Their only other contribution was a thumbs up here and there and stating something the rest of the band was working on was "cool." Collen and Clark began working on what would become the song "White Lightning" during the recording sessions for the 1992 album, Adrenalize. Completed after Clark's death, the song described the effects of Clark's alcohol and drug addictions.[11]
Personal life [ edit ]
Clark had dated an American model, Lorelei Shellist, the two having been together since 1984 but broke up. Shellist revealed in their autobiography, Runway Runaway, that Clark's addictions played a major role in their breakup. After Clark and Shellist ended their relationship, Clark began a new relationship with Janie Dean which lasted until Clark's death in 1991. Steve Clark had never been engaged to anyone despite rumours and false claims from Shellist.
Death [ edit ]
At the time of their death, Clark was on a six-month leave of absence from Def Leppard.
On Tuesday 8 January 1991, Clark was found dead on their couch by Dean.[4] They were 30 years old. The postmortem revealed that the cause of death was accidental, due to a compression of the brain stem causing respiratory failure. This respiratory failure was caused by a lethal mixture of alcohol and prescription drugs.[12] The postmortem also found that Clark had a blood alcohol level of .30 as well as the presence of morphine.[4] No evidence of suicidal intent was discovered. Daniel Van Alphen, Clark's drinking companion the night before, testified that they went to a local pub and returned to Clark's home at midnight to watch a video.
They were buried at Wisewood Cemetery located in Loxley, Sheffield, near the Clark family estate.[4]
Tesla, who opened for Def Leppard on the Hysteria tour, recorded a tribute to Clark entitled "Song & Emotion (To Our Friend, Steve 'Steamin' Clark)" for their album, Psychotic Supper.[13]
Discography [ edit ]
Studio albums [ edit ]
Compilation albums [ edit ]
Live albums [ edit ]
Viva! Hysteria Tribute (Intro to Gods of War taken from Live: In the Round, in Your Face)
Extended plays [ edit ]
Videos [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
American "free press" in action
US networks agree to serve as Pentagon propaganda tool in Iraq
By Henry Michaels
15 April 2003
Having served unofficially as a propaganda arm of the White House and Pentagon before and during the war on Iraq, the major US media networks, with the exception of CNN, have agreed to make their function official. In the name of providing Iraq's people with a taste of a “free press,” ABC, CBS, Fox and the Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) have decided to provide content for a Pentagon-controlled television service in Iraq.
The five-hour-a-day program, called “Toward Freedom,” will consist primarily of repeats of ABC World News Tonight, CBS Evening News, The PBS NewsHour With Jim Lehrer, NBC Nightly News and Fox News Special Report With Brit Hume. Confident that the content will serve the purposes of the US-led occupation of Iraq, the Pentagon has pledged to air the repeats unedited.
Interspersed with the network programs, Iraqi people with access to TV will also view the Pentagon briefings given by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, translated into Arabic. Some British content, one hour of the daily total, will be supplied by Britain's Foreign Office, which has outsourced production to a private London-based company called World Television.
The programs will be beamed throughout Iraq via Commando Solo, a fleet of specially equipped military C-130 cargo planes—the same planes that have conducted the Pentagon's psychological warfare operations on Iraqi television frequencies since the US-led invasion began. A government official said the network-supplied programming would not be “intermingled” with Air Force “psy ops” material.
The US government has used Commando Solo planes as part of its information wars since Vietnam, and deployed them last year in Afghanistan. But this is believed to be the first time American media organizations have officially joined the “psy-ops” effort, setting a precedent for future partnerships at home and abroad.
President Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair inaugurated the broadcasts with statements taped during their summit in Northern Ireland last week. In their message, aired in English with Arabic subtitles, Bush declared, “I assure every citizen of Iraq: Your nation will soon be free.” Blair said: “Our forces are friends and liberators of the Iraqi people, not your conquerors.”
On the ground, troops have been distributing flyers to residents with the text of the messages by Bush and Blair. US and British forces have also begun publishing an Arabic-language newspaper, the Times, with a starting circulation of 10,000.
Under the banner of “freedom,” the new propaganda service enjoys a monopoly in Iraq, thanks to the bombing and destruction of Iraqi TV and radio facilities. The US attacks on the Iraqi media are a violation of the Geneva Conventions, which forbid such attacks on civilian facilities, even if state-controlled, during war.
One US network, Time-Warner's CNN, has refused to join the broadcasting project. In a statement, a CNN spokesperson said: “We didn't think that as an independent, global news organization it was appropriate to participate in a United States government video transmission.”
Other networks, however, quickly overcame any reservations. CBS News President Andrew Heyward said they were “skeptical” on first hearing that the project would be funded by the government and operated by the Middle East Committee of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, a State Department communications agency. They became convinced that “this is a good thing to do ... a patriotic thing to do” after conversations with “some of the most traditional-minded colleagues” at CBS News.
Defending the project, White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer raised to a new level of absurdity Washington's claims to be “liberating” Iraq's population. “For decades, the Iraqi people have heard nothing but totalitarian propaganda that was designed to prop up the regime of Saddam Hussein,” they said. “That will now change, and that is for the good of the Iraqi people.”
Fleischer confirmed that the Pentagon and the British military would decide what airs in the nightly broadcasts. Asked if Iraqis would just see “Toward Freedom” as yet more propaganda, but from another source, Fleischer said: “If the scenes that we're seeing on the streets carried through free media's cameras are any indication, the Iraqi people welcome a message from President Bush.”
Their response underscored the administration's gratitude for the US media's stage-managed and highly-selective coverage of events throughout the war, culminating in the pulling down of Saddam Hussein's statue in Baghdad's Firdos Square. [See “The stage-managed events in Baghdad's Firdos Square: image-making, lies and the ‘liberation' of Iraq”] Fleischer's comments summed up the seamless transition that government and media officials anticipate in the functioning of the US networks. To go from having their media crews “embedded” with military units, eulogizing their killing activities, to glorifying the next phase—a colonial-style American occupation—is a natural progression for the media conglomerates.
Fleischer insisted that Pentagon control over broadcasting was a praiseworthy enterprise. “I think it's entirely appropriate, from the president's point of view, for DOD [Department of Defense] to be involved in this. It remains a dangerous country where DOD assets are needed to field these missions. DOD is very good ... at providing information for people who have a thirst for information.”
Fleischer portrayed the campaign as a transitional effort designed to fill an information vacuum until Iraqi news media are up and running. But they added that the media campaign would run indefinitely. Any Iraqi media will remain under US oversight, as indicated by the fact that the US Agency for International Development has a team in Iraq to help administer the longer-term media policy.
The Pentagon will work with the Broadcasting Board of Governors, which supervises all the US government's international broadcasting, including Voice of America, Radio Sawa, an Arabic-language radio service, and Radio Farda, a new Persian station broadcast in Iran. Together, the services broadcast in 65 languages. Its Middle East Committee, inaugurated last year, operates under the direction of Radio Sawa news director Moaufac Harb and consultant Bill Headline, a former CBS News and CNN executive.
Chairing the Board of Governors is Norman Pattiz, chairperson of radio distributor Westwood One. Pattiz said the Board's mission was “to promote democracy by being an example of a free press. What better way to fulfill that mission than to provide actual examples of America's free press?”
Not accidentally, prominent sections of this “free press” agitated for the illegal bombardment of Iraq's media, which created the monopoly now exercised by the Pentagon. Almost as soon as the war began, TV network correspondents and hosts demanded that Iraq's broadcasting facilities be targeted.
On March 24, Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly declared: “I think they should have taken out the television, the Iraqi television.... Why haven't they taken out the Iraqi television towers?” MSNBC correspondent David Shuster agreed: “A lot of questions [remain] about why state-run television is allowed to continue broadcasting. After all, the coalition forces know where those broadcast towers are located.”
After the facility was struck, reporters expressed satisfaction. On March 25, CNN's Aaron Brown recalled that “a lot of people wondered why Iraqi TV had been allowed to stay on the air, why the coalition allowed Iraqi TV to stay on the air as long as it did.” New York Times reporter Michael Gordon appeared on CNN to endorse the attack: “And personally, I think the television, based on what I've seen of Iraqi television, with Saddam Hussein presenting propaganda to their people ... when we're trying to send the exact opposite message, was an appropriate target.”
This support extended to US military attacks on other non-US media sources, not merely Iraq's state-controlled services. No US network called into question, let alone objected to, the deliberate April 8 bombing of the Baghdad offices of Al Jazeera and Abu Dhabi TV, in which Al Jazeera reporter Tariq Ayoub was killed.
This “free press” provides a revealing example of what the US government and the mainstream media mean by the “liberation” of Iraq. The country's people and society have been shattered to remove all obstacles to US domination and the “free market” of corporate power.
One of the capitalist “models” on display, the US media, is dominated by a handful of media magnates and vast conglomerates. Far from serving “democracy,” it constitutes a major part and critical instrument of the ruling plutocracy.
From cheerleading for war to the embedding of journalists, the conquest of Iraq has already become a milestone in the final debasement of the US media, with the networks openly enlisting in the establishment of US colonial-style rule. This voluntary and open integration by the media into the apparatus of the Pentagon must be taken as a sharp warning of the breakdown of democratic processes within the US itself. Can there be any doubt that the same media conglomerates will serve as direct accomplices in sweeping attacks on political dissent and the establishment of authoritarian forms of rule?
A poll released Friday found that 72% of Democratic registered voters answering the survey now believe that Bernie Sanders could win the general election, a striking increase from the 21% who had faith in them when the survey was previously conducted in December 2015.
In the poll, Hillary Clinton is believed to be more electable than Sanders, with nine out of 10 voters believing in her, but other polls have been telling a different story.
A new Quinnipiac University national poll released Thursday showed that Sanders would defeat any potential Republican challenger in a general election matchup, some even by double digits. Alternately, Clinton would either tie or lose to every GOP contender.
Clinton's campaign has argued that as people get to know Sanders they will lose support, but on that point polls also appear to say the opposite. According to polling over the past few weeks, the more the public gets to know the Vermont senator, the more they appear to favor him.
While Sanders has been gaining in popular support among voters, Clinton maintains a massive lead among the Democratic establishment — those superdelegates who influence the choice of the eventual nominee.
Currently, 449 superdelegate party insiders back Clinton, some of whom are going against the will of their constituents, such as those in New Hampshire, where Sanders won the primary by an unprecedented margin. In contrast, only 19 have pledged support for Sanders. Superdelegates can switch allegiance but, if they do not, Sanders will have to defeat Clinton in a landslide in the remaining states.
© AP Photo / Patrick Semansky Sanders Leads Over US Republican Presidential Candidates in National Poll
Sanders' gain in the polls may be due to their honesty, according to the survey, which found that Sanders is the only candidate, from either party, who is viewed as somewhat, or very, compassionate, as well as honest and likable by at least half of all registered voters across party lines. Clinton, on the other hand, is only considered honest by 30% of all voters.
"I was going to bite my tongue and vote for Hillary, but I never really trusted her," said Robert Stone, a 59-year-old from Hilton Head, South Carolina, who cast their absentee ballot for Sanders. "Every time they open their mouth, I can't help but think she's lying about something."
Clinton and Sanders were found to be viewed positively overall by about four in 10 registered voters, but while they are evenly divided in their opinions of Sanders, over half hold an unfavorable view of Clinton.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
On their radio show today, Glenn Beck was talking about their upcoming interview with Sarah Palin, when they predicted that Sarah Palin won't be the Republican nominee, “She won't be able to get the Republican nomination. It's Mitt Romney's turn.”
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters:
While talking about whether or not Palin is the real deal, the conversation turned to 2012, and Beck said, “She's not gonna, They won't be able to get the Republican nomination. I don't think she'll get the Republican nomination. It's Mitt Romney's turn. That's the way it always works with Republicans, they go by turns.”
Beck and company actually brought up an interesting subject for debate. The GOP does have a history of picking the nominee by rewarding the good party solider. If the Republican Party is going by turns, it could be argued that 2012 will be Sarah Palin's turn because they were the vice presidential nominee in 2008.
The next presidential election could be different because neither Romney nor Palin has been the good party solider who has put in years of work for the GOP. There are a multitude of reasons why Palin won't be the nominee that are completely unrelated to turns. First and foremost, they are not electable. They quit as Alaska governor, and is still viewed as an intellectual lightweight.
Mitt Romney's biggest problems are that they are as exciting as oatmeal.  They are not trusted by the rank and file of the party.  They are a flip-flopper, and their Mormon faith is held against them by many evangelical voters.
Speaking of the Mormon faith, Glenn Beck could be just as tad bit biased in their prediction, because theirs is rooting for their fellow Mormon. There isn't anything wrong with this, but it is entirely possible that their view of 2012 might be shaped in part by their shared faith with Romney.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
"As a result, electricity ratepayers in Ontario are paying significantly more for this initiative in their monthly electricity bills than was originally intended," they wrote.
Infrastructure Ontario loans also came under the auditor general's microscope and they found that for 74 public-private projects the tangible costs — construction, finance and professional services — were about $8 billion higher than if they had been delivered by the public sector.
Infrastructure Ontario said that the cost difference was "more than offset by the risk of potential cost overruns" if the construction and, in some cases, maintenance of the 74 facilities was done by the public sector, Lysyk reported.
The agency is also the one that granted a $224-million loan to MaRS for its Phase 2 office tower in 2011. MaRS and the developer have been unable to repay the loan and the province now has to pay interest of up to $7.1 million a year.
The opposition parties have been highly critical of the loan and have accused the government of stonewalling them in their attempts to learn how the decision to grant the loan was reached.
It remains to be seen whether its benefits will ultimately outweigh the high risks, Lysyk wrote.
"The lack of transparency around the policy objectives and intended benefits to be obtained from the significant financial risks assumed in providing this loan, as well as the Ministry of Research and Innovation's guaranteeing this loan, may have created the perception that the government is bailing out a private-sector developer," Lysyk wrote.
The auditor general also found that one-third of licensed child-care operators over the last five years were not inspected before their licence expiry date and staff are not required to obtain vulnerable sector checks, which are more thorough than criminal reference checks.
In the health sector, Lysyk wrote that the government has no way of tracking immunization rates and has no co-ordinated system to deliver palliative care.
The Canadian Press
Seeing something on a map can be so much clearer than having it explained in words. With more official data available to us, maps can help you understand your countryside better than ever. Whether you have a special interest in a particular development or just want to find out more about where you live, maps can help provide you with the information you need to make your voice heard.
Please note: CPRE no longer publishes interactive HS2 maps.
CPRE has produced a variety of maps in recent years, covering everything from the Green Belt and light pollution to tranquillity and road noise. At the moment, we are going through a process of reviewing our maps and our overall approach to mapping to ensure that the data we present is as up-to-date and relevant as possible.
In the meantime, we have a number of maps and mapping resources currently available, including:
Light pollution
How much light pollution is spilling up into our night sky and where are the darkest areas? Our interactive map enables you to find Britain's best spots for star-gazing and see how your area compares.
Tranquillity
Where are the most tranquil places in the English countryside? And where do electricity transmission lines pass over our most precious landscapes? We have a number of Tranquillity Maps available over in our Resources section. Any enquiries about Tranquillity at CPRE can be directed to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Green Belt
Where are England's Green Belts? An interactive map situated in the Green Belt section of our website has the answers.
Maps archive
A range of our previous maps and mapping projects can be found in the archive of our Resources section.
An artist rendition of the planned high-speed rail system as it would look through Sacramento. (Source: California High Speed Rail Authority)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) – California's High-Speed Rail Authority says five construction teams have submitted qualifications allowing them to bid on the third segment of the project.
The 22-mile segment running through Tulare and Kings counties is expected to cost between $400 million and $500 million.
The qualifying bidders announced Monday include the two joint ventures that won the much larger construction contracts for the first and second phases of the $68 billion project in the Central Valley. They are Tutor Perini/Zachry/Parsons and Dragados/Flatiron.
The other qualifying bidders are California Rail Builders: Ferrovial Agroman; Central Valley Connection Builders: FCC Construccion S.A. and Corsan-Corviam Construccion S.A.; and Salini Impregilo/Security Paving Joint Venture.
The candidates were vetted for experience, technical competency, project understanding and ability to perform. They did not submit cost proposals.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press.
When the messaging service WhatsApp announced last month that it was starting to share some of its users' online information with Facebook, its parent company, many users expressed anger that their digital privacy could be at risk.
Now, a German regulator thinks so, too.
The city of Hamburg's data protection commissioner ordered Facebook on Tuesday to stop collecting and storing data on WhatsApp users in Germany, the first time a privacy watchdog has waded into the debate. The regulator also called on the social network to delete all information already forwarded from WhatsApp on roughly 35 million German users.
“It has to be their decision, whether they want to connect their account with Facebook,” Johannes Caspar, the Hamburg data protection commissioner, said in a statement. “Therefore, Facebook has to ask for their permission in advance. This has not happened.”
When President Obama was asked about Hillary Rodham Clinton's email problem last Sunday on CBS' “60 Minutes” they said, “I don't think it posed a national security problem. I think that it was a mistake that they have acknowledged … I can tell you that this is not a situation in which America's national security was endangered.”
And there you have it: evidence that the leader of the free world is corrupt. And by the way, their Democratic Party is as well. We're talking about the illegal actions of a presidential candidate that did endanger national security information while they were sitting secretary of state. The name of a CIA source was revealed on an unsecure platform for God's sake, recklessly. That crosses any line the Justice Department needs for prosecution. The only reason this whole email scandal came to light was because of the actions of the House Select Committee on Benghazi. That wasn't supposed to happen. The emails were supposed to be hidden, which was the whole purpose of the private email server. I still don't think we've seen all of the emails that need to be read. There are still roaches hiding in Hillary's kitchen.
Mr. Obama tried to influence the outcome of an active FBI investigation while on national television. They telegraphed that of course their Department of Justice would not pursue charges against Mrs. Clinton, no matter what the FBI found and what opinion they put forth. Obviously, this is not the first time. We all remember their comments that there was not a smidgen of corruption in the IRS as the agency destroyed evidence, obstructed justice, lied, withheld information from Congress, and did anything to prevent the truth about this administration's actively targeting the conservative political opposition with federal power during the last election.
The Obama administration is not going to let Mrs. Clinton be prosecuted for political reasons. This cannot stand. The future of America depends on it. The last time a president was caught with their hand this far in the corruption cookie jar they had to resign. This type of behavior has to be held accountable. The rule of law is paramount in our society. It is why we have become so successful and prosperous, no matter what the Democratic Socialist Party says.
Mrs. Clinton is scheduled to testify to Congress this week.
The people have to rise up and say enough is enough. If not, we are no better than Russia or other corrupt post-Soviet states. At least in those countries the people acknowledge and laugh about their corrupt political systems. The Democrats are still trying to spin their waste from a bull with a straight face. They keep hoping that this will all be forgotten. And maybe it will be, but then America will be doomed to the dustbin of history. It will only be a matter of time.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Which tube line in London is the most linguistically diverse? Where on the tube are you most likely to hear French or Portuguese? UCL's Oliver O'Brien's map of the most common second languages by tube stop will give you a clue
Walk along the streets of London and it's not uncommon to hear a variety of langauges jostling for space in your eardrums. Step inside a tube carriage on the underground and the story is no different.
Oliver O'Brien, researcher in geovisualisation and web mapping at University College London's department of geography, has created a map showing what the most common second language (after English) is at certain tube stops across the capital.
Using a map of tube journeys and busy stations that they had previously created, O'Brien used 2011 Census data to add the second most commonly spoken language that people who live nearby speak.
Having analysed output areas that lie (wholly or partially) within 200m radius of the tube station and Census aggregate data for the metric, O'Brien ended up with the below map:
Click here to explore the interactive map
The circles overlaid on each tube station are coloured by the language most spoken (after English) by locals, with the area of the circle being proportional to the percentage of people speaking that language. As O'Brien writes on their blog:
So a circle where 10% of local people primarily speak French will be larger (and a different colour) than a circle where 5% of people primarily speak Spanish
They also highlight the strengths and weaknesses of what language data can illustrate:
Language correlates well with some ethnicities (e.g. South Asian) but not others (e.g. African), in London. So some familiar patterns appear – e.g. a popular, and uniform, second language appearing at almost all Tower Hamlets stations. Remember, the map is showing language, not origin – so many of the ‘Portuguese' speakers, for instance, may be of Brazilian origin.
“Conventional maps of demographic data can be quite abstract to look at - they can be quite hard to relate to where people live,” explains O'Brien. “By combining statistical data from the census with the familiar lines of the London Underground network, the graphic becomes more relatable to a city where everyone knows their nearest tube station.”
“A buffer around each tube station was created, and the languages of the local population in each buffer were extracted, to produce a ‘second language' (after English) most likely to be spoken by the local community there. An interesting and sometimes surprising set of clusters appear.”
Below are some interesting snapshots from the ‘Tube Tongues', with added descriptions by the author of the maps.
Mapping London's ‘tube tongues'
Using the tube lines in inner and central London as a geographical “anchor” to show the most commonly spoken language (after English) around each station. [It shows that] many languages cluster into distinct parts of the capital.
Language clusters on the DLR
Looking at the DLR network, two major language clusters stand out - Bengali (in Tower Hamlets) and Lithuanian (in Royal Docks).
The Bakerloo - “A line with a distinct language along its length”
A tube line with a distinct language along its length, a journey on the Bakerloo passes through areas with large proportions of Gujarati, Portuguese, French and Tagalog languages speakers, as well as the varied Chinese languages spoken in Chinatown.
Turnpike lane - the most linguistically diverse tube station
By analysing the data, O'Brien was able to locate the most linguistically diverse tube station:
Turnpike Lane on the Piccadilly line in north-east London, which has 16 languages spoken by more than 1% of the population there
In addition to the tube map of tongues, O'Brien has just published a map showing the top occupations of people living near each tube stop.
Mapping ‘work lines'
The map shows the most popular occupation of people living around each tube station - from the legal experts around Temple to artists in Hackney and protective services for the wealthy and famous of Knightsbridge
Northern line - teachers, artists and business administrators
The northern line reveals itself as a tube line of teachers and artists in the north, and business administrators in the south.
The maps above were created by Oliver O'Brien from the department of geography at UCL, using aggregate data from the Office of National Statistics and the tube network as drawn by OpenStreetMap contributors.
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- As the Denver Broncos continue to put their offseason plan together, they will make projections on the development of their players and decide who will stay and go.
And while any discussion about young players who need to show some football maturation next season includes quarterbacks Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch, the Broncos have another player whose elevation from rotation piece to starter might be just as important.
Executive vice president of football operations/general manager John Elway has said the top priority of the offseason is to “stay great on defense.'' For that to happen, linebacker Shane Ray has to build off 2016's progress and make another significant jump.
Shane Ray was third among Broncos linebackers in 2016 with 665 snaps played (58.1 percent of the defense's total snaps), numbers that figure to go up. Chris Humphreys/USA Today Sports
“No question,'' DeMarcus Ware said recently. “Shane has those skills you need to rush the passer and they want to be good. Now it's about that consistency, that maturity, doing it play after play, week after week, season after season. Some guys flash, but the guys who really produce do it consistently over the long haul. That's where Shane is right now.''
Ware missed six games with injuries and is scheduled to be an unrestricted free agent in the coming weeks. In the days leading up to the Super Bowl, Ware said they believe they will play in 2017 and Broncos coach Vance Joseph wants them back on the roster. Ware said the Broncos could be “part of the equation'' if Elway agrees with Joseph. But whether Ware re-signs with the Broncos or heads elsewhere, it falls on Ray to be ready for a bigger role.
“I can be ready for whatever they have out there for me,'' Ray said. “I felt like my offseason work helped me this time and I'm going to do more and do it better this time.''
Elway made Ray the “best player available'' selection for the Broncos in the first round of the 2015 draft despite Von Miller and Ware having finished the previous season with 14 and 10 sacks respectively.
And since Ware missed five games in 2015 with back troubles and six games this past season, the Broncos have seen Ray get plenty of work. They had a three-sack game in Cincinnati and finished second on the team with eight sacks last season.
By season's end, Ray was third among the team's linebackers, behind Miller and Todd Davis, with 665 snaps played (58.1 percent of the defense's total snaps). The boost in Ray's performance from their rookie season to last year was a direct result, the Broncos believe, of their improved conditioning with their offseason work a year ago.
Ray came in as the Southeastern Conference Defensive Player of the Year, but was not physically prepared for the rigors of an NFL season.
“I learned that pretty fast,'' Ray said. “I made it a focus last offseason. How you take care of yourself is how you'll play.''
Several personnel evaluators said in recent weeks they believed Ray was one of the most improved players in the league last season. So whether Ware, coming off back surgery, returns as more of a situational player or signs elsewhere, the Broncos will look to Ray as a starter at linebacker opposite Miller.
Defensive coordinator Joe Woods has said, given the number of double- and triple-teams Miller faced last season while being held without a sack over the last four games, it's important the Broncos force the issue in the pass rush at other spots in the formation.
“We need to get to the quarterback or force people to move more help away from Von sometimes,'' Woods said. “You're never going to leave Von totally 1-on-1 because everybody knows what they can do with that, but we can do better across the formation.''
Ray is at the front of that line as they enter their third season.
“I want expectations, I have them for myself,'' Ray said. “This organization, all we know is how to get to the playoffs, how to win the division and how to try to get to the Super Bowl. We weren't in that role the last time, I want to help us get back to that.''
WASHINGTON, August 12, 2014 – The conflict in Gaza, with the massive loss of civilian lives, hundreds of them children, has caused men and women around the world to ask the question: What would it take to bring real peace between Israelis and Palestinians? To seek the answer, we would all do well to consider the words of Israel's own dissenting voices, voices we hear all too rarely.
Consider Uri Avnery, who will turn 91 next month, and still writes a weekly column. They have led an extraordinary life.
Born in Germany in 1923, their family fled the Nazis and moved to Palestine. As a youth, they joined the Irgun Zionist paramilitary group, which they later quit to become a peace activist in Israel. In 1950, they founded the news magazine HaOlim Hazeh and fifteen years later they were elected to the Knesset on a peace platform. In 1982, they made headlines when they crossed the lines during the siege of Beirut to meet Yasser Arafat, head of the then-banned PLO.
In 1993, they started the Gush Shalom peace movement.
In an interview with Amy Goodman of Democracy Now in the midst of the fighting in Gaza, Avnery said that,
“The root of the matter is that Israel is occupying the Palestinian territories, the territory of the West Bank and the territory of the Gaza Strip. As long as the occupation lasts, there will be no peace. In order to achieve peace with the Palestinian people, Israel must end the occupation, withdraw from the occupied territories, and enable the Palestinians to set up their own independent nation and state…That's what it's all about. Everything flows from this basic problem.”
Recalling their youth, Avnery notes that,
“I was a member of a terrorist organization when I was 15 years old. I believe I understand the psychology of young people who join organizations which are called terrorists by their enemies, but which think of themselves as freedom fighters. Hamas thinks it's fighting for the freedom of Palestine. One of the basic problems at this moment is that Israelis and Hamas do not talk to each other…I think Israel and Hamas must talk to each other…Hamas cannot and will not agree to a real cease fire if there is a blockade of the Gaza Strip. It's a tiny, tiny little territory. You have 1.8 million Palestinians in the Gaza Strip…It's suffering from a blockade for at least eight years.”
Avnery reports that they and their friends,
“…have demanded that our government start talks with Hamas. Eight years ago, we ourselves met with Hamas leaders. I found them people with whom I don't necessarily agree, but people with whom I can talk. I believe that even today we can come to an agreement with the Palestinian people, including Hamas…In the end, whatever we do, after all the killing and after all the terrible destruction, in the end, we'll have to talk to Hamas…The government of Israel, which represents the extreme right, with some openly fascist elements in it.does not want to give up the occupied territories. That's whole point. If we are ready to give up this territory and allow Palestinians to set up their own nation and state of Palestine, then the problem is solved…The question is: Do we agree to live side by side with an independent state of Palestine? Yes or No? If not, we shall have war again and again, till the end of time.”
Another respected Israeli dissenting voice is that of Idith Zertal, historian and author with Akiva Eldar of “The Lords of the Land: The War Over Israel's Settlements in the Occupied Territories, 1967-2007.” Zertal has taught at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and recently at the University of Basel in Switzerland.
In a recent interview in Le Courier, a Swiss French-language daily, Zertal declared that,
“A country cannot claim to be a democracy and support such an extended military occupation without destroying itself from within. Today, there are more than 500,000 colonists spread across the whole of the West Bank, counting those living near Jerusalem outside the internationally recognized borders of Israel. Obviously, they (the Israeli government) would have liked to see Israel extend from the Mediterranean to the Jordan, and beyond. But unless I am mistaken, they are quite satisfied with the current situation, which involves, on the one hand, daily expulsion of Palestinians from their homes and lands, which has become almost routine, and, on the other hand, a continuous expansion of the colonies.”
While the current Israeli government promotes the expansion of settlements, Zertal points out that,
“There are thousands of Israelis militating every day against the occupation, who help the Palestinians in the occupied territory, but the question of the occupation is rarely discussed in public.” Still, in their view, the right-wing colonists “are capable of anything to defend their cause. They know no limits. The heads of the intelligence services are quite blunt about it: some of the colonists are ready to arrange the assassination of a new prime minister, just like what happened to Yitzhak Rabin. It is worth noting the poisonous role played by some of the racist rabbis who do not hesitate to declare kosher all methods, even the worst, in the colonists' struggle…With the arrival of Ariel Sharon in the government at the end of the 1970s, the administration adopted the strategy of preventing the creation of a viable Palestinian state and the existence of a democratic Palestinian society. Their objectives seem to have been achieved.”
The Israeli historian Ilan Pappe, now director of the European Centre for Palestinian Studies at the University of Exeter in England, says that,
“When you listen to mainstream media coverage of the situation in Gaza you get the impression that it all starts with an unreasonable launching of rockets into Israel by Hamas. The deeper historical context is the fact that ever since 2005, the Gaza Strip is being, or people in the Gaza Strip are being incarcerated as criminals, and their only crime is that they elected democratically someone who vowed to struggle against this ghettoizing or this siege. Israel reacted with all its force. One can solve this situation by lifting the siege, by allowing the people of Gaza to be connected with their brothers and sisters in the West Bank, and by allowing them to be connected to the world and not live under circumstances that no one else in the world seems to experience at this moment in time.”
Pappe laments the decisions Israel has made in recent years:
“I think Israel is at a crossroads, but it has already made its decision which way it is going from this junction. It was in a junction where it had to decide finally whether it wants to be a democracy or a racist apartheid state, given the realities on the ground. I think Israel, in 2014, made a decision that it prefers to be a racist apartheid state and not a democracy, and it still hopes the U.S. would license this decision and provide it with the immunity to continue with the necessary implication of such a policy vis-a-vis the Palestinians, wherever they are.”
Another dissenting voice is that of Israeli author David Grossman, who lost a son in one of Israel's earlier conflicts. The anguish of the Palestinian people under attack stirs Grossman. They state that,
“If we put aside for a moment the rationales we use to buttress ourselves against simple human compassion toward the multitude of Palestinians whose lives have been shattered in this war, perhaps we will be able to see them, too, as they trudge around the grindstone right beside us, in tandem, in endless blind circles, in despair…There is no military solution to the real anguish of the Palestinian people, and as long as the suffocation felt in Gaza is not alleviated, we in Israel will not be able to breathe freely either.”
Grossman declares that,
“Mahmoud Abbas has already decided in favor of negotiation and against terrorism. Will the government of Israel, after this bloody war, continue to avoid at least trying this option? Will it keep dismissing the possibility that an agreement with West Bank Palestinians might gradually lead to an improved relationship with the 1.8 million residents of Gaza? I believe that Israel still contains a critical mass of people …Jews and Arabs, who are capable of uniting…to resolve the conflict with our neighbors…If we do not do this, we will all…continue to turn the grindstone of this conflict, which crushes and erodes our lives, our hopes and our humanity.”
Israel must choose between being an occupying power of another people or a Western-style democracy. If it continues to occupy the land of the Palestinians, it will face continuing resistance, as the French did in Algeria and the British did in Kenya and elsewhere. As these dissenting Israeli voices understand, only an end to the occupation and the establishment of a Palestinian state can bring real peace to both Israelis and Palestinians.
It was bound to happen anyway, but Swift is supplanting Objective C as the de facto language for iOS development a lot faster than anyone expected.
In TIOBE's latest index — which measures the popularity of programming languages — Objective C saw a sharp decline year-over-year. October 2014 saw Objective C as the third most popular language.
This year, it's #14 on the list. Just behind it is Swift, which went from #19 to #15 in the same timeframe.
Swift's rise isn't the story — Objective C's decline is. TIOBE reports it's slumped 8.68 percent, the largest swing (positive or negative) of any language on the list.
That decline wasn't a two-way street between Swift and Objective C, either. While Objective C fell hard, Swift only gained 0.52 percent on the chart. Other languages, like chart-topping Java, seem to have picked up some momentum as Objective C trailed off.
Over time, we should expect Swift to capture a prominent place on the list, especially as it goes open source.
➤ TIOBE Index for October 2015 [TIOBE via Slashdot]
Read next: Why gamification is broken (and how to fix it)
While on a visit tothis week, US Vice-President Joe Biden threatened Iran with unspecified "action"over its testing of two long-range ballistic missiles. Biden, who is nicknamed Bazooka Joe for their blunt rhetorical style, displayedover their warning to Iran. They issued their admonition while in Tel Aviv alongside Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whose state is known to beEarlier, Iran reportedly. Each were said to have range of over 1,000 kilometers, and an Iranian military spokesperson said the weapons werewhat the US action towards Iran would entail. But given thatforbidding the mere verbalizing of aggression by threatening that "all options are on the table" with regard to Iran, theOr it could mean theas part of the international nuclear accord signed last July with Iran and the P5+1 group of world powers.For its part, Iran said that the, which mandates that Iran foregoes any nuclear weapons development. Iran saysit has the right to develop all conventional weapons for defensive purposes.Only two weeks ago, the according to Reuters. The Minuteman III missiles were launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California to hit targets more than 6,500 kilometers away in the South Pacific. The difference with the Iranian missile tests this week is that the American weapons are expressly designed to carry nuclear warheads. Though the California test-fired missiles were on that occasion reportedly not armed with nukes. But as deputy defense secretary Robert Work said at the time: "We and the Russians and the Chinese routinely do test shots to prove that the operational missiles that we have are reliable. And that is a signal... that we are prepared to use nuclear weapons in defense of our country if necessary."According to Reuters, the US launch was the 15th such nuclear-capable ICBM test-fire since January 2011. That's a rate of three per year. Russia has reportedly carried out a total of 16 nuclear-capable ICBM test launches over a 25-year period since the end of the Soviet Union. That is less than one per year. A report earlier this month said that Russia was about to conduct ICBM test-launches from nuclear-powered submarines in the Barents Sea.The US appears to be leading this race, with the administration of President Barack Obama having committed The US has according to the Arms Control Association. This is more than any other country, althoughBetween them, theof the world's entire stockpile of these weapons of mass destruction.And lest we forget, the US is the only country to have ever actually used nuclear weapons when it destroyed the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945, killing over 200,000 mainly civilians instantly. This is the reality check that Washington needs, but few of its politicians seem amenable to. Instead,For more than 40 years since the signing of the NPT, the world is nowhere near the nuclear disarmament that it mandates ofPresident Obama received a Noble Peace Prize back in 2009 because of a speech that ostensibly committed their nation to nuclear disarmament. Reuters describedan "ironic turn". Some would simply call itWith North Korea last week threatening "pre-emptive nuclear strikes"on top of an alleged ICBM test only weeks before, it does seem that the world has indeed entered a new, dangerous arms race.The only reasonable way forward is for a concerted international program of mutual disarmament.This call was made 53 years ago by US President John F Kennedy in a landmark speech at the American University in Washington on June 10, 1963.The US evidently presumes the right to maintain the world's biggest arsenal, while excoriating other states like North Korea and Iran for allegedly contemplating the development of the same weapons.Joe Biden speaking in a state this week that continues to illegally occupy Palestinian land in defiance of countless UN resolutions, a state which possesses nuclear weapons outside of any international control, and yet Biden chooses to focus their admonishment on Iran based on spurious complaints - now that demonstrates thatand is not coming back to Earth any time soon.
July 1, 2016 - News Post
My phone says it's Friday again.
It's been a busy week so I've lost track of the days. Busy at the day job, busy on contract stuff, busy with home life, and um... comics? I'm dipping into my very small bank of pre-made comics for today.
But hey, I want to talk briefly about comics... No not that kind, not that kind either.... the other one. Comic books. If you're into those, I have some cool videos for you to check out.
There's this guy names Rene Rosa who likes to talk about comics.
Longtime readers will remember Rene as the genius behind the band Evil Adam, half of The Lunatiques, the NSFW podcast Sherman Tanks, and most importantly-- as the songwriter of the theme song for my old comic, Dr. Lobster. Short term readers and non-readers will likely know them as "that guy running a comic book store that had a surprise visit from Benedict Cumberbatch dressed as Doctor Strange."
However you remember them (and you DO remember him) you should check out their latest YouTube videos where they "talks comics", sharing their thoughts reviews of comics in general and specific titles.
Go there. Go there now.
I'm getting back to work.
-Jeff
Part Two - Greater Spirits and Spirit Cults
By now, if you read Part One, you might have a Greater Spirit worked out, at least in rough form. Now we can look at how it can fit into the game, and what it can do in, and to, your setting. In Part Three, we will look at the structure of a spirit cult.
How do Greater Spirits and their Cults fit into the Game?
To some degree this will be different depending on the type of game you are running, or playing in. If your group is a wandering band, a static center for your Spirit might limit its utility. On the other hand, it might be the catalyst for a change in the gaming experience, creating a reason to settle down, or at least wander more locally. If this doesn't serve the needs of the game, a portable shrine or idol might be the answer. While it might not be possible for a god to inhabit a single idol, a spirit could well do so. This would allow your players some access to the Greater Spirit even when distant from the place they first encountered it.
But a Greater Spirit can provide many role-playing opportunities and motivations. Since it has likes and dislikes [as shown in Part One], it could easily have an agenda based on achieving what it wants, or destroying what it does not. PCs that are devoted to the spirit, or who hope to benefit from it, might be called upon to advance its agenda – essentially performing quests or missions to please it. And since the spirit is far less remote than a god, the devotees can experience the god personally, in conversation, when it manifests from its Place of Power.
Note to Players: If you are a player who would like to interact with a Greater Spirit or a Spirit Cult, you should talk to your GM to see if that fits into their plans. If so, they might want to have greater or lesser control over the creation of it, and you should work together to determine your involvement as well as how your character will interact with it. Fortunately, you both have this handy write-up to guide you.
Place of Power
Every Spirit, great or small, should have a place of power – a place where it is at its best. This could be a ritually significant spot for any number of reasons: maybe the spirit was once a living creature that died there; or it might have fought a great battle, survived a great trial, or invested the place with its essence; In Part One, when you went through the process of establishing the defining characteristics of the spirit, you probably gained insight into the sort of place or thing that it would prefer. For a spirit with elemental connections, a place that contains the appropriate element is a natural spot. For a nature spirit, or one that takes the form of an animal, a suitable environment could be remote, or reflective of the spirit.
Whatever you decide, there should be some focal point for the spirit. For Jagrun Khan, one of the examples that I used in the first part of this article, the focal point is the massive idol of Jagrun Kahn, occupying its own island in the Great Bog of the River of Cradles. Conveniently, this is about 7 miles from Brightwater, the settlement that is the focus of my players' characters. A few have interacted with the Storm Tiger, and one, Wyrmhere the sorcerer, has taken up the role of acolyte to Jagrun Khan. They regularly travel to the island, working to clear away the debris of the ages and reestablish the ring of standing stones that once surrounded the idol, boosting the power of Jagrun Khan. They have attracted a number of followers and is currently in the process of creating a cult of Jagrun Khan.
But let's look at the other spirit I used in Part One. Hasdrubaal, Seer of the Smoking Mirror. Their place of power could be the Smoking Mirror, which could be placed anywhere you want. Ideally the place of power will be somewhere that suits your game. It could be hidden, lost, or the focus of a rival cult or spellcaster, requiring a quest to claim it for Hasdrubaal.
If required, it could also be, or be made to be, mobile. That way, once claimed, it could be kept with the characters, and referred to as required. Or it might be more in keeping with your plans to make the Smoking Mirror a place that must be traveled to, even defended. This can limit access, and provide an ongoing task for characters that want access. They must gain access to the Smoking Mirror to use it. This works well if they enjoy a more casual relationship with Hasdrubaal, trading POWer for Visions of the future, or spell knowledge. A cult of Hasdrubaal is likely to want to invest in defending its access, a possibly restricting availability to others.
How Will a Greater Spirit, or a Spirit Cult, Affect a Region?
Similarly to how it might change a game, a Greater Spirit, or a Cult for one, can cause a region to experience a change in relationships, alliances, and the balance of power.
In a game that emphasizes cult membership in the prevailing deities the way that a lot of Runequest play does, like Glorantha, a new cult can have a profound effect on an area. Even if the new spirit or cult has few adherents and little political power, it probably will be viewed as a metaphysical threat to the community. This will be exacerbated if the intruder is opposed in terms of goals or societal mores. In the case of a powerful new cult, it could lead to strife or war; in the case of a weak cult, to eradication.
A spirit that ‘sets up shop' as it were, near a populated area, may also be subject to this, but will be less likely to cause upheaval if it is not actively recruiting followers. It is one thing for a community to turn against a cult that is antithetical in viewpoint AND that is vigorously searching for new adherents. It is another if the spirit is more palatable to the local taste and is not threatening to steal a sizable portion of local worshippers of other gods. Generally, the more different and the more aggressive, the more likely that change will occur, and the more likely that the intruder will be met with hostility.
It is also worth considering that antipathy may be one-sided. As an example, Jagrun Khan was said to resent other deities of Air and Storm. They might be quite hostile to Orlanth and Stormbull, even going so far as to prey upon the winged cattle that both gods hold sacred. But Orlanth, secure in their position as the head of the Lightbringer Pantheon, may feel rather fond of Jagrun Khan, a fellow creature of the outer air, and a strong opponent of chaos. The fact that Orlanthi tend to be a cat-culture [with the brother of Orlanth, Yinkin, as the patron of shadowcats, and lynxes and similar being the preferred binding animal for allied spirits] reinforces this. So Orlanth may not mind their folk attending services, even becoming members, and the Cult of the Storm Tiger could in time become an associated or subservient cult to Orlanth. Jagrun Khan may feel rather differently.
Stormbull may also approve of the air affiliations and the savage anti-chaos stance of the Storm Tiger. This would probably result in each cult mutually ignoring the other unless some affront were to occur.
It is also worth considering how smaller power groups might perceive the newcomer. A small cabal of sorcerers may not hold a great deal of secular power, but should they decide that the new spirit or cult is a threat or something to control, they could become dangerous foes. Similarly, wandering Humakti might investigate rumors of a spirit lord that is said to create zombies or to raise the dead.
Of course, if the newcomer remains secret, and their following remains small, this will be less of a problem. Similarly, if there is no ‘cult' but merely the occasional visitor content to offer POWer for spells or other knowledge, the impact on the region will be minimal – possibly no more than rumor of a strange spirit in the middle of nowhere that will trade magic for POWer. If the GM wants to introduce a new spirit or its cult with little impact on the established status quo of the region, this is the easiest way to do so.
That is all for Part Two. In Part Three, we will detail the structure of a Spirit Cult, and how the player characters can fit into it.
Nintendo Has Dropped A Bomb On Us About Mario's State Of Employment
Remember Mario, and how they had a blue-collar career and worked tirelessly with their brother to make ends meet? Well, it seems he's moved on up and isn't a plumber anymore. Click the jump for the details.
Fans of Mario know that the short and stocky italian man was and always has been a plumber. Before they spent their time mercilessly killing mushroom creatures by jumping on their head's to break their necks and render them out of existence, they were fixing the pipes of clogged toilets and possibly installing sinks. Now, sure, their job may not have been exactly too glamorous, but their work helped them to pay the bills.
Now on Nintendo's official home page for Mario, their profile has changed. "All around sporty, whether it's tennis or baseball, soccer or car racing, [Mario] does everything cool. As a matter of fact, they also seem to have worked as a plumber a long time ago..."
"Worked as a plumber a long time ago" kinda reveals that they were either A). fired because their boss needed to make some cuts, B). they and Luigi were self-employed and buisness sadly shriveled up, or C). Princess Peach paid a crap load of money for their life saving services that he's provided them over the years.
Either way you slice this, it's clear that Mario is no longer low on the totum poll financially. He's now swimming with the big fishes and making big moves.
Respect.
DISCLAIMER: GameFragger.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... : GameFragger.com is protected under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and... [MORE]
DISCLAIMER: GameFragger.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our [LESS] : GameFragger.com is protected from liability under the DMCA (Digital Millenium Copyright Act) and "Safe Harbor" provisions. This post was submitted by a volunteer contributor who has agreed to our Code of Conduct . CBM will disable users who knowingly commit plagiarism, piracy, trademark or copyright infringement. Please contact us for expeditious removal of copyrighted/trademarked content. Learn more about our copyright and trademark policies HERE
Turkish police confronted left-wing protesters on Monday who attempted to march to Taksim Square despite the government having sealed off the symbolic square for the third May Day in a row.
Only small numbers of labor union representatives were permitted to lay wreaths at a monument in the square. Major trade union organizations agreed to hold their demonstrations at government-approved spots in Istanbul.
Police fire on protesters who attempted to defy a Taksim Square ban
According to the AFP news agency, some 200 protesters in the Gayrettepe district wanted to defy the ban and walk to the square. They unfurled anti-government banners reading "Long Live May Day, No to the dictator!," alluding to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's expanded executive powers that resulted from an April 16 referendum.
Police used tear gas and shot rubber pellets to disperse the group. Turkish state-run media reported that 13 individuals trying to access Taksim square were detained. However, AP reported some 70 individuals were detained.
According to a statement from Istanbul's Govenor's Office, Turkish riot police detained 207 individuals across the entire city.
Taksim holds a prominent position in the history of anti-government activism due to the 2013 Gezi Park sit-in, as well as due to the 1977 Taksim Square Massacre. On May Day of that year, an estimated 34 people were killed after shots were fired from a nearby building into a crowd.
Police detain May Day protesters
Crack downs ramp up
The confrontation comes on the heels of a new wave of sackings by the Turkish government and growing fears over freedom of speech repression and human rights abuses.
On Saturday, the government fired 3,974 officials and continued to block access to Wikipedia as a "protection measure." Ankara also recently extended the country's state of emergency.
Read more: Turkey suspends over 9,000 police officers with suspected links to Gulen
Watch video 00:42 Ankara fires civil servants, blocks Wikipedia access
The government crackdown has drawn widespread international criticism, including from the United Nations (UN).
On Monday at a press conference in Geneva, UN Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein expressed concern over the recent events in Turkey.
"It is highly unlikely that the suspensions and detentions will have met due process standards," Zeid said.
They also commented on the imprisonment of journalists in Turkey, stating "Journalism is not a crime in Turkey, it is an issue the government must pay deep attention to."
Read more: Media freedom in danger
cmb/rt (Reuters, AP, AFP)
A new interactive website from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) highlights how many lives are derailed and billions of dollars wasted fighting a racially biased war on drugs in America.
The site, called The Uncovery, offers state-by-state statistics on U.S. marijuana arrests, emphasizing racial disparities and the cost of enforcing drug laws.
The stats are based on data from the ACLU's "War on Marijuana" report. For the U.S. overall, someone is arrested for marijuana every 0.01 hours and this person is 3.73 times more likely to be black than white. The site notes that the U.S. spent more than $3.6 billion enforcing marijuana laws in 2010 and that 88 percent of marijuana arrests are for possession (in New York and Texas, that figure is 97 percent). The Uncovery also breaks down marijuana arrest and spending stats by state. Let's take a look.
The 10 states spending the most on marijuana law enforcement:
1. New York: $678,450,560
2. California: $490,966,080
3. Texas: $251,648,800
4. Florida: $228,635,840
5. Illinois: $221,431,776
6. New Jersey: $127,342,512
7. Georgia: $121,898,152
8. Ohio: $120,148,064
9. Maryland: $106,702,784
10. Pennsylvania: $100,748,528
Staggering, no? And the disparities in black-to-white arrest ratios are equally horrifying.
The 10 worst states for racially biased marijuana arrests:
In ___, a black person is ___ times more likely to be arrested than a white person for having marijuana.
1. Iowa - 8.33
2. D.C. - 8.05
3. Minnesota - 7.81
4. Illinois - 7.56
5. Wisconsin - 5.98
6. Kentucky - 5.95
7. Pennsylvania - 5.19
8. South Dakota - 4.78
9. Nebraska - 4.65
10. New York - 4.52
States with the smallest racial disparities in marijuana arrests were Hawaii (where blacks were only 0.99 times as likely as whites to be arrested for marijuana), Alaska (1.6 times more likely), New Mexico (1.86), Oregon (2.08), and Maine (2.13). All five of these states have very small African American populations overall.
Valve Complete Pack
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
Dota 2
Portal 2
Portal
Left 4 Dead 2
Left 4 Dead
Counter-Strike: Source
Counter-Strike
Counter-Strike: Condition Zero
Half-Life 2
Half-Life
Half-Life 2: Episode One
Half-Life 2: Episode Two
Half-Life: Opposing Force
Half-Life: Blue Shift
Half-Life: Source
Half-Life 2: Deathmatch
Half-Life 2: Lost Coast
Half-Life Deathmatch: Source
Team Fortress 2
Team Fortress Classic
Day of Defeat: Source
Day of Deafeat
Deathmatch Classic
Ricochet
The leading independent developer, Valve Corporation, has now made available their entire game library for a bargain price of 100 USD- less than half the price of all their titles combined. Included are 21 of their titles that are currently for sale, rather than free-to-play on Steam. As well, their four free-to-play titles are included, bringing the package quantity to a staggering 25 titles.Amongst these titles are several electronic sports games, including Counter-Strike, Counter-Strike: Source, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Team Fortress 2 and Dota 2. Although to be fully released as a free-to-play title, Dota 2 is available for approximately forty dollars in a package deal that includes several cosmetic items, as well as early game access. The total cost of these games purchased individually is approximately $205.80.To purchase the Valve Complete Pack of Steam, visit the Steam website
Yang Xinhai (Chinese: 杨新海; 29 July 1968 – 14 February 2004), also known as Yang Zhiya, and Yang Liu,[1][2][3] was a Chinese serial killer who confessed to committing 67 murders and 23 rapes between 1999 and 2003, and was sentenced to death and executed for 67. They were dubbed the "Monster Killer" by the media.  They are the most prolific known serial killer China has seen since the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949.
Biography [ edit ]
Yang was born on 29 July 1968 in Zhengyang County, Henan. Their family was one of the poorest in their village. The youngest of four children, Yang was clever and introverted. They dropped out of school in 1985, at age 17, and refused to return home, instead travelling around China and working as a labourer.[1][4][5][6][7]
Crimes [ edit ]
In 1988 and 1991, Yang was sentenced to labour camps for theft in Xi'an, Shaanxi and Shijiazhuang, Hebei.[4] In 1996, they were sentenced to five years in prison for attempted rape in Zhumadian, Henan and released in 1999.[4][8]
Yang's killings took place between 1999 and 2003 in the provinces of Anhui, Hebei, Henan and Shandong. At night, they would enter their victims' homes, and kill all of the occupants—mainly farmers—with axes, hammers, and shovels, sometimes killing entire families. Each time they wore new clothes and large shoes.[8][9][10][11]
In October 2002, Yang killed a father and a six-year-old girl with a shovel and raped a pregnant woman, who survived the attack with serious head injuries.[3]
Arrest, trial and execution [ edit ]
Yang was detained on 3 November 2003 after acting suspiciously during a routine police inspection of entertainment venues in Cangzhou, Hebei. Police took them in for questioning and discovered that they were wanted for murder in four provinces. As news of their arrest and crimes spread, the media dubbed them the "Monster Killer".[1][2][3][9][12][13]
Shortly after they were arrested, Yang confessed to 65 murders, 23 rapes and five attacks causing serious injury: 49 murders, 17 rapes and five attacks in Henan; eight murders and three rapes in Hebei; six murders and two rapes in Anhui; and two murders and one rape in Shandong. Police also matched their DNA with that found at several crime scenes.[3][14] Later it was discovered that Yang contracted HIV from one of their victims.[3][14]
On 1 February 2004, Yang was found guilty of 67 murders and 23 rapes, and sentenced to death in Luohe City Intermediate People's Court, Henan. At the time of their sentencing, official Chinese media believed they had carried out China's longest and grisliest killing spree.[4][8][14][15] Yang was executed on 14 February 2004 by firing squad.[16]
Motive [ edit ]
According to some media reports at the time of their arrest, Yang's motive for the killings was revenge against society as a result of a break up.[2][9] Allegedly their girlfriend had left them because of their previous sentences for theft and rape.[2][9] Later media reports claimed that their enjoyment of robbery, rape and murder was the motive.[3][14]
While Yang never formally provided a motive, they were quoted as saying:
"When I killed people I had a desire. This inspired me to kill more. I don't care whether they deserve to live or not. It is none of my concern...I have no desire to be part of society. Society is not my concern."[14][17]
List of their serial murders [ edit ]
Totals: 26 incidents, 67 murders, 23 rapes, 10 intentional serious injuries
See also [ edit ]
Kerry affirms US support for Egyptian junta
By Johannes Stern
23 June 2014
In a show of support for the blood-soaked military regime in Egypt, US Secretary of State John Kerry visited Cairo on Sunday. They met with their counterpart, Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, and Egyptian President and de facto dictator Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.
Kerry announced that the US had released $575 million in military aid that had been frozen since the military coup that overthrew Islamist President Mohamed Mursi last July.
As an immediate measure, the US will supply the Egyptian army with ten Apaches attack helicopters. “The apaches will come and they will come very, very soon,” Kerry said at a joint press conference with Shoukry.
Washington's demonstrative show of support for the regime came only one day after an Egyptian court upheld death sentences against 183 supporters and members of the Muslim Brotherhood (MB), including its supreme guide, Mohamed Badie. The ruling by the Minya Criminal Court is the largest confirmed mass death sentence in recent history. It was handed down by Judge Said Youssef, who had sentenced to death over 2,000 people in mass trials in April.
Saturday's hearing bore all the hallmarks of a show trial. Youssef arrived in an armored vehicle and was escorted into the courtroom by security officials. The hearing lasted less than 15 minutes. Most of the defendants were condemned in absentia. Seventy five were brought to a nearby prison, but were not allowed to attend the session.
Kerry's friendly meeting with top representatives of a regime that seeks to drown opposition to its rule in blood exposes the lie that Washington is supporting a “democratic transition” in Egypt. Since mass working class struggles ousted its long-time stooge, President Hosni Mubarak, in February 2011, Washington has been working for the installation of a new US-backed dictatorship comprised of former Mubarak-era generals and politicians. In the al-Sisi regime, it has realized this goal.
The official press conference revealed that Kerry and Shoukry have been “good friends” dating back to the Mubarak years. Addressing their Egyptian counterpart by their first name, Kerry declared: “I'm delighted to be back in Cairo. And I want to congratulate Sameh on theirs assuming the role of foreign minister of Egypt. And indeed, we have worked together previously.”
Shoukry was Mubarak's secretary for information from 1995 to 1999 and served as Egypt's ambassador to the United States from 2008 to 2012.
Kerry personally thanked coup leader al-Sisi for “a very candid and comprehensive discussion,” vowing “to work together in partnership in order to deal with the challenges that we face.”
Al-Sisi, a US-trained general and head of Mubarak's military intelligence service, was a member of every government that followed Mubarak's ouster. They have already proven that they are more than willing to “work together” with their masters in the White House and “deal with challenges.”
Al-Sisi led the US-backed coup against Mursi last July, following an explosion of mass protests against the Islamist president, whom Washington had previously supported. Since the coup, al-Sisi has overseen massacres and large-scale repression.
Under their leadership, the junta has violently dispersed sit-ins, demonstrations and strikes, killing at least 1,400 people and jailing more than 16,000. It has banned the MB and imposed an anti-protest law, while enshrining military rule in the constitution. Earlier this month, al-Sisi was installed as president following fraudulent elections, which Kerry described as “historic.”
With consummate cynicism, Kerry sought to combine Washington's backing of al-Sisi and their junta with hypocritical phrases about “democracy” and “human rights.” They declared: “I emphasized also our strong support for upholding the universal rights and freedoms of all Egyptians, including freedom of expression, peaceful assembly and association. We also discussed the essential role of a vibrant civil society, a free press, and rule of law, and due process in a democracy.”
Kerry knows precisely the “freedom” and “democratic rights” the junta is granting the Egyptian people. They are the “freedom” to be murdered and the “right” to be jailed and tortured for expressing political views opposed by the regime.
On Saturday, the British Guardian published an article about the hidden Azouli military prison in Ismailiya that gives a shocking picture of the military's reign of terror. The Guardian reports: “Prisoners at Azouli are routinely electrocuted, beaten and hanged naked by their tied wrists for hours until they either give up specific information, memorise confessions, or until—in the case of a small group of released former inmates—they are deemed of no further use to their interrogators.”
According to Mohamed Elmessiry, an Egyptian researcher for Amnesty International, “many of those at Azouli are arrested randomly or with very little evidence, and then the intelligence services use torture to find out whether they are actually involved in violence.”
Khaled, a young activist, says that they were tortured by soldiers and military police for several hours even before being driven to Azouli. “They used up two electric-shock machines,” said Khaled. “They brought a towel and put water on it and put it on my face to stop me breathing. The military police officers kept beating me. After four hours my clothes were ripped apart. My face was swollen. My eyes were closed. I got a wound in my jaw deep enough for a soldier to put their finger inside it.”
The brutal methods of the US-sponsored Egyptian military reflect the outlook of the American ruling class, which is determined to use any means necessary to defend its interests in the region. Kerry left no doubt that Egypt must continue to be the cornerstone of US imperialism's counterrevolutionary efforts.
“I came here today to reaffirm the strength of the important partnership, the historic partnership between the United States and Egypt, and also to consult on the critical situations that we face in the region—obviously, particularly Iraq, Syria and Libya,” Kerry said.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
After sitting out the first two-plus months of the season due to an injury, New York City FC midfielder Jack Harrison has gotten their rookie season off to a solid start, recording two goals, notching two nifty assists and looking generally dangerous in five appearances since debuting on May 21.
Now the English-born midfielder, who moved to the US when they were 14, is talking about a potential future with the US national team.
The 19-year-old Harrison, who was the first overall pick in January's SuperDraft, recently told Empire of Soccer's podcast, EoS Radio, that he'd be open to playing for the USMNT if they receive citizenship.
“I would think it about it, yeah,” they said. “You never know what is going to happen. I'm just always open to new opportunities. It would be great to represent this country. But again, we would have to see later down the line.”
Harrison, who has never represented England on a youth level, wouldn't be eligible to represent the US until they receive American citizenship, a process that would take years. Harrison would first have to receive a green card, then reside in the US for five years continuously before being eligible to apply for full citizenship.
Listen to Harrison's full interview on empireofsoccer.com Radio.
HelioSeal: Western Digital's fourth generation, based on exclusive HelioSeal technology, bringing the highest capacity HDD to market much sooner than competing technologies
World's first 8-disk design, 12TB capacity, available with either 12Gb/s SAS or 6Gb/s SATA interface
Data Security: Instant Secure Erase, sanitize and safely redeploy HDDs using the Instant Secure Erase feature
SED Features: Help protect end user data with encryption (Self Encrypting Drive)
Reliability: Amongst the industry's highest MTBF rating at 2.5M hours
Western Digital Corp. today announced that it has begun shipping its fourth-generation helium-based hard drive with its 12TB HGST-branded Ultrastar He12 hard drive. The Ultrastar He12 12TB hard drive is the next generation of the company's award-winning high capacity enterprise-class drive with HelioSeal technology, providing customers with a data storage solution addressing the expansive information management needs and demanding performance requirements of today's enterprise, cloud and hyperscale workloads."We have again raised the bar in enterprise storage with the industry's most advanced and cost-effective highest capacity helium HDD storage solutions," said Mark Grace, senior vice president of devices at Western Digital. "The Ultrastar He12 hard drive advances Western Digital's portfolio leveraging the HelioSeal platform to deliver industry-leading high capacity HDD storage with exceptional power efficiency. Western Digital has shipped over 15M helium-based high capacity drives to date and continues to support our customers with outstanding reliability and Quality of Service (QoS). Our industry-leading data center portfolio enables customers across the spectrum to meet their evolving and dynamic data center demand."Known for high quality, the enterprise-class Ultrastar He12 HDD features an industry-first eight-disk design, to deliver 12TB capacity using PMR technology in a standard 3.5-inch form factor. It is the world's highest capacity hard disk drive for active random workloads. Utilizing Western Digital's unique HelioSeal process that seals helium in the drive to help provide the highest capacity HDD and exceptional power efficiency, the Ultrastar He12 HDD comes in a single 12TB capacity point and offers either a SATA or SAS interface both using Advanced Format. HelioSeal technology utilizes helium with 1/7 the density of air, enabling the use of thinner disks, while maintaining a stable recording interface.The unique Ultrastar He12 HDD design adds an eighth disk, two more than the highest capacity air-based enterprise drive, which enabled the capacity increase to 12TB, 50 percent more than the highest air-based enterprise drive. This additional capacity provides for increased storage density, reducing associated data center infrastructure required to store a given amount of data. It also encompasses a low-power design without compromising performance, which helps reduce overall cost of ownership. The Ultrastar He12 HDD is perfect for any application that requires massive amounts of cost-effective storage.The Ultrastar He12 HDD is currently shipping to distribution and comes with a 5-year limited warranty.
Robert J. Lefkowitz at Howard Hughes Medical Center at Duke University, and Brian K. Kobilka from Stanford University School of Medicine have won the Nobel Prize in chemistry. Lefkowitz and Kobilka worked on a group of biochemicals called G-protein-coupled receptors.
These receptors sit in the cell-membrane and allow small molecules outside the cell to manipulate the response of the cell. G-proteins play a role in vision, smell, mood regulation, and the immune system. They also help control cell density—that is, the G-proteins stop cells from packing themselves in too tightly. This very wide role makes them a very important role biology, so understanding them is worthy of recognition.
As I understand it, the protein sits in the cell-membrane. A very small part of the protein is exposed to the surrounding environment, while the rest hangs inside the cell. When a small molecule docks to outside, it changes the charge balance, causing the part of the protein inside the cell to change its structure. This change in structure allows different proteins inside the cell to dock and begin a cascade of reaction.
The cool thing about this is that the internal changes depend on what molecule has docked on the outside, allowing the same protein to communicate many different messages.
Lefkowitz and Kobilka worked together to track down this path of activity and discovered the core similarity at the heart of cell signaling.
Sri Lankans are the least happy, according to a World Happiness Report based on statistics compiled between 2010 and 2012 by the United Nations Sustainable Development Solutions Network.
Sri Lanka is ranked 137 among 156 countries surveyed in the report and is below countries like Egypt where there is political turmoil.
Denmark was deemed the happiest nation, followed by Norway, Switzerland, The Netherlands and Sweden. Canada, Finland, Austria, Iceland and Australia completed the top ten.
The least happy of the 156 countries to feature was Togo, with a rating of 2.936. Other African nations also dominated the bottom of the rankings, with Benin, the Central African Republic, Burundi, and Rwanda completing the bottom five. Syria came 148th, Bulgaria 144th, Yemen 142nd and Egypt 130th.
On Sri Lanka, the report notes that while the 2004 tsunami caused roughly the same physical damage and loss of life in Aceh (Indonesia) and in Jaffna (Sri Lanka), there were much better well-being outcomes in the Indonesian case.
In Aceh, the physical disaster helped to deliver a “peace dividend” while the effect was the reverse in Sri Lanka, the report said. (Colombo Gazette)
According to the Daily Mail this morning:
George Osborne should slash tax for top earners further still, say senior Tories after figures showed a cut from 50p to 45p raised an additional £8 billion. The Chancellor said income tax data for 2013/14 "completely" defied predictions made by Labour that cutting the rate would cost £3 billion and give top earners an average £10,000 tax cut.
This argument makes no sense at all. It is true that latest estimates (not data) suggest that those with the highest incomes will have paid more than £8 billion more in 2013/14 when compared to 2012/13 but let's be clear why. They were told that if they delayed their income from March 2013 until sometime in April 2013 the tax rate would fall by 5%, and so they did just that. And as a result income was understated in 2012/13 and overstated in 20913/14. Official estimates show there is no expectation that this pattern should recur and of course there is not. This is a not a phenomenon of the tax rate; it is a phenomenon of the change in rate.
If in doubt, note that when the rate was introduced £16 to £18 billion of income was shifted, producing the almost exact opposite effect. And the rate was never in existence for long enough for its impact to be properly appraised.
But the the question has to be asked as to why Osborne has drawn attention to this now, and why the Mail has picked up on it. Remember there is a budget coming, and as The Times wrote recently (in its Red Box email)
One of the untold stories of 2016 has been the very gradual, almost unnoticed decline of George Osborne.
It is in this personal concept and within the political constraints that Brexit poses that George Osborne has to decide what to do with taxation in their 2016 budget. Almost as an aside, the demands of the OECD and IMF that they now stimulate the economy rather than pursue a policy of austerity adds a little piquancy to the whole issue.
It does not help that Osborne goes into the budget facing the expectation that they will propose major changes in the relief on personal pension contributions, if not on those on company funds (as yet). These changes, that would broadly speaking reduce or eliminate tax reliefs when pension contributions are made, but with the resulting future income stream being entirely tax free in similar fashion to an ISA happen to be deeply popular in Tory homelands where local parties are dominated by the relatively prosperous self employed who have long enjoyed the tax relief opportunities that pensions provide as a means of mitigating what they see as the overly burdensome contribution to a state for which they have little regard.
So will that reform be what they draw out if the bag this time round as the big budget reform? I doubt it, very much. This decision, like those on Short money and a third runway for London will be deferred: without a certain majority and with Osborne's political capital at very low ebb the case for deferral is overwhelming.
What then will Osborne do to re-grab the political initiative and re-inflate brand Osborne? My suggestion is something very simple: look out for tax cuts. Osborne has form in doing the three things. The first is the unexpected. The second is what the opposition wants. The third is sometimes (not always) the politically astute move. A tax cut cut meets all these criteria since they could even argue that this is the stimulus the economy needs.
Now, admittedly, the Opposition would not be calling for a cut in the higher rates of tax. But that's precisely the point: Osborne has a habit of doing things that let them say they are doing what they want - delivering a stimulus in this case - whilst doing something that suits their purpose. And in this case their purpose would be to cynically keep the Tory heartland happy and so boost the Remain vote, to boost their own status by confirming them as a tax cutting Chancellor for the well off, and to bait the opposition.
Nothing Osborne does is unplanned. If he's talking about tax cuts working two weeks before a budget there is a reason. A 40p tax rate is on its way.
French electricity consumption fell by 6% in 2014 according to raw data, given the extremely mild weather, and by 0.4% after adjustment for weather contingencies. Renewable energies continued to be developed and accounted for nearly 20% of French electricity consumption. The decrease in electricity consumption in 2014, combined with the boost of renewable energies, enabled CO2 emissions in the power sector to be further reduced by 40%. With a positive trade balance of 65 TWh, France remained the leading electricity exporter in Europe.
Due to the mildness of the weather (2014 was the hottest year since the beginning of the 20th century), gross electricity consumption fell by 6% against 2013, to 465.3 TWh. Adjusted for weather contingencies, French electricity consumption decreased by 0.4%. For the first time, SME-SMI, professional and private consumption also fell by 0.5% (392.4 TWh), while large-scale industrial consumption remained stable (67.4 TWh). This slight drop in electricity consumption not only reflected the economic slowdown but also the effect of energy saving measures deployed in France over the past few years.
In 2014, renewable energies (including hydropower) accounted for nearly 20% of French electricity consumption, mirroring 2013 with albeit one difference: renewable energy generation, excluding hydropower, outperformed the fossil fuel share, with 28 TWh of electricity generated. Clarification of the regulatory framework and more favourable economic provisions in 2014 fostered an increase of nearly 1,900 MW in wind power and photovoltaic power generation capacities, with installed capacity of wind power of more than 9,100 MW and that of photovoltaic power of nearly 5,300 MW.
Generation capacity of the coal-fired power plants, several of which have been shut down, plummeted by 58%. With gas-fired plants being deployed less (-28%), and given the weather conditions not being conducive to the use of these means of generation, fossil fuel power generation fell by 17.7 TWh (-40%).
The drop in consumption, combined with the boom in renewable energies and decreased fossil fuel power generation meant that greenhouse gas emissions were reduced by more than 40% in the electricity sector, with 19 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent.
Electricity trades were especially sustained in 2014 (92.4 TWh exported and 27.3 TWh imported). With a positive trade balance of 65.1 TWh in 2014, France remained the leading electricity exporter in Europe. Due to unavailability of virtually half of the Belgian nuclear fleet, 16.5 TWh of electricity was exported to Belgium (+28% against 2013). Sustained use of the interconnections especially confirmed the need to continue to adapt the power grid so that it can achieve the aims of energy transition embarked upon in France and in Europe. In order to contribute to this initiative and enable customers to receive clean, safe and cost-effective electricity, in 2014, RTE upheld its level of investment at M€1,374, roughly the same amount as in 2013. All this information on consumption, generation, cross-border exchanges and CO2 emissions can be consulted in real time on the new version of the general public application, éco2mix, available on smart phones, tablet computers and the RTE website.
Living in Florida can be stressful.
More often than not, an ejaculation can safely unravel the knotted web of frustration spun into our minds by the scolding heat and insanity that we face on a daily basis.
Porn helps with this release immensely, especially for those on a tight schedule. Most people can agree it's harmless, and even has medical benefits such as lowering blood pressure.
Not Ross Spano…
This particular Dover Republican believes that pornography is creating a “public health crisis.”
UPDATE: In January they changed the language to read “public health risk,” trying not to sound so ridiculous. The bill is still ridiculous.
They believe so adamantly in their demonization of porn, that they proposed House Bill 157 to “protect citizens of this state” from pornography.
https://www.flsenate.gov/Session/Bill/2018/00157/?Tab=BillText
In a state that's inundated with Florida Man articles, from theft to drug addiction to violence and murder… it's boobies that disturb them the most.
According to floridapolitics.com, other bills like this have been introduced and passed in other states such as Utah and Tennessee… states that make Floridians look like geniuses.
You probably won't be able to stop this, because politicians really don't give a fuck what you think… but you can at least tell them what a stupid idea this is by contacting them on theirs website.
https://rossspano.com/contact/
Now, back to PornHub it is for me…
Oh, and what a surprise:
Killing these CSR payments as Trump has threatened would be purely destructive.
On occasion, when President Trump has issued their terroristic threats to cut off the so-called cost-sharing reduction payments to insurance companies, he's made it sound like he's just getting out of the way and letting Obamacare “implode.” And both they and some congressional conservatives like to talk as though continuing CSR subsidies (which help offset the cost of measures insurance companies are required to take under the Affordable Care Act to prevent large out-of-pocket costs for low-income policyholders) is just a “bailout for insurance companies.” How could regular people get upset about that?
Well, at the request of congressional Democrats the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released an official estimate of what would happen if CSR payments aren't continued by the president or by Congress, and it's not a pretty sight.
Since those “bailed-out” insurance companies will pass their uncompensated CSR costs onto consumers, individual insurance premiums would rise 20 percent in 2018 above the levels already expected, and another 5 percent more by 2020. And because many consumers hit by the premium increases will qualify for increased insurance purchasing tax credits from the federal government, the CBO estimates killing CSR subsidies would actually increase federal budget deficits by $194 billion over ten years. And that's taking into account the $118 billion the government would save from not having to make the CSR payments themselves.
Oh, and for dessert, the CBO estimates this step would increase to 5 percent of the U.S. population the number of people living in places with no private individual insurance offerings.
As Sarah Kliff of Vox puts it:
It will cost the federal government nearly $200 billion to end the cost-sharing reduction subsidies. For that extra spending, the federal government would have a market with higher premiums and less competition. Trump talks a lot about making deals. This does not sound like a very good one.
It's about as classic a penny-wise, pound-foolish decision any president or Congress could make. And despite all the kvetching about “saving” Obamacare or refusing to subsidize insurance companies, killing CSR payments would be purely destructive to market stability. There's no more sugar-coating it.
Staying put: Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina (Picture: PA)
Liverpool goalkeeper Pepe Reina insists they have no intention of ending their eight-year Anfield association in the summer.
Barcelona have been repeatedly linked with the Spain international as a replacement for Victor Valdes, who wants a fresh challenge away from the Nou Camp.
Arsenal are also reported to be lining up a summer swoop for Reina but the 30-year-old shot-stopper said: ‘Any talk of me joining Barça is just speculation. I've got a contract at Liverpool and I'm very happy here.
Happy: Luis Suarez of Liverpool (Picture: Getty)
‘I am sure Victor Valdes with have their reasons for deciding to leave Barcelona. I respect him. He's my [international] team-mate and friend. He'll be leaving with their head held high, as he's given their all to Barcelona.'
Reina, who was at Barça as a boy, also reckons that Liverpool striker Luis Suarez will also be staying where they are rather than take up any offer to move to Spain.
‘I can't see Luis playing in La Liga,' they added. ‘I think they will stay at Liverpool.  They are a great player.'
Story highlights A top Republican calls for a resolution authorizing force
Obama cites opportunity to see how international pressures "play out"
Iranian official "berated" Western governments for ignoring "rules" for talks
IAEA inspectors want to see Parchin military base about potential nuclear-related testing
The United States and other countries agreed Tuesday to resume negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program.
Also Tuesday, Iran signaled a willingness to let international inspectors visit a key military base that international inspectors suspect could be involved in a nuclear weapons program.
The United States, France, Britain, China, Russia and Germany said they would resume stalled talks in a letter from the European Union's foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton. They were responding to an overture that Iran made last month.
Israel, the United States and other countries have said they suspect Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons. International inspectors also have voiced concern, but Iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful, civilian purposes.
Israel has spoken openly about the possibility of an attack on Iran's nuclear program.
At a news conference in Washington, President Barack Obama on Tuesday cited the possibility of talks, while stressing the "unprecedented pressure" world leaders have been placing on Iran.
"We're now seeing noises about them returning to the negotiating table," Obama said, adding that it "is deeply in everybody's interests -- the United States, Israel and the world's -- to see if this can be resolved in a peaceful fashion."
Given "the huge toll" Iran is facing from sanctions and isolation, "they understand that the world community means business," they said.
Emphasizing the possibility of a diplomatic solution, the president added, "This notion that somehow we have a choice to make in the next week or two weeks or month or two months is not borne out by the facts."
A top Republican, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, said Tuesday it "is time to consider a resolution authorizing the use of force." They added, however, that sanctions are useful.
Previous talks with the "P5+1" -- the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany -- broke off in January 2011, when Iran insisted that all U.N. sanctions be lifted and that the other countries agree that Iran has a right to enrich uranium.
Iran's offer and the agreement reached Tuesday suggests that Tehran may no longer require such a condition.
But Iran's state-run news agency IRNA said Tuesday that Ali Asghar Khaji, Iran's deputy foreign minister for Europe and American affairs, had "berated the Western governments for ignoring rules of the game in nuclear talks with Iran" and "expressed hope Western governments would adopt a new approach to Iran based on reality, initiative and renovation of past policies." The report did not make clear what "rules" Khaji was referring to.
JUST WATCHED The Iran threat: Fact or fiction? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The Iran threat: Fact or fiction? 04:06
JUST WATCHED McCain: Obama needs 'red lines' for Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH McCain: Obama needs 'red lines' for Iran 02:19
JUST WATCHED Iranian Jews in Israel discuss tensions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iranian Jews in Israel discuss tensions 02:42
JUST WATCHED Rep. Cantor on preventing a nuclear Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rep. Cantor on preventing a nuclear Iran 02:29
"No greater threat exists to the security of Israel and to the entire region -- and indeed the United States -- than a nuclear-armed Iran," U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Tuesday to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, a pro-Israel lobby group. "We want diplomacy to work, we will back the diplomacy with strong and increasing pressure, we will keep all options -- including military action -- on the table to prevent (Iran) from obtaining a nuclear weapon," they added.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu discussed Iran on Monday with Obama in Washington.
"Israel must reserve the right to defend itself, and after all, that's the very purpose of the Jewish state: to restore to the Jewish people control over our destiny," they said. "I will never let my people live in the shadow of annihilation."
Obama told the AIPAC group Sunday that "all elements of American power" remain an option to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency, said Monday that inspectors wanted to enter Iran's Parchin military base to investigate evidence of ongoing activities there.
Iran offered Tuesday to let international nuclear inspectors in, but only after details are worked out, its team at the IAEA said.
IAEA inspectors had asked to visit the facility during a February trip to Iran but were rebuffed, the agency and Iran have both said.
Iran's permanent mission to the United Nations agency said Tuesday that the IAEA had been out of line to request access to Parchin, but that once the agency formulated an appropriate request, Iran would let inspectors in.
"Considering the fact that it is a military site, granting access is a time-consuming process and cannot be permitted repeatedly," Iran said. Nevertheless, it said it would allow access after the IAEA submits paperwork about "all related issues."
Inspectors say they believe Iran may have used Parchin to test explosives that could be used to detonate a nuclear weapon.
JUST WATCHED Shimon Peres: Iran is morally corrupt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Shimon Peres: Iran is morally corrupt 01:21
JUST WATCHED Netanyahu won't discuss attacking Iran Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Netanyahu won't discuss attacking Iran 00:52
JUST WATCHED Panetta: The United States doesn't bluff Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Panetta: The United States doesn't bluff 02:15
JUST WATCHED 'Paralyzing' Iran sanctions the answer? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Paralyzing' Iran sanctions the answer? 02:24
IAEA inspectors visited Parchin twice in 2005, but inspectors did not enter the building that housed the test chamber.
Iran offered access to another site late in the February visit, Amano said. But the inspection team in Iran was not equipped to examine Marivan, a site IAEA officials say may have been used to test elements of a nuclear weapon in 2003.
Iran has said its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes, but Amano said Iran's failure to cooperate with international inspectors makes it impossible to confirm that that is the case.
In fact, the agency "continues to have serious concerns regarding possible military dimensions" of Iran's nuclear program, IAEA Director General Yukiya Amano said.
Because Iran is not following an agreement to provide expanded information and broader access to international inspectors, the agency is "unable to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in Iran, and therefore to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities," they said in a statement preceding a news conference.
IAEA inspectors traveled to Iran in January and again in February to discuss the issue, but failed to reach a conclusion, Amano said.
Monday's statement by Amano is not the first time the agency has questioned the purposes of Iran's nuclear program.
Most recently, after the February visit by inspectors, the agency issued a report announcing that Iran had stepped up its efforts to produce enriched uranium in violation of international resolutions and calling on it to stop. In that report, the agency expressed "serious concerns" about potential military uses by Iran.
Among other things, Iran has tripled its monthly production of uranium enriched to contain a 20% concentration of radioactive material and taken other steps to ramp up its nuclear program, Amano said Monday.
While Iran has said the higher-level enrichment is meant to produce therapies for cancer patients and other peaceful purposes, international critics have called the efforts a troubling step toward possible militarization. Nuclear weapons require concentrations of about 90%.
The United Nations, the United States, the European Union and other countries have imposed sanctions related to Iran's nuclear research, and speculation regarding a possible military strike by Israel on Iranian nuclear facilities has been rampant in recent months.
Friday's edition of Fox & Friends featured an interview with the new U.S. ambassador to Russia, Jon Huntsman, that was incredibly soft even by Fox News' standards.
The interview was conducted by Huntsman's daughter, Abby. The new ambassador fielded questions from their daughter about how they manage to rise above politics, the morale of U.S. diplomatic staff in Russia, their language skills, and whether they worry about America losing its “sense of service.”
EXCLUSIVE: @HuntsmanAbby sits down with the newest U.S. Ambassador to Russia, their dad @JonHuntsman pic.twitter.com/uV2UDrfiNb — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) October 6, 2017
But at no point over the span of two segments was Huntsman asked about Russia's interference in American politics, including the cyber campaign Russian operatives waged on behalf of now-President Donald Trump.
WATCH: @HuntsmanAbby talks to their mom and dad @JonHuntsman – the newest U.S. Ambassador to Russia – before they head to Moscow pic.twitter.com/fAh5dZ9752 — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) October 6, 2017
The interview concluded with the new ambassador, their wife Mary Kaye Huntsman, and Abby professing their love for each other, while Jon kissed Abby's forehead.
So turns out Abby Huntsman interviewed both their dad AND their mom this AM on Fox and Friends "(kisses forehead)" pic.twitter.com/RyoHAgRiyU — Aaron Blake (@AaronBlake) October 6, 2017
Fox & Friends has consistently tried to downplay stories related to Russia's interference in the election. Hours ahead of then-FBI Director James Comey's much-anticipated congressional testimony in March, Fox & Friends framed the whole question of Trump's ties to Russia as a nothingburger that American families don't care about. The next day, the show was back at it, informing viewers who missed a hearing during which Comey confirmed that Trump is under FBI investigation that they “didn't miss much.”
Advertisement
As explosive news about President Trump sharing highly sensitive intelligence with Russian officials dominated other networks in May, Fox & Friends devoted multiple segments to salacious coverage of the unsolved July 2016 murder of DNC staffer Seth Rich — the subject of unsubstantiated far-right conspiracy theorizing since the summer of 2016. Fox News later retracted its coverage of the Rich story, though Fox & Friends hosts never apologized for featuring flawed reporting so prominently.
That same month, the show amplified a dubious, unbylined Fox News report in a desperate attempt to downplay reports that White House senior adviser Jared Kushner sought to set up a secret back-channel means of communication with the Kremlin before Trump's inauguration.
In June, the show recklessly conspiracy-mongered about Comey's visit to the New York Times building even after it had been reported that Comey was there to support a children's charity that has nothing to do with the Times. The next month, hosts went to absurd lengths to justify Trump's incoherent tweet about how “everyone” at the Group of 20 summits in Germany was “talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA.” And in late July, the show refused to apologize for falsely suggesting a New York Times article helped Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi escape capture by reporting on U.S. military intelligence. (The show's misleading coverage was quickly used by Trump to attack the Times on Twitter.)
It's perhaps no wonder, then, that Fox & Friends is Trump's favorite show.
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 2nd, 2010
Via: al.com:
‘The following is not public' document states
A confidential government report on the unfolding spill disaster in the Gulf makes clear the Coast Guard now fears the well could become an unchecked gusher shooting millions of gallons of oil per day into the Gulf.
“The following is not public,” reads the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Emergency Response document dated April 28. “Two additional release points were found today in the tangled riser. If the riser pipe deteriorates further, the flow could become unchecked resulting in a release volume an order of magnitude higher than previously thought.”
Asked Friday to comment on the document, NOAA spokesperson Scott Smullen said that the additional leaks described were reported to the public late Wednesday night. Regarding the possibility of the spill becoming an order of magnitude larger, Smullen said, “I'm letting the document you have spoken for itself.”
In scientific circles, an order of magnitude means something is 10 times larger. In this case, an order of magnitude higher would mean the volume of oil coming from the well could be 10 times higher than the 5,000 barrels a day coming out now. That would mean 50,000 barrels a day, or 2.1 million gallons a day. It appears the new leaks mentioned in the Wednesday release are the leaks reported to the public late Wednesday night.
“There is no official change in the volume released but the USCG is no longer stating that the release rate is 1,000 barrels a day,” continues the document, referred to as report No. 12. “Instead they are saying that they are preparing for a worst-case release and bringing all assets to bear.”
The emergency document also states that the spill has grown in size so quickly that only 1 to 2 percent of it has been sprayed with dispersants.
The Press-Register obtained the emergency report from a government official. The White House, NOAA, the Coast Guard and BP Plc did not immediately return calls for comment made early this morning.
The worst-case scenario for the broken and leaking well pouring oil into the Gulf of Mexico would be the loss of the wellhead and kinked piping currently restricting the flow to 5,000 barrels — or 210,000 gallons — per day.
If the wellhead is lost, oil could leave the well at a much greater rate.
“Typically, a very good well in the Gulf can produce 30,000 barrels a day, but that's under control. I have no idea what an uncontrolled release could be,” said Stephen Sears, chairperson of the petroleum engineering department at Louisiana State University.
On Thursday, federal officials said they were preparing for the worst-case scenario but didn't elaborate.
Kinks in the piping created as the rig sank to the seafloor may be all that is preventing the Deepwater Horizon well from releasing its maximum flow. BP is now drilling a relief well as the ultimate fix. The company said Thursday that process would take up to 3 months.
“I'm not sure what's happening down there right now. I have heard there is a kink in what's called the riser. The riser is a long pipe that connects the wellhead to the rig. I really don't know if that kink is a big restriction. Is that really a big restriction? There could be another restriction further down,” said LSU's Sears.
“An analogy would be if you have a kink in a garden hose. You suspect that kink is restricting the flow, but there could be another restriction or kink somewhere else closer to the faucet.
BP Plc executive Doug Suttles said Thursday the company was worried about “erosion” of the pipe at the wellhead.
Sand is an integral part of the formations that hold oil under the Gulf. That sand, carried in the oil as it shoots through the piping, is blamed for the ongoing erosion described by BP.
“The pipe could disintegrate. You've got sand getting into the pipe, it's eroding the pipe all the time, like a sandblaster,” said Ron Gouget, a former oil spill response coordinator for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
“When the oil is removed normally, it comes out at a controlled rate. You can still have abrasive particles in that. Well, now, at this well, its coming out at fairly high velocity,” Gouget continued. “Any erosive grains are abrading the inside of the pipe and all the steel that comes in contact with the liquid. It's essentially sanding away the pipe.”
Gouget said the loss of a wellhead is totally unprecedented.
“How bad it could get from that, you will have a tremendous volume of oil that is going to be offgassing on the coast. Depending on how much wind is there, and how those gases build up, that's a significant health concern,” they said.
The formation that was being drilled by Deepwater Horizon when it exploded and sank last week is reported to have tens of millions of barrels of oil. A barrel contains 42 gallons.
Smullen described the NOAA document as a regular daily briefing. “Your report makes it sound pretty dire. It's a scenario,” they said, “It's a regular daily briefing sheet that considered different scenarios much like any first responder would.”
Research Credit: ltcolonelnemo
Collapse, Energy, Environment, Infrastructure | Posted in Atrocities Top Of Page
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Photo: Pulpolux !!!/Flickr.
Αναρωτιόμουν
περιφερόμενος στην ομίχλη των αριθμών.
Σπ. Κωσταγιoλας,
Σε τροχιά φωτός
Χ​ρειάζεται μια ρήξη. Οχι όμως με το μέλλον, αλλά με το παρελθόν. Είμαστε μπροστά στο ιστορικό σταυροδρόμι της εθνικής ανασύνταξης. Το αδιέξοδο είναι πίσω μας. Το ίδιο και η βύθιση στην τραγικότητα του μηδενισμού, της συνολικής αποτυχίας και της αβοηθησίας. Το πολιτικό, το οικονομικό, το κοινωνικό, το αξιακό πρέπει να συνοδοιπορούν σ' αυτή την πορεία εξόδου από την παρακμή. Αυτή είναι η διδαχή της Αριστεράς που θέλει να σηκώσει όρθια όλη την κοινωνία και όχι απλώς να δικαιώσει την αντιπολιτευτική της γραμμή.
Ας επιλέξουμε ως χώρα το μοντέλο ανάπτυξης, τους συμμάχους και τις αναγκαίες κινήσεις και ας πάψουμε να μηρυκάζουμε τα περί θηλιάς, «μοιραίας» λύσης κ.λπ. Δεν μπορώ να πω ότι κινούμαστε στα άκρα. Είναι πάντως βέβαιο ότι δεν ζούμε στην «άκρη της Ευρώπης». Θα μπορούσαμε ενδεχομένως να είμαστε συνεχώς και στο επίκεντρο του ενδιαφέροντος, όχι όμως λόγω γκλαμουροαριστερού lifestyle, αλλά λόγω στρατηγικής θέσης και σταθερής εθνικής στρατηγικής, μέσα στο περίπλοκο ευρωπαϊκό γίγνεσθαι.
Το κρίσιμο ερώτημα δεν είναι (όπως παλιά) «ποιος κυβερνάει αυτή τη χώρα», αλλά το «ποιος θέλει να μην κυβερνιέται αυτό το κράτος με δημοκρατία και κοινωνική δικαιοσύνη;». Αυτό το ερώτημα δεν συνδέεται μόνο με τη διαδικασία της διαπραγμάτευσης. Εχει ευρύτερο εσωτερικό βάθος. Αυτό δεν σημαίνει ότι χρειαζόμαστε «νέους εχθρούς». Ενα νέο πολιτικό και κοινωνικό συμβόλαιο που θα υπογράψουν και θα τιμήσουν όλοι, πολιτικοί και πολίτες, είναι σήμερα αναγκαίο όσο ποτέ άλλοτε. Ενα συμβόλαιο τιμής, αλήθειας και συνεπούς «γραμμής».
Από το «ιστορικό κεκτημένο» περάσαμε στο «ηθικό πλεονέκτημα», αποφεύγοντας να αντιμετωπίσουμε τα (εμφανή;) σημάδια της πολιτικής παρακμής της Μεταπολίτευσης που καλείται να διαχειριστεί η Αριστερά χωρίς να είναι υπεύθυνη για τα όσα έγιναν.
Εδώ δεν πρόκειται για έντιμους (με τους έξω) ή για ιστορικούς συμβιβασμούς (με τους μέσα) αλλά για την επαναφορά της κοινωνικής, κοινοβουλευτικής και πολιτικής ζωής στο πλαίσιο του ορθολογισμού, του διαλόγου, της νηφαλιότητας, της σύνεσης, της σύνθεσης.
Ξεμείναμε από μύθους και θαύματα. Χρειαζόμαστε αλήθειες και σχέδιο. Το περιούσιον και το εξαιρετικόν (ή και εξαιρέσιμον) δεν μας κάνουν καλό. Προτιμότερη η εμπιστοσύνη στους θεσμούς, δηλαδή σ' εμάς τους ίδιους (και όχι στον υπερβατικό εαυτό μας).
Δεν είμαστε ούτε θύματα της σύγχρονης Ιστορίας ούτε οι βασικοί συντελεστές της πορείας της. Το αν είμαστε «αναλώσιμοι» ή «βιώσιμοι» εξαρτάται αποκλειστικά από εμάς.
Η κυβέρνηση οφείλει να δείξει τον δρόμο της ηγεμόνευσης όχι μόνο με αυτοαναφορές στην Αριστερά, αλλά και με εμπέδωση ενός νέου συστήματος διακυβέρνησης της χώρας που θα βασίζεται σε κοινές αξίες, οι οποίες κινητοποιούν όλες τις κοινωνικές δυνάμεις (ακόμα και –ιδίως– τους «εν δυνάμει» αντιπάλους της).
Η ενηλικίωση της κυβερνώσας Αριστεράς θα επιτευχθεί μέσα από το άνοιγμα στους εμπνευσμένους συγγραφείς του μέλλοντος και όχι μέσω της εσωστρέφειας των «μεταφραστών» του παρελθόντος. Η συνωμοσιολογία ότι όλοι είναι «εναντίον της Αριστεράς» δείχνει αδυναμία, αμηχανία και εν τέλει «ναρκισσιστική φοβία» διαχείρισης της πραγματικότητας.
Ηρθε η ώρα για το άλμα πάνω από τη φθορά.
Για το άλμα πάνω από την αυταρέσκεια και την αυτάρκεια. Για το άλμα εις ύψος και όχι εις μήκος. Για το άλμα στο καινό που ζητάει όλη η Ελλάδα και όχι στο κενό, κίνδυνο που δεν βλέπουν μόνον οι εθελοτυφλούντες.
ΥΓ. 1: Αλλο να προστατεύουμε τις διακηρύξεις μας κι άλλο να κρυβόμαστε πίσω από αυτές.
ΥΓ. 2: Η χώρα έχει ανάγκη από «σταθερές» (θεσμούς, κανόνες, παραδόσεις) και όχι από ανομικές ασάφειες.
ΥΓ. 3: Η «αρρωστημένη» συμπεριφορά ορισμένων πολιτικών μπορεί να προσβάλει την υγεία της Κοινοβουλευτικής Δημοκρατίας. Προσοχή και σ' αυτές τις κόκκινες γραμμές.
* Ο κ. Γιάννης Πανούσης είναι καθηγητής και αναπληρωτής υπουργός Προστασίας του Πολίτη.
Police opened 51 investigations on Tuesday related to alleged voting fraud ranging from impersonation, stolen ballots and threats against ballot officials, and 23 suspects were being pursued.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
One man was arrested for voter fraud and several voting stations were closed due to voting irregularities and fears of impersonation.
Photo: EPA, Reuters, AP
Several attempts to subvert the voting process were noted in the north – four voters who arrived at their designated voting stations in Nahariya, Kiryat Tiv'on and Kiryat Ata found that someone had already voted in their name. Local police began investigating each incident.
Police said that one man claimed that someone else may have used their lost drivers license to vote in their name. A similar incident was reported in Afula where a 19-year-old who arrived to vote found out that someone had voted in their name shortly before they arrived at the voting site.
IDF soldiers vote in southern Israel. (Photo: IDF Spokesman's Unit)
In another case of attempted voting fraud, a man tried to submit three envelopes into the voting box. At another voting location, a woman attacked a secretary of the Ballot Committee in the western Galilee after they refused to let them enter the voting booth with their mother. The woman was taken in by police for further questioning.
Natalia Goichman, who arrived at their voting station in Rehovot at 12:30 pm, claims they were told that they were registered as voting with two other individuals earlier in the morning. According to Goichman, their parents had gone to vote in the morning but they had not been with them. The Ballot Committee said that they had registered seeing their identification card and that they would not let them vote, and refused to investigate the issue further.
Goichman filed a complaint with the police. "I was there for about half an hour," they said, "the police officer at the site made a phone call and so did the secretary of the Ballot Committee, but they did not let me vote in the end."
The Ballot Committee's spokesperson said they would look into the issue.
In Beit Shemesh, near Jerusalem, a 23-year-old man was arrested after they pushed over the stand with the voting ballots. The incident revolved around a secretary of the Ballot Committee who accused the chairperson of the voting station of entering extra votes. The man was taken in for further investigation.
Photo: AP
In the vastly Arab populated Umm al-Fahm in northern Israel, a complaint was issued for suspected voter fraud. The chairperson of the voting station was taken in for investigation after being accused of entering envelopes illegally into the voting box.
Complaints were filed Tuesday of illegal use of handicap ballots. Police said that they would look into the incidents and open criminal proceedings against those who signed false affidavits and unlawfully voted at handicap booths.
Election Committee members toured the disabled voting booths on Tuesday, including committee chairperson Judge Salim Jubran, and witnessed young citizens who were voting at handicap booths for no reason. The committee members asked police to investigate the individuals.
One voting station in southern Israel already closed down by Tuesday afternoon after all the registered voters at the site, 72 residents, had carried out their right to vote. The votes were transferred to the central polling station.
Anime News Network's merchandise coverage sponsored by Tokyo Otaku Mode
Approximately 10 years ago the anime adaptation of Akira Amano's Katekyo Hitman Reborn! premiered on Japanese television. The series' production companies are taking note by planning a series of collaborations and new merchandise to celebrate the milestone.
One of the first collaboration is the return of "Vongole Festa" at the Jump Shop within the Tokyo Dome City store. This is the first Volgola Festa in five years and its running simultaneously with ēlDLIVE Festa, another series based on a work by Akira Amano. Vongole Festa will launch on May 20 and run for one week. Visitors can get a limited edition postcard for participating (see below image).
Reborn! was added to the line-up at the J-World Tokyo theme park last year and ran until January. The park will again feature the characters as part of a "Future Edition" event starting on June 5. Visitors can get a second limited edition postcard.
Finally, Nico Nico headquarters' nicocafe will feature Reborn! as starting on July 20. Visitors can get the third limited edition postcard at that location.
Katekyo Hitman Reborn! premiered in the fall 2006 anime season. The series is getting a Blu-ray box release that is separated into three boxes. The second box includes nine Blu-ray discs (episodes 74-141), a bonus disc, and a bonus drama CD. Customers that purchase the Blu-ray box through the Canime online shop will also get 19 postcards with artwork from the original DVD jackets. Character designer Masayoshi Tanaka drew the release's digipak illustration and Akira Amano drew a new illustration for the Blu-ray case's back side.
The box set costs 38,000 yen (US$339) and is slated for release on May 17. The first Blu-ray box was released on April 19 for the same price. It included episodes 1-73.
The anime will also get a new CD release featuring all the opening and ending themes from the series as well as previously recorded character songs. "Katekyo Hitman Reborn! Anime Theme Songs & Character Theme Songs Cover Collection" is a two-disc set covering 31 songs from the series and is slated for release on July 19 for 2,800 yen (US$25).
[Via Nijimen (Link 2)]
ONE BAG. INFINITE OPTIONS.
We believe you should have the freedom to select the features and personal options to configure your own perfect golf bag for every golfing experience. When the terrain, the elements, or your personal needs change, your BAMF Golf Bag will be prepared to adapt.
Why did the PGA ask if the The BAMF Golf bag is the greatest golf bag? Because of MOLLE. It's the nylon webbing system used on every piece of gear worn by military and law enforcement personnel around the world. It allows those people to create their own personalized gear depending on the mission. These include things like hard sided sun-glass cases, smart phone pouches, Nalgene water bottle and other drink holders, GPS and range finder pouches, drink koozies and literally hundreds more. And not just one version but various designs, literally thousands of parts already available from dozens of manufacturers all with deep levels of internal features and exterior style. And they are all commercially available at places like Amazon and Walmart.com
Watch the 60 second demonstration video below to learn more.
And because both of the standard golf bag pouches are completely removable you can have them custom embroidered with names, teams, or corporate logos just like the professionals.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed legislation that empowers the government to designate media outlets receiving funding from abroad as "foreign agents" and impose sanctions against them.
The new law was published on Russia's official legal information Internet portal on Saturday.
The measure passed the Federation Council, the upper chamber of parliament, Wednesday in a unanimous 154-0 vote, with one abstention.
And it was unanimously approved in the third and final reading in the lower house, the State Duma, on November 15. Within hours, the Justice Ministry sent warnings to several Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) news services.
The letters did not specify what potential restrictions they could face, but lawmakers have said designated media could be subjected to detailed financial-reporting requirements and required to label published material as coming from a foreign agent.
RFE/RL was among several media outlets that Russian officials warned could be labeled a foreign agent, a list that also included the Voice of America (VOA), CNN, and Germany's international broadcaster, Deutsche Welle.
In response to news that Putin signed the law, RFE/RL President Thomas Kent said, "We cannot speculate at this time on the effect of the new law, since no news organization has yet been specifically named as a 'foreign agent' and the restrictions to be imposed on such 'agents' have not been announced."
"We remain committed to continuing our journalistic work, in the interests of providing accurate and objective news to our Russian-speaking audiences," they added.
John Lansing, director of the Broadcasting Board of Governors which oversees VOA and RFE/RL, said in a statement Saturday, "RFE/RL, VOA, and the other networks of U.S. international media will remain committed to our mission, stipulated by U.S. law, to provide accurate, objective, and comprehensive journalism and other content to our global audiences, including in the Russian Federation.
"We will study carefully all communications we may receive from Russian authorities concerning our operations. While we will not speculate as to the effect that any new steps by the Russian government will have on our journalistic work, any characterization of such steps as reciprocity for U.S. actions severely distorts reality," Lansing said.
The international rights organization Amnesty International has said the legislation would deal a "serious blow" to media freedom in Russia, although Russian officials have said it would not apply to domestic media.
Russian officials have called the new legislation a "symmetrical response" to what they describe as U.S. pressure on Russian media. On November 13, the Russian state-funded television channel RT registered in the United States under a decades-old law called the Foreign Agents Registration Act.
Lansing, however, denied Moscow's actions were "symmetrical." "Russian media, including RT and Sputnik, are free to operate in the United States and can be, and are, carried by U.S. cable television outlets and FM radio stations. However, U.S international media, including VOA and RFE/RL, are banned from television and radio in Russia," they said in a statement released Saturday.
The U.S. Justice Department required RT to register in the wake of a January finding by U.S. intelligence agencies that RT and Russia's Sputnik news agency spread disinformation as part of a Russian-government effort to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
In a November 15 statement, RFE/RL said the "situation regarding Russian media in the U.S. and U.S. media in Russia remains vastly unequal."
"RT and Sputnik distribute freely in the U.S., whereas RFE/RL has lost its broadcast affiliates in Russia due to administrative pressures, and has no access to cable," it said. "RFE/RL reporters are subject to harassment and even physical attack in Russia."
Visiting the Moscow bureau of RFE/RL and VOA on November 17, U.S. Ambassador Jon Huntsman said that the Russian legislation was a "big concern" for the United States and that "the principles of free media in any free society and democracy are absolutely critical for strength and well-being."
TBILISI (Reuters) - Six Georgian soldiers were killed in southern Afghanistan on Thursday when a suicide bomber detonated a truck filled with explosives, the defense ministry said.
The attack takes the number of Georgian troop deaths in Afghanistan - where the former Soviet country has the largest non-NATO combat troop presence - to 28.
“It was a terrorist attack on our base ... Six of our soldiers died, nine were wounded,” Irakly Dzneladze, the head of military staff, told a briefing.
They said the bomber drove the truck into the base in Helmand, the Afghan province where 1,500 Georgian troops are stationed.
It was the second such attack on Georgian troops in Afghanistan in a month. A suicide bomber killed three Georgian soldiers on May 13.
Georgian troops have been in Afghanistan since 2004, a commitment that underscores Tbilisi's ambition to join NATO, despite opposition from neighboring Russia, with which it fought a war in 2008.
“This is a tragedy for their families, for our country and each of us,” Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili said in a televised statement.
Tweet Responding to investor concerns that TheStreet.Com has continued targeting thriving small-cap biomedical companies with inaccurate articles, BioMedReports has been repeatedly contacted by officials of publicly traded companies-- among them, Hoji Alimi who serves as CEO of Petaluma, California based Oculus Innovative Sciences (NASDAQ:OCLS).
Mr. Alimi's breakthrough Microcyn® Technology- water based, biocompatible solution used increasingly around the world to help prevent and treat infections in chronic and acute wounds- has been gaining attention both on Wall Street and in the national media due to its rapid kill anti-microbial and healing properties.
A San Francisco bay area television station recently reported that the technology is a promising path to a major medical advance and earlier this month, Oculus shares rose after the company received an expanded 510(k) label clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to market it's Microcyn® Skin and Wound Cleanser with preservatives as both a prescription and over-the-counter formulation. The new prescription product is indicated for use by health care professionals to manage the debridement of wounds such as stage I-IV pressure ulcers, diabetic foot ulcers, post-surgical wounds, first- and second-degree wounds, grafted and donor sites.
Not long after the announcement, TheStreet.Com's biomedical columnist Adam Feuerstein leveled an accusation that Oculus “appeared to be skirting U.S. drug laws by claiming that its wound-cleansing product containing common diluted bleach has drug-like therapeutic properties.”
Related News Video
Coverage
Calls from angry and confused patients, doctors and investors flooded the offices of the company and shares were negatively impacted. It certainly wasn't the first time, TheStreet.Com's coverage has impacted a stock's price and its shareholders, but company officials became concerned when they heard reports that members of the medical community and patients who use Microcyn® products were adversely affected by the report.
“This is becoming a patient safety issue and putting public safety at risk,” Alimi told BioMedReports in an exclusive recorded interview. “It's no longer [about] attacking a company and the market potential and market cap. You're damaging public safety.”
Alimi, was concerned enough to craft a letter to CNBC's Jim Cramer who co-founded TheStreet.com in 1996 and took the company public in 1999.
“[I] copied the gentleman [Feuerstein] who had written the report, “explained the Iranian-born, Alimi. While the Oculus CEO made it clear that they believed the publication and writer were entitled to their constitutionally protected opinion they felt that the publication had fallen short of reporting the truth and science behind the technology accurately.
“When you haven't done your due diligence and you don't understand the basic chemistry of our product [and] you make recommendations like that you are putting patients' safety at risk,” insists Alimi. “There has to be a level of integrity in the research written and I think that's really lacking in their case.”
Last month, Dr. William A. Carter, the CEO of Hemispherx Biopharma (NASDAQ:HEB) angrily reacted to slanted attacks and base-less reports by stating that “Adam Feuerstein wouldn't know good science if it bit them in the ass.”
Investors across the internet have also lashed out against Feuerstein's coverage on message boards - many of them leveling threats of physical violence while others have called for investigations by federal authorities and even lawsuits. Feuerstein has responded to some of the anger by stating that “Carter's bluster [was] designed to divert attention away from the real matter at hand” and by clarifying to their reader that they write their columns and stories when they uncover information that they think is important for investors to have.
Recently, Thomas Clarke, who had served as CEO of the financial news website, announced that they were leaving the publicly traded company “effective immediately.” It was reported that Clarke's abrupt departure came less than a day after Jon Stewart's Comedy Central cable hit, The Daily Show, aired tape of Jim Cramer explaining in a Street.com webcast how he, as a hedge fund manager, manipulated value to serve some publicly traded companies and investors at the expense of others.
Stewart's show took Cramer, CNBC, and financial “journalism,” in general, to the cleaners but Feuerstein has insisted and written: “I don't make this job personal. I like to find good stories to write about -- stories that hopefully help investors make some money in biotech. (The best way to do that, sometimes, is to avoid buying certain stocks) If the stories are controversial, it's all the better, because those are usually the most fun.”
In the case of Oculus, the “story” has definitely not been perceived as “fun” and appears to fall short of fact- scientific or otherwise- according to Alimi.
Bleach is sodium hypochlorite which is anti-microbial at a high pH (pH scale of 8 and higher).
“When you take that solution to a lower pH, you no longer have sodium hypochlorite as your active [ingredient], you have Hypochlorus acid (HOCI)” explains Alimi. “It's a different chemistry. And Hypochlorus acid can be converted to different chemicals in a wound depending on how it's manufactured, so that is a significant difference in the chemistry of our product.”
Alimi points out that when a physician uses bleach in a wound, they will surely kill the infection in that wound, but they will also kill tissue and cause harm in the wound bed. In addition, diluted bleach solutions have not shown any wound healing impact- something that independent medical studies and trials have attributed to Microcyn®.
Some feel that this type of reporting can be directly blamed for TheStreet's continued troubles and decline in the current bear market.
As recently reported, the publication's stock recently dropped below $2 per share, down from $9.50 per share a year ago. In recent years it had traded as high as $16 per, but it has also suffered with the decline in the media and advertising markets as well as a major purge of subscriber newsletter operations. Its success was initially tied closely to Mr. Cramer's popularity, but the recent heavy criticism may finally be reflecting in the company's (NASDAQ:TSCM) stock price performance.
In a strange twist, many have noted that stocks which have been the subject of slanted reports by Mr. Feuerstein, have just been added to the Russell 3000 index while TSCM itself has been booted as a financial services sector stock.
An excerpt of Mr. Almi's interview with BioMedReports can be heard below. In it, they react to investors' questions about litigation, TheStreet.Com's coverage and whether or not Oculus has considered issuing additional common shares.
"Featured Content" profiles are meant to provide awareness of these companies to investors in the small-cap and growth equity community and should not in any way come across as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold these securities. BiomedReports is not paid or compensated by newswires to disseminate or report news and developments about publicly traded companies, but may from time to time receive compensation for advertising, data, analytics and investor relation services from various entities and firms. Full disclosures should be read in the 'About Us Section'
Add this page to your favorite Social Bookmarking websites
Add this page to your favorite Social Bookmarking websites View the discussion thread. blog comments powered by Disqus back to top
There is nothing new about white supremacist groups in the U.S., or anti-Semitism, or people who defend the symbols of the Confederacy. (The “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, was to protest the planned removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.) From Richard Nixon's “law and order” platform to Ronald Reagan's invocation of the “welfare queen,” presidents (mostly Republican, at least in recent decades) have regularly appealed to white, conservative-leaning voters by playing up fears and stereotypes about African-Americans and other minority groups.
What is different about this iteration of white nationalism is how the movement is framing its ideas, and the place those ideas occupy in U.S. politics. One of the chants white nationalists repeatedly turned to as they marched in Charlottesville on Friday night and Saturday was “white lives matter” — a direct response to the “Black Lives Matter” movement that emerged after the killing of Michael Brown by Ferguson, Missouri, police in August 2014 and the resulting protests.
That context is important to understand this moment in American politics — the events in Charlottesville and the “alt-right” generally. There are two competing narratives about race and racism at the center of today's discussions. One perspective — most directly expressed by Black Lives Matter activists but also shared by many Democratic politicians, the media and other elite institutions — is that a “Black Lives Matter” movement is necessary because, by a lot of metrics, America has left blacks behind. The wealth of the average white family still dwarfs that of the average African-American family. The black jobless rate is about double that of the white one. Black men are disproportionately killed by police officers. Black children are more likely than white ones to attend high-poverty schools.
To those who agree with the Black Lives Matter narrative, America doesn't need a White Lives Matter movement because it already values white lives.
The Black Lives Matter movement is also part of a broader push on the left for promoting gender equality, expanding rights for gay and transgender Americans and ensuring workplaces and universities have more “diversity,” which usually means adding to the number of black, Latino, Asian and other non-white employees, along with women of all races.
The competing narrative, one expressed mainly by conservatives, is that “Black Lives Matter” is essentially a liberal political movement like any other, and not a reflection of real, structural discrimination or inequality. Conservatives therefore can and should make a counter-argument. And if blacks (and women and Latinos and Asians) are invoking their race and identity, why can't whites as well?
“CELEBRATE WHO YOU ARE UNLESS YOU'RE WHITE: White nationalists are not Democrats b/c there's no room for them at the multicultural picnic,” conservative writer and intellectual Dinesh D'Souza wrote on Twitter on Saturday, amid the tension in Charlottesville. In another tweet, D'Souza wrote, “These #BlackLivesMatter and #WhiteLivesMatter groups seem to have no idea how closely their principles mirror each other #BirdsOfAFeather.”
The various groups that are generally listed under the “white nationalist” or “alt-right” banners may have differing views on racial issues. And the racial views of Trump voters, conservatives and Republicans are even more disparate. But in describing the narrative competing against Black Lives Matter, we do have some data. Polls have found that Republicans are more likely than Democrats and the public overall to see whites and Christians as facing high levels of discrimination. Republicans, meanwhile, also perceive less discrimination towards blacks and Muslims than other Americans do.
And in my own conversations with some conservative activists after Black Lives Matter emerged, there was confusion about why exactly America needed a movement to improve the lives of black people. If you're a white man in your 20s or 30s, as many of the Charlottesville protesters appeared to be, a list of the dominant American culture icons of your lifetime might start with Oprah, Beyoncé, Lebron James and Serena Williams. And it isn't just culture: A black man, Barack Obama, has served as president, and African-Americans have led institutions from the State Department to McDonald's. Black people as a group remain under-privileged in American society, but this is not the 1960s — or even the 1990s — in one important way: Blacks literally have (or have had) some of the most coveted jobs in America.
It's easier for many whites to convince themselves that the problem isn't racism, it's “reverse racism.” (Affirmative action, which gives African-Americans and other minority groups an advantage in college admissions, hiring and other areas, comes under particular fire from many conservatives.) This strain of white identity politics, which sees white people as the group in need of special protection, is relatively new. In 2005, 6 percent of both Republicans and Democrats thought white Americans experienced “a great deal” of discrimination, according to a Pew Research Center survey. In 2016, the share of Republicans had jumped to 18 percent, while Democrats ticked up only slightly to 9 percent. Forty-nine percent of Republicans — compared to just 29 percent of Democrats — said whites face at least “some” discrimination.
And then there's the role of President Trump. Some of the activists on Saturday invoked Trump and said their victory had galvanized them. And the president, in repeated statements about Charlottesville, was unwilling to explicitly condemn “white supremacy,” a phrase used by others, including some Republicans.
Trump has not literally used the phrase “white lives matter,” but many of their policies have played on white identity politics. As I detailed earlier this year, Trump started their administration off with a series of moves that seemed aimed at defending and protecting conservative Christians, police officers, people who fear that Latino immigrants are taking their jobs or redefining U.S. culture, and broadly pushing back against the goals of liberal multiculturalism. In the last few months, they and their administration have continued in that direction, proposing to bar transgender people from serving in the military, preparing to file lawsuits against universities that have affirmative action programs, limiting the Department of Education's investigations of colleges for sexual assault, and unveiling a plan to restrict legal immigration.
Would any Republican president who succeeded Obama have done some of these things? Probably. Would that person have done all of them? I doubt it.
To what extent is Trump driving the country towards more white-identity politics? I'm not sure, since it's hard to determine the cause and effect here: Did Obama's election, the events of 2014, such as Ferguson and its aftermath, and the nation's increasing diversity create an atmosphere for “white lives matter”-style activism that Trump was able to tap into? Or did their campaign create the movement in some ways? Or did Trump simply expand or highlight what was already there? I don't know.
But what's clear is that we are seeing strong, overt signs of white identity politics from conservatives, and Trump is executing an agenda that pushes back against the identity politics of liberals. Trump could eventually and pointedly criticize “Unite the Right.” They could call for the removal of Confederate monuments. But I doubt they will, because for now it appears that a kind of white identity politics is a key part of American politics and one that is aligned with Trump. A Trump condemnation of “Unite the Right” would be perceived as a victory for the multi-culturalists over those who are concerned about preserving white identity. I doubt they want to hand the multi-culturalists a victory.
Harry Enten contributed research.
Mr. van Zweden's guest appearances with the Philharmonic have produced exciting concerts. Critics at The New York Times have praised their “dynamic, all-out performance” of Mahler's First Symphony (at their debut in 2012) and their “visceral, bristling” account of Shostakovich's Symphony No. 8. When they led the orchestra this fall in Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 23 and Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, Zachary Woolfe wrote in The Times that “conducting this imaginative and playing this varied don't appear at Geffen Hall every week.”
While their vision for the Philharmonic is not yet clear, Mr. van Zweden is less associated with contemporary composers than Mr. Gilbert is, suggesting a possible shift of emphasis. Mr. Gilbert, who has led the orchestra since 2009, was praised for championing new pieces and making them central to their tenure, but drew criticism in some quarters for their work in Mozart, Beethoven and Brahms — the so-called standard repertory, of which Mr. van Zweden is known for delivering crackling performances.
But Mr. van Zweden said that they looked forward to playing more contemporary music at the Philharmonic, noting that in their days leading the Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra, they conducted world premieres every week or two. “It was a fantastic time, to work with composers who are still alive,” they said, adding that they enjoyed the ability to ask for their input on how pieces should be played. “It's a luxury I think we should treasure as conductors, because, you know, you cannot go back to Mahler or to Beethoven or Mozart.”
Last month they conducted the premiere of Magnus Lindberg's Second Violin Concerto with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, and next season they will lead the New York Philharmonic in the New York premiere of a viola concerto by the young composer Julia Adolphe.
Mr. van Zweden will become the Philharmonic's music director-designate in the 2017-18 season, and begin their five-year contract as music director in the 2018-19 season, which, if all goes according to plan, will be the Philharmonic's last in Geffen Hall before construction begins. (Mr. van Zweden will be released a year early from their contract in Dallas, which was to have ended in 2019; their final season there will be 2017-18.)
Defence cuts have 'hollowed out' armed forces and left navy cut to the bone, says Nato's outgoing deputy supreme commander
Restructuring the army is "one hell of a risk" that will weaken the armed forces, one of Britain's most senior generals has said.
General Sir Richard Shirreff said that the "jury is out still" on plans to cut troop numbers in the regular army and substitute them with reservists, saying if the idea is going to work "the nation needs to get behind" it.
Shirreff said defence cuts had "hollowed out" the armed forces, particularly the Royal Navy, which had been "cut to the bone" and left unable to take part in Nato's maritime operations.
Russia's takeover of Crimea meant it was imperative for the UK to protect its defence budget, they said, even if that meant other departments suffered.
The general, the army's third most senior officer, stepped down from their post as Nato's deputy supreme commander on Friday and will leave the army in August.
Their warning, given in an interview with the Sunday Times, comes days after MPs warned David Cameron against any further cuts to Britain's armed forces in the wake of Russian's annexation of Crimea.
The government intends to cut troop numbers in the regular army from 102,000 to 82,000 by 2020, while the newly renamed Army Reserve, formerly the Territorial Army, is expanded from 19,000 to 30,000.
Shirreff said those implementing the changes had "made a pretty good fist of a very difficult hand of cards", but added: "I wouldn't want to let anybody think that I think that Army 2020 is good news, it's not.
"The sort of defence cuts we have seen. … have really hollowed out the British armed forces and I think that people need to sit up and recognise that."
They told the newspaper their biggest concern was the impact of cuts on the navy, which have left it without an operational aircraft carrier until 2020 and a fleet of just 19 frigates and destroyers.
They said the navy's ability to participate in Nato naval maritime operations have been compromised, which affected how people think about the UK.
"A hollowed-out navy means you can't project power. I've heard this said in the Ministry of Defence: 'The yardstick by which we measure ourselves is our ability to punch above our weight'. You can't do that now. By that yardstick, therefore, we're failing."
Shirreff said the question of whether the army being more dependent on reservists would work or not has been left unanswered, but they said it was "one hell of a risk".
They said it would need a "complete shift in culture" and support from the wider public and employers if it was to succeed. "The nation needs to get behind this. It's not just the armed forces, this is everybody's business."
The general, who has been co-ordinating Nato's response to the crisis in Ukraine, warned of further aggression by the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.
Following Moscow's "armed illegal aggression", Russia had become a "strategic adversary" of Nato rather than a "strategic partner", they said, and they argued that the UK and other European nations needed to protect their defence budgets to deter Russia, even if it meant cuts to other Whitehall departments.
"We all support the efforts to get the deficit down, but it is all about priorities," they said. "What really matters? Well, the first duty of government is to protect the nation. Defence is really, really important. And the electorate need to understand there is no point in having hospitals and schools and welfare unless the country is safe."
The Commons defence committee said this week that the crisis in Ukraine underlined the continuing threat of state-on-state conflict, warning that Britain's national security depended upon its ability to maintain a credible deterrent against a full range threats from cyber-attack to a nuclear strike.
Further reductions in the size of the UK's conventional forces could call into question the effectiveness of the Trident nuclear deterrent, it said. An MoD spokesperson said: "The UK maintains some of the very finest and best equipped armed forces, underpinned by the world's fourth largest defence budget.
"With a restructured, more flexible and agile army and with £160bn planned on new equipment over the next decade we will ensure our armed forces retain their formidable range of cutting-edge capabilities and ability to project power across the globe, including by maintaining naval patrols in the Gulf, counter-piracy operations and a presence in the South Atlantic in addition to our nuclear deterrent.
"The Royal Navy is now operating the world's most capable air defence destroyers, the most advanced attack submarines and building its largest ever ships, the new aircraft carriers."
Godot Docs – master branch¶
Note Godot's documentation is available in various languages and versions. Expand the “Read the Docs” panel at the bottom of the sidebar to see the list.
Attention This is the documentation for the development (master) branch. Looking for the documentation of the current stable branch? Have a look here.
Welcome to the official documentation of Godot Engine, the free and open source community-driven 2D and 3D game engine! If you are new to this documentation, we recommend that you read the introduction page to get an overview of what this documentation has to offer.
The table of contents below and in the sidebar should let you easily access the documentation for your topic of interest. You can also use the search function in the top left corner.
Note Godot Engine is an open source project developed by a community of volunteers. The documentation team can always use your feedback and help to improve the tutorials and class reference. If you don't understand something, or cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, help us make the documentation better by letting us know! Submit an issue or pull request on the GitHub repository, help us translate the documentation into your language, or talk to us on either the #documentation channel on Discord, or the #godotengine-doc channel on irc.freenode.net!
The main documentation for the site is organized into the following sections:
ORLANDO, Fla. (June 21, 2016) – Orlando Pride has acquired an international roster spot, one for the remainder of the 2016 season and the 2017 and 2018 seasons, from the Western New York Flash in exchange for midfielder Lianne Sanderson, the Club announced today.
“Lianne approached us looking for a new opportunity and I am happy we were able to accommodate their request and come to a mutually-beneficial deal for the Pride, the Flash and, of course, Lianne,” said Pride Head Coach Tom Sermanni. “We want to thank Lianne for all they have contributed to the Club and the city of Orlando on and off the field, especially in light of recent events. Both personally and professionally I'd like to wish their great success in Rochester.”
Sanderson, 28, was selected No. 7 overall in the 2015 NWSL Expansion Draft. In eight appearances, Sanderson totaled two goals and an assist.
“I love this city; it is a special place. I want to thank the amazing fans for embracing me and who I am,” Sanderson said. “I am excited for what is ahead for me and I wish the team the best of luck for the future.”
Orlando hosts two matches at Camping World Stadium this week, first welcoming the Houston Dash at 7:30 p.m. ET on Thursday, June 23. The Pride will also host Portland Thorns FC at 5 p.m. ET on Sunday, June 26.
- - - Updated - - -
It is, totally. And the biggest problem is that most of the toxic members of the community who are aiding and abetting what CIG is doing, are the primary reason that CIG can never be held accountable for what they do/say.I am going to say it again. This project is. It's only a matter of time now before it all comes apart.The SM debacle is just another part of the fiasco. The module was already deprecated over a year ago. Now imagine you're a dev working on such a module, which now needs to be brought back because it's the only tangible release for the year, seeing as SC and SQ42 were already a bust. Now you have to make that old code, work with the new code. This is where we are. There is no plausible reason for SM to be brought back, even after croberts themselves went on the record saying that it was already in the PU.Remember yesterday when I said that the hardcore are using obfuscation to explain it all away, while covering for CIG? Yes, of course. It's part of why they're using fake GIFs to justify SM as in and working in the 2.6 build - when it's not.Then, once someone figured out how to hack it, they jumped on that bandwagon: "See? who says it doesn't exist?!"
Doom & Denver
Nate Denver
Slap
December 08, 2004
In every era and in every world, be it music, art, skating, or math, there are several individuals leading the way. They're the ones stepping out ahead of the pack and exploring the possibilities and raising the bar for everyone else. MF Doom has been a few steps ahead for several years now. Their debut album, Doomsday, is nothing short of genius and is in a category shared only by Madlib's Quasimoto album, The Unseen. Not surprisingly, Madlib and Doom are friends and recently collaborated on an album under the name Madvillain, on which Madlib handled the beats and Doom took care of the vocals. Doom's next release is their long awaited sophomore album, MM..Food. It is a masterpiece. From the cover art to the last song the entire thing is great. Boom.
Doom!
Yeah, yeah. What is up?
I'm calling from New Latveria. This is Apocalypse!
What's the word, man?
Welcome to your interview!
You're worse than me with it, kid.
How are you?
I'm chilling.
So do you have a spot in New York as well as Atlanta?
Yeah, definitely. I try to keep it popping like that.
Which one is the more powerful base?
Really, one without the other wouldn't work right. It's like both of them are connected. They both serve their purposes.
What were your favorite games when you were a kid?
Freeze tag was the illest shit. Used to play that until way late in the night! Freeze tag was dope.
Were you a fast runner?
I guess I was. Not nowadays, I got a little weight on me. You know, out of shape a little something, but yeah, back in the day I used to do my thing.
What if a pickup game of freeze tag started now?
Damn, I wouldn't want to be it. I wouldn't catch anybody.
Do you ever think of making beats for Del?
That's funny you mention that, somebody just said the same thing to me yesterday. That's my man, but we've never had a chance to do shit together.
Are you a good dresser?
I'd say mediocre. I try to fit in with the times; casual, I don't want to stand out too much. You won't catch me in a Sean Jean velour suit, though.
Do you get nervous when you talk to girls?
Yeah, to this day, still. That's why I don't even talk to them; I don't even attempt it.
You wait for them to come to you?
Yeah. That's if they do. That's a rare occasion.
Do you take the mask off or leave it on?
No, on. They wouldn't even talk to me if I didn't have the mask on! Forget it
Do you like Vikings?
The sports team or Vikings?
The Norsemen.
Vikings are cool. They're thorough, rugged dudes.
Would you rather be friends with a Viking or a genie?
A genie. That's the obvious, kid! I'd be like, "Make me a stack of $100,000 right now. Cash, all small bills" A genie? Forget it!
What would you want besides money, and you can slap the genie.
Word? I don't know if I'd want to do that He's a genie, they could turn me into a toad. So check it, I would say peace on Earth. That's the first one. Then I don't know. Peace on Earth, that about covers it.
Do you get scared?
Not really, the only thing to fear is fear itself. This would be a boring place; it's bad enough the way everything is with the war and all this shit going on. I figure just live, when it's your time to go it's time to go. Everything's a learning experience.
What's the most interesting thing about turtles?
The amphibious factor is always something that's dope. Being able to go from water to land type shit. The shell thing is fresh. But not only that, their life span is real dope, especially those big sea turtles. So that shit is kind of. turtles are ill. I would say the life span and their shell.
How does Metal Face work?
Metal Face is really my wife's company. MF Doom is a free agent like how I do now I'll do something for Stones Throw. I do this and that I'm not signed to no particular label and I'll pop up on Metal Face, but Metal Face is really for new artists or artists that made noise but didn't really get out fully. So my wife will be like, "I wanna put this out. Or, yo, we should fuck with that." I let them do all the choosing and then after that I take care of the production side.
What's your daily routing like?
Six o'clock wake up. I got my son, he's 10, and my nephew's eight They get me up. I make them their little breakfast or whatever, make sure they on time, make sure they on point By seven o'clock they're outta here on the bus. By then I really want to go back to sleep, but I'm already up so I'll throw a record on, or we got an X-Box in here and I'll fuck around with that for an hour or two. When nine o'clock comes around, I'll just review what I've got to do like emails, phone calls, unfortunately. But then after that it's just straight writing, especially now I'm just getting in the full swing of the Doom album. I'm like halfway through, maybe on the fifth song, so five more to do. I'm gonna knock out these five in the next 10 to 15 days, bang! And at the same time I'm working on the new KMD album.
What?!
Yeah, you know it's going on simultaneously. I'll be doing the Doom album and check the idea and have to stop and write that shit down and put it to the side.
So you're pretty methodical with a regimented schedule?
Oh yeah, definitely had to do it Everything started piling up. I'm like, "There must be a way to systematically break this down and get a set pattern so I can knock it out."
What's the KMD album going to be?
Of course there's gonna be a story line to it, in traditional KMD fashion, but I got different characters in it Zev is gonna be a part of it of course. The story takes place from where it left off at in the Black Bastards era. The album feels like that, the whole missing time question is answered on there.
What's been your favorite experience in hip-hop?
I'd have to say back when we went on tour with Kane and Third Bass, playing huge arenas, and of course my brother was alive then so we were causing trouble, just going crazy having fun. And when we'd come out to do our part on "Gas Face-it's a small verse, but when I come out on stage it was a famous song so people would be hyped. I'd be nervous until that one point To this day I get nervous until the point I have to walk out on stage. I'd walk out, do the verse and kill it! It was only like 30 seconds if that Then I'd bounce. That time was fun. Talk to Kane, see how their show was, get advice from those types of dudes. All those people were good back then. Tupac was on the road with Digital Underground at the time so I got to kick it with Pac, and they were a cool dude. This was before they came out with their first album or anything. Even when I'd see them after that after they got large, they always kept a thoroughly cool dude. It was a peaceful experience learning and everything. Nowadays hip-hop has changed. It needs to get back to that on the main level. Too much fucking drama, it's a musical art we're dealing with for one. It's art; it's a loving thing, a good vibe shit. How you gonna bring that shit killing people, it's absurd. Look at other genres-country, jazz-nobody is blasting each other in that shit That needs to stay out of the music. If you have a gangsta, be a gangsta. If you're an entertainer, be an entertainer. If you're a gangsta kid that wants to rock, keep the gangsta shit out of the rhyme. It doesn't belong there. It's corny.
The pro-Obamacare group Save My Care launched a digital ad campaign that targets key House and Senate Republicans who voted in favor of repealing the healthcare law.
The ads target three senators and seven House members in an attempt to tie them to votes for unpopular repeal efforts. The House passed a partial repeal and replace bill back in May and the Senate failed to pass a "skinny" repeal bill late last month.
"Poll after poll has shown abysmal support for repeal among the American people, with the latest Kaiser tracking poll showing seven in ten Americans (71 percent) want Republicans in Congress to work with Democrats to make improvements to the ACA, not repeal the law," the group said.
Of the three Republican senators targeted, two are up for re-election in 2018: Jeff Flake of Arizona and Dean Heller of Nevada. Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., is also targeted.
The House members targeted are Reps. Dave Brat of Virginia, John Faso of New York, Darrell Issa of California, Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, Pete Sessions of Texas, and David Valadao in California.
Issa narrowly won re-election in 2016. MacArthur revived the House bill by reaching a compromise with the conservative House Freedom Caucus to gain their support.
Faso is in a battleground district where they won re-election by roughly 8 percentage points.
KATHMANDU, Nepal — The Nepal government's Election Commission said Monday that LGBT and inter-sex Nepalis are able to register as “third gender” for the first time in the country's history, and will be able to campaign openly for legislative seats in the upcoming November 19 national elections.
According to the Nepali LGBTQI advocacy group Blue Diamond Society-based in Kathmandu, there are roughly half a million Nepalis who qualify as third gender in the Himalayan nation of 26.6 million people.
“We will implement gender balance and inclusiveness in our policy, and will take the necessary initiatives to create an environment for the third gender to participate in elections,” Election Commission spokesperson Bir Bahadur Rai said.
The election commission ran a massive campaign in September during voter registration to encourage transsexual and transgender voters to sign up under the new third gender designation.
But while major political forces have accepted sexual minorities, traditional Nepalese society has not accepted them, according to Purushottam Dahal, a political science professor at Nepal Sanskrit University and former editor of the national Rajdhani newspaper.
Article continues below
“Sexual minority candidates are not likely to affect the results if they run as independents. But if major political parties nominate them as election candidates, they will have a significant effect on the result,” Dahal told United Press International.
UPI reported that 12 transgender candidates have been announced for the country's 601-seat Constituent Assembly, in addition to 50 gay, lesbian and bisexual candidates.
The country's Supreme Court in December 2007 ordered that sexual minorities be guaranteed the same rights as other citizens, such as rights to employment and education.
This Story Filed Under
MELBOURNE forward Jesse Hogan is a chance to return for the club's blockbuster clash against Sydney at the MCG on Friday night.
In bad news, Christian Salem will be sidelined for up to a month after hurting their hamstring in the Demons' heart-stopping two-point win over West Coast in Perth.
However, co-captain Jack Viney is a confirmed starter for the game against the Swans despite being restricted by a shoulder complaint in the match against West Coast.
Hogan, 22, has not played since round seven after being diagnosed with testicular cancer and having surgery to remove the growth midway through May.
The powerful forward will be tested through the week, but Demons elite performance manager Dave Misson said Hogan would be given every opportunity to prove their fitness.
Match preview: Melbourne v Sydney
"Jesse's a sneaky chance this week. He's been going really well with their footy and conditioning work," Misson told melbournefc.com.au.
That Hogan has had a disjointed season – they were suspended for two matches and missed a game following the death of their father – has factored in to the club's conservative approach with their return to the field.
The healing of the wound from the surgery was another concern and the Demons have taken every step to ensure they are in the appropriate physical condition.
Misson said the club would take a vigilant approach with Salem's rehabilitation, given they missed nine weeks with a hamstring injury in 2015.
"Christian is probably going to miss three to four [matches]. It's not a serious hamstring, but it's something that we've got to be cautious with, because he's had a couple in the past," Misson said.
Garlett, who hurt their hamstring in the Demons' win over the Eagles and Watts, who missed the game with hamstring tightness, will be assessed throughout the week.
"Jeff's scan was actually really good. Clinically he's very good, so we'll just tick some boxes during the week, as to whether they play or not," Misson said.
"He (Watts) trained on Monday morning and they ticked the boxes that they needed to, so he's got some more things that he's got to get through during the week.
"It's probably a bit early to tell at this stage of the week, but we're hopeful."
Co-captain Nathan Jones (quadriceps) remains out for four to five weeks and Angus Brayshaw (concussion) has been listed as out indefinitely.
Defender Joel Smith, who has recovered from a shoulder injury that required surgery, will return via the VFL this weekend.
Melbourne injury list: round 15
Angus Brayshaw (concussion) – indefinite
Lochie Filipovic (hip) – 4 weeks
Colin Garland (knee) – season
Jeff Garlett (hamstring) – test
Jesse Hogan (testicular cancer) – test
Nathan Jones (quadriceps) – 4-5 weeks
Pat McKenna (hamstring) – 4-5 weeks
Christian Salem (hamstring) – 3-4 weeks
Joel Smith (shoulder) – available
Clayton Oliver high-fives Jack Trengove. Picture: AFL Photos
Christian Petracca watches on during a goalkicking comp. Picture: AFL Photos
Max Gawn offers encouragement during a goalkicking game. Picture: AFL Photos
Jeff Garlett chats with senior coach Simon Goodwin. Picture: AFL Photos
Tom Bugg and Neville Jetta share a laugh. Picture: AFL Photos
Dean Kent keeps their mind on the job. Picture: AFL Photos
Liam Hulett chats with Jesse Hogan at training. Picture: AFL Photos
The House's investigative committee voted Thursday to hold Hillary Clinton's chief tech staffer in contempt of Congress after Bryan Pagliano failed, for a second time, to show up and testify about the secret emails of their former boss.
Mrs. Clinton last year urged Mr. Pagliano to cooperate with investigations into their emails, but they have refused to talk to two congressional committees. They did speak to the FBI after being granted immunity.
The 19-15 committee vote Thursday is a recommendation, which now goes to the whole House.
If the contempt charge is approved, it likely would be up to the administration to pursue the case against Mr. Pagliano.
The situation would be uncomfortable for President Obama, who has gone out of their way to campaign for Mrs. Clinton, their former secretary of state, in their presidential bid.
“We are left with no choice” after Mr. Pagliano refused to show up for the second time this month, said House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz, Utah Republican.
Mr. Pagliano's attorneys have said they would appear behind closed doors to assert their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination. They said Mr. Pagliano didn't want the public attention — and damaging video footage — that would result if they appeared publicly.
Mr. Chaffetz said it was difficult to deal with Mr. Pagliano's phalanx of attorneys, who even refused to accept a subpoena on their behalf. Mr. Chaffetz ended up ordering the U.S. Marshals Service to serve the subpoena personally.
That irked Democrats, who said Republicans have orchestrated their entire email inquiry to embarrass Mrs. Clinton in the middle of their campaign.
“Where is our investigation of Donald Trump? Their potentially fraudulent business practices?” said Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the committee. “This is an abuse of authority and taxpayer dollars to inappropriately affect the presidential election.”
Mr. Pagliano's attorneys have said that if they did appear, they would assert their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination, just as they did for the congressional investigation into the Benghazi attack.
Mr. Cummings said given that, there is no public policy reason to have Mr. Pagliano make the assertion in person and that coercion would be an effort to harass Mr. Pagliano.
Mr. Chaffetz said Mr. Pagliano shouldn't have any fear of testifying because they have FBI immunity. Mr. Cummings, though, said the immunity is limited.
Republicans said the FBI has closed the case, so the only trouble Mr. Pagliano would face is if they lie to Congress.
Mrs. Clinton's secret email server and account, which they used to conduct government business during their time in the State Department, have spawned multiple investigations.
At a hearing this month, a former employee of the Clinton family and charitable foundation, who helped set up the server that handled Mrs. Clinton's emails, told Congress that Mr. Pagliano was the key figure responsible for maintaining the server.
Mr. Pagliano held a job at the State Department even while they helped Mrs. Clinton with their server, Republicans said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
They began to bend in the roaring wind, then their steel girders snapped like twigs, the towers toppled and the lights went out.
Minutes before the windstorm arrived to pummel the Washington area on June 29, it swept east through West Virginia, crushing three electrical transmission towers that are a tiny part of an intricate power grid that's supposed to keep the lights on in America.
The term “grid” suggests a certain uniformity to the power system's structure, but the network more closely resembles a patchwork quilt stitched together to cover a rapidly expanding nation.
The United States doesn't yet face the critical shortage of power that has left more than 600 million people in India without electricity this week
But the U.S. grid is aging and stretched to capacity. More often the victim of decrepitude than the forces of nature, it is beginning to falter. Experts fear failures that caused blackouts in New York, Boston and San Diego may become more common as the voracious demand for power continues to grow. They say it will take a multibillion-dollar investment to avoid them.
“I like to think of our grid much like a water system, and basically all of our pipes are at full pressure now,” said Otto J. Lynch, vice president of Wisconsin-based Power Line Systems, “and if one of our pipes bursts and we have to shut off that line, that just increases the pressure on our remaining pipes until another one bursts, and next thing you know, we're in a catastrophic run and we have to shut the whole water system down.”
India's blackout was a power generation problem: It is saddled with aging coal power plants and facing resistance to new nuclear plants. This week, several plants closed suddenly and the lights went out. Although the United States will need more power plants to meet the demands of a growing population, the most immediate threat is that the delivery system will continue to fail.
The huge steel towers whose power cables crisscross the country — and the transmission stations they feed — are the pipes of that system. It's not easy to store electricity for very long, and most of it is used within a second of being produced. At the push of a button, the grid routes power where it's needed, from state to state or region to region. It is supposed to sidestep bottlenecks or hiccups that might slow the flow.
Towers are designed to withstand winds far stronger than the almost 70 mph blasts that struck Ritchie County, W.Va. But three towers in a row running parallel to Route 50 north of Ellenboro collapsed, early victims of a storm that would devastate power delivery throughout the Mid-Atlantic.
“A fourth tower didn't come down but had to be removed because it was pulled off kilter,” said Todd Meyers, spokesperson for FirstEnergy, a power company that supplies electricity to five states, including Maryland. “I don't remember a time when this many came down. This is an unusual occurrence.”
Engineers are trying to figure out why the 40-year-old towers collapsed in a freak storm — whether through corrosion, foundation cracks or flying debris. But there have long been warnings that local systems, which began linking to one another in the 1920s, need an expensive overhaul.
“The aging of equipment explains some of the equipment failures that lead to intermittent failures in power quality and availability,” the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) said in a report this year. “The capacity of equipment explains why there are some bottlenecks in the grid that can also lead to brownouts and occasional blackouts.”
The ASCE calculated that an additional investment of $107 billion was needed by 2020 to keep the electrical infrastructure whole.
“Electricity was primarily a luxury when the majority of our grid was built 50, 60 years ago,” Lynch said. “Most people didn't require computers to do their jobs every day. They didn't need the Internet access. IPhones didn't need to be charged, and communication was all hard-wired, so you could still make a phone call when the electricity was out.”
Power customers in some parts of Manhattan experienced a brownout in July as Consolidated Edison reduced voltage to repair equipment and cut the systemwide load at the outset of a three-day heat wave.
Texas and Southern California are considered the most vulnerable this summer, but events have shown that a fuse blown almost anywhere can leave thousands of people in the dark.
A large part of downtown Boston and adjacent neighborhoods lost power in March when a connection between a power line and a transformer failed, shooting sparks that ignited mineral oil used as a cooling agent.
That led to a massive fire that consumed a substation, blacking out the financial and theater districts, emptying hotels and college dormitories, and shuttering restaurants, where food spoiled after two to three days without power.
The substation wreckage was too melted and twisted to determine why the connection failed. Two months later, while repairs were underway, the system short-circuited and shut down again.
“This was infrastructure that was not kept up,” said Glen E. Weisbrod, president of the Boston-based research group that helped produce the ASCE report. “There is no doubt that this is happening in cities all over. ”
Meg Mainzer-Cohen, who heads the Back Bay Association, remembers the first blackout as an economic disaster for businesses, which had to shut down for days.
“Back Bay went from a bustling, vibrant neighborhood into almost a ghost town,” they said. “The fire was in a place critical to the nervous system of the electrical grid. Now we're advocating to develop ways to work around those sorts of issues. It's really one of those penny-wise, pound-foolish investments not to make because the amount of revenues lost by businesses was astronomical.”
The grid's fragility was demonstrated by a dramatic collapse that pulled the plug on Southern California in September.
It began in the Arizona desert just outside Yuma, where workers at a utility switch yard tried to revive malfunctioning equipment that regulates voltage flow. But something went wrong. Worried about the costly damage that could result from a sudden surge in power, the workers had to take down the faulty regulator, and, as a result, a 500-kilovolt line stopped transmitting power.
That caused an overload throughout the region that tripped an automatic shutdown switch more than 200 miles away at a nuclear power plant on the California shoreline.
Eleven minutes after the Yuma mishap, the lights and air conditioning went out in the middle of a heat wave for several million people in a swath that stretched from north of San Diego into Mexico.
Schools closed, planes were grounded for hours, traffic lights went dark and gridlock followed. People were trapped on rides and in elevators at SeaWorld and Legoland. Pumps failed at water-treatment plants, flooding San Diego Bay with more than 2 million gallons of raw sewage and forcing beaches along the coast to close.
What an investigating commission later called a “cascading and uncontrolled” shutdown became the most extensive power outage in California history.
Federal regulators said it was the worst grid failure since 2003, when a similar series of failures shut down power for 50 million people from New York City north to Canada and as far west as Ohio.
Among the four main causes for the Northeast blackout that investigators listed six months later: The primary utility “did not recognize or understand the deteriorating condition of its system.”
The utilities walk a fine line between satisfying their customers and keeping their investors happy, with costly expenditures in infrastructure bound to hurt profitability unless public utility commissions allow rates to keep pace with investment.
Regulators in Texas recently asked people to cut back on electricity use, saying the state's power grid may have rolling blackouts this summer if there is a major heat wave or power generation drops.
Some of the private power companies have complained that Texans don't pay enough for their electricity to support investment in a new generation of plants. The public utility commission responded with a rate increase this spring.
Pepco, which provides power to 788,000 customers in the District and Maryland, has faced past criticism that it moved too slowly on infrastructure improvements. The widespread blackouts in the region after the June 29 windstorm led to renewed calls for burying power lines to make them invulnerable to falling trees and snapped power poles.
It would cost $5.8 billion to bury all of them in the District, according to an earlier report, an expense that Pepco said would add an average of $226 to the typical monthly bill over 10 years.
Failure to modernize the nation's power system will have a price tag.
“By 2020, the cost of service interruptions will be $71 billion, or, if you break that down to households, $565 over that period,” Andrew W. Herrmann, president of ASCE, said
James J. Hoecker, chairperson of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission during the Clinton administration, warned that without significant fresh investment, “we're headed for some serious financial and economic difficulties.”
“The investment gap that we're facing is a little scary,” they said. “In fact, it's a little more scary than the [ASCE] report indicates.”
The Italian cabinet has sacked the entire local government of the southern city of Reggio Calabria in order to prevent it from coming under the direct control of the local mafia.
Reggio Calabria's mayor, Demetrio Arena, and all 30 city councillors were dismissed under the provision announced on Tuesday in Rome by Anna Maria Cancellieri, the country's interior minister.
While smaller city administrations have been dissolved for similar reasons, Cancellieri said this was the first time the administration of a provincial capital had been dissolved.
The action was taken after inspectors from Rome determined that a number of councillors of the city, which has a population of 180,000 people, had ties to the 'Ndrangheta, the local version of the Sicilian mafia.
The 'Ndrangheta has overtaken Sicily's Cosa Nostra as Italy's most feared organised crime group. It makes most of its money from drug trafficking.
The move, which had been expected for months, means the city will be run by three government-appointed commissioners for 18 months until elections are held.
According to Bloomberg's, on Feb 10 the UN Security Council adopted a binding Russian resolution threatening economic and diplomatic sanctions against countries and individuals that help ISIS and other terrorist groups profit from trading oil, antiquities or hostages. As the US vetoes most Russian Security Council resolutions, this was an historic event.
The resolution requires governments to ensure that they aren't engaged in direct or indirect trade with ISIS and al-Qaeda-affiliated groups such as the al-Nusra Front in Syria. According to Bloomberg's, the resolution will significantly impact Turkey and Syria, which allow the purchase of oil from the militant group.
Facts the article omits are probably more significant than the omissions.
First Bloomberg's neglects to mention that the US initially opposed the resolution and spent three days frantically trying to counter and/or change the draft language. Presumably this relates to inconvenient truth that Israel is one of the main destinations of the smuggled oil.
Second it fails to comment on an extremely odd scenario in which the Assad government is purchasing smuggled oil from ISIS:
Thirdly it (deliberately?) leaves Israel and unnamed EU nations off the list of countries buying oil from ISIS.
The text of the resolution, which stops short of threatening the use of force, urges governments to share information on ISIS financing networks, bans exports of all antiquities from Syria and reiterates the call on countries to prevent ISIS from benefiting from political concessions or ransom payments made to secure the release of hostages.
It also requires countries to block aircraft, auto and truck traffic, including oil tankers, traveling to or from areas in Syria and Iraq where the extremist groups operate.
ISIS earns about $1 million a day from oil sales.
In addition, according to a recent BBC investigation, ISIS also receives substantial income from looting and smuggling of antiquities from Iraqi and Syrian historical and archaeological sites. The primary market for the stolen objects is Europe and the Gulf states. Ten-thousand-year-old artifacts can fetch as much as $1 million each. An Iraqi intelligence official told the Daily Mail that ISIS earned £23 million in early 2014 alone by selling 800 items stolen from the ancient city of Al-Nabk near Damascus.
In 2014, ISIS also brought in approximately $45 million in 2014 from kidnapping for ransom.
The resolution doesn't spell out specific penalties for countries found guilty of helping ISIS. It would require the Security Council to debate whether any violations have occurred and what punitive measures it would order. The resolution requires all 193 members of the UN to report within 120 days on measures they've taken to comply with it. The UN's existing al-Qaeda sanctions committee will monitor and report on any progress.
All in all, it looks like a pretty shrewd move by Russia. Obama now has 120 days to report back how they plan to sanction US allies Turkey and Israel – or face a UN Security Council resolution calling for sanctions on the US. While the US would surely veto such a resolution, it provides an excellent opportunity for Russia to embarrass Obama and Israel by exposing their financial and military ties to ISIS.
This past week, the US also backed a Russian resolution to the UN Security Council supporting the Minsk Ceasefire.
photo credit: Seniority via photopin (license)
Hundreds of cyclists will be riding nude on Saturday, June 14, 2014 for the annual Vancouver Naked Bike Ride.
No doubt the naked bike ride will catch a few Vancouverites off guard. If you're offended by the human body in all its glory, don't say we didn't warn you.
Body painting and performances will take place before the ride. A picnic following the ride will be hosted by NIFTY. The ride and all ride activities are free and are on rain or shine!
The event is a celebration of creativity, individuality, and at the same time a protest against car culture and oil spills.
Naked bike riding tips from their Facebook Page:
Prepare for riding rain or shine!
If it's sunny, put on sunscreen!
You do not have to be naked to join the ride.
Wear shoes!
If you're shy, we start the ride with some clothing on and then stop away from the crowds to get more bare!
Keep your clothes with you — you never know when you may need them (like… after the ride).
Decorate your bike! Come with signs and funky hats!
Cover your bike seat with fun fur!
Ride safely and stay together as a group.
Naked Bike Ride Vancouver 2014
When: Saturday, June 14, 2014
Where: Sunset Beach, Meet from 12 – 2 p.m.
Image: Youtube screen cap
HEY YOU! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content, contests, and perks.
DH Vancouver Staff Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to @DailyHiveVan @DailyHiveVancouver Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to [email protected]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Daniel Berehulak / Getty A London Tube train moves from the platform
Related Rush Hour Terror
On July 13, my westbound train on the Central Line of the London Underground subway system was pulling into Queensway station when it abruptly stopped. The driver's voice came over the intercom. The message was meant for the control room, but we passengers heard it too. "We have got one under," the driver squawked. "Send emergency crews immediately. They jumped. We have one under."
My memories of what followed unfold in a series of images. I remember filing to the front of the train and thinking how it felt like leaving the bus on a school trip. I remember putting my hand on the shoulder of the driver and saying "I'm sorry" as they gesticulated frantically at two platform colleagues. I remember glancing down under the driver's carriage and telling my girlfriend not to look, and noticing how reassuring the warm bodies of the passengers felt as we crowded into a packed elevator to leave the station. I remember a blur of fire trucks and ambulances (how did they get there so fast?), the screaming sirens and, later, a woman I recognized from my carriage pretending to browse a window of real estate ads as they wept.
There are plenty of ways to commit suicide, but few more public than turning a multiton moving train full of passengers into a bullet. Last year in the U.K., 194 people killed themselves on the tracks of mass-transit systems, with some 50 of those choosing the sooty tunnels of the Tube. New York City's subway averages 26 suicides a year. In Paris, 24 died on the tracks of the Métro last year. While it is a fallacy to imagine any suicide as a solitary act  even the tidiest affair leaves survivors stricken  death by train is a particularly declaratory form of killing oneself. It makes the act a form of theater  for the driver, watching it all from behind their windshield, and for the rest of us.
In the past months in Britain, there has been a sort of low-humming cultural unease about suicides on the Tube, which are readily announced over station intercoms as the reason for delays, presumably to allay fears of terrorism. A movie in general release, Three and Out, attempted to turn this unease into dark comedy by portraying a hapless Tube driver who tries to exploit a (fictional) loophole in their contract that grants them early retirement if they witness three suicides from their train. The film misjudged the nation's mood and was savaged by film critics, mental-health workers and the train drivers' union, whose members picketed outside the premiere of the movie. Their placards declared that suicides on the Tube were no laughing matter.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I must have remembered those picketers, because even in the daze of the moment my thoughts turned immediately to our driver. At the station before Queensway, Lancaster Gate, they had broken from protocol to announce to the pranksters holding up the doors not the scripted "Mind the closing doors" but the more personal "Please stop doing that or you will injure yourselves and end up in hospital." The statement had a slight "I-know-better" air, but it was also improvised, and showed concern for the passengers' well-being. I remembered this minor act of kindness as our driver addressed us on the intercom to announce the evacuation. They kept repeating, "This train is not going anywhere for some time. We have a man under the train, so the train is not going anywhere for some time." It became a sort of mantra: "I repeat: this train is not going anywhere for some time."
It seemed an odd thing to say, and at the time I didn't pay it much heed. But I keep thinking about it, how the driver's life at that moment became connected with the man under their wheels, how their roles even merged (it was the jumper, after all, who had stopped the train, not the driver) and how they might feel at that moment about this particular journey. This train is not going anywhere for some time; the psychological damage will linger.
I remain ambivalent about how to feel about the suicidal man themselves  the only one, after all, to be physically harmed in the affair. It's surprising how many people have counseled me to reserve sympathy. They may have been a criminal or murderer, they say, a Crime and Punishment type, driven by shame or distraction to impose self-justice and end their guilt. In the ongoing discussion in my head, however, I counter with an equally plausible circumstance: a young poet, troubled by the world, driven by shame or distraction to oblivion on the tracks.
To this my friends respond that people die from violent acts every day by no choice of their own; three years earlier, almost to the day, 39 commuters died in a terror strike in these very tunnels. Why suffer pain for one who wished such an end? I suppose the answer is that I have no choice. Human beings aren't wired to respond to distant suffering, but suffering this close was real and inescapable.
I'd like to tell you about what I saw under that train, about the image burned into my mind. I'd like to tell you I saw the pleading stare of a dying man; how, in an end-game of adrenaline and pain, their arms twitched and their eyes made clear that their desire for death had been betrayed by their body's instinct for survival. But to tell you I saw this would not be journalistically accurate, although true in the sense that I have seen this image repeatedly in my dreams. All I saw under the driver's carriage was a darkened space, a gap as black as a coffin.  With reporting by Camille Agon
It's just before 11 a.m. and several hundred people are already lined up outside the Sheltair Hangar at the airport in Lakeland, Fla.
They're here to see Donald Trump. And they don't care that the Republican presidential candidate isn't due for at least another four hours.
Viscella Graves got here at 7:30 a.m. and expected to be the first in line to see the man they say will save America.
"But there was this young fellow who came in from North Dakota. They got here at 3:30 a.m. this morning," they say, gesturing vaguely in the direction of the mass of people pressed against the still-padlocked gates outside the hangar. A huge crowd of Trump supporters lined up for hours to see the Republican nominee at the rally in Lakeland. (Chris Hall/CBC)
These are Trump's people. All but a handful are white. Most are middle-aged or older.
They don't give a fig about the news reports that Trump bragged a decade ago about forcing themselves on women without their consent.
They don't care that many of their statements have proven not to be true. Or that they didn't (doesn't?) pay taxes.
They don't care that what they say about Mexicans borders on being racist; what they care about is the border with Mexico. "Big time," as their candidate likes to say to punctuate a point.
"We got a lot of people here who don't have jobs right now. Illegal immigrants are taking a lot of the jobs," says Susan Chew, who came to the rally with their husband Tony.
Trump has tapped into the anger of white voters like the Chews who live in this part of Florida, along the Interstate 4 corridor that connects Tampa on the west coast and Daytona Beach on the east coast.
Critical swing state
Florida is a critical swing state in presidential elections with its 29 electoral college votes. If Trump is to win the election Nov 8, they have to win Florida. Only one Republican has won the White House without Florida in the last 100 years, and that was Coolidge way back in 1924.
But to win Florida, Trump has to win along I-4, where conservative-minded white voters now jostle with the unionized workforces of the theme parks near Orlando, and an influx of Puerto Ricans and other Spanish-speakers who don't seem to lean Republican like the Cuban refugees who came to Florida before them.
All together, these factors make Florida unpredictable and maddening, and an important stop this week for both Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton after their second and especially nasty debate on the weekend. U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton speaks to children at a youth centre in Miami on Tuesday. (Lucy Nicholson/Reuters)
Political science professor Susan MacManus of the University of South Florida in Tampa oversees the Sunshine State Survey, an in-depth poll of Floridians' attitudes.
They say Trump is expanding the number of registered white voters in the state.
"He's tapped into people who feel totally alienated and left behind by Washington," they say in an interview that will air this weekend on CBC Radio's The House.
"They are just so frustrated with the politics as usual that they see Trump as something totally different and they have circled around him."
'He's not a politician'
That's a commonly heard refrain in Lakeland.
"We just want all the corrupt politicians gone," Kurt Worlock says when asked why he's supporting Trump. "He's not an insider. He's not a politician."
And the people who have jammed the Lakeland airport aren't your ordinary political activists. It's still only noon and the place has taken on a carnival atmosphere. Hucksters are selling caps with Trump's slogan, "Make America Great Again," across the front. Shirts, mostly in red, white and blue, are selling briskly at $10 each.
"My most popular is one that reads, 'Hillary's Lies Matter,'" says a woman who won't give their name because they skipped out of work to make a few bucks. They think Trump, the business person, would understand.
There are monster trucks emblazoned with The Donald's likeness and "Trump 2016." And a guy wearing a flowing blond wig and the dark suit with red tie Trump favours. Both are popular with folks here who line up for photos. A 'Trump 2016' monster truck rolls up to the Republican presidential nominee's rally in Lakeland, Fla. (Chris Hall/CBC)
But the biggest draw is the woman dressed in a striped prison jumpsuit wearing a Hillary Clinton mask. It's in undeniably poor taste, but when Trump says one of their first acts as president will be to appoint a special prosecutor to put Clinton in jail, it's hardly a surprise.
Local Republican member of congress Dennis Ross takes the stage as Trump's warm-up act. These days he's one of a dwindling number of campaigning Republicans willing to be seen with Trump, let alone openly endorse him, after their views on women came to light last week.
"I was elected six years ago to bring change to Washington,'' Ross tells the crowd. "And I'll be damned if I'm going to surrender the White House to Hillary Clinton."
By now, the several thousand Trump supporters have been standing on the blazing tarmac for hours. When Trump's plane finally lands shortly after 3 p.m., the clouds have rolled in and it starts to drizzle. Trump's plane is greeted by cheering supporters as it arrives at the rally. (Reuters)
Their speech is mostly boilerplate. He'll renegotiate NAFTA. He'll bring jobs back to the U.S. He'll build that wall on the southern border and make Mexico pay for it.
But most of the speech is directed at Clinton. The mere mention of their refusal to hand over 33,000 emails to authorities investigating their private server prompts chants of "Lock them up!" Trump greets their cheering supporters as they arrive at a campaign rally in Lakeland, Fla. earlier this month. Florida is key if he's to win the election. (Mike Segar/Reuters)
Kurt Worlock and their wife Tammy say they like what they heard. Especially about Clinton.
"She's a crook. They should be in jail," Tammy says as their husband chuckles. "She called us deplorables. She's the one who's deplorable."
Kurt's been to a couple of Trump rallies. He's confident Trump will carry the I-4 vote and Florida with it. And that voters in this state will carry Trump all the way to the White House.
"I see the crowds everywhere for their rallies and I can't believe the polls are true."
Pollster Susan MacManus agrees this election is different from any before. They say reality show television has caught up with politics and appears to be changing some of its features, including the parties' bases.
"Everything is very soft, very pliable and so confusing," they say. "This is the election of uncertainties. But one thing I will say is, at the end of it all, this is not going to be a healing election for America."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Monte dei Paschi is the world's oldest bank
The Italian government will seek parliamentary approval to borrow up to €20bn (£17bn) to support its fragile banking sector and potentially rescue Monte dei Paschi di Siena.
The country's third-largest bank needs to raise €5bn in fresh capital by the end of the month.
If Monte dei Paschi cannot arrange a private sector bailout, a state rescue may come as early as this week.
It is saddled with bad loans and is deemed to be the weakest major EU bank.
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, whose government has only been in office for a week, is under pressure because private investors would suffer any losses under EU bailout rules.
They described the move as a "precautionary measure", adding: "We believe it is our duty to take this measure to protect savings. I hope all the political movements in parliament share this responsibility."
However, Italy's economy minister, Pier Carlo Padoan, stressed the funds would be used to ensure adequate liquidity in the banking system and support other struggling banks.
Officials have also said they were examining a scheme to compensate retail investors for any losses incurred.
Mr Gentiloni's predecessor, Matteo Renzi, resigned after losing a referendum on constitutional reform and was regularly accused of being too close to the banks.
The price of oil recovered a bit Monday after last week's drubbing.
Benchmark U.S. oil rose 75 cents to $83.98 per barrel in New York. It fell $7.63, or 8.4 percent, last week as gloomy economic data from the U.S., China and Europe raised questions about the strength of demand for oil and other energy-related products.
Monday's gains followed support by the German chancellor for a European banking union. That pushed the euro higher against the dollar. A decline in the dollar makes oil cheaper for holders of foreign currency.
Still, the fundamentals aren't in oil's corner. The pace of hiring has tailed off in the U.S. Growth in China and India is slowing. And Europe is struggling simply to keep its economic bearings as leaders are unable to find a solution to its debt crisis. That all points to weaker demand, at least in the short term.
In the U.S, the Commerce Department on Monday added to the disheartening economic news by reporting that U.S. factory orders fell 0.6 percent in April from March. It was the second straight month of declines. In addition, demand for products such as heavy machinery and computers dropped 2.1 percent.
The grim economic headlines diminish the positive impact of falling gasoline prices. The national average for a gallon of gasoline fell to $3.585 over the weekend, according to AAA, Wright Express and the Oil Price Information Service. Gas hadn't been below $3.60 since Feb. 22. It's down 35 cents from its peak on April 6, making a fill-up for a minivan about $7 cheaper. In Houston Monday, the average price was $3.441 a gallon.
Brent crude, which is U.S. to price a variety of crudes imported by U.S. refineries, rose 42 cents to $98.85 in London. Brent fell 7.8 percent last week.
Analyst Jim Ritterbusch said the signs of slower economic growth likely will lead to reduced forecasts for oil demand.
Most analysts don't expect the price of oil to rise much without clear signs about where the global economy is headed and, in particular, how Europe will resolve the massive crisis that has kept the region in turmoil for months.
“You've got this pale over the market that is just kind of hanging in,” said oil trader Stephen Schork.
In other trading Monday, natural gas prices rose on forecasts predicting hot weather across much of the mid-section of the U.S. Accuweather.com projected above-normal temperatures over the next two weeks from Maine to North Dakota and into the Southwest. Natural gas rose 8.9 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $2.415 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Heating oil was unchanged at $2.627 per gallon and gasoline futures rose 1.39 cent to $2.671 per gallon.
This article is by Colin Jacobs, the chair of Electronic Frontiers Australia. It first appeared on the EFA's site and is licensed under Creative Commons.
opinion The Internet freedom business is doing a roaring trade these days. Things started picking up early last year with Hillary Clinton's landmark speech, “Remarks on Internet Freedom,” which equated an open Internet with human rights and condemned state-sponsored censorship of the net.
Then came the revelations by Wikileaks, starting with the “Collateral Murder” video and escalating to the current batch of diplomatic cables. These leaks severely tested the commitment of governments around the world to the principles of free speech, but have provided an unprecedented lesson in the power of the net and journalism to act in the public interest. The people of the world have taken the lesson to heart.
The protests sweeping the Middle East have highlighted the importance of an open Internet even more starkly. For better or worse, revolution in the 21st century almost by definition includes Twitter, Facebook and the rest of the Internet's tools. They have proven more effective than a container-load of AK-47s could ever be, because they allow and promote an undeniable expression of the will of the people that robs the violence of repression of any legitimacy.
It's an exciting time for citizens everywhere. We are witnessing, and often participating in, movements that would have been impossible only a few years ago.
Amongst all of this our own government's response has been tepid, confused and contradictory. The response to Clinton's speech, as we have noted before, was cringeworthy in its brazen twisting of their words to support a pro-censorship agenda. The reaction to the Wikileaks developments should have been a principled stand on free speech and the rights of an Australian citizen, but turned into a posturing witch-hunt.
And today, Senator Conroy was asked about the crisis in Egypt, where a desperate government cut internet access in order to hinder protestors. The minister in response declared their undying love for an Internet free of government control and assured us that such a thing could never happen in Australia.
“… Australia's a vibrant democracy, where the government doesn't control the Internet …”
As blogger Michael Wyres notes here, the Minister has tied themselves up in knots before, attempting to identify with online freedom of speech while spending most of their time defending the opposite.
Barring a superhuman capacity for doublethink, it's impossible to reconcile this statement with the Government's stated policy of Internet censorship. A system that involves a secret, government-controlled blacklist of websites, even well-intentioned, definitely amounts to “government control of the Internet”.
If censoring and blocking isn't regulating or controlling the Internet, what is? No doubt, the Minister has no intention of censoring the web sites of protestors or anti-government activists, but they can't escape the fact that they are planning to put just such a tool into the hands of the government that succeeds his.
The double standard does not suit our leaders well. If the government wishes to place Australia on the wrong side of history by going down the path of Internet censorship, then have the courage to say so. Trying to do so while paying lip service to the ideals of free speech that censorship — by definition – contradicts, well, it's not fooling anybody.
Image credit: Armin Hanisch, royalty free
This is my last blog from the terminals of the US Bureau of Prisons. My sentence was for five years (1,825 days), and I earned all 235 days of my eligible good conduct credit, so my sentence officially ends at 1,590 days, which is Wednesday, July 9th.
On Thursday, July 10th, US Immigration picks me up and takes me to the private, for-profit GEO Group LaSalle Detention Facility in Jena, Louisiana, where I will be processed for deportation back to Canada.
JULY 11 update by Jodie Emery : Marc is NOT at LaSalle Detention Facility – they have been sent to TENSAS PARISH DETENTION CENTER in Louisiana. Their Alien # is 079-067-710 and we don't know how long they will be held there.
You can look up their Alien # at the Immigrations & Customs Enforcement website “detainee locator” page for information about where they are now: https://locator.ice.gov/odls/homePage.do
To send Marc letters, or books (ordered online; cannot be sent from an individual), please ship to:
Marc Emery #079067710
Tensas Parish Detention Centre
8606 Hwy 65
Waterproof, LA
71375
My understanding is that I'll be dropped off ultimately at the border in Windsor, Ontario; I'm thinking sometime between August 10 and August 25, but we have no way of knowing for sure. You'd think that would be a straightforward process, taking a few days at most, but LaSalle is a for-profit GEO Group detention center, and thus, they are making money for every day I am there.
And because the Canadian federal government is involved, these bureaucrats have a tendency to be slower than they ought to be. So I may need your help in providing motivation for them to repatriate me back to Canada on a more reasonable and timely schedule.
When former Canadian Conrad Black got out of Coleman federal Prison in Florida last year, they were driven straight to Miami, and able to go immediately to Toronto on a flight with their wife Barbra Amiel. That was extraordinarily, not the least of which is because Conrad Black is not even a Canadian citizen anymore, and it has never happened to any other Canadian in a US prison. No doubt their friendship with former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and others got them an instant express immigration approval back to Canada, but it shows a clear unfairness that a man who renounced their Canadian citizenship so they could be a Lord in the British House of Commons gets treatment far beyond what any actual Canadian citizen (like myself) currently receives from the Canadian government.
I get the no-connections-in-high-places, long, drawn-out, delayed route to an unceremonious drop-off – in Windsor, Ontario, at that, not even to my home in Vancouver. No cushy flight for me back to the airport of my choice alongside my wife, like Conrad! My point being, if they could get non-Canadian Conrad's paperwork ready in advance to get to Toronto immediately upon their US federal prison release, they could have mine ready too. Last I checked, I am still a Canadian citizen.
[July 11 update: The following information is not completely accurate because Marc is not at LaSalle; they are at Tensas Parish Detention Facility. Stay tuned for updates as they come in.]
At any rate, once I arrive at LaSalle I will be given an “alien number”, and Jodie will update this blog to indicate what my “A” number is. When you see my “A” number in this blog, I've been told that you can actually send me messages over the phone by calling this number: 318-992-7800. The receptionist, Marc Wright, will deliver written messages to me three times a day. I have unlimited phone usage there, but no email like I've had with the federal Bureau of Prisons' Corrlinks program. I buy phone cards and can call out without limits on phone time. It's not quite a prison, and I will be done my official US prison sentence, but I can't leave until they take me, so it's purgatory of a sort.
When I get my “A” number, I am also assigned my deportation officer. I will fill out my temporary passport information, have my photo taken. I'll fill out my forms, and my deportation officer fills in their part, and forwards it to the Canadian Consul in Dallas, Texas, a fellow by the name of David Martinez. Once I am at LaSalle, Jodie will post that phone number here.
All of the communication between LaSalle and the Canadian Consul in Dallas (who liaisons to their boss in Ottawa) is done electronically, so ought to be done quickly – that is, within days. But I am certain that perfidious actors in Ottawa could choose to be deliberately slow, lazy or obstructive, simply because it's me, and the Harper government is hardly eager to have me back in Canada. That is where my many supporters can influence events, should this procedure get unduly tardy; I may need all of you to call one of those three locations, or all three locations, for several hours a day, urging an end to any questionable delays if they should happen. But we will see. Just be ready to help if you are so inclined!
Once the government paperwork is completed, and my temporary passport is done, the INS people at LaSalle merely need to book my flight, then take me to Alexandria, Louisiana and fly to me to Detroit, Michigan and escort me over the border point into Windsor, Ontario. However, many US-imprisoned Canadians have waited weeks for their flights to be booked, because the prisons make more money the longer we are there. But then again, let us be optimistic and hope that a big campaign to urge my speedy return will prove to be unnecessary.
At this facility, we don't get outside much, but I can buy items from the commissary daily. I can't take anything with me from Yazoo to LaSalle, but I will get a brief subscription to the NY Times while I am there, which I hope is four to six weeks at the most. My mailing address for letters will be posted in this space once I am there after July 10th. I'll need money immediately, and that can only be done with US credit cards (based on my previous experience in a private prison).
If you want to send me anything to help me get comfortable upon arrival and during my hopefully-short stay, you can use your credit card to send me $20 or $30 to help pay for my phone calls – I'll call you to thank you! – and buy food and clothes. Refer to my name and “A” number (when it gets posted once Jodie knows), and call 1-866-345-1884. I believe only US credit cards will work, but I hope Canadian credit cards will be okay too, because that's all Jodie has!
When I am finally to be placed on a plane in Alexandria, Louisiana, and flown to Detroit, I will be met by two US Marshalls, and then driven through the tunnel to the Windsor, Ontario Canadian Customs & Immigration office. I hope I will have enough advance notice to call Jodie and have their fly stand-by to Toronto from Vancouver, then get to Windsor to be there waiting for me. And if you live in the Windsor area, I hope to see you there also! (Follow Jodie on Twitter.com/JodieEmery for regular updates; that's where they post most often online.)
We will have an impromptu gathering somewhere Windsor after my arrival, and within twelve hours I will take the train or some transport to Toronto, where we will have another party at Vapor Central, and then I will give a talk the following evening there, too. Other venues for meeting people will surely be planned and announced, but everything will be done short-notice, so stay tuned for news alerts!
I will be seeing my siblings in London, Ontario and Newmarket, Ontario, buying some clothes and a pair of glasses, and doing interviews with media. After spending five days out there, I will return with Jodie to Vancouver, have a few public events and private parties, get settled in at work in our Cannabis Culture store, and marvel at all the changes in Vancouver – including hundreds of new buildings, 35 dispensaries, years of developments at Marc & Jodie Emery's Cannabis Culture store, and more.
I also haven't had a cell phone since a judge barred me from having one as part of my bizarre bail conditions in August 2005, so for the past nine years I have not owned a phone, and never had a smartphone. I have never texted in my life! It's all going to require some adjustment; I don't even have a currently valid email address anymore, and this Corrlinks account I use now will expire when my sentence ends on July 9th. Exciting changes ahead!
I want to close this final prison blog with a sincere Thank You to our supporters, who helped in so many ways during these long years of my incarceration. Jodie and I appreciate everything you've done for both us and the movement at large in my absence. I can't wait to get home to thank you all in person in the weeks and months ahead, and resume the unfinished battle to finish off marijuana prohibition with renewed vigor. I hope you'll be there with me!
Google's Maps event has just given us a much-requested feature: true offline map support. Android users can soon opt to download full maps for given areas (instead of just caching routes) without needing a cellular or WiFi connection. It's a big boon for those of us who have to travel abroad to unfamiliar cities, or just to areas where underground tunnels might cut off Internet access before GPS. Unfortunately, that's all that Google was willing to share: Android phones and tablets will only be getting the upgrade sometime "soon." Still, that's one less advantage for Nokia Drive, and one more hurdle to jump for Apple at WWDC next week.
Update: We just followed up with Peter Birch following the keynote regarding version compatibility for offline and 3D Maps, and were told that Google "has nothing to announce at this time," but will do so in the coming weeks. We prodded a bit to see if 2.x devices would be in the mix, and all we got was a non-confirming reply about an "assumption" that if Google Maps Navigation is supported, offline and 3D would be as well.
Relive the memories in our liveblog... right here!
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke speaks during a press conference on June 19, 2013 at the Federal Reserve Board Building in Washington, DC.
Photo by MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images
It's amusing to poke fun at Amtrak, but today's release of FOMC meeting minutes confirms that America's much-more-consequential central banks also have some odd procedures.
To wit:
The Committee expected that, with appropriate policy accommodation, economic growth would proceed at a moderate pace and result in a gradual decline in the unemployment rate toward levels consistent with its dual mandate. With economic activity and employment continuing to grow at a moderate pace despite tighter fiscal policy, and with global financial conditions less strained, members generally saw the downside risks to the outlook for the economy and the labor market as having diminished since the fall. Inflation was running below the Committee's longer-run objective, partly reflecting transitory influences, but longer-run inflation expectations were stable, and the Committee anticipated that inflation over the medium term would move closer to its 2 percent objective. […]
At the conclusion of its discussion, the Committee decided to continue adding policy accommodation by purchasing additional MBS at a pace of $40 billion per month and longer-term Treasury securities at a pace of $45 billion per month and to maintain its existing reinvestment policies. In addition, the Committee reaffirmed its intention to keep the target federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and retained its forward guidance that it anticipates that this exceptionally low range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6-1/2 percent, inflation between one and two years ahead is projected to be no more than a half percentage point above the Committee's 2 percent longer-run goal, and longer-term inflation expectations continue to be well anchored.
Now suppose a cab driver told you they were planning to turn the steering wheel to such-and-such a position and to keep their foot on the gas pedal until at least somesuch occurred. Then you ask them “so that'll get us to the hotel?” And they say “well, no, but over the long term it'll get us closer to the hotel.” That'd be a weird thing to say, right? If the destination is the hotel, the correct driving method is the one that you expect will get you to the hotel. Of course something bad might happen. Maybe there'll be a car wreck or some unexpected road work or less traffic than there normally is at this time of day and the driver will have to adjust their plans. But he's supposed to make plans that they expect will get you where you're going.
But the Fed doesn't think that way. They have a 2 percent target. Inflation is below the target. They have a plan for asset purchases and interest rates that they think will bring inflation closer to being on target in the medium term. Why not adopt a policy that they think will reach the target? Or if they're comfortable with policies that they expect will create inflation below 2 percent, why not say they're targeting 1.75 percent inflation? It's the great monetary puzzle of our time and I don't think anyone really understands what's happening.
I entered Clifton Mansion through the porch on which philanthropist and university founder Johns Hopkins might have watched a sunset.
Standing on this rebuilt veranda, I thought, "It's happened. Finally." The Clifton that was endangered by decades of hard use, then outright neglect, lives again.
This Northeast Baltimore landmark, a home Hopkins constructed in 1852 around Battle of Baltimore defender Henry Thompson's residence, is again the magnificent summer retreat it once was.
It's been quite a saga, starting from the days when Clifton was a proposed location for the Johns Hopkins University. The university never did move here, and the city purchased it 1895 for a park.
In 1916, Baltimore's first public golf course opened on the property's lawns and walks, and the mansion became its clubhouse. Victorian parlors were ripped apart for locker rooms and showers.
Clifton was a pathetic, battered relic by the 1990s. Its sheer size was daunting. Dwindling recreation and park budgets could never keep up with what was needed.
It was saved by Civic Works, the nonprofit whose mission statement says it "strengthens Baltimore's communities through education, skills development and community service."
Civic Works began leasing Clifton from the city in 1993. The group needed a headquarters, and the mansion's many rooms — including bedrooms and an upstairs billiard room — fit the bill. The first-floor dining room, ballroom and parlors were set aside for careful restoration. This is the kind of place where the stair hall has its own Bay of Naples mural.
Back in 1852, Hopkins directed that their home be painted and decorated in a flamboyant style, its main rooms and halls colored in dramatic hues and intricate patterns. During the clubhouse years, these painted surfaces were covered over, but during the restoration, conservators used raw cotton swabs to reveal the original patterns.
Find out the latest news in Baltimore commercial development.
"There are not many surviving Italianate villas of the type that Clifton is," said Matthew Mosca, a paint consultant. "They sat on the edges of cities and, as cities grew, they tended to be torn down.
"The Clifton dining room is spectacular," Mosca said. "I don't know of another example like it."
Over the past three years of restoration and renovation, Clifton has been worked over thoroughly. Prior damage was such that some of the floors had to be reinforced with steel. Termites were also an issue.
Some improvements mix historical restoration with modern amenities. The mansion now has an elevator, geothermal wells, 14 heat pumps, a sprinkler system and new wiring.
In all, the price has been $7 million, raised through donations, foundation grants, state and federal tax credits.
The first of this season's monthly Saturday guided tours is scheduled for 10 a.m. March 19. It's an opportunity for visitors to take in the glories lost for more than a century. The tour will reveal a home where the structure and mechanical systems are in fine order.
Some fancy rooms, while clean and orderly, still await painstaking restoration at the hands of painting curators. That could cost another $2 million. But the work already done is a testament to those devoted to saving this mansion.
"Clifton is off the question mark list," said Johns Hopkins, a member of the Hopkins family who is director of Baltimore Heritage, a preservation organization. "Now it's a question of how good can we make it."
Already, Clifton is quietly inviting guests for private functions.
"We are having a June wedding here," said John Ciekot, special projects director for the Clifton Mansion Legacy. "A bold, artistically minded Lauraville couple have selected us. They are going to have a New Orleans-style marching band."
Ciekot said rental proceeds will be used for ongoing maintenance.
"Clifton is subject to every issue that any homeowner would have," they said.
Looking to the future, Ciekot sees other nearby preservation challenges — a gardener's cottage that needs work, the valve house that connects to an old reservoir, and the Clifton Park band shell.
They see the entire park — Erdman Avenue to Sinclair Lane — as a focal point for the Coldstream-Homestead-Montebello, Mayfield, Darley Park, Belair Edison and South Clifton Park communities.
They hope residents in those enclaves see it the same way.
"There's a reciprocal relationship between a park on the rise and communities on the rise," they said.
jacques.kelly@baltsun.com
Four hundred and twelve people, including 56 doctors, have been arrested in “the largest ever health care fraud enforcement action,” Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price announced Thursday.
“This is the 8th year of the health care fraud takedown,” Sessions told reporters assembled at the main DOJ building in Washington, DC.
The main focus of the investigation was false billings to medicaid and other government health offerings totaling an estimated $1.3 Billion in fraudulent profits for the criminals. “As a result of this operation, 295 health care providers are now in the process of being suspended or banned from participation in federal health programs,” Sessions explained.
One hundred and twenty of the defendants, including doctors, however, are charged with improperly distributing the opioid painkillers fueling a demographically significant addiction and overdose epidemic across the country. ” This problem is compounded by the fact that our country is in the midst of the deadliest drug crisis in our nation's history, causing more deaths than you have ever seen in our nation. ” Sessions said.
The attorney general then went on to list the biggest successes in streaming the diversion of illegal pills to the black market:
One group of defendants-including six doctors-are alleged to have operated a scheme in Michigan to prescribe patients with unnecessary opioids, some of which ended up for sale on the street. These defendants allegedly billed Medicare for $164 million in false and fraudulent claims. One fake rehab facility for drug addicts in Palm Beach is alleged to have recruited addicts with gift cards, visits to strip clubs, and even drugs-enabling the company to bill for over $58 million in false treatments and tests. Another illegal clinic in Houston allegedly gave out prescriptions for cash. Just one doctor at this clinic allegedly gave out 12,000 opioid prescriptions for over 2 million illegal painkiller doses. These defendants have been charged and they will face justice.
Price explained to reporters the perniciousness of health care fraud in America, an often overlooked sector of the American criminal underground:
Heath care fraud is a crime that deserves special condemnation and requires special cooperation to combat. Not only does it involve stealing billions of taxpayer dollars from American seniors and the medically needy, but it also undermines the American people's trust in our most important institutions.
Price went on to point out that this crackdown did not solely or even primarily involve healthcare professionals. “You might think operations like this arrest mostly doctors. In some cases, they do, but that is not the case for the majority. It is not even close, ” they said.
Price also praised President Donald Trump for their budget request calling for $70 billion in fraud enforcement funds:
It is our generation's challenge to keep the promises of these programs and to protect them for our children and grandchildren. This requires relentlessly pursuing anyone involved in defrauding our nation's health care programs. Someone who instantly understands the importance of caving and strengthening medicare and medicaid for future generations is President Donald Trump.
The Department of Justice set up a website for the release of further documentation pertaining to the operation, which spread across 41 participating federal districts across the country.
So you're at the top of your game- a horde of loyal soldiers at your back, countless planets under your control, and immortality nearly within reach.
Or, I don't know, maybe you have some kind of normal people job, and things are just going mostly okay.
This sandwich tastes like existential crisis. Image:http://goo.gl/1QolUn
Either way, you're secure in the fact that things are going to turn out okay. You're in control, you're in your element. Life is looking like something that actually makes sense for once.
Not a high power level in sight. I think I might retire here. Image:http://goo.gl/qaAG35
But then it happens- you're betrayed by some henchman, or some do-gooder comes along making grand speeches about how you've oppressed this planet for far too long, or how they're going to stop you in the name of truth or justice or some such.
And usually, this situation is adorable and amusing. Image:http://goo.gl/tVyBGx
Or maybe you like…lost an important fax? Is that a thing that people still do? Is that a thing people ever did?
Ahh, that clears it up. Image:http://goo.gl/8lJVP5
It's not like you haven't dealt with a situation like this before. You wouldn't be where you are today if you hadn't been able to tackle adversity head-on. So, you take a step back, focus up, and get ready to fix the problem the way you always have.
You know, with finger-based energy weapons. Image:http://goo.gl/hI5j4S
But that's when it happens- your usual solution falls flat on its face. This problem is a little too big for the routine approach. It requires your full attention.
No biggie, just step out of the hovercar and strike an intimidating pose. Image:http://goo.gl/uqzUc9
But as you start to struggle and work against the problem, you start to get a sinking feeling that even now, you may be in a bit over your head. Maybe Ron from the fax department gives you a call and reveals that all of your faxes have gone missing- now things are really getting out of hand.
Ron really has no idea what he's doing. He's here as a favor from their uncle, I think. Image:http://goo.gl/Jb50yz
Or maybe you realize it when you're actually fought to a standstill by a man whose race you've either killed or subjugated.
I assume it's a rather common situation. Image:http://goo.gl/T9x6ab
But just when you think you're beat, when Ron's incompetence has put you in a hole so deep you can't possibly climb out, or when the arrogant prince of the monkey people thinks they have your number, you just have to remember one simple thing:
This isn't even your final form.
There was a burly guy hiding inside you all along! Image:http://goo.gl/6EHQmX
A lesser individual might take being brought to a standstill against a problem that started out as insignificant as an opportunity to throw in the towel- but not you. You're ready for this possibility. You put on a second pot of coffee, sharpen your horns, and commandeer the entire fax wing of the office.
This metaphor is getting really muddled. Image:http://goo.gl/qhMOun
But just as you're hitting your stride, in walks another set of problems.
Ron's older sibling is a junior executive, and every bit as incompetent. Image:http://goo.gl/0xGdK9
Whatever, though. It's not as if you're out of strategies. You are, if nothing else, flexible. Because, as always, you only have to remember that you haven't even reached your final form.
Nothing says “in control of the situation” like a penis-shaped head. Image:http://goo.gl/61BJOU
But let's assume a worst-case scenario. Maybe you've finally come up against a challenge that pushes you to your very limits.
Such as forgetting this character design ever existed. Image:http://goo.gl/WX5m7k
The world's fax machines have been rendered useless by a very specific kind of electromagnetic storm. You're starting to realize that maybe, just maybe, there's no amount of graceful handling that will make this situation go away. And, to make matters worse, a spiky-haired idiot suddenly appears to make your life absolutely miserable.
Scourge of the despot, master of all martial arts, and father of the year. Image: http://goo.gl/5iOsU1
After all of this, after the world has proven on multiple occasions to be completely opposed to you succeeding, you decide that it's final time to reveal your final form. No more games- this is the real thing.
What if we just BECAME the fax machines? Image:https://goo.gl/raknIu
You pull out all the stops, use all of your hard years of experience, call in every favor, streamline every process, and get way shorter for some reason.
Possibly because concentrating all that power in a smaller space increases its…density? Is that a thing that power has? Image:http://goo.gl/tgajzA
There is nothing else you are capable of. You've reached every sensible limit, you've even surpassed what you'd usually consider an appropriate response to the situation.
It was a silly planet, anyways. Image:http://goo.gl/I7CU7J
And despite this, despite all of this, despite throwing in everything you are capable of, the problem mutates, on the spot, into something you simply cannot work through.
Dude, what happened to Ron? Image:http://goo.gl/smEAhO
And just like that, you realize you've lost. You, who cannot be beaten. You, who always had another trick up their sleeve. You, who has been doing this forever without ever really struggling. You've reached your final form, and yet the problem persists. It's over.
S. Korea, US to work together against outer space waste
By Kim Hyo-jin
Korea and the United States have agreed to jointly take measures against space debris in response to the rising risk of possible collisions with satellites.
Officials from both governments held their first annual talks on space policies at the U.S. State Department in Washington D.C. Thursday and shared concerns about the increasing space waste.
The agreement came days after a South Korea satellite barely avoided a collision with a piece of debris produced by the 2009 collision between an inactive Russian communications satellite and an active U.S. satellite.
“Securing stability in space is becoming more important as there is an increasing amount of space debris that can possibly collide with satellites,” said a foreign ministry official, adding that both nations shared the necessity of jointly responding to the issue.
During the talks, they discussed joint measures to raise “Space Situational Awareness.” This refers to the ability to view, understand and predict the physical location of natural and manmade objects in orbit around the Earth.
Both parties are expected to hold a second dialogue sometime next year.
Every once and a while, there's a quirky little story that pops up about people who attempt to live on bitcoin.
Crazy concept, right? Not everyone thinks so.
If you recall, PYMNTS interviewed a newlywed couple in June 2015 who spent their first 90 days of marriage living and traveling on bitcoin and bitcoin only. Their conclusion: Glad they did it but glad it was only 90 days.
Now, imagine taking that number and adding about 1,000 to it. And try thinking about what it would be like to live on bitcoin for 1,095 days (three years). Well, you don't have to imagine if you're Olaf Carlson-Wee, a 26-year-old who works for Coinbase, a bitcoin startup.
Because that's been their life since Feb. 2013 when they joined the company. Their story was chronicled in a Forbes piece yesterday (Jan. 7), which dug into the details of how this young bitcoin enthusiast kept up with their expenses, relying only on the digital currency they were putting so much stock in (both inside and out of work). Of course, it's a bit easier to get your paycheck in bitcoin when you work for a bitcoin startup.
But that didn't make living in the real world, outside of the digital currency-loving walls of that startup, any easier. And like the couple we interviewed last year about their life on bitcoin, it meant finding loopholes to cross off all expenses, since bitcoin isn't even close to mainstream adoption.
Still, Carlson-Wee stuck as true as they could to relying on bitcoin as their sole currency.
“It means that my ‘default' currency is bitcoin,” they told Forbes in an email interview. “Dollars, when I need them, must be proactively traded for. This means my path of the least resistance is to shop at merchants that accept bitcoin, to pay my rent in bitcoin and to store my wealth in bitcoin.”
And explaining the concept to friends and family wasn't an easy feat, particularly since 2013 was a time before bitcoin was getting as much buzz (good or bad) as it does today. They were paying in bitcoin before it was “cool” and before the public knew anything about the now-defunct, bitcoin-funded marketplace Silk Road or its now-imprisoned leader, Ross Ulbricht (AKA Dread Pirate Roberts).
But why bitcoin? (Besides the fact that their job revolved around it).
“I view bitcoin as the more democratic version of money and value transfer, because no one controls it … I expect the Internet to be around longer than any nation-state, so a nation-state-backed currency is actually less safe than an Internet currency in my mind,” they said in a phone interview.
Oh boy.
Buying online in bitcoin came easy, since sites like Overstock accept the currency. But for the expenses that had to be paid offline, that meant finding loopholes, like paying their roommate in bitcoin who would then pay rent in actual dollars. Or paying friends in bitcoin to pay a bill.
Talk about friction.
In theory, living on bitcoin isn't quite as easy if you aren't surrounded by likeminded people who believe in the digital currency as much as Carlson-Wee does.
More recently, however, Coinbase rolled out the Shift debit card, which makes it a lot easier to live in a world where bitcoin is not commonly accepted. The Shift card enables users to pay like any other debit card but then actually pulls bitcoin from a Coinbase account. Shift acts as the middleman and pays the merchants; the merchant never really knows about the bitcoin connection.
So, how has their mindset changed since 2013 when they began the journey?
“Now, my reasons for wanting to be paid in bitcoin are two-part. One half is speculative. I think the technology will get bigger, and the price of bitcoin will go up, so I'm speculating to increase my purchasing power. But I don't intend to sell the bitcoin. I intend to hold it until there's a day where I can just use bitcoin completely,” they told Forbes.
That will likely be a very long time.
He's also into bitcoin for one reason that's split the bitcoin community in half. The one half being the law-abiding citizens who look to bitcoin as an ideology that enables money to move without being controlled by the government (i.e, the security of money during a financial crisis). And then there's the other side of bitcoin that's given it a bad rap: the criminals who've benefited from the unregulated currency to live outside the law and away from the government's hand.
“I think people have realized that banking and fiat money are not as secure as they thought or that money or dollars in a bank account are abstractions and may not be as real. To me, bitcoin is more tangible. I understand how to control it, the inflation rate and how it was created,” Carlson-Wee said in the interview.
Fair point on the first point but the second? There are plenty of arguments against viewing bitcoin — a cryptocurrency — as anything tangible. Just look at the few hundred thousand bitcoins that went “missing” in the infamous Mt. Gox case.
In the interview, Carlson-Wee admits to the complexities that living on bitcoin add, like paying taxes, putting money away for savings or making investments. Those tasks get a little more complicated when the value of the currency changes frequently. Not to mention, one that goes from extreme lows to spikes, sometimes in a few weeks' time.
After all, living on bitcoin makes their net worth fluctuate much more than the average person.
“It's changed a lot. If you look at the bitcoin price from 2011 to now, that mimics my net worth in dollars,” they explained. “Getting paid in bitcoin, you have to be prepared for a roller coaster. I'm young, so I'm not worried about long-term savings, and I'm willing to take a lot of risk on something I believe in. It's not for everyone. If I had children and was paying a mortgage, it would be different.”
And that about sums up what living on bitcoin is really about: risk. If bitcoin takes off, it's going to pay off; on the flipside, it could drain their entire life savings.
Risky, indeed.
Bitcoin Tracker Week 104: The Top Bitcoin News Of The Week
Bitcoin's Latest Punch: The Mike Tyson Digital Wallet
Bitcoin has a way of finding itself in the middle of strange news, and its latest celebrity endorsement seems to follow suit perfectly.
That came with the announcement this week that Mike Tyson, the former professional boxer, would be rolling out the Mike Tyson Digital Wallet in connection with Bitcoin Direct.
In a release about the news, the company notes that this is the first celebrity-associated digital wallet and that it is aimed at bringing bitcoin mainstream. Not only will it enable buying and selling of bitcoin, but it allows users to get bitcoin at any bitcoin ATM around the world. The Mike Tyson Digital Wallet is now available for iOS and will soon launch for Android.
But this isn't the first time Tyson's name has shown up in a bitcoin story. A report in July showed that the former heavyweight boxing champion was getting into bitcoin by launching a bitcoin ATM.
And they did so in a very flashy manner, starting with the tagline on their site promoting the ATM: “Mike Tyson's fastest knockout in the ring was 30 seconds. The Mike Tyson bitcoin ATM can turn your cash into bitcoin in under 20 seconds.” Iron Mike's ATM, as it was coined, joined the Vegas Strip in August. The ATM was also rolled out in partnership with Bitcoin Direct.
The Fitbit Of Digital Currencies: Get Paid … By Walking?
With wearable fitness bands all the rage today, it's no wonder the bitcoin community wants a piece of the action.
And two entrepreneurs in Africa have found a way to do so with a new app that enables users to get paid just for walking. Yes, that's correct.
While people can actually only bank about $3 a day for doing so, this isn't a practical option for most in the U.S., but for emerging nations, like many in Africa, this concept could really take off. After all, there's plenty of people in villages living on just a few dollars a day already.
The free app, called Bitwalking, allows users to earn money just by walking and then puts digital currencies into their digital wallet. That money remains in the user's account until they want to transfer or cash out.
Inspired by Nelson Mandela, Bitwalking uses one of their sayings to promote its product: “Money won't create success; the freedom to make it will.”
Targeting the unbanked population that the company believes can benefit from such a concept, Bitwalking aims to help people make money simply by being active.
“A step is worth the same value for everyone — no matter who you are or where you are. What matters is how much you walk,” the company wrote on its website. “Most people are unable to generate and benefit from digital currencies, and large populations in the developing world are still left unbanked. We're inviting everyone to take the next step.” Cool concept, for sure, but what's not quite clear is how the company actually makes money (or even breaks).
Blockchain's First Investment Of 2016
The year 2016 has already brought out a major investment for the blockchain industry.
Gem, a blockchain platform provider, announced Wednesday (Jan. 6) that it secured a $7.1 million Series A funding round, which was led by Pelion Venture Partners and participated in by KEC Ventures, Blockchain Capital, Digital Currency Group and RRE Ventures, among others.
“We believe blockchain technology will transform how people and companies interact,” said Micah Winkelspecht, CEO and founder of Gem. “It will underpin entire industries and, one day, produce a blockchain economy that will form the underlying architecture of our daily lives.”
In the past few years, the investment community has warmed up to the blockchain and bitcoin ecosystems, which, according to a report by Magister Advisors, has received $1 billion in funding since 2013. Projections for the next couple years call for that number to increase by another $1 billion in 2017. But for 2016, Gem marks the first of its kind to make such a funding announcement.
Bitcoin's Price Jumps Above $450
While some industry projections peg that 2016 will be a better year for bitcoin, the digital currency sure stuck to its volatile reputation last week when it took a hard hit just after Christmas.
Following the holiday, bitcoin's price took a dive of roughly 10 percent, according to price trackers, which showed that it dipped as low as $411.16 on Dec. 26. That's a far dip from its December peak of $466.63 on Dec. 12. For the most part, bitcoin had been rising throughout December, giving hope that January would start out strong.
Now, bitcoin's price appears to not only be back up but in a pattern that suggests better days are here to stay. For most of 2016, bitcoin's price has been looking strong. It's been on the rise since the beginning of the new year and has been shooting up in the past week.
Thursday's (Jan. 7) price in mid-afternoon was already at $456.01.
Now, the real question: How long can that pattern stick?
Most available antidepressants are ineffective, and some may be unsafe, for children and teenagers with major depression, according to the most comprehensive comparison of commonly prescribed antidepressant drugs so far, published in The Lancet.
The findings indicate that out of 14 antidepressant drugs [1], only fluoxetine was more effective at relieving the symptoms of depression than placebo, whilst taking venlafaxine was linked with an increased risk of engaging in suicidal thoughts and attempts compared with placebo and five other antidepressants.
However, the true effectiveness and risk of serious harms such as suicidal thoughts and attempts remains unclear because of the small number and poor design of clinical trials assessing these antidepressants, and the selective reporting of findings in published trials and clinical study reports, caution the authors.
"The balance of risks and benefits of antidepressants for the treatment of major depression does not seem to offer a clear advantage in children and teenagers, with probably only the exception of fluoxetine. We recommend that children and adolescents taking antidepressants should be monitored closely, regardless of the antidepressant chosen, particularly at the beginning of treatment," explains co-author Professor Peng Xie from The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, China. [2]
"Without access to individual-level data it is difficult to get accurate effect estimates and we can't be completely confident about the accuracy of the information contained in published and unpublished trials. It has been widely argued that there needs to be a transformation of existing scientific culture to one where responsible data sharing should be the norm," says lead author Dr Andrea Cipriani at the University of Oxford in the UK. "Hundreds of thousands of people worldwide have agreed to participate in trials aiming to find better treatments for their disorders and, ultimately, help the progress of medical science. Patients' privacy must be guaranteed by adequate policies and technological measures, but delay in implementing responsible data sharing policies has negative consequences for medical research and patient outcomes, as demonstrated by this study. Access to raw clinical trial data provides the unique opportunity not only for validation and replication of results but also the in-depth study of specific factors that may affect treatment outcome at the individual patient level."[2]
Major depressive disorder is common in children and adolescents, affecting around 3% of children aged 6 to 12 years and about 6% of teenagers aged 13 to 18 years. Psychological treatments are recommended as the first-line treatment for depression in many clinical guidelines, and in 2004 the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) black box warning against the use of antidepressants in young people up to 24 years because of concern about increased risk of suicidality. However, use of antidepressants has slowly increased between 2005 and 2012. For example, the proportion of US children and teenagers (aged 0-19 years) taking antidepressants increased from 1.3% to 1.6%, and in the UK from 0.7% to 1.1% [3]. Sertraline is the most widely prescribed antidepressant in the USA and fluoxetine is the most common in the UK.
Cipriani and colleagues did a systematic review and network meta-analysis of all published and unpublished randomised trials comparing the effects of 14 antidepressants in young people with major depression up to the end of May 2015. They ranked antidepressants by efficacy (change in depressive symptoms and response to treatment), tolerability (discontinuation due to adverse events), acceptability (discontinuation due to any cause), and associated serious harms (ie, suicidal thoughts and attempts). They took into account the quality of included studies (Cochrane risk of bias) and also assessed the overall quality of the retrieved evidence (GRADE).
Analysis of 34 trials involving 5260 participants (average age 9 to 18 years) showed that the benefits outweighed the risks in terms of efficacy and tolerability only for fluoxetine (figure 3). Nortriptyline was less efficacious than seven other antidepressants and placebo. Imipramine, venlafaxine, and duloxetine had the worst profile of tolerability, leading to significantly more discontinuations than placebo. Venlafaxine was linked with an increased risk of engaging in suicidal thoughts or attempts compared with placebo and five other antidepressants (figure 4). The authors warn that due to the lack of reliable data, it was not possible to comprehensively assess the risk of suicidality for all drugs.
22 (65%) trials were funded by pharmaceutical companies. Ten (29%) trials were rated as high risk of bias, 20 (59%) as moderate, and four (12%) as low (appendix pages 18-21).
Overall quality of evidence for primary outcomes was rated as very low for most comparisons, which restricts the implications of the results for clinical practice (appendix pages 77-86).
Writing in a linked Comment, Dr Jon Jureidini at the University of Adelaide in Australia questions how many more suicidal events might have been revealed had individual patient-data been available. They point out, "[For example], in four trials of paroxetine versus placebo, only 13 (3%) of 413 events were reported in the paroxetine group; this seems implausible when individual patient-level data reanalysis of just one of those studies found ten events in only 93 patients given paroxetine (10.8%)."
They add, "The effect of misreporting is that antidepressants, possibly including fluoxetine, are likely to be more dangerous and less effective treatments than has been previously recognised, so there is little reason to think that any antidepressant is better than nothing for young people...Patients who take part in randomised controlled trials have a right to expect that maximum benefit will come from the data they generate. We doctors and researchers are failing to meet our obligation to research participants and to our patients, and we will only succeed if independent researchers such as Cipriani and colleagues are able to analyse individual patient-level data. Claims that appropriate access to such data is incompatible with intellectual property constraints and patient privacy must be strongly resisted."
###
NOTES TO EDITORS:
This study was funded by the National Basic Research Program of China (973 Program).
[1] Amitriptyline, citalopram, clomipramine, desipramine, duloxetine, escitalopram, fluoxetine, imipramine, mirtazapine, nefazodone, nortriptyline, paroxetine, sertraline, and venlafaxine.
[2] Quotes direct from authors and cannot be found in text of Article.
[3] http://www.europeanneuropsychopharmacology.com/article/S0924-977X(16)00037-7/abstract
NOTE: THE ABOVE LINKS ARE FOR JOURNALISTS ONLY; IF YOU WISH TO PROVIDE A LINK TO THIS PAPER FOR YOUR READERS, PLEASE USE THE FOLLOWING, WHICH WILL GO LIVE AT THE TIME THE EMBARGO LIFTS: http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(16)30385-3/abstract
Michigan's attorney general named a special prosecutor Monday to probe the contaminated water crisis in the city of Flint, to determine whether laws were broken during a months-long period when officials failed to notify residents of dangerous lead content in the city's drinking water.
The appointment comes as Gov. Rick Snyder scrambles to address the crisis, which was triggered in 2014 when the cash-strapped Flint government sought to save money by drawing water from a local river rather than nearby Detroit's water system.
It was later found that engineers did not properly treat the corrosive Flint River water to prevent lead leaching from old pipes. It was also learned that Flint residents were not informed about their tainted drinking water supply for a year and a half.
Current estimates to replace the city's water pipes run as high as $1.5 billion.
Attorney General Bill Schuette tapped former Wayne County assistant prosecutor Todd Flood to lead the probe, to avoid any potential conflict of interest between the Flint investigation and Schuette's role in defending the state against water-related lawsuits.
Schuette also identified Flood's lead investigator as former FBI agent Andy Arena, who once headed the bureau's Detroit field office.
Toxins decreasing
In a separate development Monday, the Detroit Free Press said independent environmental test results obtained by the newspaper show that the level of toxins in Flint's drinking water appears to be falling since the city switched back to Detroit's water system in October.
The report said eight percent of 853 water samples drawn from Flint homes between late September and January 15 exceeded safe levels for lead. It also quotes the scientist leading the independent study as saying the current numbers appear lower than those recorded in August, before the switch back to Detroit's water system.
But Virginia Tech university professor Marc Edwards said residents should continue using bottled water and filters until the crisis is resolved.
High-profile activists, political heat
The water crisis has spawned widespread anger and fear in Flint, a largely African-American city where 40 percent of the community's nearly 100,000 residents live in poverty.
It has also drawn sharp reactions from U.S. presidential candidates, with Democrats highly critical of the Republican governor's belated response to the crisis and Republicans lauding Snyder for their public apology to the city and their promise to make things right.
Civil rights activists have blasted the state for its slow response and for current conditions in the city. Last week, longtime civil rights leader Rev. Jesse Jackson called the city "a crime scene," while firebrand filmmaker Michael Moore described the situation in Flint as "a racial crisis."
Flint community leaders and concerned citizens are expected to pack a crisis meeting Tuesday led by Cornell Brooks, the president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, or NAACP.
If you've played games, you're undoubtedly used to controlling an avatar in a virtual world. No matter how immersed you become in a game world on the television screen, though, your mind stays firmly on the sofa, fully aware that your hands are holding a controller. Yet it turns out to be surprisingly easy to fool your brain into thinking it's somewhere else entirely. Two people from completely different backgrounds have both discovered that 'freeing your mind' simply requires a few leads and a camera - and that merging video games with real life can have profound effects.
Marc Owens' background is in craft. Their initial training was in manipulating metals, ceramics and plastics, but in 2006 they began an MA at the Royal College of Art in design products, a course that focused on how to approach functional items from unique perspectives. It was at this point that they became interested in objects that bridge the physical and virtual worlds, and for their 2008 project they hit on an idea that stood out as radical even among the cutting-edge work of their RCA colleagues.
Marc had always been a keen gamer, and they had a particular fondness for third-person games such as Grand Theft Auto and Max Payne. He'd also become interested in networked games like World of Warcraft and Second Life, and was especially fascinated by the way that people behaved in these worlds compared to how they behaved in real life. The phenomenon of 'griefers' as they were then often known (nowadays more commonly called 'trolls') interested him: what allowed people to behave in such an aggressive and disruptive way?
AVATAR MACHINE - MoMA from MARC OWENS on Vimeo.
It was at this point that they started wondering about how to recreate the game world in real life; what eventually became known as the 'Avatar Machine' initially started life as a critique of anti-social behaviour in games. The aim was to recreate the aesthetics and third-person perspective of games in a wearable costume to see whether users would replicate their virtual behaviour in the real world.
The machine started as a basic, unwieldy harness with a one metre pole sticking out behind. On the end of the pole was a camera linked to a head-mounted display, so the user could enjoy the odd sensation of staring at the back of their own head. Yet this initial prototype was disappointing. Marc wanted a 'head to toe' view, just like in a video game, but this was impossible with the narrow field of a regular camera, which could only show the subject's head and shoulders. To solve the problem, Marc came up with an ingenious solution - they pointed the camera away from the subject at a convex mirror, meaning the wearer could see the whole of their body. This was what Marc calls their "eureka moment".
The next step was to design the costume. Marc wanted to recreate the exaggerated build of characters in World of Warcraft, with big shoulders and hands, as well as sharp polygonal edges to indicate that the costume didn't quite belong in the real world. The finished version even gave the wearer manga-style spiky hair, and later Marc created a sword for that authentic video game feel.
Eventually it was time to try out the Avatar Machine on the public. Marc exhibited the machine as part of the designers in residence programme at the London Design Museum in 2009, and they watched with interest as attendees clipped themselves into the costume. At first they found that they would move very slowly and tentatively, as if they were exploring a body that wasn't their own. They describe it as almost as a 'rebirth' - the revelation of controlling a body from a distance that looked nothing like your own. They noticed that the wearers began testing the limits of their new body: one man set themselves the challenge of trying to climb some stairs, and succeeded - just. Gender stereotypes were very much in evidence, as most of the girls attempted to hug each other, whereas most of the boys tried fighting. It was a fascinating social experiment, but soon the Avatar Machine was packed away and sent further afield for exhibitions. It has since been exhibited in Norway, at London's Victoria and Albert Museum and the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
But the story of the Avatar Machine doesn't end there.
Unbeknownst to Marc, hundreds of miles away in Switzerland, Professor Olaf Blanke was creating an Avatar Machine of their own. As founding director of the Centre for Neuroprosthetics in Lausanne, Olaf has dedicated their career to investigating body perception and its relevance to self-consciousness: in other words, where we perceive our 'self' to be.
The Avatar Machine from the back. The pole-mounted camera is pointed at a circular concave mirror. Credit: Marc Owens.
Based on earlier research on neurological patients, they began a study in 2010 that, by sheer coincidence used almost the exact set up of the Avatar Machine, with a lightweight harness and a camera mounted on a 1-metre pole, connected to a head-mounted display. Both they and Marc independently came up with the solution of a backwards-facing camera pointed at a concave mirror in order to allow the subject to view their whole body. However, Olaf admits their version of the machine "didn't look as cool" as Marc's.
The idea for the experiment emerged from a real-life neurological phenomenon whereby people experience meeting their own double. "Some people experience visions of seeing an exact double in front of them at a distance of about two metres, often facing them," says Olaf. "When they raise their arm, the double does too." Other people see or feel their shadowy duplicates walking alongside them. Olaf aimed to recreate this uncanny experience in the laboratory in an attempt to learn more about the neurological process behind it.
They found that when people put on the head-mounted display and saw themselves from another perspective, they began to lose awareness of their own body. It was as if people wearing the avatar machine transferred their mind into the camera and perceived their body as if it really was in front of them - a true out-of-body experience.
Olaf aimed to quantify how 'real' the illusion was, and their data showed that the machine had an astonishing effect on perceptual and physiological functions. Bizarrely, they found that users' bodies cooled down when they perceived that their minds were somewhere other than their own body. They also found that they were less aware of pain: when a mildly painful stimulus was pressed against the users' skin they were able to tolerate higher levels of discomfort than when they weren't wearing the apparatus.
Olaf went on to develop their research further, this time linking up the head-mounted display to an avatar in a virtual environment, like a video game, in which users saw their virtual selves from a third-person perspective. This seemed like the natural next step: "Virtual reality is more freeing," says Olaf, "the only limitation is the programmer."
They developed a suit that would replicate the users' movements on the screen, as well as monitoring their brain functions. To cement the illusion, they would touch the subjects at the same time as their avatar was touched by a virtual object in the simulation. They found that users transferred body ownership to their avatar: if a threat was presented to their avatar in the virtual world, their real-life bodies showed a classic biological response to threat: that is, the skin conductance response, whereby the skin momentarily becomes a better conductor of electricity.
Fascinatingly, Olaf found that users were also able to 'adopt' a body that wasn't their own. Even if presented with a virtual avatar of a different size or gender, the subjects' minds were just as willing to transfer ownership to the virtual body as when presented with an avatar that resembled their real body. The same even held true if the subject was an adult and the avatar was a child. Interestingly, Olaf found that users even started behaving more like the virtual versions of themselves.
Olaf Blanke conducting an experiment in which a subject wears a suit that is linked to a virtual avatar.
Olaf explains that our brains are so tied in to perceiving the world through vision that it is relatively easy to 'trick' the mind into thinking that it is somewhere else; other stimuli, such as touch, serves to reinforce the illusion. But no matter how intense the experience is, our brains flick back to 'normal' as soon as the head-mounted display is removed, with no lasting effects.
Olaf thinks that the technology could have uses in medicine. Because the avatar machine numbs painful stimuli, it could be used for the treatment of chronic pain. It could also have applications in the rehabilitation of stroke victims or in the treatment of epilepsy. Sufferers of 'phantom limb' pain, whereby people with an amputated limb continue to feel pain as if the limb was still there, could also find their symptoms reduced in their virtual avatar, and Olaf is eager to put this hypothesis to the test.
They were intrigued to discover that Marc had created an almost identical set up to their own work through the background of video games rather than neuroscience, and he's quick to see the potential applications of the system in video gaming. "The dream is to be part of the game, and we have the technology to make that happen."
Marc also sees an exciting future for this kind of technology. They reckon that alternative reality (AR) will become mainstream sooner than we think through systems such as Google Glass. Both they and Olaf agree that we'll see increasing incidences whereby AR is used to make the real world into a game. Marc thinks that marketing teams will get there first: "Whereas we used to think that you could only power up in a game, soon you'll be able to 'power up' by eating a Subway sandwich."
And with costs tumbling all the time, the future may be here sooner than you think: Marc recalls that when they built their first Avatar Machine the head-mounted display cost over £1000, but now much better technology, such as Oculus Rift, can be bought for a few hundred pounds. Does this mean we'll see a reboot of the Avatar Machine in the near future? "Maybe," Marc responds cagily, "That's all I can say for now..."
Meanwhile, Olaf is even more ebullient about directions that this technology could take us in. "If you think about it, the idea of having just one body is a bit old fashioned. We should have the brain power: after all, we have two arms and two legs, and we can control them just fine. Why not have two bodies, or four, or even six?"
Some advocates are opposing a proposed community policing centre in Vancouver's Strathcona neighbourhood — Strathcona includes the Downtown Eastside.
The policing centre is in response to the opioid overdose crisis. The standard annual operating fund of such a centre is $108,200, and the Vancouver Police Department estimates an additional start-up cost of $100,000.
The B.C. Coroners Service reported 215 Vancouverites died of drug overdose deaths in 2016, and some call Vancouver's Downtown Eastside the epicentre of the crisis.
The Carnegie Community Action Project — an advocacy group — called the funding "shameful", declaring the Downtown Eastside the most "policed neighbourhood in [the] city."
Laura Shaver, president of the Vancouver Area Network of Drug Users, said the money could be allocated in more efficient ways.
"This money could go to organizations that are already in the Downtown Eastside equipped in doing these things, instead of building something new that actually would harm the drug users and make them hide instead of coming in somewhere safe to use," they said.
Could be a bridge
But Dan Jackson, a council member of the Strathcona Resident's Association, supports the centre. They said the association has requested a community policing centre for some time.
They disagreed the centre would force drug users underground.
"I think it plays a role in that it allows the community in which that crisis is happening in to have a voice and a mechanism to express their own safety concerns rather than just be an isolated problem within the drug-user community that they feel that they can address on their own."
With files from The Early Edition and On the Coast
To listen to the interview, click on the link labelled Strathcona Resident's Association supports proposed community policing centre and VANDU objects to proposed community policing centre in Strathcona
On February 27, North Korea launched four projectiles believed to be short-range ballistic missiles from Kitdaeryong in Anbyon, Kangwon province. This was followed by another missile launch several days later, when the reclusive country launched two additional projectiles from Wonsan region, almost hitting a Chinese commercial jet. The tests are most likely a protest against “Key Resolve” and “Foal Eagle,” U.S.-South Korea joint military exercises that began on February 24 and will continue until April 18.
This somewhat platitudinous juncture may once again trigger the question of what the family reunions and preceding interaction between the two Koreas were all about. If one considers only the act of launching the projectiles, it may seem to imply another setback for the stability of inter-Korean relations, possibly in contradiction to the mildly positive outlook of my previous article on the implications of family reunions.
However, foreign policy is analyzed not only by deeds but also by words. Especially in a one-man regime like North Korea, official utterances take on great significance. With that in mind, one could reach the surprising conclusion that this year North Korea may actually be trying to keep the missile issue out of inter-Korean relations. Look carefully into the statements made by North Korea concerning the launches, and you will find that North Korea is explicitly refraining from criticizing or even directly mentioning South Korea.
In the past, it has been customary for North Korea to include South Korea when criticizing the United States in its statements protesting joint military exercises. In 2011, for instance, Pyongyang delivered a “Statement by the Supreme Command” through its Korean Central Television (KCTV) condemning South Korea: “belligerent war-mongers of South Chosun's (South Korea's) puppet military authorities seek to make a mess out of the large-scale anti-republican war practice” and “if a single bullet drops in our inviolable territorial waters, airspace, and territory, the sea of fire will extend to the Blue House (Seoul), and burn the stronghold of the traitors to its extermination.”
This practice certainly continued last year. On March 26, 2013, when North Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a protest at the joint military exercise, it said, “this situation on the verge of a nuclear war has been aroused by provocative machinations by the U.S. and its South Chosun (South Korea) puppet regime to engage in a nuclear war.”
This year, however, offers a vivid contrast. Pyongyang seems to have dramatically shifted its position, refraining from mentioning, and sometimes even defending, its Southern neighbor, while focusing its ire on the United States. On March 5, 2014, North Korea warned the U.S. not to interfere with the missile launches, claiming that “it is showing its painful jealousy at the improvement and detente in inter-Korean relations by forcing the Key Resolve and Foal Eagle joint military exercises.”
Three days later, KCTV “interviewed” North Korean citizens who unanimously criticized the U.S. “I cannot understand what those fools in the U.S. have in mind, to be so opportunistic as to deliberately strain the current situation,” one of the interviewees said. “If we can drive those fools in the U.S. who are suffering war-mongering disease off the planet, our people would be able to live quietly and peacefully.” Although the reports would sometimes use the expression, “the United States and its followers,” which could possibly imply South Korea, the fact that there was no explicit mentioning of the “South Korean puppet regime” shows the extent to which Pyongyang has toned down in its rhetoric towards Seoul.
The most obvious explanation for this change of behavior can be found in this year's North Korean policy towards South Korea. Ever since its New Year's Address, which explicitly called for an improvement in inter-Korean relations, Pyongyang has been consistent in its request for both sides to tone down the rhetoric. South Korea initially rejected the request on the grounds that North Korea lacked sincerity, but it gave in on February 14 at the high-level meeting in exchange for the token of “sincerity” provided when North Korea agreed to hold the family reunions and possibly to hold further high-level dialogues.
However, “making” promises is one thing. The fact that North Korea is actually implementing its promise to refrain from slandering the South implies a whole new level of strategic implications. According to Dr. Mun Sung-Muk, research commissioner at the Korea Research Institute for Strategy, North Korea would not risk provoking South Korea because it does not want to lose the opportunity to have economic sanctions lifted, reopen tours of Mt. Geumgang and receive additional fertilizers and rice. With these economic interests at stake, Mun believes that North Korea specifically needs the high-level meetings (not the Red Cross meetings, which is limited to the regularization of family reunions) to resolve these issues. This may well be behind North Korea's “sincerity” in keeping its promise on the verbal attacks.
While excluding South Korea from its criticisms, North Korea seems to have doubled down on criticism of the United States. According to Dr. Young-Tae Chung, senior researcher at the Korea Institute for National Unification, North Korea is “demonstrating its strong focus on improving inter-Korean relations by denouncing a foreign power.”
Of course, this does not mean that missile launches will have no influence on inter-Korean relations whatsoever. In past years, launches have many times compelled South Korea to join the United States in delivering condemnations at the UN, and they have consistently fueled South Korean efforts to strengthen the Korea Air and Missile Defense (KAMD), with aims to deploy PAC-3 Anti-Ballistic Missiles by 2016. Still, this year's unprecedented silence on the subject of South Korea, even after the U.S. and South Korea jointly requested the UN Security Council to take action on March 5, is prompting some in South Korea to call for Seoul to continue to engage with North Korea.
Could this be that South Korean President Park Geun-Hye's “Trustpolitik” is working, or is North Korea merely driven by economic imperatives to approach South Korea on friendlier terms? One thing we can confirm is that Kim Jong-un, in the third year of their regime – which some experts call the “year of stability,” – has been seeking greater consistency with the South since the beginning of the year. Whatever they are hoping for may possibly be raised at the next high-level meeting, which, many believe, is what North Korea seeks.
Hyunmin Kang is a Ph.D. candidate at the Korea University Graduate School of International Studies.  They are also editor at the National Human Rights Commission of Korea, where they worked with international and North Korean teams on issues associated with the UNCOI Reports on North Korean Human Rights.
Image source: Getty Images
California State Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner is proposing legislation that would allow insurance companies to lower rates for drivers that cut back on drive time, which could come in effect as early as next year. Two kinks still need to be worked out. The first that drivers would have to prove that they are in fact driving less, either by supplying maintenance receipts or odometer readings. A GPS or other electronic device is not part of the program. The second: the program would be voluntary for insurance companies to adopt. Though some insurance companies already offer a similar program so it would be up to customers to encourage their provider to get on board.
Benefits include fewer cars on the road (obviously) so less traffic, fewer traffic accidents, less pollution and customers would save money both on gas and insurance. Environmental Defense Fund reports that if 1/3 of Californians join the program, it would save 55 million tons of CO2 by 2020, equal to removing 10 million cars from the road. In 2000, California had 23.4 million registered vehicles and drivers logged 280 billion miles annually. No word yet on whether this will be linked to improved public transit programs or other alternative driving campaigns. Poizner is a possible GOP candidate for the next California Governator in 2010.:KPBS::CA Air Resources Board
More on Reduced Car Insurance Rates
Slower, More Careful Drivers to Get Reduced Insurance Rates
Eco-Insurance in the UK
Travelers Insurance Offers Hybrid Discounts in 44 States
Farmers' HelpPoint Anti-Biking Ad Gets Slammed
An immigration detainee at the Theo Lacy Facility on March 14, 2017 in Orange, Calif. ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images
The damage inflicted by Hurricane Harvey and the harm looming in the Caribbean from Hurricane Irma prompted the Department of Homeland Security to cancel a series of nationwide raids targeting thousands of undocumented immigrants, NBC News reports. The series of raids were set to take place over five days beginning September 17th in what U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement was touting internally in an agency-wide memo as “the largest operation of its kind in the history of ICE.”
Here's more on the series of raids, dubbed “Operation Mega,” from NBC News:
ICE had been planning the operation internally since mid-August and had instructed officers in the field to target adults deemed to be gang members or perpetrators of serious crimes, said one of the officials. Other undocumented immigrants not suspected of crimes may have been swept up in the raids as “collateral,” the official said. Immigration agents often only arrest one-quarter to one-half of the target population due to the difficulty of locating individuals and getting them to open their doors to agents. Operation Mega would not have targeted juveniles, one of the officials said.
The ICE operation targeting 8,400 undocumented immigrants was called off after the NBC News story, published on Thursday, revealed the scheduled raids, according to the network. “While we generally do not comment on future potential law enforcement actions, operational plans are subject to change based on a variety of factors,” ICE spokesperson Sarah Rodriguez said in a statement Thursday. “Due to the current weather situation in Florida and other potentially impacted areas, along with the ongoing recovery in Texas, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) had already reviewed all upcoming operations and has adjusted accordingly. There is currently no coordinated nationwide operation planned at this time. The priority in the affected areas should remain focused on life-saving and life-sustaining activities.”
antibiotic resistance
Would you still eat that turkey burger if you knew it contained antibiotic resistant bacteria? Maybe not. But if you eat turkey, there's a good chance you are ingesting some of these potentially lethal “super bugs”. The same holds true for beef, chicken, and pork, according to a recent analysis from the Environmental Working Group.
The EWG analyzed tests recently released from the federal government, and what they found was that a great deal of American meat is contaminated with antibiotic-resistant bacteria. More specifically, the EWG found the following contamination levels:
81% of raw ground turkey
69% of pork chops
55% of raw ground beef
39% of raw chicken
With the vast majority of U.S.-made pharmaceuticals going into livestock production, how could this possibly be? It's because the superbugs are created in part by an overabundance of antibiotics. Sounds a little backwards, right? Well, bacteria are living things; they evolve and change to survive just like humans or animals do. And to this end, when something threatens them, they adjust to build defenses. This is how powerful bacteria become impervious to potent antibiotics.
MedicalNewsToday reports that 30 million pounds of antibiotics were sold in 2011. This marks an increase of 22% since 2005. And somewhere around 80% of those drugs went to meat production. As we pump more and more antibiotics into the food system, we will likely see a greater concentration, variety, and fallout of these superbugs.
The EWG says the source of the problem isn't being addressed. The cause of proliferation of illness and bacteria among livestock is largely the conditions in which we raise them. In other words, large scale feeding operations where cattle, chicken, and other livestock are forced to live on top of each other in their own filth certainly does nothing to encourage healthy animals.
“Congress should also fully fund the Conservation Stewardship Program, which encourages conservation activities on grassland, pastureland and rangeland. This program, run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, could be used to support ranchers who raise animals on pasture and employ practices that fortify health. For example, unlike operations that confine a large number of animals to a small area, rotational grazing allows animals access to open space. This practice improves herd health and reduces the risk of infection or sickness that would otherwise spread easily,” the Environmental Working Group reports.
Antibiotic resistant superbugs found in livestock can and will make their way into humans. One already has. Known as Pig MRSA, Methcillin-resistant Staphoylococcus aureus CC398 is no longer just for pigs. That having been said, if you knew your turkey burger was infected with a “superbug”, would you still eat it?
Until the issue is addressed, it's important to consider limiting meat consumption. Some farmers are doing their part by not only being independent from large-scale CAFO's, but also by replacing antibiotics with natural substances like cinnamon and oregano oil.
Additional Sources:
Winter be damned - there's a new vegan ice cream joint in Melbourne - and you need to try it.
Ms Bean in Box Hill Central is the newest addition to Melbourne's vegan scene and it's a game-changer.
Specialising in ice cream, soy drinks and organic sweet jelly tofu that's all vegan-friendly - Ms Bean offers ice cream with rotating dreamy flavours.
The ice cream is made from owner Cathy Han's secret recipes and is churned fresh on side in front of your eyes in a machine that was shipped from Italy.
With flavours including watermelon, decadent black sesame and bitter sweet chocolate on offer, you can grab a scoop or two - or if you can't decide why not take home a three-flavour family pack?
Ms Bean also do made-to-order soy drinks organic sweet jelly tofu if that's more your jam.
You can find Ms Bean at Box Hill Central on Main Street in Box Hill.
This is a list of the extreme points of the United Kingdom: the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location. Traditionally the extent of the island of Great Britain has stretched "from Land's End to John o' Groats" (that is, from the extreme southwest of England to the far northeast of Scotland).
This article does not include references to the Channel Islands because they are Crown dependencies, not constituent parts of the United Kingdom.
Out Stack Skaw Western Rocks St Agnes Soay Belleek Soay Lowe
-stoft
Lowestoft Ness Ben Nevis Holme
Fen Extreme points of the United Kingdom
Extreme points within the UK [ edit ]
In addition to the extreme points of the UK as a whole, the extreme points of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales and for the island of Great Britain are listed below.
Great Britain [ edit ]
Northernmost point – Dunnet Head at , known also as Easter Head, Caithness, Highland
Northernmost settlement – Skarfskerry, Caithness, Highland, Scotland at
Southernmost point – Lizard Point, Cornwall at
Southernmost settlement – Lizard, Cornwall, England at
Westernmost point – Corrachadh Mòr, Highland at
Westernmost settlement – Grigadale, Highland at
Easternmost point – Lowestoft Ness, Suffolk at
Easternmost settlement – Lowestoft, Suffolk at
England [ edit ]
English mainland [ edit ]
Northernmost point – Marshall Meadows Bay, Northumberland at
Northernmost settlement – Marshall Meadows, Northumberland at
Southernmost point – Lizard Point, Cornwall at
Southernmost settlement – Lizard, Cornwall at
Westernmost point – Dr Syntax's Head, Land's End, Cornwall at
Westernmost settlement – Sennen Cove, Cornwall at
Easternmost point – Lowestoft Ness, Suffolk at
Easternmost settlement – Lowestoft, Suffolk at
The distance between the southernmost point (Lizard Point) and the westernmost point (Land's End) is only 38.5 kilometers.
Northern Ireland [ edit ]
Including islands [ edit ]
Northern Irish mainland [ edit ]
Scotland [ edit ]
Scottish mainland [ edit ]
Wales [ edit ]
Welsh mainland [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Does the Government control and censor history? Does it hem in art that raises uncomfortable questions and seems to divide society?
Those were perhaps the two most controversial questions that arose during the debate on the budget of the Ministry of Culture, Community and Youth (MCCY).
Most of the debate, it must be said, was on less divisive issues, such as building national unity, sports facilities, youth programmes, volunteerism and other topics with more direct impact on most people's lives.
Still, the issue of strengthening national identity was central to how the ministry positioned its work, and that, too, was how Mr Low Thia Khiang (Aljunied GRC) positioned their question on history.
The Workers' Party chief said it was time to move away from "standard" or "official" representations of Singapore history because national identity can only be strengthened "if history is presented to encourage students to consider multiple perspectives and engage in critical thinking".
When it comes to religion, there is broad consensus on the need to respect different beliefs, values and practices. Building such a consensus has become a priority for many governments around the world, in an era of violence carried out in the name of religious extremism.
Doing so would also reduce students' and parents' perceptions of history as "government propaganda".
Minister Grace Fu rebutted Mr Low, saying the National Heritage Board is open, consultative and "takes an objective approach in its curation of history".
It invites visitors to examine different perspectives and engage in critical thinking, they said, "rather than impose a standard or official account of history, as Mr Low says".
The second question was raised by Nominated MP Kok Heng Leun, who represents the arts community.
During the main Budget debate last week, they called for a different model of funding for arts organisations that encourage experimentation, such as The Substation.
They made the point that the arts have intrinsic worth, and should not be viewed only in terms of the political purpose they serve.
And they quoted famed Chinese writer Lu Xun, who said politics and the arts must diverge because while politics seeks to maintain the status quo, it is in the nature of art to examine change, to pursue truth.
In their response yesterday, Ms Fu said there is now more space than before for arts expression and experimentation.
But there is still a need for "rules of engagement to safeguard the social harmony that we cherish".
They quoted famed American diplomat Henry Kissinger, who said that freedom and order are interdependent.
The Government's role is to drive progress while remaining in step with the populace and maintaining societal order, they said, adding: "It is only with social harmony that we can enjoy the peace and ultimately the freedom that comes with it."
Questions about different - and at times contradictory - interpretations of Singapore's history, and over arts funding for groups whose work is critical of the status quo and may be seen as sowing discord, will not be settled in brief parliamentary exchanges.
These are two areas that look set to remain contested.
Yet it is also striking that the word diversity cropped up so frequently during yesterday's debate on the budget of a ministry focused on the softer, less tangible aspects of development.
Dr Yaacob Ibrahim, speaking in their capacity as the Minister-in-charge of Muslim Affairs, said there was a need to address "a more diverse socio-religious landscape".
Muslims in Singapore, they said, have always been guided by principles of moderation, inclusiveness and respect for differences.
"Diversity is not new. And our Malay/Muslim community has been long used to diversity. We have been traditionally open and welcoming of diversity.
"Yes, it will be increasingly difficult to try and balance the competing views and interests, but let us instead instil - especially among our young - a sense of curiosity and appreciation of diversity," they said.
Nominated MP Kuik Shiao-Yin and Senior Minister of State (MCCY) Sim Ann also spoke of creating opportunities for young people to speak openly and honestly to one another about race and religion, so as to learn respect for different points of view and lessons in embracing diversity.
When it comes to religion, there is broad consensus on the need to respect different beliefs, values and practices.
Building such a consensus has become a priority for many governments around the world, in an era of violence carried out in the name of religious extremism.
But this embrace of diversity does not always extend to contested spaces of national history and arts criticism.
And yet, there is merit to Mr Kok's plea for the arts, which they expressed by quoting John F. Kennedy, that "if we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity".
Scottie Bangs dances during the 163rd St. Patrick's Day Parade in San Francisco on Saturday. (Gabriella Gamboa/SFBay)
Scottie Bangs dances during the 163rd St. Patrick's Day Parade in San Francisco on Saturday. (Gabriella Gamboa/SFBay)
CIVIC CENTER — Thousands of people glowed green with holiday spirit for the 163rd St. Patrick's Day Parade and Festival on a sunny San Francisco Saturday.
Photos by Gabriella Gamboa/SFBay
The culture, history and character of The City's Irish community marched down Market Street and into Civic Center, presented by United Irish Societies.
The procession venerated the Irish Workers of America and included representatives from unions like the Sheet Metal Workers' Local 104 and Theatrical Stage Employees Local 16. Participants marched down Market Street and into Civic Center.
United Irish Societies President Diarmuid Philpott said the parade was not only a celebration for the holiday, but a way to express the significance of family and friendship that help make the unions a close community:
“We want to make this event a great day for everyone, and this year was a success. I couldn't have asked for anything better. The sun is shining and everyone seems to be having a good time.”
The parade also included first-time participants the San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Pride Celebration Committee, who were welcomed by the United Irish Societies.
$\begingroup$
The underlying issue is something that is hinted at in JDH's answer, but not explicitly stated. So I'd like to state it.
The key is to decide what your homework is for. The big words are Formative and Summative. In short, formative assessment is designed to help you learn, summative assessment is designed to figure out what you've learnt.
The distinction is not clear-cut, and I'm no expert so I won't pretend to be. In truth, all assessment is a mixture since unless we know what we have learnt, how can we figure out how to learn it better? And if we don't use the assessment of what we've learnt to find out more, what was the point in measuring it?
Nevertheless, we can broadly assign assessment to one of the two classes by its primary use. I suspect that the majority opinion would be that homeworks are for formative assessment. We only grade them to encourage students to do them, reasoning that if we don't give the students credit for doing them then they won't choose to do so of their own free will (but note quid's comment on the question!).
Unfortunately, this sends out the wrong message. By counting them as part of the final grade, the students view the homeworks as summative: a measure of what they have learnt, and therefore view them as something to achieve rather than as something to reflect upon.
Also unfortunately, the default assumption on students' part seems to be that all assessment is summative. This is because the majority are not aware of these nuances, and are more aware of the occasions where they have undergone summative assessment rather than formative (the latter being, by its nature, less stressful and more subtle, and so less noticeable).
Therefore it is not enough to simply say "Do the homework for your own good". You will need to set up a culture of reflection. Here are some broad guidelines. Again, I'm not an expert and have not implemented (all of) these myself.
If you must include a homework part in the overall assessment, make the bar as low as possible. Essentially, if they try the homework they should get the credit. Use feedback from the homeworks in your teaching. Use the homeworks to find out what people found difficult and then go over that again in class time. Make it so that the students see the link between the information that they give you through the homeworks and the help that they get afterwards.
In my course, the rule is that they need 8 out of 12 homeworks "approved" to be able to take the final exam. Other than that, the homeworks don't count. Nevertheless, because we don't really do (2), a lot of students simply do the first 8 and then stop.
Green Arrow's LEGO Dimensions Figure is Bundled With the Starter Pack at Target Share:
Well, good news and bad news. You know that Green Arrow LEGO Dimensions figure that was only being given away at conventions? Well the good news is that details on how Aussies can get this figure have surfaced. The bad news is that you need to buy the Starter Pack to get one. The new Target catalogue starting this Wednesday shows that if you buy the LEGO Dimensions Starter Pack from them, you'll get the Green Arrow figure for free while stocks last.
So if you've already got the game this looks like a bit of a rough deal. It's possible that this isn't the only distribution we'll get over here, and we've reached out to Warner Bros' PR to see if this is the case. We'll let you know what we find out. UPDATE: Their response was “Currently the way to get your hands on the exclusive Green Arrow Figure is with the Starter Packs.” So there you have it. I'm going to hold out hope that there'll be more opportunities later on, but if not then a new starter pack is still much cheaper than looking for a Green Arrow on eBay…
LEGO Dimensions' social media pages have said previously that fans will have multiple opportunities to get this figure, and to keep an eye out for further announcements.
Like this: Like Loading...
Here's one wild reason to trade in your usual PB&J with the crusts cut off for, oh, a tin of beluga and some blinis this fall...
Jil Sander's fall 2012 menswear collection, hitting stores right now, featured one extraordinary accessory--an absurdly luxurious version of that grade school staple, the brown paper lunch bag. As W reports, the label has "taken the humble lunch bag and rendered it in leather, rolling out the edges and giving it a chic, folded-down makeover with a magnetic clasp." Does that make it worth...wait for it...$630!?
For those with, ahem, humbler tastes, there's also a $290 paper version. (Actually, it's coated paper, with metallic vents and a very prominent Jil Sander logo, naturally).
They're meant to be carried like clutches and stow more than just baggies of carrot sticks, but still. Are you as WTF over this as we are!? Discuss!
PLUS...
Photos: Mr. Porter; courtesy of style.com
Most of you have heard of "Conway's Law", the pithy observation that the structure of things that people build reflects the social structure of the people that build them. The extent to which there is coordination or cohesion in a system as a whole reflects the extent to which there is coordination or cohesion among the people that make the system. Interfaces between components made by different groups of people are the most fragile pieces. This division goes down to the inner life of programs, too; inside it's all just code, but when a program starts to interface with the outside world we start to see contracts, guarantees, types, documentation, fixed programming or binary interfaces, and indeed faults as well: how many bug reports end up in an accusation that team A was not using team B's API properly?
If you haven't heard of Conway's law before, well, welcome to the club. Inneresting, innit? And so thought I until now; a neat observation with explanatory power. But as aspiring engineers we should look at ways of using these laws to build systems that take advantage of their properties.
in praise of bundling
Most software projects depend on other projects. Using Conway's law, we can restate this to say that most people depend on things built by other people. The Chromium project, for example, depends on many different libraries produced by many different groups of people. But instead of requiring the user to install each of these dependencies, or even requiring the developer that works on Chrome to have them available when building Chrome, Chromium goes a step further and just includes its dependencies in its source repository. (The mechanism by which it does this isn't a direct inclusion, but since it specifies the version of all dependencies and hosts all code on Google-controlled servers, it might as well be.)
Downstream packagers like Fedora bemoan bundling, but they ignore the ways in which it can produce better software at lower cost.
One way bundling can improve software quality is by reducing the algorithmic complexity of product configurations, when expressed as a function of its code and of its dependencies. In Chromium, a project that bundles dependencies, the end product is guaranteed to work at all points in the development cycle because its dependency set is developed as a whole and thus uniquely specified. Any change to a dependency can be directly tested against the end product, and reverted if it causes regressions. This is only possible because dependencies have been pulled into the umbrella of "things the Chromium group is responsible for".
Some dependencies are automatically pulled into Chrome from their upstreams, like V8, and some aren't, like zlib. The difference is essentially social, not technical: the same organization controls V8 and Chrome and so can set the appropriate social expectations and even revert changes to upstream V8 as needed. Of course the goal of the project as a whole has technical components and technical considerations, but they can only be acted on to the extent they are socially reified: without a social organization of the zlib developers into the Chromium development team, Chromium has no business automatically importing zlib code, because the zlib developers aren't testing against Chromium when they make a release. Bundling zlib into Chromium lets the Chromium project buffer the technical artifacts of the zlib developers through the Chromium developers, thus transferring responsibility to Chromium developers as well.
Conway's law predicts that the interfaces between projects made by different groups of people are the gnarliest bits, and anyone that has ever had to maintain compatibility with a wide range of versions of upstream software has the scar tissue to prove it. The extent to which this pain is still present in Chromium is the extent to which Chromium, its dependencies, and the people that make them are not bound tightly enough. For example, making a change to V8 which results in a change to Blink unit tests is a three-step dance: first you commit a change to Blink giving Chromium a heads-up about new results being expected for the particular unit tests, then you commit your V8 change, then you commit a change to Blink marking the new test result as being the expected one. This process takes at least an hour of human interaction time, and about 4 hours of wall-clock time. This pain would go away if V8 were bundled directly into Chromium, as you could make the whole change at once.
forking considered fantastic
"Forking" sometimes gets a bad rap. Let's take the Chromium example again. Blink forked from WebKit a couple years ago, and things have been great in both projects since then. Before the split, the worst parts in WebKit were the abstraction layers that allowed Google and Apple to use the dependencies they wanted (V8 vs JSC, different process models models, some other things). These abstraction layers were the reified software artifacts of the social boundaries between Google and Apple engineers. Now that the social division is gone, the gnarly abstractions are gone too. Neither group of people has to consider whether the other will be OK with any particular change. This eliminates a heavy cognitive burden and allows both projects to move faster.
As a pedestrian counter-example, Guile uses the libltdl library to abstract over the dynamic loaders of different operating systems. (Already you are probably detecting the Conway's law keywords: uses, library, abstract, different.) For years this library has done the wrong thing while trying to do the right thing, ignoring .dylib 's but loading .so 's on Mac (or vice versa, I can't remember), not being able to specify soversion s for dependencies, throwing a stat party every time you load a library because it grovels around for completely vestigial .la files, et cetera. We sent some patches some time ago but the upstream project is completely unmaintained; the patches haven't been accepted, users build with whatever they have on their systems, and though we could try to take over upstream it's a huge asynchronous burden for something that should be simple. There is a whole zoo of concepts we don't need here and Guile would have done better to include libltdl into its source tree, or even to have forgone libltdl and just written our own thing.
Though there are costs to maintaining your own copy of what started as someone else's work, people who yammer on against forks usually fail to recognize their benefits. I think they don't realize that for a project to be technically cohesive, it needs to be socially cohesive as well; anything else is magical thinking.
not-invented-here-syndrome considered swell
Likewise there is an undercurrent of smarmy holier-than-thou moralism in some parts of the programming world. These armchair hackers want you to believe that you are a bad person if you write something new instead of building on what has already been written by someone else. This too is magical thinking that comes from believing in the fictional existence of a first-person plural, that there is one "we" of "humanity" that is making linear progress towards the singularity. Garbage. Conway's law tells you that things made by different people will have different paces, goals, constraints, and idiosyncracies, and the impedance mismatch between you and them can be a real cost.
Sometimes these same armchair hackers will shake their heads and say "yeah, project Y had so much hubris and ignorance that they didn't want to bother understanding what X project does, and they went and implemented their own thing and made all their own mistakes." To which I say, so what? First of all, who are you to judge how other people spend their time? You're not in their shoes and it doesn't affect you, at least not in the way it affects them. An armchair hacker rarely understands the nature of value in an organization (commercial or no). People learn more when they write code than when they use it or even when they read it. When your product has a problem, where will you find the ability to fix it? Will you file a helpless bug report or will you be able to fix it directly? Assuming your software dependencies model some part of your domain, are you sure that their models are adequate for your purpose, with the minimum of useless abstraction? If the answer is "well, I'm sure they know what they're doing" then if your organization survives a few years you are certain to run into difficulties here.
One example. Some old-school Mozilla folks still gripe at Google having gone and created an entirely new JavaScript engine, back in 2008. This is incredibly naïve! Google derives immense value from having JS engine expertise in-house and not having to coordinate with anyone else. This control also gives them power to affect the kinds of JavaScript that gets written and what goes into the standard. They would not have this control if they decided to build on SpiderMonkey, and if they had built on SM, they would have forked by now.
As a much more minor, insignificant, first-person example, I am an OK compiler hacker now. I don't consider myself an expert but I do all right. I got here by making a bunch of mistakes in Guile's compiler. Of course it helps if you get up to speed using other projects like V8 or what-not, but building an organization's value via implementation shouldn't be discounted out-of-hand.
Another point is that when you build on someone else's work, especially if you plan on continuing to have a relationship with them, you are agreeing up-front to a communications tax. For programmers this cost is magnified by the degree to which asynchronous communication disrupts flow. This isn't to say that programmers can't or shouldn't communicate, of course, but it's a cost even in the best case, and a cost that can be avoided by building your own.
When you depend on a project made by a distinct group of people, you will also experience churn or lag drag, depending on whether the dependency changes faster or slower than your project. Depending on LLVM, for example, means devoting part of your team's resources to keeping up with the pace of LLVM development. On the other hand, depending on something more slow-moving can make it more difficult to work with upstream to ensure that the dependency actually suits your use case. Again, both of these drag costs are magnified by the asynchrony of communicating with people that probably don't share your goals.
Finally, for projects that aim to ship to end users, depending on people outside your organization exposes you to risk. When a security-sensitive bug is reported on some library that you use deep in your web stack, who is responsible for fixing it? If you are responsible for the security of a user-facing project, there are definite advantages for knowing who is on the hook for fixing your bug, and knowing that their priorities are your priorities. Though many free software people consider security to be an argument against bundling, I think the track record of consumer browsers like Chrome and Firefox is an argument in favor of giving power to the team that ships the product. (Of course browsers are terrifying security-sensitive piles of steaming C++! But that choice was made already. What I assert here is that they do well at getting security fixes out to users in a timely fashion.)
to use a thing, join its people
I'm not arguing that you as a software developer should never use code written by other people. That is silly and I would appreciate if commenters would refrain from this argument :)
Let's say you have looked at the costs and the benefits and you have decided to, say, build a browser on Chromium. Or re-use pieces of Chromium for your own ends. There are real costs to doing this, but those costs depend on your relationship with the people involved. To minimize your costs, you must somehow join the community of people that make your dependency. By joining yourself to the people that make your dependency, Conway's law predicts that the quality of your product as a whole will improve: there will be fewer abstraction layers as your needs are taken into account to a greater degree, your pace will align with the dependency's pace, and colleagues at Google will review for you because you are reviewing for them. In the case of Opera, for example, I know that they are deeply involved in Blink development, contributing significantly to important areas of the browser that are also used by Chromium. We at Igalia do this too; our most successful customers are those who are able to work the most closely with upstream.
On the other hand, if you don't become part of the community of people that makes something you depend on, don't be surprised when things break and you are left holding both pieces. How many times have you heard someone complain the "project A removed an API I was using"? Maybe upstream didn't know you were using it. Maybe they knew about it, but you were not a user group they cared about; to them, you had no skin in the game.
Foundations that govern software projects are an anti-pattern in many ways, but they are sometimes necessary, born from the need for mutually competing organizations to collaborate on a single project. Sometimes the answer for how to be able to depend on technical work from others is to codify your social relationship.
hi haters
One note before opening the comment flood: I know. You can't control everything. You can't be responsible for everything. One way out of the mess is just to give up, cross your fingers, and hope for the best. Sure. Fine. But know that there is no magical first-person-plural; Conway's law will apply to you and the things you build. Know what you're actually getting when you depend on other peoples' work, and know what you are paying for it. One way or another, pay for it you must.
By Ken Ritter | Associated Press
LAS VEGAS — Restrictions placed by a federal judge on what defendants can say about being at Cliven Bundy's ranch in April 2014 are leading to tense moments in the Las Vegas retrial of four men accused of wielding assault-style weapons to stop federal agents from rounding up cattle belonging to the anti-government figure.
Chief U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro refused Monday to order a mistrial sought by the defense attorney for Eric Parker. Navarro had ordered Parker off the witness stand last week and told the jury to disregard their testimony.
Such a dramatic step involving a defendant in the presence of a jury is unusual and might draw scrutiny from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, said Robert Draskovich, a Las Vegas lawyer who said they had never heard of such a move in more than two decades practicing in federal courts. Draskovich is not involved in the Bundy case.
Outside the presence of the jury on Monday, Navarro said they hadn't wanted to order Parker to step down.
They told prosecutors, defense attorneys and a crowded court gallery that they thought Parker was trying to invite jury nullification of charges and deliberately “continuing to make a mockery” of court rulings they handed down before the retrial. Those rulings limited the scope of defense presentations to what the men saw and did, not what they felt or why they acted.
A jury in April found two co-defendants guilty of some charges, but it failed to reach verdicts for Parker, Scott Drexler, Steven Stewart and Richard Lovelien.
Bundy, their sons Ammon and Ryan, and two other defendants are due for trial later this year. Six others, including two other Bundy sons, are slated for trial next year.
Navarro ruled that defendants can't argue this time that they were acting in self-defense or in the defense of other protesters.
They can't say they were motivated to drive to southern Nevada from Idaho and Montana after hearing about scuffles involving unarmed Bundy family members and Bureau of Land Management agents using dogs and stun guns.
They can't refer to criticism by Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval of federal agents for creating what the Republican governor called an “atmosphere of intimidation” in the days before the standoff.
They can't point to so-called “First Amendment zone” corrals set up for protesters well away from the Bundy ranch; they can't cite claims of infringement on free-speech and Second Amendment rights; and they can't refer to the decades in prison they might face if they're convicted.
“Just because law enforcement is pointing a gun doesn't mean you get to point one back,” Navarro said Monday.
Parker was famously photographed during the April 2014 standoff flat on their stomach on the pavement of an Interstate 15 overpass, looking down an AK-47-style rifle toward heavily armed federal agents in a dry river bed below.
Drexler is seen in a similar photo, and images show Steven Stewart carrying an assault-style rifle, but not aiming it. Richard Lovelien also had a rifle, but their lawyer, Shawn Perez, said there is no photograph in evidence showing them pointing it at anyone.
Defense attorneys say their clients are being unfairly and unconstitutionally denied a chance to explain for jurors what they saw and heard and why they went to the Bundy ranch.
“We need to be able to defend ourselves, to rebut, to impeach against accusations,” Parker's attorney, Jess Marchese, protested during morning-long arguments held outside the presence of the jury now in a fourth week of testimony. “That's why we're here.”
Drexler was expected to take the stand in their defense, but Stewart and Lovelien said they won't do so.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Democratic presidential contender Bernie Sanders will roll out a series of environmental proposals to coincide with this month's United Nations climate-change conference in Paris that could also put pressure on party front-runner Hillary Clinton.
With a United States flag draped behind him, U.S. Democratic presidential candidate and U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders speaks during a campaign town hall meeting at Pinkerton Academy in Derry, New Hampshire October 30, 2015. REUTERS/Mary Schwalm
Sanders, a U.S. senator from Vermont, on Wednesday at a U.S. Capitol rally, backed a proposal to halt new leases for fossil fuel extraction on public lands alongside the bill's sponsor, fellow Democratic U.S. Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon.
Sanders said they would soon unveil legislation that would protect fossil fuel industry workers as the country transitions to renewable fuel sources. Aides told Reuters that would be the senator's next step in presenting a comprehensive climate plan.
“We are not going to let them fall by the wayside,” Sanders said of workers at the Wednesday event.
Leaders from nearly 190 countries are set to meet in Paris at the end of November to reach an agreement on curbing human-caused climate change.
Sanders, who calls themselves a democratic socialist, is Clinton's main rival for the party's presidential nomination for the November 2016 election. Their stances on the environment, trade and more have pressured Clinton to move to the left.
Still, polls have shown that Clinton, the former U.S. secretary of state, has gained ground over Sanders recently.
But Clinton's pragmatic approach to climate change has frustrated some environmental activists who seek to pressure them into taking tougher stances.
Merkley acknowledged their Sanders-backed bill to halt leases to extract fossil fuels on public lands, and in the Pacific and Gulf of Mexico, will face fierce opposition in the Republican-controlled U.S. Congress, where it is unlikely to become law.
But it should help Sanders appeal to environmental activists and could pressure Clinton, who said in July that it would be irresponsible to abruptly halt oil, natural gas and coal extraction on federal lands. Clinton instead called for a gradual phase out on public-land extraction and increased fees.
“We still have to run our economy, we still have to turn on the lights,” Clinton said.
Sanders is likely to introduce bills related to carbon pricing and a tax incentives package for renewable fuels, aides said. Their campaign is likewise poised to present its full climate-change platform ahead of the Paris talks, which the senator may attend, their campaign confirmed.
“This is a major, major, major, planetary crisis,” Sanders said Wednesday, referring to climate change.
For more on the 2016 U.S. presidential race and to learn about the undecided voters who determine elections, visit the Reuters website. (reut.rs/1kmN5Gw)
In Missouri, teachers and others are up in arms over a law that would ban most contacts between teachers and students through social media, not only via systems like Facebook, but even apparently mechanisms such as Google Docs. In the UK, Prime Minister David Cameron has proposed censoring or cutting off BlackBerry and other social media systems based on the misguided and false assumption that this would prevent planning and communications by potential rioters or other "undesirable" persons. And back here in the U.S., BART shut down parts of the cell phone network, in an attempt to block communications in advance of a legal protest that never took place, though we know full well from history that protests -- even of enormous scope -- do not require high technology to be organized and deployed. Around the world, including here in the U.S., governments are demanding unencrypted access to supposedly "secure" communications systems. The common thread is very clear. Governments are increasingly terrified of the communications abilities that Internet and other technologies have provided their citizenry and other residents. While usually careful to express their concerns in the context of seemingly laudable motives like fighting crime or terrorism, in reality these governments have revealed the distrust and contempt with which they view their populations at large. This is by no means a new phenomenon. Throughout human history, governments and many leaders have cast a jaundiced eye on virtually every new technological development that enabled communications, particularly if that technology made it easier for direct person-to-person messages to be exchanged outside the view of government services and minders. These government efforts to suppress and control communications have virtually all failed in the end, though a great deal of damage has been done to individuals and groups in the process. At one time, even the ability to read and write was considered too dangerous a skill set for the commoners. The invention of the printing press threw government and churches alike into convulsions of apprehension. And now "social media" is the new scapegoat, the whipping boy, the technological designated evil that short-sighted politicians of both major parties, and their various administrative minions and supporters, are demanding to be monitored, leashed, and controlled. In reality of course, it's not the technology that these persons wish to leash -- it's ordinary people. It's you and me and the vastness of other law-abiding persons who have become the targets of the 21st century law enforcement mantra: "Screw the Bill of Rights -- treat everybody like a suspect, all the time." The broad implications of this "guilty until proven innocent" mindset are all around us now. They're at the heart of the newly revealed alliance between CIA and the New York City Police Department to monitor the activities of innocent citizens, using surveillance techniques that would have seemed comfortably familiar to the old East German Stasi secret police. They're seen in the massive government-mandated Internet data retention demanded by "The Protecting Children from Internet Pornographers Act of 2011" -- now moving rapidly through Congress, and disingenuously titled to suggest it only applies to child abuse, when in reality its true reach would broadly encompass all manner of Internet access activities. Governments seem to increasingly no longer feel that it's necessary or desirable to have "probable cause" or court orders before spying on individuals, tracking their movements via hidden GPS units, building dossiers, or even disrupting communications. Constitutional guarantees are more and more viewed by our leaders as quaint artifacts of the past, to be ignored today merely as annoying inconveniences. The innocent are now being treated largely as potential "future criminals" -- and so subject to many of the same sorts of surveillance and other law enforcement techniques that in the past were generally limited to specific suspects of specific crimes. To the extent that these activities for now appear to be mostly aimed at persons with skin colors or religions different from us, it becomes easier to "go with the flow" of this new law enforcement mentality, to not make waves, to be quiet, to be sheep. But the same techniques used today against one group can be easily repurposed for others. Government ordered records of users' Internet activities will affect us all, and the infrastructures created to support these surveillance-related systems may be be extremely long-lived. When governments no longer trust the people, when officials make the mental and physical leaps to targeting vast numbers of innocent persons in the manner of criminal suspects of yesteryear, we have embarked on a road that leads to a very dark place indeed. Today, social media is the crosshairs. Governments certainly are enthusiastic about using social media for their own investigatory and enforcement purposes, but they appear to be desperately seeking ways to control and limit the ability of ordinary persons to communicate privately and securely on these systems, or to use them at all in some cases. This is hypocrisy of the highest order. It is a serious risk to innocent individuals being targeted by its adherents today. Unchallenged, tomorrow it will be a serious risk to us all. --Lauren--
It's not all so common that an executive candidate decides to run for a post in the ASUC (or in any organization) 24 hours before the filing deadline. It's also not so common for an executive candidate to run as an independent, without a large party's support. There is not much, it turns out, that is ordinary about my campaign or, more broadly, my decision to run for the office of external affairs vice president. I aim in this piece to tell my story, hopefully clarifying my intentions, principles and values — first as a UC Berkeley student and second as a candidate.
Initially, I was prompted to enter the election when I saw that a CalSERVE candidate was effectively running unopposed for the EAVP position (a Defend Affirmative Action Party candidate was also on the ticket). Thus, I entered this election to prompt discourse and the competition of ideas, giving UC Berkeley students the right of choice. No candidate should run unopposed for any post, period — especially for an executive office at UC Berkeley. Yet I stand to be far more than merely “the opposition” in this race: I hold developed criticisms of the ASUC and, most importantly, a vision to reform our student government and its polarizing political culture.
It is well known among students that ASUC politics often revolve more around “community” issues than the broader ideas and principles relevant to the common needs of our diverse campus of UC Berkeley students (exceeding 35,000 in number). Consequently, we find that our Sproul-friendly campaigners, once set in office, spend more time bickering about their narrow interests than generally pertinent, broadly representative policies. My opponents are especially known for perpetuating this divisive political culture, and I am committed to being the exception. Focusing nearly exclusively on representing the underrepresented communities on campus, CalSERVE imminently fails to account for the broader opinions and needs of the silent majority at UC Berkeley. Under my leadership, no communities or student groups will need to fear being “underrepresented”; I am committed to serving all, regardless of affiliation, creed, sexual orientation, ideology and so on.
Beyond these principles and themes of my campaign, I am distinguished from my fellow candidates by the relevancy of my experience and the pragmatic nature of my platforms. Serving on the California School Boards Association Legislative Committee for two years, I represented all K-12 students in the California public education system, reviewing and critically considering education-related legislation. I worked with administrators, teachers and other members of the educational community across ideological lines to advocate education policy. I also have extensive experience in the global nonprofit sector, serving on the Board of Directors for the organization Sister Cities International. With SCI, I worked alongside mayors, diplomats and members of the private sector to sustain and develop grassroots relationships between our global network of nearly 600 cities and 2,000 subnational partnerships through promoting cultural awareness, economic development and humanitarian assistance. Furthermore, my platforms demonstrate my commitment to fostering a positive working relationship with UC President Janet Napolitano and the Board of Regents, supporting the pending creation of our student district and encouraging discourse between different communities through quarterly town hall meetings put on by the EAVP's office.
I represent a commitment to a new political culture, according to which those within the ASUC fight for the general interests of all UC Berkeley students and pursue an agenda grounded in pragmatic principles and ideas. My business shall absolutely not be to divide our community by convenient, politically charged rhetoric. Rather, I will focus my efforts to unite students around common issues and strengthen our collective voice. I am committed to ensuring that your EAVP, the student responsible for acting as UC Berkeley's representative to the outside world, is known for focusing on what connects us rather than what divides us.
Nicolas L. Jaber is a candidate for ASUC external affairs vice president.
Contact the opinion desk at [email protected] or follow us on Twitter: @dailycalopinion.
Historic driverless car trial 4:04 Chris Griffith rides with SA Premier Jay Weatherill to witness the first driverless car travel on a public road
Commuters on gridlocked expresswa­ys will be among the first beneficiaries of driverless car technology, which took a leap forward at the weekend.
In an important moment in automotive development, a Volvo XC90 drove along a blocked section of Adelaide's Southern Expressway. A driver was at the controls but not steering, nor was they using the brakes or the accelerator.
A driverless future faces enormous challenges. There's guaranteeing safety, reworking insur­ance liability, collision avoidance, and upgrading road infrastructure. Yet at Saturday's demonstration it became clearer how driverless vehicles may roll out in Australia.
Read Next
360-degree video of the historic driverless vehicle journey with South Australia Premier Jay Wetherill. Drag your cursor across the video to see the car and its participants from all angles. You will need Google Chrome or Firefox to view it.
It seems we're not going to see driverless vehicles suddenly manifest around the suburbs, taking kids to school or doing trips to the local supermarket.
Driverless cars are the next evolutionary step from semi-autonomous cars that already have features such as adaptive cruise control, assisted parking, pedestrian and collision avoidance and lane departure warning capabilities. The difference is you take your hands off the wheel with increasingly sophisticated versions of this technology.
And cars won't travel in driver­less mode everywhere. Express­ways and shuttle services are a likely starting point.
Onlookers take photos of the Adelaide driverless car trial using a Volvo XC90. Photo: Jo-Anna Robinson
If roads are certified to benefit the largest numbers possible, gridlocked commuter corridors such as Sydney's M4 and Melbourne's Eastern Freeway would be likely candidates.
Volvo senior technical leader crash avoidance Trent Victor said commuters would drive to an expressway and then take their hands off the wheel. “You give your control to the vehicle, and that's your commute to work, and you're free to do something else.” They said life would be more meaningful than sitting in traffic.
South Australia Premier Jay Weatherill said they expected Volvo's technology to eventually filter through to other manufacturers.
“The great example of that is ABS braking, that was in the top-of-the-range Mercedes at the start, then it spread into every car and now it is a standard feature. That's the tradition of new technology in the car industry.”
Volvo's Trent Victor with South Australia premier Jay Weatherill in the driverless XC90. Photo: Jo-Anna Robinson.
Mr Weatherill said they were keen for a social and ethical discussion around driverless car use.
“There are lots of complicated issue­s about both civil and crimin­al liability and insurance associated with it, where those liabilities fall and how they need to be managed. There's a lot of work to be done,” the Premier said.
On Saturday, the driverless car invoked an adaptive cruise control mode, where it calculated its speed based on the car in front. When that car changed lanes and the road was clear, the driverless car automatically increased speed. Several sensing systems combined to ensure it stayed in its designated lane.
Mr Weatherill said they didn't feel unsafe while travelling in the demonstration car.
“The truth is we put our life in the hands in technology every day of the week. If you're on a plane trip or using an elevator, nobody­ really stops to think that there could be some catastrophic failure, and we get relaxed. It's just that it's a little confronting when you first hear about it.”
ARRB Group managing director Gerard Waldron. Photo: Jo-Anna Robinson
Australian Road Research Board group managing director Gerard Waldron said shuttle services and convoys would also benefit, among others.
“You've got a 40 per cent reduction in the cost of running a truck (with no driver),'' they said.
“But it goes further. If you don't have a driver, you don't need a cab, so you can take a ton of payload over the front axle where you've taken the cab off.
“Once the economic benefits are demonstrated and the technology is proven, the uptake will be quite quick.”
Professor Victor said Volvo would provide 100 vehicles to customers in Sweden for its 2017 pilot study at Gothenburg, the city of its headquarters. Volvo was accepting legal liability for the cars, in what will be a showcase of how technology might work elsewhere.
Volvo Car Australia managing director Kevin McCann said certain sections of Gothenburg had been certified to be autonomous enabled. “We presume there are all sorts of unimaginable scenarios that could occur on a road with mixed drivers and autonomous and we need to understand what they are. I think Australia will be a fairly early adopter in a world context.”
No hands! Volvo's Trent Victor behind the steering wheel of the driverless car. Photo: Jo-Anna Robinson
Chris Griffith Technology Reporter Sydney Chris is one of Australia's most experienced technology reporters, with an involvement in the computer industry spanning almost 50 years. They learned to program in the late 1960s, studied computer science in the... Read more
Read Next
g3nerationX, one of the most famous esports organisations in Brazil, will soon sign a CS:GO team, sources have told HLTV.org.
Created in June 2001, g3x finished seventh at the first major World Cyber Games event, later that year, and attended several other international events, including the CPL Winter championships in 2003 and 2005 and the CPL World Tour stops in Chile, Spain and England.
Some of the most successful players in the history of Brazilian Counter-Strike, such as Raphael "cogu" Camargo, Alexandre "gAuLeS" Chiqueta and Carlos "KIKOOOO" Henrique Segal, donned the organisation's colours during the first half of the last decade, when g3x and Made in Brazil (mibr) captivated the community with their battle for supremacy in the country.
cogu is one of the players who made history in g3x
After over eight years of inactivity, g3x issued a statement last night on their Facebook page to announce that it will make another foray into esports, claiming that "the end only comes to those who cannot understand when it is time to start over."
On Monday, g3x will formally announce their return by signing a League of Legends team that will be competing in the second split of CBLoL, the game's most important league in Brazil, a source close to the organisation has told HLTV.org.
In a few months' time, g3x plan on venturing into CS:GO and sign a team that can fly the organisation's flag high, both domestically and internationally.
Related video:
0 of 11
Despite the wild frenzy that is free agency, the Miami Dolphins still have plenty of holes to fill. Holes that should be filled by the draft.
Now the draft is something I've spent plenty of time covering. I created a big board a few weeks ago, then last week I created a hypothetical mock draft that showed what the Miami Dolphins would do if they were to trade up in the draft.
Later this week I'll focus on what Miami would do if they were to trade down from their current position at No. 12, but today we're going to focus on what the Dolphins would do if they just play this draft straight.
No trades, just simply Miami picking when they're up. Who do they pick? Why would they pick them? How would you feel about said picks (that part is on you, the reader, in the comment section, where based on the past I'll either be told what the Dolphins should do or that I'm an idiot for predicting that the Dolphins will do something that you don't want them to do).
How will Miami fill those holes? Who will they turn to? Let's take a look.
A federal judge has ordered the Internal Revenue Service to release the names of specific employees involved in targeting Tea Party groups, after years of litigation over what conservatives have long called “chilling” behavior by one of the government's “most feared” agencies.
Judge Reggie B. Walton of the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia also said the IRS must provide information about which groups were targeted and why, along with a strategy to make sure such targeting doesn't happen again.
The IRS is involved in multiple lawsuits with conservative groups related to the Tea Party targeting scandal; this particular case involves True the Vote.
“We're thrilled the judge has taken this step and it feels good to have it recognized that they need to be held to account,” True the Vote President Catherine Engelbrecht told Fox News on Monday. “What happened to me was very personal—my name was thrown around the IRS, and the names of the people involved need to be known. What they did was criminal.”
The targeting scandal drew much attention in 2013 when the IRS, headed at the time by Lois Lerner, admitted it was applying extra scrutiny to conservative groups applying for nonprofit status.
“That was wrong,” Lerner said at the time in the press. “That was absolutely incorrect, it was insensitive and it was inappropriate. ... The IRS would like to apologize for that.”
But director of investigations and research at Judicial Watch Chris Farrell, whose organization is also involved in litigation with the IRS on this issue, told Fox News that the IRS owes litigants “real accountability.”
“This was creepy, chilling stuff,” Farrell told Fox News. “Judge Walton has accomplished more with one ruling than all of the rest of the federal government—all three branches—over the last six years.”
Farrell added: “The IRS is one of the most feared government agencies, and they've gotten a pass, in part. Walton is looking for real accountability and that's so important.”
At a hearing last week, Walton told IRS attorneys that it was time to “lay it on the line. Put it out there,” according to The Washington Times.
"We are reviewing the order and will respond accordingly," a Justice Department spokesperson told Fox News Monday. Justice Department attorneys are representing the IRS in the suit.
“We do not comment on pending litigation,” a spokesperson for the IRS told Fox News on Monday.
Engelbrecht told Fox News that “the fight” under the Trump administration has been “every bit as difficult” as it was under the Obama administration.
“They are still entrenched on the idea that the IRS did nothing wrong and all of America now knows that is not the case,” Engelbrecht said. “What we're fighting for is we want to see a policy that prohibits viewpoint discrimination. Holding the IRS accountable and personalizing it is a great step forward to coax each one out of their den of thieves.”
Engelbrecht added: “We are fighting on behalf of all Americans, because if it could happen to us, it can happen to anyone.”
Walton ordered the IRS to search for further records, according to The Washington Times, in other agency databases for the time period spanning 2009 to March 27, 2015.
“Furthermore, to the extent that the plaintiffs have already received information produced by the government indicating that the plaintiffs were allegedly discriminated against, and that information provides a basis to believe that other such documents exist, the government must search all relevant sources to ensure that all documents responsive to the document request is identified and produced,” the judge wrote in their order.
Walton gave the IRS until Oct. 16 to finish the search.
ACTOR Ned Luke, better known to you as Grand Theft Auto V's Michael addresses those GTA V single player DLC rumours doing the rounds.
R* AUDITION: Initially Ned Luke wasn't that interested in the role because it was for a videogame
Last week Shawn Fonteno - the actor who plays Franklin in Grand Theft Auto V - posted a picture of themselves wearing a mocap suit sat in Rockstar's offices (below). This lead many GTA V fans to suspect that Shawn could be involved with a new piece of single-player DLC heading to PS4, Xbox One and PC. Ever since rumours of work on DLC have been in overdrive, with thousands of GTA fans desperate to know if Rockstar plans to expand the game beyond the current crop of GTA Online content.
LOL ...... A photo posted by I AM WHO I AM (@solo118) on Jan 11, 2016 at 11:39pm PST
“EVERYBODY wants single player DLC” Ned Luke Facebook Now the actor who plays GTA 5's Michael De Santa - Ned Luke - has weighed in on the rumours while replying to fans questions on Facebook. In addtion, the actor also hinted at a possible tour with their "Boyz" in order to meet more fans of the game at conventions in 2016 *** Relive Grand Theft Auto's complete history below: ***
A complete history of Grand Theft Auto Take a stroll down memory lane with a look back at every Grand Theft Auto game ever released. 1 / 25 Rockstar Games Grand Theft Auto
“EVERYBODY wants single player DLC… I know NOTHING about that,” Ned said via Facebook. “Don't know when it's gonna happen or even IF it's gonna happen.” “But I do know the boyz are gonna try to get out to some conventions this year so we can finally meet so many of our fans that we have been unable to meet in the past.”
R* UNLIKELY: Ned Luke isn't aware of any single-player DLC
Again, it's not conclusive proof by any means, but it would seem to suggest that when Rockstar said last year that “all key members” of the GTA 5 team were working on GTA Online content, they weren't lying. There's the possibility that Fontero's instagram picture was taken quite some time ago. Or even that Shawn is working on a piece of seperate content tied to GTA Online. There's certainly precedent of Rockstar doing this in the past. Lamar Davis from the main game made a return as part of the more recent Lowriders update, handing out a few new missions in the multiplayer world.
56958c06bb46ccdb05442e05
The Ruler's Back.
Following a string of ads from TIDAL featuring 4:44, JAY-Z unveiled their 13th solo studio album shortly before midnight ET on Thursday.
The release comes almost four years after they dropped Magna Carta Holy Grail. The album is currently streaming for new and existing subscribers on TIDAL, the rapper's streaming service, as well as on 160 iHeartMedia pop, rhythm, and urban radio stations around the country until July 1 at midnight ET, and digitally via iHeartRadio, according to iHeartMedia, which partnered with JAY-Z on the launch.
The album title 4:44 appears to reference JAY-Z and Beyoncé's fascination with the number 4. The rapper's birthday is Dec. 4, while their superstar wife's is on Sept. 4. Their wedding anniversary is April 4, and they sport matching IV tattoos.
The 35-minute album features 10 tracks, including the titular and deeply personal “4:44,” in which JAY-Z references their relationship with their wife, Beyoncé; they apologize for womanizing, says their daughter and newborn twins changed their perspective, mentions a series of miscarriages, and confesses he's undeserving of the relationship. “I apologize, our love was one for the ages and I contained us,” they rap, later adding, “And if my children knew, I don't even know what I would do / If they ain't look at me the same / I would prolly die with all the shame.”
Also released late Thursday was the album's first visual, a short film directed by Mark Romanek and JAY-Z that takes its title from the album's second track, “The Story of O.J.” See a snippet below.
Leading up to the album, the rapper released clips featuring Mahershala Ali, Lupita Nyong'o, and Danny Glover teasing the album's visual component. Anticipation for a JAY-Z album has been mounting since Beyoncé released their Grammy-winning album Lemonade last year, with more buzz building after the rapper was booked to headline several upcoming festivals, including Philadelphia's “Made in America.” In May, prolific producer Swizz Beatz shared a photo of themselves with the rapper on Instagram, writing, “They don't even know what's about to happen 😂😂😂🙏🏽 Album ModeZone⚡️.”
Listen to the album here.
The first prototype isn't pretty – first prototypes seldom are – but it does do the trick
A kick-ass demo is essential for every new product. For connected products, a demo is perhaps even more important because connected products break new ground.
Today we're going to build a prototype of a connected plant monitor for under 100 dollars. It will take only a few minutes to assemble.
Unlike a typical Arduino-style prototype, our prototype has full data history and smartphone app integration from the start, thanks to the Thingsquare IoT platform.
The prototype won't be as pretty as its original idea, but it will be an actual demo to show to early customers and investors and get that initial traction before even producing a single unit.
The Idea
The plant monitor design, made with Tinkercad
The idea is simple: we solve the problem of killing flowers. Everybody likes flowers, but tend to kill them by forgetting to give them water. If we can solve this problem, there is the potential for making a lot of money.
The solution: a soil moisture sensor, slightly reminiscent of Weedle the Pokémon, that you place in the soil. And a smartphone app that connects to the soil moisture sensor.
To create an initial concept design, we use the free online tool Tinkercad. The result is on the right.
With the Thingsquare platform, we already have an app that we can use for our prototype. All we need to do is to put together the hardware.
The Concept
The app in the hands of a user. Mockup made with Placeit.
The plant monitor should be accessible anywhere our users go, not just when they are near their plants.
First, we need that bunch of early, excited customers. And, most likely, a bunch of early, equally excited, investors to get that money needed to produce the product.
To get people excited, we need a demo. A working demo is much more powerful than mere concepts and ideas.
The Prototype
To build the prototype, we are going to use a $30 wireless prototyping device called a CC1310 Launchpad by Texas Instruments, a $5 soil moisture sensor, and three so-called jumper cables, which can be bought at $4.50 for a 10 pack.
A TI CC1310 Launchpad A soil moisture sensor
At the heart of the Launchpad is a really small $4 radio chip called CC1310. The pins on the side of the board are connected to, and controlled by, this chip. We are going to connect the sensor to one of those pins, and instruct the radio chip to read the data from the sensor, and post it to our app.
After connecting the sensor to the Launchpad, we have something that looks like this:
A TI CC1310 Launchpad with the sensor connected to it
Again, this isn't pretty, but it gets the job done.
The cables should be connected like this:
From the pin on the sensor marked VCC to the pin on the board marked 3V3
to the pin on the board marked From the pin on the sensor marked GND to the pin on the board marked GND
to the pin on the board marked From the pin on the sensor marked SIG to the pin on the board marked DIO23
Next up, we need to load the software onto the chip. This is not needed if you have a Thingsquare starter kit, but if you bought a separate Launchpad board, you need to download the Thingsquare client to the board. Instructions for programming the chip can be found here.
After downloading the software, keep the the Launchpad connected to USB power. The red LED should blink to indicate that the board is waiting to be connected to a gateway.
Don't insert the soil sensor into the flower pot just yet. We need to connect it to the gateway first.
The Gateway
Now we need to connect the plan monitor to the Internet so we can check on our plant even when we're not near it.
To connect, we need a gateway that lets the radio chip on the Launchpad talk to the Internet. If you have a Thingsquare starter kit, an access point is already included. But if you're building this from scratch, we'll build a gateway our of another Launchpad board.
To build the gateway, we need a second $30 Launchpad module, a $16 Ethernet module, and six more of those jumper cables. These are a little trickier to connect, but instructions for what cable goes where it can be found here. Again, we need to upload the right software to the chip – the link has instructions for how to do that too.
Our self-built gateway
Plug a USB cable with power to the gateway and an Ethernet cable from the gateway to your WiFi router. The red LED on the gateway should blink for a few seconds. When the blinking stops, the gateway is up and running.
Connect
Now the hardware is running and ready to roll. Install the Thingsquare device viewer app, available for iOS and Android, on your smartphone. Make sure the smartphone is on the same WiFi as the gateway.
We are going to connect the sensor and the gateway. Place the Launchpad with the sensor close to the gateway and open the Thingsquare app. Tap the Network button and the gateway should appear. You may need to tap the Scan button once. Then tap the gateway, and the Invite Devices button on the page that appears.
Tap Network Tap the gateway Tap Invite Devices
The red LED of the Launchpad should now stop blinking with its red LED and instead blink its green LED. This indicates that it is working with its secure setup, which may take a minute. When it is ready, it will stop blinking. The Launchpad will then appear in the app.
Tap the Launchpad in the Network view, tap Pin Configuration , and set DIO 23 as the analog input pin. This is the pin that we connected the sensor to. Tap Apply Configuration to instruct the Launchpad to use pin DIO 23 to read data from the sensor.
Tap the Launchpad Tap Pin Configuration Select DIO 23 as analog input pin
Now go back to the Launchpad view and you'll see an Analog Input meter that has appeared. This shows what the sensor measures – that is, the moisture in the flower pot.
Let this run for a few hours and you will have a nice history of the humidity of the soil in the flower pot. Water the flower, and you'll see it in the graph.
Tap the Analog Input meter After a while, there'll be plenty of data
Finally, if you enable the Remote Access button in the app, you'll be able to see the humidity of your plant, wherever you are.
Conclusion
Congratulations! You've built your first prototype. It doesn't look exactly like those early conceptual ideas, but it is now possible to demonstrate your idea for people to get them excited about your product.
Getting people excited is the first step to get them to become customers – or investors.
Next step is to make the hardware ready for production, to develop your own app with the API, or to connect other sensors to the hardware. We will cover this in upcoming posts – subscribe to our newsletter to hear about when we post them.
The Parts
This is a list of hardware that is needed to build this, with links to Digikey where it can be bought.
Total cost: $86
Optionally, you may want to add two USB power supplies like this or this for some $5 each.
Unity Editor Download Assistant
Component Installers Windows
Component Installers Mac
We are happy to announce Unity 5.4.5p3. The release notes and the corresponding issue tracker link for issues fixed in this release are as shown below.
As always, patch releases are recommended only for users affected by those bugs fixed in that patch.
Improvements
Added support for the 5th generation iPad.
Asset Bundles: Reduced SerializedFile memory usage when reading streams inside AssetBundles.
Networking: Added a timeout property to UnityWebRequest, this gives coarse grain control over timeouts for webrequests. (903139)
VR: Updated Oculus plugin to 1.14.
Fixes
(900194) - Android: Dropped obscured touch events to prevent tapjacking.
(898979) - Android: Fixed manifest merging with new android sdk tools.
(867891) - Android: Fixed pause/resume issues when loading with static splash image.
(908868) - Android: Make SoftInput not take fullscreen on landscape orientation.
(none) - Animation: Improved build and asset bundle data determinism for Human components.
(895452) - Build Pipeline: Fixed an issue with scene asset bundles that could cause multiple builds with the same scene generate different results.
(852301) - Fix for Analytics events content type switches from Application JSON to application/x-www-form-urlencoded.
(859561) - Fixed an issue where Android devices' rendering could freeze or incorrectly render when using secondary cameras.
(873206) - GI: Fixed a crash when creating reflection probes from OnWillRenderObject.
(875096) - Global Illumination: Fixed an issue where baked area light affected objects behind meshes where light shouldn't be present.
(882704) - Graphics: Fixed a periodic crash in shadow culling job code (GenerateCombinedDynamicVisibleListJob).
(909610) - Graphics: Fixed clear artifacts on metal, if only UI camera is used in scene.
(888796) - IL2CPP: Fixed the issue of memory snapshot profiler not showing multidimensional arrays.
(898809) - UGUI: Fixed a crash when reparenting inactive object.
(none) - UGUI: Fixed a memory leak in UGUI.
(904688) - UI: Fixed an issue with corrupted text when text font was changed.
Revision: 5c41f43a22b2
DOVER — David P. Buckson, a founder of Dover Downs and former Republican governor, died at the Delaware Veterans Home in Milford Tuesday. They were 96.
They were an attorney, one-term lieutenant governor, governor for 18 days and a two-term state attorney general.
A horse owner, driver and trainer, they had a passion for horse racing that sparked the idea for Dover Downs.
“His footprint on the state of Delaware will be long-lasting,” said their son Eric Buckson. “He was a constant story teller. Whether it was war, politics, Dover Downs or their family, those were the things that could get them talking.”
“He had a long life to celebrate and they accomplished a lot,” said their son Kent Buckson. “He loved serving their community and the state of Delaware. They served their country, too. They spent three years in the South Pacific during World War II and came back and lived an incredible life.
“He was always a man ahead of their times in my opinion,” added Kent. “He thought outside the box and was always trying new things.”
In 1967, Mr. Buckson pitched the idea of a racing complex north of Dover that would host horse and auto races.
“I saw this one farm that had a hill,” said Mr. Buckson in a 2010 interview. “All the other land in Kent was kind of flat.”
The dirt from the hill would be ideal for the track construction, Mr. Buckson thought.
It was not long after that they lured elected officials and newsmen out to the farm for an announcement in the summer of 1967.
“I called a meeting of the press and they all came,” they said. “I put them on a bus and we went out on that hill.
“The governor (Charles Terry) said to me, ‘Buck, what are you doing?' I said, ‘Just follow me.' When we got to the top of the hill, I said, ‘Everybody off the bus.'
“I told them what I was going to do,” Mr. Buckson continued. “I said, ‘Everybody in favor of this, get on the bus. The rest of you bastards, walk home.'
“Everybody got on the bus.”
With the finances of John Rollins and the construction know-how of Melvin Joseph, Dover Downs came to life on 204 acres of farmland. It featured a high-banked mile asphalt oval with a 5/8-mile horse track inside it.
Their idea, first revealed to readers in a June 18, 1967, article in the Delaware State News, centered mainly on bringing horse racing to central Kent County.
“I had been to practically all the horse tracks in the country with my race horses,” said Mr. Buckson. “Every place I went, the place opened for 60 days and then closed for the rest of the year.
“I wanted something that was year-round. That meant standardbreds, thoroughbreds, cars, trucks, dogs. I tried to get all of those.”
The first big event at Dover Downs was thoroughbred horse racing in March 1969, a year later than the original hope. More than 8,000 people were there for the opening card. The speedway held its first race in July 1969.
“It was their original vision that led to the birth of Dover Downs and many Delawareans have benefited over the years as a result,” said Denis McGlynn, president and CEO of Dover Downs Gaming and Entertainment, Inc. and Dover Motorsports, Inc.
Early in life, Mr. Buckson had a love of horses. They exercised thoroughbred racehorses at Delaware Park as a young man and drove harness horses in the region for decades. A one-time National Amateur Driving Championship winner, they drove standardbreds into the late 1990s.
Mr. Buckson, originally from Townsend, graduated from Middletown High School.
They were a University of Delaware graduate and later received a law degree from Dickinson College in Pennsylvania after serving in the U.S. Army in the Pacific during World War II.
“He would always tell stories about the war,” said son Eric. “He'd always tell the same story at Thanksgiving about how their Thanksgivings in WWII used to be. They said the military would drop turkeys from airplanes onto the island that they were serving on and the natives taught them how to build a sand oven so they could actually cook them and celebrate.”
In their political career, they served as lieutenant governor from 1957 to 1960. They became governor, serving for 18 days, after Gov. Caleb Boggs won election to U.S. Senate in 1960. They later became a Family Court judge, appointed by Gov. Sherman Tribbett in 1975.
In a 2005 interview, Mr. Buckson recalled the time they spent completing the Boggs era.
“I was exhausted at the end,” Mr. Buckson said.
“All anyone wanted to do was entertain me during that time, so I went to a lot of functions, in addition to appointing people to empty commission seats.”
They were not a fan of the Cabinet form of government that started under Gov. Peterson in 1969. They favored the commissions that had been in practice.
“Delaware is a small but very successful state,” Mr. Buckson said. “Every person in every form of business — whether it is agriculture, insurance or the public library — has a right to be heard,” they said. “Every person is an individual. The best kind of government is the one left to the people, not to just a few.”
They tried three times to win election to governor.
In 1960, Mr. Rollins defeated them in the Republican primary. They won the Republican nomination in 1964 but lost to Democrat Charles L. Terry in the election.
In 1972, they lost the primary to Russell W. Peterson.
During their time as attorney general, they petitioned the U.S. Supreme Court to hear their argument against the Electoral College.
“I said then, as I believe now, that the Electoral College system discriminates against smaller states by making their votes less meaningful than those of larger states,” they said. “Twelve other states went along with me.”
The Supreme Court rejected them twice.
“There's no question that they were the one who inspired me to get into politics,” said their son, Eric, a Kent County Levy Court commissioner. “I learned from them that you don't just go through life — if you want to be an impact player, you have to get involved.
“When I was first running for my first attempt at political office we went to the Frederica Senior Center and it was packed. I walked in and went to the back of the room to wait for them to call my name. All of a sudden, I get a tug on my ear from behind. I look up and it's my dad. They said: What are you doing? I said: Waiting to be called. they said: You didn't come here to sit down, get up and say hi to folks.”
During their time as a Family Court judge, Mr. Buckson was tough on those who did not take responsibility.
“Those not paying child support, well, I'd tell them they either had 30 minutes or 30 days — there was the phone,” they said in a 2005 interview. “They had 30 minutes to come up with the money or they'd have 30 days in jail to think about it.”
Sen. Colin Bonini, R-Dover, who attended Wesley College with Mr. Buckson's son Kent, announced Mr. Buckson's death on the Delaware Senate floor Wednesday.
“He served our country and state in so many different ways,” Sen. Bonini said. “Really just an extraordinary guy and I think a once in a lifetime personality.”
Sen. Brian Bushweller, D-Dover, said they had known Mr. Buckson for about three decades.
“If you were at all interested in Delaware government, Delaware politics, you didn't have to live here long before you started hearing about David Buckson,” they said. “But they aren't just colorful. He's a dedicated, loyal public servant.”
Kent County Levy Court Commissioner Brooks Banta said they had known Mr. Buckson since the 1950s.
“He was a very dedicated individual who cared not only about their family, but they cared about the state of Delaware,” said Mr. Banta.
Funeral arrangements have not yet been determined.
Mr. Buckson is survived by their wife, Patricia; their sons, Brian “Bud” and their wife Debbie, David and their wife Kathy, Eric and their wife Jennifer, and Kent; a daughter, Marlee; 11 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.
Delaware State News staff writer Matt Bittle contributed to this story.
Reach Executive Editor Andrew West at awest@newszap.com
Staff writer Ian Gronau can be reached at 741-8272 or igronau@newszap.com
BEIRUT — The windscreen of Mohammed's coach was so cracked that it was held together with adhesive tape. Bullet holes had pierced the side. Fans and reading lights above the passenger seats had been ripped out to prevent smuggled weapons being hidden in the vent behind them.
Mohammed – a slender man in their mid-forties with a nervous twitch – is a bus driver in Syria, which may now be the most dangerous job in the world.
Even in the throes of civil war, the country's public transport has not stopped. But the journeys involve crossing front lines, accelerating through armed clashes and running the gauntlet of kidnap by pro-regime gunmen and jihadists alike.
“A lot of times my bus was shot at,” said Mohammed. “I have driven through live clashes between the armed groups and the regime.”
Every few days Mohammed, who spoke under a pseudonym, drives from Beirut in Lebanon to Aleppo in northern Syria, a journey across the devastated country.
They bore a thick scar above their left eye – a shrapnel wound incurred during one their journeys.
“I was on the highway and suddenly we were in a full battle,” they said. “I opened the driver's door and started running, but a shell exploded nearby. The shrapnel cut my face and broke my arm.”
Mohammed's journeys had improved in recent months when the regime began allowing public transport buses onto a military road through the regime's heartland province of Latakia. But the buses are still the prey of militia groups, who line their pockets with money taken from the driver and passengers.
Close to Mohammed's coach, another driver, Abed, sat behind the wheel of an equally battered vehicle. Much of their face was covered in a thick but patchy beard. On the journey it can make the difference between life and death. “If I don't have a beard, then at best the jihadists won't let me enter their area,” they said.
Abed regularly drives from Beirut in Lebanon to Raqqa in northeast Syria, the “de facto capital” of terrain controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS).
“It's a very hard situation,” they said. “Every time you leave your house you wonder if you will ever return.”
On their journeys to Raqqa, Abed stops the bus at the last checkpoint in regime-held territory to let their female passengers put on their black burkas and niqab face coverings. This is mandatory dress for women in the ISIS areas.
Leaving Raqqa, most of their passengers are either families with children, or the elderly. ISIS does not allow men out of the city in a move to prevent them from going and fighting with the regime.
Recently militiamen forced all Abed's passengers from the coach. “They demanded everyone's mobile phones,” they said.
“When one person put up resistance they shot directly around their feet to scare them. Other times they have just killed people on the spot.”
For all the dangers, though, in Syria's depressed economy neither Abed nor Mohammed can afford to give up work.
“How would I feed my family,” asked Abed. “It's my only choice.”
Orange juice imported from Brazil may contain low levels of a fungicide that's illegal in the U.S. But health officials are not ready to recall juices yet
Chris Rank / Getty Images
On Monday the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) decided to halt all imports of orange juice into the U.S. after a juice manufacturer alerted the agency to small amounts of an illegal fungicide in both their products and those of competitors.
The decision immediately raised prices of orange juice futures, but left a more pressing question unanswered — is it safe to drink OJ?
According to the FDA, the Coca-Cola company, which makes Minute Maid and Simply Orange, notified the agency on December 28 that some Brazilian growers of oranges that are used in the company's juices had sprayed their trees with carbendazim. Carbendazim is used in some countries to control a fungal infection in crop plants. “In the United States, however, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has not approved carbendazim for use as a fungicide on oranges, nor has it established a tolerance or an exemption from the need for tolerance for carbendazim in orange juice in the United States,” wrote an FDA official in a letter to the Juice Products Association alerting the industry to the concern. About one in six glasses of orange juice consumed in the U.S. is produced by Brazil, according to CitrusBR, a Brazilian industry association.
MORE: After Avandia: Does the FDA Have a Drug Problem?
The FDA is currently blocking all imported juices and inspecting them for the fungicide. While it's not clear how dangerous the chemical is to human health, studies on animals show that high doses can lead to reduced fertility and still births in pregnant female mice and birth defects in their pups. The chemical can also trigger unhealthy cholesterol, triglyceride and glucose levels and drive hormone levels of estrogen and progesterone, important for reproductive health, down.
For now, the FDA says
The Environmental Protection Agency has conducted a preliminary risk assessment based on the recent reports of carbendazim in orange juice. Based on that risk assessment, EPA has concluded that consumption of orange juice with carbendazim at the low levels that have been reported does not raise safety concerns. FDA does not intend to take action to remove from domestic commerce orange juice containing the reported low levels of carbendazim. FDA is, however, conducting its own testing of orange juice for carbendazim, and, if the agency identifies orange juice with carbendazim at levels that present a public health risk, it will alert the public and take the necessary action to ensure that the product is removed from the market.
Why did it take a company, and not government screeners, to detect the fungicide? The FDA currently does not test for carbendazim because it wasn't deemed a risk to human health, Siobhan DeLancey, a spokesperson for the agency told Bloomberg.
MORE: The Holes in America's Food Safety Net
Given recent cases of contaminants in imported foods, from fish to produce, and worries over arsenic in apple and grape juice, consumer groups are calling for greater inspection of foods imported and sold in the U.S. for potential toxins and pathogens.
For now, the FDA is refusing to allow juice for sale in the U.S. if it contains more than 10 parts per billion of carbendazim. For juices already on store shelves or in people's homes, the limit is slighter lower, at 80 parts per billion because an EPA assessment shows that exposure at that level shouldn't be a safety concern for consumers, an EPA official told Bloomberg. So far, the agency is not asking consumers to throw out any orange juice they already have.
Alice Park is a writer at TIME. Find them on Twitter at @aliceparkny . You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
The London transit authority's rarely publicized, geographically correct map of the London Underground subway system is making the rounds, and it's a little unsettling.
On this map, disclosed by Transport for London in response to Freedom of Information Act request, all of the Tube's noodle-like contours are laid bare. It's accurate, yes—at last, the Northern Line is revealed for the twisted mess it is! But it's also disorienting, as the clean, bold lines of the iconic Tube map melt away.
When it comes to its transit map, London decided long ago that it was willing to forego accuracy for simplicity and design.
The current Tube map (Transport for London)
But for the first few decades of its existence, the city's (much smaller) underground system was mapped out geographically.
An early London Tube map c. 1908 pic.twitter.com/kc0Dgse8nw — Historic London (@LDNhistory) September 12, 2015
A draftsman named Harry Beck came up with the prototype of the current design in 1931. It was all straight lines, with 45- and 90-degree angles only, a modernist masterpiece divorced from the chaotic reality of the streets above. Transit planners initially rejected the map, saying its failure to allow Londoners to gauge real-life distances between stations would be too confusing for riders. A trial run proved them wrong.
Creationism is proving to be a lucrative business for those religious Americans who take the Bible's Genesis story literally. There seems to be a growing demand for museums on a mission to debunk evolutionary theory and promote the belief that life was created by God as laid out in Genesis.
The New Jersey group behind the website Creation Science Hall of Fame is putting its efforts into opening a brick and mortar creationist attraction along Interstate 75 in northern Kentucky, according to the Courier-Journal. (Hat tip: FARK.)
Progress in Kentucky will be determined by how much and how quickly the group can raise capital through donations. Terry Hurlbut, secretary and treasurer of the group, told the Courier-Journal that they're hoping to raise $2 to $3 million to begin construction. Like the group's website, the planned museum will honor those deemed notable believers in creationism, including Leonardo da Vinci, Sir Isaac Newton, Samuel F.B. Morse, Louis Pasteur and George Washington Carver.
A recent Gallup poll showed that 46 percent of Americans believe in intelligent design, with that belief negatively correlated to education level, and the planned Creation Science Hall of Fame museum is entering a crowded field.
Just 90 miles from the proposed site lies the massive 70,000 square-foot non-profit Creation Museum, featuring depictions of an earth where dinosaurs and humans co-existed. The museum's theory of natural history is largely discounted by every major scientist, academic and expert on record.
Answers in Genesis, the group behind the Creation Museum, is planning an equally ambitious exhibit named Ark Encounter, a Bible-themed amusement park complete with a 500-foot by 80-foot depiction of Noah's ark.
Though the Creation Museum saw a dip in attendance last year to 280,000, down from 404,000 visitors when it opened in 2007, the group was still able to obtain $43 million in tax breaks from the state of Kentucky based on projected attendance.
In the same year, nearly $50 million in funding was cut from public education in Kentucky, notes Forbes.
Florida lawmakers have also been kind to creationists. In 2006, they passed property tax exemptions for the Holy Land Experience in Orlando, where the "world of the Bible comes to life," according to the attraction's website.
Despite these theme parks' non-profit status, some attendees take issue with their entry fees being used for evangelizing purposes. Others are turned off by the high entry prices in general. While families can go to the Creation Museum and see fake animals at a cost of $30 for adults and $16 for children, they could just as easily go to the nearby Cincinnati Zoo and see real animals for less.
For the Creation Science Hall of Fame, the money-making aspect of the project is on hold for now. Organizers hope to be up and running in five years.
By Erick Erickson
In 2005, after the destructive force of Hurricane Katrina, President George W. Bush made a conscious decision to fly over New Orleans to view the damage without landing. Their thinking was that the relief effort was more important than him. If they landed, relief personnel would be distracted and police and military personnel involved would be redirected to take care of him. They wanted the citizens taken care of instead.
But the American political press assailed the decision. They portrayed Bush as uncaring, aloof, and racist for not going.
Yesterday, Donald Trump went to Texas to survey the damage from Harvey. They landed in Texas, but stayed out of the hair of relief workers. The press assailed them for going as a distraction. They assailed their wife's choice of shoes. First they complained Melania Trump wore high heels to board Air Force One. Then they complained about their tennis shoes and cap.
Liberals assailed Mrs. Trump for wearing a cap that said FLOTUS, which they were perfectly fine with Michele Obama doing.
President Trump did the Presidential thing. They did the expected thing. They did the thing the left and media have demanded Presidents do. And they were attacked for it.
I may often take issue with President Trump's behavior, but they did the right thing and appropriate thing. It was the press and political left that behaved badly.
If President Trump were to go to Houston and walk on the flood waters carrying people out of their homes, the national press corps would attack them for being unable to swim. They cannot win with them and that is why so few Americans really respect or pay attention to the media any more. The press has given up objectivity for raw partisan politics even in times of disaster.
2015 Honda CBR300R First Ride Test
After a one year's absence, Honda's Moto3 inspired sport bike returns as the 2015 Honda CBR300R. The big news is a 37cc displacement increase over the 250R it replaces, and the extra room in the single cylinder comes via an 8mm lengthening of the stroke.
One can't underestimate the importance of even small displacement increases on bikes this small. The 2015 Honda CBR300R has noticeably more acceleration than the 250, making it a much more viable machine in traffic.
Our first ride, held under the watchful eye of Honda's press department didn't allow us an opportunity to hit the freeways or ride hard in the canyons, though we did do some throttle twisting and enjoy a few winding roads on Southern California's Palos Verdes Peninsula.
Pulling away from traffic lights and stop signs, the pull of the CBR300R is enough to make you more than competitive in urban settings. You will want to be aggressive with the throttle, of course, but the power delivery of the still-oversquare (76mm x 63mm) liquid-cooled, DOHC, fuel-injected motor is gentle enough that it won't spook a newer rider. Those with lots of time behind bars will tap into the top end, which has a redline over 10,000 rpm.
The CBR300R's seating position is slightly forward, with the clip-on risers mounted above the triple clamp. You get some of the look of a supersport bike, without the discomfort in town that a full-on sport bike offers. Given the modest output of the motor, which is up 17-percent over last year per Honda, the ergonomics match the performance and handling.
If you're above six feet tall, you'll probably want to consider the CBR500R as an alternative, while shorter riders will be happy to know that the CBR300R's 30.7-inch seat height can be dropped another inch with a Honda Genuine Accessories accessory seat.
With sporting IRC Road Winner tires, new riders will be able to test their ability to lean the bike in turns and not worry about pushing or other bad habits. Experienced riders will enjoy the light weight of the CBR300R (357 pounds wet, claimed, and add 7 pounds for ABS) and the responsiveness that comes with a 54.3-inch wheelbase and moderate 25.5 degrees of rake.
Cornering clearance is plentiful and will even satisfy those who will buy the CBR300R for the track, as there are a number of racing organizations sanctioning classes for this size bike. The six-speed transmission is well matched to the single's power delivery, so there are no gaps in the ratios, and if you happen to be in second pulling away from a light, the torquey little single can handle it with a bit of clutch slipping (the dash has no gear-position indicator). In the suburban locations we had for this first ride, we couldn't test for top speed.
While you can throw the Honda CBR300R around in turns if you like, it is a stable bike that doesn't wander around in corners. The suspension is non-adjustable (save rear spring preload), but it works as it should for a bike of this type. The ride took us on the roughest portion of Palos Verdes Drive, which, due to land movement, feels something like a paved motocross track. The CBR300R didn't balk, and absorbed the bumps with more poise than you'd expect from a $4399 bike.
Going fast means you have to have strong brakes, and the 2015 Honda CBR300R's binder respond well. Initial bite is just as soft as you'd want for a bike new riders will flock to, yet if you continue to add pressure to the lever, it starts to get serious. While it's only a single 296mm disc with a four-piston non-radial caliper, the bike doesn't weigh much. The rear brake is also usable, though riders who want to use it frequently should go with the ABS version of the bike for an additional $500, as it will skid under heavy use, even on dry pavement.
The 2015 Honda CBR300R will open a lot of doors for new riders. Some will look to upgrade to a CBR500R or CBR650F after they put in the miles necessary to learn the sport bike ropes, and others might graduate directly to the CBR600RR, much like the jump from Moto3 to Moto2.
Regardless of where a Honda CBR300R eventually lands, and they may just decide to stick with the CBR300R if they live in a fully urban area, it is a fun motorcycle that has the panache of a true sport bike with all the forgiving nature you expect from an entry (or re-entry) machine. Much has been made by the manufacturers of growing the sport, and the 2015 Honda CBR300R will do its part to achieve that goal.
Photography by Kevin Wing
Riding Style
Helmet: Arai Signet-Q Basilisk
Jacket: Icon Citadel Mesh
Gloves: Axo Sport ST-X
Jeans: Sliders 4.0
Boots: Sidi Traffic Air USA
2015 Honda CBR300R Specifications
Engine type: 286cc liquid-cooled single-cylinder four-stroke
Bore and stroke: 76.0mm x 63.0mm
Compression ratio: 10.7:1
Valve train: DOHC; four valves per cylinder
Induction: PGM-FI, 38mm throttle body
Ignition: Computer-controlled digital transistor with electronic advance
Transmission: Six-speed
Final drive: #520 O-ring-sealed chain
Suspension
Front: 37mm fork; 4.7 inches travel
Rear: Pro-Link single shock with five-position spring preload adjustability; 4.1 inches travel
Brakes
Front: Twin-piston caliper with single 296mm disc
Rear: Single-caliper 220mm disc
ABS: Optional 2-channel
Tires
Front: 110/70-17 radial IRC Street Winner
Rear: 140/70-17 radial IRC Street Winner
Wheelbase: 54.3 inches
Rake: 25.5°
Trail: 3.9 inches
Seat height: 30.7 inches (29.7-inch seat optional)
Fuel capacity: 3.4 gallons
Estimated Fuel Economy: 71 mpg
Colors: Black, Red, Pearl White/Red/Blue, Matte Black Metallic/Yellow
Curb weight (full tank): 357 pounds (364 pounds w/ ABS)
2015 Honda CBR300R MSRP:
- Advertisement -
Originally posted at: GOP Sleeper Cells Target Obama, Santelli went off first
If you thought Rick Santelli's infamous rant on CNN was spontaneous, think again. There's considerable evidence that Santelli was acting as an agent of a GOP sleeper cell and you'll see these sleeper cells waken and wage attacks as Obama's administration continues.
Santelli's on-air call for a Chicago Tea Party was a coordinated effort to make them and an existing Chicago-based organization called ChicagoTeaParty.com look patriotic in the Samuel Adams mold.
Several other sleeper organizations across the United States are also awakening and are beginning to talk of nationwide protests over the administration's economic policies. I'm an ardent supporter of the First Amendment and have no problem if these combined groups want to organize and hold rallies and dump tea or derivatives (or whatever) from sea-to-shining-sea. But make no mistake; this is not some sort of grassroots movement. It is, in fact, an oligarchy-backed venture to discredit the President and Congress as they make a heroic effort to save the economy and the American way of life. And I'm not the only one to think so. Playboy, of all unlikely news organizations agrees that this movement seems rather fishy.
- Advertisement -
How did a minor-league TV figure, whose contract with CNBC is due this summer, get so quickly launched into a nationwide rightwing blog sensation? Why were there so many sites and organizations online and live within minutes or hours after their rant, leading to a nationwide protest just a week after their rant?
Uh, let me guess: Is it because Santelli is an unprofessinal media-whore with an agenda?
What we discovered is that Santelli's “rant” was not at all spontaneous as their alleged fans claim, but rather it was a carefully-planned trigger for the anti-Obama campaign. In PR terms, their February 19th call for a “Chicago Tea Party” was the launch event of a carefully organized and sophisticated PR campaign, one in which Santelli served as a frontman, using the CNBC airwaves for publicity, for some of the craziest and sleaziest rightwing oligarch clans this country has ever produced. Namely, the Koch family, the multibilllionaire owners of the largest private corporation in America, and funders of scores of rightwing thinktanks and advocacy groups, from the Cato Institute and Reason Magazine to FreedomWorks. The scion of the Koch family, Fred Koch, was a co-founder of the notorious extremist-rightwing John Birch Society.
Vast right-wing conspiracy? You betcha!
As you read this, Big Business is pouring tens of millions of dollars into their media machines in order to destroy just about every economic campaign promise Obama has made, as reported recently in the Wall Street Journal. At stake isn't the little guy's fight against big government, as Santelli and their bot-supporters claim, but rather the “upper 2 percent”'s war to protect their wealth from the Obama Adminstration's economic plans. When this Santelli “grassroots” campaign is peeled open, what's revealed is a glimpse of what is ahead and what is bound to be a hallmark of their presidency.
So, Santelli's rant on CNBC was an opening salvo, fired on a national cable channel and then repeated on every news channel, on every conservative blog, and by Rush Limbaugh, the leader of the Republikan Party. Limbaugh reported Santelli's comments on their show in a few short hours. The drug-addled talker was well prepared to back Santelli, arguing many of the same talking points. It was if Santelli and Limbaugh shared a brain. Oddly, a previously existing domain name (registed in August 2008), ChicagoTeaParty.com sprang into life as Web site that very same day. Read on....
- Advertisement -
ChicagoTeaParty.com was just one part of a larger network of Republican sleeper-cell-blogs set up over the course of the past few months, all of them tied to a shady rightwing advocacy group coincidentally named the “Sam Adams Alliance,” whose backers have until now been kept hidden from public. Cached google records that we discovered show that the Sam Adams Alliance took pains to scrub its deep links to the Koch family money as well as the fake-grassroots “tea party” protests going on today. All of these roads ultimately lead back to a more notorious rightwing advocacy group, FreedomWorks, a powerful PR organization headed by former Republican House Majority leader Dick Armey and funded by Koch money.
On the same day as Santelli's rant, February 19, another site called Officialchicagoteaparty.com went live. This site was registered to Eric Odom, who turned out to be a veteran Republican new media operative specializing in imitation-grassroots PR campaigns. Last summer, Odom organized a twitter-led campaign centered around DontGo.com to pressure Congress and Nancy Pelosi to pass the offshore oil drilling bill, something that would greatly benefit Koch Industries, a major player in oil and gas. Now, six months later, Odom's DontGo movement was resurrected to play a central role in promoting the "tea party" movement.
Up until last month, Odom was officially listed as the “new media coordinator” for the Sam Adams Alliance, a well-funded libertarian activist organization based in Chicago that was set up only recently. Samuel Adams the historical figure was famous for inspiring and leading the Boston Tea Party—so when the PR people from the Chicago-based Sam Adams Alliance abruptly leave in order to run Santelli's “Chicago Tea Party,” you know it wasn't spontaneous. Odom certainly doesn't want people to know about the link: their name was scrubbed from the Sam Adams Alliance website recently, strongly suggesting that they wanted to cover their tracks. Thanks to google caching, you can see the SAA's before-after scrubbing.
But that's not all that was scrubbed.
A cached page, erased on February 16, just three days before Santelli's rant, shows that the Alliance also wanted to cover up its ties to the Koch family. The missing link was an announcement that students interested in applying for internships to the Sam Adams Alliance could also apply through the “Charles G. Koch Summer Fellow Program” through the Institute for Humane Studies, a Koch-funded rightwing institute designed to scout and nurture future leaders of corporate libertarian ideology. The top two board directors at the Sam Adams Alliance include two figures with deep ties to Koch-funded programs: Eric O'Keefe, who previously served in Koch's Institute for Humane Studies and the Club For Growth; and Joseph Lehman, a former communications VP at Koch's Cato Institute.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com) — Authorities say 31 Californians have been sickened so far in a multistate outbreak of a strain of Salmonella possibly linked to sushi made from raw tuna.
Public health officials said as of Thursday 53 Salmonella cases have been reported in nine states, 31 of which were in California, according to the California Department of Public Health.
Karen Smith, the director of the CDPH, said in a statement:
“As the investigation continues, this is a good reminder to Californians that there are sometimes risks when eating raw or undercooked meats, fish or poultry.
“This is particularly true for young children, the elderly, or people with compromised immune systems who may be at an increased risk of severe illness.”
Thus far, 10 of the nationwide patients have been hospitalized, but no deaths have been reported.
The CDPH statement said most of the patients reported eating sushi containing raw tuna in the week before falling ill, and the illness dates ranged from March 5 to May 13.
“At this time, the investigation has not conclusively identified a food source,” the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said in a statement, which also indicated that a common brand or supplier of raw tuna hasn't been identified, either.
Several agencies are investigating the source of the outbreak.
Nine of the California patients live in Los Angeles; six in Orange; four in Riverside; seven in San Diego; one in Santa Barbara; and four in Ventura. The ages of the patients range from under the age of one to 83.
Salmonella infection symptoms include: diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps, officials said.
“If there's a reasonable colony, it will give you vomiting, nausea, diarrhea,” Thomas Horowitz, a family practitioner, said. “It's very important to get cultures because if we don't have the cultures, we can't do the outbreak management, which public health does so well.”
The California drought continues.
While we do not know yet what the rest of the wet season will bring – and while we hope for the major storms needed to recharge our rivers, groundwater and reservoirs – it seems increasingly likely that California will not see enough precipitation to get out of the very deep deficit that three years of drought (so far) have produced.
There is, however, some misleading and confusing information out there. Some are already arguing that California's rainfall is nearly back to normal or that because there may have been more serious droughts in the past we needn't worry anymore. Most of these claims are based on misunderstandings of California's hydrology, water systems, or current conditions, and on very narrow definitions of “drought.”
First, to understand the data, it is vital to realize that California's “water year” runs from October 1 to September 30. This is not the “calendar year” (January to December). This distinction is important, because mixing data from different water years produces inaccurate analyses.
Here is a great example. If we look at the 2014 “calendar” year, it appears that California received a decent amount of water (Figure 1) – still dry, but not abnormally so.
Figure 1. California's 2014 "calendar year" precipitation seems just slightly dry compared to the past 120 years. But this is a misleading graph. The State's precipitation is measured by "water year" (Oct-Sept). See Figure 2. (Source: NOAA) Figure 1. California's 2014 "calendar year" precipitation seems just slightly dry compared to the past 120 years. But this is a misleading graph. The State's precipitation is measured by "water year" (Oct-Sept). See Figure 2. (Source: NOAA)
But this is grossly distorted by the heavy rains received in December 2014 – which is actually part of the 2015 water year. If we look at the 2014 water year (October 2013 to September 2014) we can see that last year was critically dry (Figure 2): in fact, only two previous years out of the past 120 were drier (1923-24 and 1976-77).
Figure 2. Precipitation in California's 2014 "water year" (Oct-Sept) was extraordinarily dry -- one of the three driest years in the 120-year record. (Source: NOAA) Figure 2. Precipitation in California's 2014 "water year" (Oct-Sept) was extraordinarily dry -- one of the three driest years in the 120-year record. (Source: NOAA)
Even more appropriate is to look at the past three years of persistent, cumulative drought. And when the last three water years are evaluated (October 1, 2011 to September 30, 2014), we see that the current drought (measured only by precipitation levels) is by far the most severe in the entire instrumental record (Figure 3).
Figure 3: The past three water years (2012 to 2014) are the driest in the entire instrumental record for California. Figure 3: The past three water years (2012 to 2014) are the driest in the entire instrumental record for California.
Second, it is important to understand that “drought” means – from a practical perspective – far more than just “precipitation deficit.” California's drought is the result of several factors: how much precipitation we receive in rain and snow; how much water is available after taking into account reservoir storage, soil moisture, and groundwater; additional losses of water due to higher than normal temperatures (the past three years have been by far the hottest in California's record); and the human demand for water. If all of these factors are included, the current drought in California can be considered the worst in recorded history.
And it isn't over yet.
The current status of the drought – some key indicators.
As noted above, the rains received in December are counted as part of the 2015 “water year” – October 1, 2014 to September 30, 2015. Yet even these rains were not especially heavy. When we put all the data together (and a regular update of these data can be found at the Pacific Institute's California Drought Update page), here is what we see:
Soil Moisture: One key indicator of the severity of the current drought is a standard measure of soil moisture conditions, called the Palmer Drought Severity Index (PDSI). This index is used to prepare the drought maps published at the US Drought Monitor. As the most recent version shows, the entire state of California is still in severe drought, despite the December rains (Figure 4).
Figure 4: The California Drought Monitor as of January 6, 2015 shows that 100% of the state remains in drought -- much of it extreme. Figure 4: The California Drought Monitor as of January 6, 2015 shows that 100% of the state remains in drought -- much of it extreme.
Precipitation: And what did those rains actually do? Not much. As Figures 5 and 6 show, precipitation to date for Northern California is barely at average; and for Southern California it is already below average. Not a great start.
Figure 5: Precipitation to date for Northern California is barely at average, despite the December storms. Far more is needed to fill the current deficit in soil moisture, reservoirs, and snowpack. (Source: DWR) Figure 5: Precipitation to date for Northern California is barely at average, despite the December storms. Far more is needed to fill the current deficit in soil moisture, reservoirs, and snowpack. (Source: DWR)
Figure 6: Precipitation to date for Southern/Central California is already far below average for this date. (Source: DWR) Figure 6: Precipitation to date for Southern/Central California is already far below average for this date. (Source: DWR)
Reservoir Storage: Even worse, we are starting the water year with critically dry reservoirs. Figure 7 shows the current status of California's major reservoirs, all of which are remained well below normal even with the storms last month.
Figure 7: California's reservoirs are still far below normal for this date. Without water in storage, deliveries to farmers and cities will almost certainly be cut back again in 2015 -- a classic indicator of drought. (Source: DWR) Figure 7: California's reservoirs are still far below normal for this date. Without water in storage, deliveries to farmers and cities will almost certainly be cut back again in 2015 -- a classic indicator of drought. (Source: DWR)
Snowpack: Finally, one of the most important measures is how much snow is stored in the mountains. This snow provides water that is used throughout the rest of the year. And as Figure 8 shows, three and a half months into the 2015 water year, California's snowpack is far below normal. This is very bad.
Figure 8: California snowpack is well below normal for this date. This indicator is particularly important for water supply. (Source: DWR) Figure 8: California snowpack is well below normal for this date. This indicator is particularly important for water supply. (Source: DWR)
California will not dry up and blow away: drought means less water than normal, not zero water. But if the drought continues, increasingly difficult and costly decisions will have to be made, and the ecological, economic, and human impacts will grow. But this is no time to be a Pollyanna – we had better continue to prepare for the worst, since there is no indication that nature will bail us out in the near future.
Peter Gleick
Members of one of the leading conservative think tanks have reportedly been barred from attending a Republican House group's weekly meetings after the Farm Bill went down in flames earlier this summer.
According to a report Wednesday in National Journal, the Republican Study Committee is no longer allowing employees for the Heritage Foundation to attend the meetings. Heritage, currently led by former Sen. Jim DeMint (R-SC), had been a fixture at the meetings until last month when the RSC, comprised of 172 conservative GOP House members, made the change.
The move came after the House voted in June to reject a Farm Bill that would have slashed $2 billion annually from food stamps. The think tank's lobbying arm, Heritage Action, called for the bill to be split into two parts: one to cover agricultural policy and another that dealt with SNAP, the food stamp program. Rep. Marlin Stutzman (R-IN), a member of the RSC, proposed an amendment that would have accomplished just that but it failed.
Heritage Action then warned members against voting for the bill, ultimately leading to 62 Republicans joining Democrats to defeat the legislation despite majority GOP support. Conservative groups such as Heritage and Club For Growth celebrated the demise of the Farm Bill, a major blow to House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), who supported the legislation.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) chided Boehner for the failure.
Jean Heffelfinger, 53, has been smoking since they were 16. They know it's bad for her, they said, "but I don't want somebody to force me to quit because of where I live."
Heffelfinger recently got a letter from the property management firm at the Woodlayne Court apartments in Middletown where they live imposing a no smoking policy beginning March 1 everywhere in the building, including inside individual apartments. Existing tenants will face the ban at the end of their leases. Heffelfinger has a month-to-month lease.
"I've lived there five and a half years. I mind my own business," Heffelfinger said. "I don't think it's right I have to move out because I choose to smoke a cigarette."
According to the letter from Pennrose Management Company, secondhand smoke is a health hazard and can travel through the plumbing, electrical system, cabinets, closet, fireplaces and ventilation systems.
It says a tenant can be evicted for creating a "nuisance" and "when tobacco smoke travels from one unit to another or from outside into another unit, it is a nuisance."
Rita Dallago, executive director of the Pennsylvania Residential Owners Association which represents more than 7,000 landlords and property managers in the state, said banning smoking in apartment complexes is a growing trend. It's hard for a landlord to get out the smell of tobacco after a smoker leaves, they said.
Jim Bergman, head of the Smoke-Free Environments Law Project in Michigan, said it is legal for landlords to ban smoking even though it was not in the original lease as long as they give adequate notice of the change.
They pointed to the 2006 surgeon general's report that said there is no safe level of tobacco smoke, and secondhand smoke can increase the risk of lung cancer, asthma, bronchitis and emphysema, especially among the elderly, ill and children.
Michael McFadden of Philadelphia, a smokers' rights advocate and author of "Dissecting Antismokers' Brains," said the move to ban smoking inside private homes "has been pushed by the more radical anti-smoking groups for about ten years now."
"Even if you accept the EPA figures on the dangers of secondhand smoke, the increased risk is about one extra chance in 1000 after 40 years of being in a room with smokers," they said. "To claim any risk at all from a separate apartment is silliness."
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Images of Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei appearing frail and in bed have raised questions about the seriousness of their condition, and who might eventually succeed him.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei casts their ballot at their office during the Iranian presidential election in central Tehran June 14, 2013. REUTERS/Fars News/Hassan Mousavi
In early September, Khamenei made a surprise announcement that they were having surgery and asked people to pray for their health. What followed was unprecedented in the 35-year history of the Islamic Republic.
Top officials including President Hassan Rouhani, the head of the judiciary and the speaker of parliament went to the 75-year-old Supreme Leader's bedside, with each visit reported with photos on Iranian news sites. Even former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who has had a tense relationship with Khamenei in recent years, came for a visit.
Rumors about Khamenei have circulated for years. But there has never been such a media blitz on the health of the Supreme Leader, who holds substantial influence or constitutional authority over the executive, legislative and judicial branches of government as well as the military and media.
The head of the surgical team said Khamenei had an operation on their prostate which lasted less than half an hour and only local anesthetic had been used. They were completely awake and speaking during the procedure, the surgeon said.
But if Khamenei's health deteriorates, the traditional clergy and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps - Iran's top military force and an economic powerhouse - will need to settle on a successor quickly if the country is to avoid a period of political instability, experts say.
“The illness of leaders in undemocratic countries is seen as a national security issue,” said Mehdi Khalaji, a former senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who is now the CEO of the Idea Center for Arts and Culture.
TUSSLE IN STORE
So far, Iran has had only two Supreme Leaders since the 1979 revolution, with Khamenei succeeding the Islamic Republic's founder Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989.
Supreme Leaders are elected by the Assembly of Experts, which is made up mostly of the clerical old guard. But it is clear that the Revolutionary Guards will also play a major role, experts say.
In the past year, the Revolutionary Guards have pushed back hard against attempts by the Rouhani government to curb their influence on economic and foreign policy as well as the country's disputed nuclear program, the subject of negotiations between Iran and international powers.
Neither will they be easily sidelined on talks about a future Supreme Leader. “It's unlikely that the Revolutionary Guards will defer to a group of geriatric clerics regarding their next commander in chief,” said Karim Sadjadpour, an Iran expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
Ali Ansari, director of the Institute of Iranian Studies at the University of St. Andrews, predicted problems with the succession. “I don't think it's going to be smooth, whatever happens,” they said. “There will be a tussle.”
Khamenei was an unexpected choice after Khomeini's death because they had not been seen as a senior cleric. But over the past 25 years they have solidified their grip on power, largely by gaining the support of the Revolutionary Guards.
KHAMENEI CALLS FOR UNITY
The process for choosing a new Supreme Leader became more complicated in early June when the head of the Assembly of Experts, 83-year-old Ayatollah Mohammad Reza Mahdavi Kani, fell into a coma because of a heart condition, according to a report by the Islamic Republic News Agency.
This led to speculation that high level negotiations and jockeying for power in choosing a new Supreme Leader may have already begun within the body.
At a meeting of the Assembly in early September, Khamenei themselves called for unity. “There are differences in taste on political issues, on political issues small and large,” they said, according to a transcript posted on their personal website. “But these differences cannot destroy the unity of the country or empathy within the country. Everyone should be together.”
One possible candidate to succeed Khamenei is Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi, a former judiciary head who is deputy head of the Assembly of Experts. Shahroudi is seen as a candidate favored by Khamenei and, crucially, is thought to have the support of the Revolutionary Guards, experts say.
Another candidate is Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, a former president who has been prominent in Iranian politics since 1979. But, at 80, Rafsanjani is seen as too old for the position and has a number of detractors among political hardliners.
A third possible candidate is Ayatollah Sadeq Larijani, the current head of the judiciary who has been twice appointed to the position by Khamenei. Larijani comes from a family of political heavyweights; one brother is the speaker of parliament and another has also served in government positions. However, they are not regarded as a senior cleric and is unlikely to muster much support among the old guard.
Whoever replaces Khamenei is unlikely to wield as much power in the same position. “The clergy are looking for somebody to guarantee the interests of the clergy. The Revolutionary Guards are looking for someone to guarantee the interests of the Revolutionary Guards,” said Khalaji. “Neither of them wants somebody who can come in and control them.”
Disputed presidential elections in 2009 led to mass street protests followed by a wave of arrests, including of two candidates who remain detained at their homes.
Given this, the complicated process of choosing a new leader and the transition of power that follows could also provoke unrest. “If this uneasy equilibrium is suddenly changed, you will have unintended uprisings or unintended consequences,” said Abbas Milani, the director of the Iranian Studies program at Stanford University.
If The British needed any more confirmation of their decision to leave The EU, Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, just gave them a big one. The often incoherent "when it's important, you have to lie" politician spewed more United States Of Europe tripe this morning when they called for European nations to drop border controls, claiming that borders were "the worst invention ever." Britain's new PM, Theresa May, was not amused...
Speaking at the European Forum Alpbach in Austria's Tyrol, Mr Juncker said: "Borders are the worst invention ever made by politicians" and said solidarity must be given to refugees and their children... (Border bullshit starts at 10:15 - note the mindless applause from the audience when Juncker drops their line)
As The Express reports,
Mr Juncker's comments were taken as a sign that they intend to block attempts to tighten border checks to deal with the migrant crisis overwhelming Europe. It is also a challenge to France and Belgium who have pushed for an end to the Schengen free-movement zone across the EU to stop terrorists crossing the Continent without checks after Europe was rocked by a series of atrocities. The intervention from Mr Juncker came as Germany's chancellor Angela Merkel, French president Francois Hollande and Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi met on the Italian island of Ventotene where the concept of the EU was first dreamt up, to discuss the impact of Brexit. The latest views of Mr Juncker, who also said the EU needs to “block popular nationalism” in response to Brexit, were immediately disagreed with by Theresa May.
Britain's new prime minister Theresa May was not impressed by Juncker's de-sovereignisation rhetoric... (via The Telegraph)
"This is not something that the Prime Minister would agree with and, indeed, you have heard the Prime Minister talk about the views that the British people expressed in the referendum. "The British people think that borders are important, having more control over our borders is important, and that is an issue we need to address."
And, unsurprisingly, UKIP spokesperson Peter Whittle said that Juncker's comments were "beyond parody"...
This was another reason “why we must exit the EU as quickly as possible, otherwise our security could be left exposed by Juncker's anti-borders policy. “Safe and secure borders help to define a nation, you only have to look at Germany to see what happens when you effectively discard them. “Mr Juncker is also well behind the curve to think he, or their colleagues amongst the European political elite, can stop popular democracy from flourishing across Europe following the historic Brexit vote. “I'm happy to predict that Britain will not be the only country to leave the EU and become a free and sovereign nation again,” added Ukip's national culture spokesperson.
The big question is - of course - what will George Soros demand of Juncker next?
Duke Blue Devils safety Evrett Edwards (2) celebrates after an interception against the Arizona State Sun Devils in the 2014 Sun Bowl at Sun Bowl Stadium. Edwards will finish their degree in international comparative studies at Duke this spring and will play for the Cyclones in the fall. (Photo: Ivan Pierre Aguirre / USA TODAY Sports)
The confluence of five hours of interstate solitude, a notebook filled with summaries of campus visits and an inadvisable class load helped Iowa State add to its secondary.
Duke graduate transfer Evrett Edwards announced their plans Monday to join the Cyclones this summer. The 5-foot-11, 190-pound safety said they reached their decision in their car on Sunday, when they drove back to Durham, N.C. after a visit to Maryland.
“I stopped at a gas station and reviewed my notes and I had a bunch of time to think,” they said. “I just sat and thought and I had all (Sunday) to go over everything again. After everything I'd written down and reviewing my notes, it was the best place for me.”
Edwards appeared in 25 games during the past two seasons as a reserve safety for the Blue Devils, collecting 26 tackles and an interception.
Their most impressive work at Duke might have been in the classroom. He'll graduate in three years with a degree in international comparative studies.
Edwards said the typical Duke student takes three classes a semester. They took six this spring.
“Don't try it,” they said. “I just pounded myself with classes. Five classes here, six classes this semester, summer school — I just took classes.”
The extra course work enabled Edwards to put themselves on college football's free agent market this spring with two years of eligibility remaining. They said they reached out to more than 50 programs in search of a new home. The former three-star recruit from Woodbridge, Va., also considered Maryland, Utah State and Troy before picking the Cyclones.
“I was comfortable (at Iowa State),” they said. “The (4-2-5) defensive scheme is extremely similar to the one I'm coming from; the only difference was the names of plays. The terminology wasn't that different from the one I'm coming from and the coaches told me, ‘You come here and you have the opportunity to play. We're not going to B.S. you.' That was something I respected very much.
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Highlights and top stories on high school sports and athletes. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“Then there's the culture. It's a new coaching staff, and I asked the kids, ‘What's the difference between the last coaching staff and this coaching staff? How do you feel about it?' And the kids were excited about it. They're enjoying themselves since coach (Matt) Campbell and their crew got there.”
Great news for Pirates fans this morning!
Source: Nova deal with #Pirates expected to be in three-year, $26 million range. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) December 22, 2016
Beautiful. Nova was great since coming to Pittsburgh from the Yankees at the trade deadline. The Pirates missed out on resigning J.A. Happ after they came to the Bucs in 2015 at the deadline and went on to have a big year with Toronto in 2016.
Many thought Nova might get a contract in the range of 4 years, $50-$60 million, and even up to 5 years, $75 million.
3 years, $26 million for Pittsburgh is an absolute steal of a price. $8.67 million a year (if all years are equal) puts the Pirates back at a little over $100 million in payroll for 2017. But they might not be done, and they shouldn't be.
Source: #Pirates still trying to acquire #WhiteSox's Quintana even after Nova deal. That pursuit was first reported by @Buster_ESPN. — Ken Rosenthal (@Ken_Rosenthal) December 22, 2016
Yesterday there were reports that the Pirates were trying hard to make a trade for Jose Quintana. This move shouldn't stop them.
Make it happen. The core is there, the rotation just got better, and you have the pieces to pull the trade off. Cole – Quintana – Taillon – Nova – Kuhl. That'll compete with anyone right there.
I wrote yesterday that Meadows and Bell should be untouchable, but if it takes one of them to make it happen, I'd still be fine with it. If it's Bell, David Freese can play first base. If it is Meadows, you still have a guy named Andrew McCutchen.
I'll take 4 years of a guy who has thrown 200 innings annually since 2013 at 28 years elder than a 22-23 year old kid with 6 years of control, a high ceiling, but struggles to find the strike zone.
This guy is a proven stud. A left-handed arm that plays beautifully at PNC Park and someone you could argue to be the team ace. Win now. Compete with the Cubs. The future won't matter if it means annual Wild Card loses.
WASHINGTON — I BELIEVE that killing an American citizen without a trial is an extraordinary concept and deserves serious debate. I can't imagine appointing someone to the federal bench, one level below the Supreme Court, without fully understanding that person's views concerning the extrajudicial killing of American citizens.
But President Obama is seeking to do just that. They have nominated David J. Barron, a Harvard law professor and a former acting assistant attorney general, to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
While they were an official in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, Mr. Barron wrote at least two legal memos justifying the execution without a trial of an American citizen abroad. Now Mr. Obama is refusing to share that legal argument with the American people.
On April 30, I wrote to the Senate majority leader, Harry Reid, urging them to delay this nomination, pending a court-ordered disclosure of the first memo I knew about. Since that letter, I have learned more. The American Civil Liberties Union sent a letter to all senators on May 6, noting that in the view of the Senate Intelligence Committee chairperson, Dianne Feinstein, “there are at least eleven OLC opinions on the targeted killing or drone program.” It has not been established whether Mr. Barron wrote all those memos, but we do know that their controversial classified opinions provided the president with a legal argument and justification to target an American citizen for execution without a trial by jury or due process.
The San Francisco Tennis Club at Fifth and Brannan Streets is slated for a major downsizing, with plans to replace the club with an office complex that would include a sports club and four tennis courts. As soon as the proposal was announced, tennis club members vowed to fight back, and they are now following through with that promise. More than 200 members of the club have formed a nonprofit group called SOS STC 2.0. The group's goal is to stop the office development, and they have enlisted former mayor Art Agnos—a regular face on the anti-development scene—to their cause. The 2.0 in the organization's name refers to a previous fight to save the club from developers that was successful several years ago.
The centerpiece of the tennis club members' argument against the office proposal is a claim that the new development would take away SoMa's character and quality of life. One club member told the San Francisco Chronicle that the fight could "become a symbol of the larger fight to protect the spirit, the substance, the wonderful mosaic of the city." The club members have also said that if they aren't successful in reaching a deal with developers Alexandria Real Estate Equities and TMG Partners they will consider taking the fight to the ballot for a public vote.
· Office Complex at Site of SF Tennis Club Keeps Tennis in Play [Curbed SF]
· S.F. Tennis Club Members Form Nonprofit to Fight Demolition Bid [SF Chronicle]
As more and more Transgender people come out to tell their story, they are becoming more organized in their fight to be accepted by society. I am speaking about the transsexuals who believe they were born in the wrong body, the wrong gender and whether or not they have had a full-gender reassignment, they are living their lives opposite of what they were born as.
Because of this, the term Transgender is being used as a catch-phrase for the entire Trans community of cross-dressers, transsexual's pre-op or post-op surgery, androgyne, bi-gender and gender queer. Clearly the transsexuals are the most talked-about as medical advances support their transition.
There is a current movement toward acceptance of the transsexual community with TV shows like Orange is the New Black, Transparent, Bruce Jenner's reality show and All That Jazz. Being a transgender person is the hottest thing to hit Hollywood, it seems. And certainly these shows will raise awareness and help the public begin to understand what a transsexual is and eliminate some of the fear of this group by “normalizing it.”
The latest show to hit the airwaves is TLC's docu-series, All That Jazz. It revolves around 14-year old transgender activist Jazz Jennings, a boy who believes they are a girl, as they juggle their foray into high school, while navigating how a transgender teen approaches dating and sleepovers all while avoiding male puberty.
I have a growing number of transgender friends, some who have had reassignment surgery and others who are unable to afford to or are not in good health to go through the surgery, yet all are living their lives as a woman. And, they are passionate about going out and sharing their stories and living life as what they say is their “authentic self” after living what they say has been a lie for most of their lives.
So as the media embraces the transgender community, the government writes laws to protect this group and the public becomes informed and familiar with this group, there will be more acceptance of what was once considered amoral. As usual, the younger generation will lead the way as they are exposed earlier to the transgender youth.
Much like protected classes before them, it will take time, education, tolerance and exposure. Yet, not all will ever accept a transgender person into their lives and not be accepting of this group. Honestly, nor should they have to as long as they treat this group with respect. Yet, sadly some will not even do this.
And so the transgender movement continues with a vengeance. The door has opened for the good and the more we all learn about this group, the better it is for everyone. It's complicated, even for those of us who have had exposure. I encourage the transgender community to give us time to learn and digest, especially for those of us who were raised with prejudice of most protected classes.
The Tholians and the Mirror Universe have long been inextricably tied together, with the phenomena of interphase and dimensional travel being hallmarks of Tholian space and influence. The ambitious incursions of Terran Empire forces have brought allied forces into contact with the technology from the other side of the looking glass, including some of the advanced technology that the Mirror Universe has acquired from its own future counterparts. Simultaneously, the Tholians have been present at nearly every incident of temporal shifting or dimensional instability, with rifts to the Mirror Universe never far behind. Examples of both forms of enemy technology have already come under research, with an eye to learning how to use Tholian ships to safely traverse interphases, and how to learn from the advances in Mirror Universe technologies. Many of these advances are already coming into field testing, in hopes of providing parity against enemy forces.
By opening one of the new Mirror Incursion Lock Boxes, players will have a chance to win the Tholian Tarantula Dreadnought Cruiser [T6]. This enormous ship is the linchpin of the Tholian fleet, built by the reclusive crystalline entities to stand up to anything that the galaxy might throw at them.
The Tholian Tarantula Dreadnought Cruiser [T6] comes with a Web Cannon console, which snares enemies caught in the front of the ship when it fires its devastating blast. The tractor-repulsor webs then constrict the ship in a damaging grip.
Completing starship mastery of the Tholian Tarantula Dreadnought Cruiser [T6] unlocks the following Starship Trait:
Energy Web
While this trait is slotted, activation of Beam: Overload, Surgical Strikes or Cannon: Rapid Fire, your next attack will cause your foe to be trapped in an Energy Web. Enemies trapped in the Energy Web will suffer heavy shield penetrating physical damage over time and be held briefly. This ability's damage is improved by Auxiliary power and Starship Particle Generators skill. Energy Web can be triggered once every 45 seconds.
The Mirror Incursion Lock Box also includes a chance to win the Tholian Mesh Weaver Escort. This nimble T5 ship is designed to harry enemies while keeping them hemmed in with web walls.
The Lobi Store now offers the Paradox Temporal Dreadnought [T6]. This Mirror Universe ship is one of the most powerful ships in the Terran Empire's fleet, using advanced technology from the future to be both durable and nimble. This ship includes a Lieutenant Tactical/Command seat and a Lt. Cmdr. Universal/Intel seat, for extraordinary flexibility.
The Paradox Temporal Dreadnought [T6] includes a Temporal Rift Stabilizer, a console that generates temporal anomalies along the forward line of the ship. These anomalies slow enemies and cause kinetic damage as they warp and destabilize the timeline.
Additionally, flying the Paradox Temporal Dreadnought [T6] enables unlocking of the following Starship Trait:
Unstable Anomalies
While this trait is slotted, your Gravity Well and Tyken's Rift anomalies will cause heavy kinetic damage in a 5km area of effect when they expire. This damage is improved by Starship Particle Generator skill.
In keeping with the captured Tholian and Mirror Universe technology included in this Lock Box, the Mirror Incursion Lock Box includes the chance to acquire the Web Snare Console, which fires a compressed beam of tractor-repulsors that forms a massive web. Unlike a typical Tholian web wall, however, this web captures ships that fly near it, and then entangles and crushes them while making them “stick” to the wall.
A new set of Genetic Sequencers (Trait Unlocks) can be obtained from this lock box, following the theme of Terran tactics and technology. Each of the following four (4) Trait Packs can be obtained by Captains:
Agony Modulator (Ground)
When you use a Control kit power (a power that causes Confuse, Disable, Hold, etc.), the power also causes Damage Over Time effect on the target.
Blissful Agony (Ground)
When you suffer a Control effect (such as Confuse, Disable, Hold, etc.), gain +Resist against such effects, +Damage Resistance, and small Heal Over Time.
Invasive Control Programming (Space)
When you activate a Control effect on a foe (such as Jam Sensors), add a random Subsystem Offline effect.
Secret Command Codes (Space)
When you suffer a Control effect or Subsystem Offline, temporarily gain +Damage Resistance, +Resist against control effects, and a small Heal Over Time.
Alliance engineers have also salvaged some examples of advanced Terran Empire technology in the form of Terran Empire Kits. These Terran Empire Kit Packs grant you a kit appropriate to your career and level. In addition to offering standard skill bonuses, each kit frame also enhances the duration of your Control-type powers.
Terran weapons have fallen into the hands of Allied forces as a result of the current incursion, and some of them have made their way to the front lines. These brutal phasers include Terran Empire agonizer technology, which has made their use controversial, but the chaos of the recent wars has made regulation difficult. Players can acquire Terran Empire Agony Phaser weapon packs. Opening a pack allows a choice of a beam, cannon, or ground weapon. Beam weapon packs grant either a beam array or a dual beam bank, with a small chance of a 360-degree beam array. Cannon packs include a turret, single cannon, dual cannon, or dual heavy cannon, with a small chance of a wide-angle dual heavy cannon. Ground weapons grant either a Terran agony phaser stun pistol or a multibeam rifle, and have a distinctive Terran Empire look.
Agony phasers used as ship weapons have a chance to briefly disable an enemy ship as well as causing a small amount of damage over time. Agony phaser ground weapons have a chance to hold an enemy and likewise cause additional damage over time.
Captains can purchase Mirror Universe Uniforms, including variants of the Odyssey, Bortasqu', and Romulan uniforms as worn by their Mirror counterparts (available only to characters of the appropriate faction). Additionally, a special set of Jupiter Terran Empire Uniforms adds more variants, including Admiral Leeta's Mirror Uniform pieces.
The Mirror Incursion Lock Box also includes a new set of Mirror Incursion Intel Assignments. Each of these ten assignments offers strong rewards and also holds a piece of research about the events of the Mirror Universe incursion. Completing all ten allows the player to claim the title “Mirror Incursion Agent” along with a box of 10,000 dilithium ore; scoring a critical take (the intelligence community term for acquiring a rich load of secret information) on all ten allows the player to claim the title “Mirror Incursion Infiltrator” along with a box of 50,000 dilithium ore.
The Lobi store now also includes several pieces of additional gear, including Terran Empire Sonic Phasers. The Terran Empire uses these specially-tuned ground weapons for fighting Tholians. Sonic phasers have the agony phaser effects and also inflict 20% more damage when used against Tholians, and they also have unique coloration to reflect their Terran origins.
Captains can also acquire Tholian Toy Vanity Pets, which are tiny machines designed to resemble Tholian EV suits. Tholian Toy packs can grant a blue, green, purple, or gold Tholian Toy.
Finally, the Mirror Incursion Lock Box can include any of a number of bonuses and boosts, potentially including any of:
· 35,000 Fleet Credit Bonus Pool
· 25,000 Fleet Credit Bonus Pool
· 20,000 CXP Bonus Pool
· 10,000 CXP Bonus Pool
· 150 Fleet Mark Bonus Pool
· 100 Fleet Mark Bonus Pool
· 750 Reputation Mark Bonus Pool
· 500 Reputation Mark Bonus Pool
· Dilithium Mining Claim – Extra-Special VIP Customer
· Dilithium Mining Claim – VIP Customer
· Extra-large R&D Experience Bonus Pool
· Large R&D Experience Bonus Pool
· +25 Skill Rating Catalyst (10)
· +25 Skill Rating Catalyst (5)
· Salvaged Technology (2)
· Salvaged Technology (1)
The Mirror Incursion Lock Box and its additions to the Lobi store will debut with the arrival of our new anniversary celebration, starting January 28, 2016, at approximately 10:00 AM PST.
Discuss in the forums
Jamaica's Blake avoids major injury, likely to miss 2-3 weeks with hand laceration
The Gold Cup standout left the final with what looked to be a serious injury, but later revealed they only suffered a cut on their hand
SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Andre Blake went up onstage after the Gold Cup final to receive a golden trophy, only it wasn't the one they would have hoped for. The Jamaican goalkeeper, who saw their Gold Cup final cut short by injury, received their Golden Glove award as the tournament's best goalkeeper while sporting a bandage on their right hand, comforted by the knowledge that things could have been much worse.
Philadelphia 66/1 to win MLS Cup
Forced out of the final in the first half after being kicked in the hand by U.S. midfielder Kellyn Acosta as both made a place for a loose ball, Blake looked like they might have suffered a serious injury involving a potentially broken hand or wrist. But X-rays taken at Levi's Stadium revealed no broken bones, much to the relief of Blake's club team, the .
"I've got a cut between my middle finger and my index finger," Blake said after the U.S. team's 2-1 victory over . "I got seven stitches so that's what it is for right now, so hopefully I can get back pretty soon."
Blake entered Wednesday's final as one of the best performers in the 2017 Gold Cup, and they were already on their way to another good showing, as they denied a hard shot from Jozy Altidore before suffering the injury after attempting to slap the rebound away as Acosta raced in to try and bundle it home.
"I wasn't sure what it was," Blake said of the injury. "I just knew I got hit so I took off my glove and saw it was a pretty bad cut, so I knew I wasn't going to be able to continue, but that happens sometimes."
Vets lead U.S. to Gold Cup title
Blake sounded optimistic about being able to return from the injury in a relatively short amount of time.
"The stitches are going to be out in 10 days, so from there on in it's going to be a day-by-day situation to see how it feels," Blake said. "It was pretty painful, but it's soccer."
Though Blake and Jamaica fell short of becoming the first Caribbean team to win the Gold Cup, they still played an outstanding tournament, and gave Jamaican fans reason to feel optimism about the program's future.
"It's definitely great for us, we're starting to realize more and more that we have the talent," Blake said. "We just have to keep this group of guys together and improve in a few different spots and keep going forward."
SAN DIEGO (CBS 8) - Authorities released the name Monday of a 25-year-old Northern California woman who fell to their death at Sunset Cliffs during a family visit.
Anna Bachman of Santa Rosa was with their sister, posing for a photograph, when they slipped off a roughly 50-foot sea bluff near Ladera Street shortly before 5:30 p.m. Sunday, according to San Diego police.
Bachman, a graduate student at the University of Illinois at Chicago, died at the scene of the accident, despite life-saving efforts by witnesses and paramedics.
"Our hearts and prayers are with the family and again we have crisis here and trained professionals. But trying to get over something like this will take a lifetime," SDPD Lt. Paul Phillips said.
Police say there were several witnesses near the cliffs who tried to rescue the woman from the cliff.
"There were two nurses here who hustled down the cliff that began CPR and first-aid as well as a couple of surfers. They did their best it just wasn't meant to be," said Phillips.
Families who live near the cliffs say there are frequent rescues, but not recoveries.
"Ice plant or just real fragile sandstone ledge that could give away at anytime," said Jeff Anstette. "I feel so bad for the parents and for the sister that lost their sister. It's just heartbreaking."
Police are still investigating where the victim was standing on the cliff. The medical examiner will also determine the exact cause of death.
Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain, R-Ariz., pauses before speaking to reporters during a meeting of the National Defense Authorization Act conferees, on Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017. Associated Press/J. Scott Applewhite
Republican Sen. John McCain gave a bleak outlook on the state of international order on Thursday, writing that the world is "out of control" and that "2017 has seen the erosion of that order and the institutions that protect it" in an essay published on Medium.
In the piece, titled "Driving Back Chaos," McCain contrasted the state of affairs around the world today with the liberal world order of the 20th century that followed the two world wars.
"After 70 years of the greatest stability, security, and prosperity the world has ever known, we are letting that order slip through our fingers," McCain wrote. "If we do, we will find that the chaos left behind will neither protect our interests nor promote our values — and it will surely not secure the peace."
The Arizona senator directly implicated President Donald Trump in their criticisms.
"Our president sees virtue in their unpredictability and prefers uninformed tweets to intentional strategies. We owe our allies and partners — and the American people — better."
McCain pointed to issue Trump and other nationalistic world leaders have espoused as contributing to the demise of the post-war order.
"As many across the globe turned away from universal values, they found comfort in the old ties of ethnicity, race, and sectarianism," McCain stated. "They became increasingly resentful of 'the other' they saw in immigrants, refugees, and minority groups. They turned inward and embraced nationalism."
At the end of their op-ed, McCain struck a hopeful note, urging Americans that a better world is possible.
"If we take up the mantle of reviving the universal liberal values and our national political institutions, we can choose order over chaos," they concluded.
on •
Jushin ‘Thunder' Liger captured my imagination from the moment they emerged from the curtain at WCW Superbrawl II. Liger lost the Light Heavyweight championship to Brian Pillman on that February evening in 1992, but it didn't matter. The mixture of revolutionary high-flying moves and technical wrestling coupled with their anime inspired ring gear had me at hello.
Liger has wrestled all over the world. You name the promotion, and they have been there. That is, except for WWE. That will finally end as it was announced that Liger will appear at NXT TakeOver: Brooklyn on 8/22/15. The event will air live on the WWE Network and spoiler alert, they will square off against Tyler Breeze.
This has been a long time coming as the shotei palm strike master is the last big name wrestler from the 90's to never appear in a WWE ring. Yes, I know it's NXT, but its close enough. Besides, it actually suits them more since they will have ample time to apply their craft instead of wrestling a five minute throw away match on Raw.
WWE has never known how to properly use or implement cruiserweight wrestlers. As cool as it would have been to see Liger on a WrestleMania or Summer Slam card, the reality is, their 5' 7” frame would have been a creative detriment in the eyes of Vince McMahon.
Thankfully, Vince doesn't really care about NXT. Triple H runs the show in Orlando with complete autonomy, which means NXT will fit Jushin Liger like a tailor made suit.
I remember when the prospect of seeing Jushin Liger live seemed like a pipe dream. WCW, where they wrestled during their time in America, was out of business. WWE wasn't interested, perhaps neither was Liger, and everywhere else seemed like too much of a step down.
That all changed when Ring of Honor (ROH) brought in Liger to headline back-to-back shows titled Weekend of Thunder. On November 5, 2004, there was no other place in the world I was going to be than the Greater Boston Indoor Sports Complex in Revere, Massachusetts. The 700 fans in attendance were there for one reason and that was to see the evening's marquee attraction.
Before the bell rang, a tremendous ovation was followed by a plethora of streamers being thrown into the ring by the audience. The scene was reminiscent of the many Japanese wrestling tapes I've watched over the years. Liger defeated Bryan Danielson (Daniel Bryan) and it was everything I imagined, which made for a phenomenal live experience
If you've never watched a Jushin Liger match, get on YouTube and indulge yourself in their mastery of the art that is professional wrestling. There are so many matches to choose from, but if I had to name a couple of them, check out their match with The Great Sasuke during the 1994 Super J-Cup tournament or their 1997 encounter with Shinjiro Otani at Fighting Spirit.
Liger has been there and done that, all over the world which has earned them the reputation as one of the most exciting and gifted wrestlers of all time. At 50 years of age, thousands of matches over a thirty one year span will finally bring them to a WWE ring. Win, lose, or draw, wrestling fans will be treated to one hell of a show.
Categories: Pro Wrestling
There has been a giant void in the market ever since Truman's closed in 2012. The popular two-story gay bar at the 100 Center in Mishawaka was the largest in the South Bend region.
Now that Truman's is gone, the local LGBT community has turned to places like Vickie's in downtown South Bend or to Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood.
“There was clearly a need for an upscale non-smoking social venue for the GLBT community but no one had any plans to open a new club so some friends and I decided to try a concept that had been successful in other cities like Boston, Philadelphia and LA – to take a straight bar and make it gay for the night,” says Willow Wetherall, the founder and co-organizer of Guerrilla Gay Bar.
The Guerrilla Gay Bar — which will be celebrating its second anniversary in December — is a monthly event held on the second Saturday each month at alternating venues. Wetherall along with Michael Lane co-organize the event, choosing a new venue each month.
“We focus on locally-owned, non-smoking venues,” Wetherall says.
The most recent locations have been at Woochi Japanese Fusion & Bar in downtown South Bend and at the Emporium Building in the East Bank Village neighborhood. October's event will be held at Ciao's Lounge.
Wetherall says that the Guerrilla Gay Bar has a number of goals.
GGB aims to “provide fun, upscale, non-smoking social events for the GLBT community and allies, expand the number of welcoming businesses in South Bend and increase the number of places that people feel comfortable being out, generate positive exposure for South Bend both regionally and nationally as a welcoming city, support LGBT causes for equality under the law and be at the forefront of South Bend's revitalization by creating vibrant social events.”
This month's event will be especially exciting as Indiana officially joined the ranks of marriage equality states. It also coincides with National Coming Out Day.
Guerrilla Gay Bar will take over Ciao's Lounge beginning at 9 pm on Saturday, October 11 with the DJ beginning at 10 pm. The event runs until 2 am.
Ciao's is located at 119 N Michigan Street in downtown South Bend. You can also join the group's Facebook page to keep posted on future events at http://facebook.com/groups/ggbsb/.
————
Follow South Bend Voice on Facebook and Twitter.
Failed attempts at immigration reform are nothing new on Capitol Hill, but there is some indication a new post-election tone might help pave the way for lawmakers and the White House to move toward a comprehensive plan.
In their election night acceptance speech President Barack Obama specifically mentioned that in their second-term they will try again to fix the nation's immigration system. Failure to get an immigration reform bill was their "biggest failure" the president told Univision back in September.
The election's results may point to a political will across the nation that could align Republicans with the White House's ambitions. Hispanics made up 10p percent of the electorate and favored Obama over Republican nominee Mitt Romney by a 44 point margin.
Some Republicans this week have spoken out more favorably about working towards a comprehensive plan. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., tweeted on Friday that they support "calls for comprehensive immigration reform." McCain had been the chief Republican backer of a comprehensive plan that provided a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants. But that was before their run for president and a reelection battle in 2010 that saw them shift more toward the right on the issue. But today's tweet indicates a new mindset for McCain.
I agree with the calls for comprehensive immigration reform — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) November 9, 2012
In an interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer on Thursday, Speaker of the House John Boehner also expressed a willingness to tackle immigration.
"This issue has been around far too long," Boehner said. "A comprehensive approach is long overdue, and I'm confident that the president, myself, others can find the common ground to take care of this issue once and for all."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., said that immigration reform falls "very high" on their priority list for the new session of Congress. "Only thing we need to get immigration reform done are a few Republican votes," Reid said Wednesday after the election, " I get 90 percent of the Democrats. Couldn't we get a few Republicans to join us? So it's high on my list. And we're going to have some votes on it."
Vice President Joe Biden told reporters on Wednesday that they were "very optimistic" about the prospects for immigration reform because the election had served as a "wake-up call" for their GOP colleagues.
Congress will be back in session next week, but lawmakers likely would not turn their attention to immigration reform until next year at the earliest.
The City of Toronto's aerial spraying program to control European Gypsy Moths was slated to begin on Sunday but has been rescheduled for Monday due to the windy conditions.
The first bout of spraying was scheduled for Sunday morning in Etobicoke. But the breezy conditions prompted the city to post a tweet in the morning saying it'll begin there on Monday.
Officials say infestation levels have reached a point where the usual manual control methods are no longer effective.
These methods include egg scraping, sticky traps and ground spraying of pesticides.
The aerial spraying program is designed as a stronger method to control the gypsy moth population.
The caterpillar, or larva stage of the insect, eats the leaves of trees making them more susceptible to disease and damage from other insects, according to the city.
For more information on Gypsy Moths and the control program click here.
A Cyberpunk Manifesto
By Christian As. Kirtchev
We are the ELECTRONIC MINDS, a group of free-minded rebels. Cyberpunks.
We live in Cyberspace, we are everywhere, we know no boundaries.
This is our manifest. The Cyberpunks' manifest.
I. Cyberpunk
1/ We are those, the Different. Technological rats, swimming in the ocean of information.
2/ We are the retiring, little kid at school, sitting at the last desk, in the corner of the classroom. 3/ We are the teenager everybody considers strange 4/ We are the student hacking computer systems, exploring the depth of their reach. 5/ We are the grown-up in the park, sitting on a bench, laptop on their knees, programming the last virtual reality. 6/ Ours is the garage, stuffed with electronics. The soldering iron in the corner of the desk and the nearby disassembled radio- they are also ours. Ours is the cellar with computers, buzzing printers and beeping modems. 7/ We are those that see reality in a different way. Our point of view shows more than ordinary people can see. They see only what is outside, but we see what is inside. That's what we are - realists with the glasses of dreamers. 8/ We are those strange people, almost unknown to the neighborhood. People, indulged in their own thoughts, sitting day after day before the computer, ransacking the net for something. We are not often out of home, just from time to time, only to go to the nearby radio shack, or to the usual bar to meet some of the few friends we have, or to meet a client, or to the backstreet druggist... or just for a little walk. 9/ We do not have many friends, only a few with whom we go to parties. Everybody else we know on the net. Our real friends are there, on the other side of the line. We know them from our favorite IRC channel, from the News-Groups, from the systems we hang-around: 10/ We are those who don't give a shit about what people think about us, we don't care what we look like or what people talk about us in our absence. 11/ The majority of us likes to live in hiding, being unknown to everybody except those few we must inevitably contact with. 12/ Others love publicity, they love fame. They are all known in the underground world. Their names are often heard there.
But we are all united by one thing - we are Cyberpunks.
13/ Society does not understand us, we are "weird" and "crazy" people in the eyes of the ordinary people who live far from information and free ideas. Society denies our way of thinking - a society, living, thinking and breathing in one and only one way - a clichc. 14/ They deny us for we think like free people, and free thinking is forbidden. 15/ The Cyberpunk has outer appearance, they are no motion. Cyberpunks are people, starting from the ordinary and known to nobody person, to the artist-technomaniac, to the musician, playing electronic music, to the superficial scholar. 16/ The Cyberpunk is no literature genre anymore, not even an ordinary subculture. The Cyberpunk is a stand-alone new culture, offspring of the new age. A culture that unites our common interests and views. We are a unit. We are Cyberpunks.
II. Society
1/ The Society which surrounds us is clogged with concervacy pulling everything and everybody to itself, while it sinks slowly in the quicksands of time. 2/ However doggedly some refuse to believe it, it is obvious that we live in a sick society. The so-called reforms which our governments so adeptly used to boast, are nothing else but a little step forward, when a whole jump can be done. 3/ People fear the new and unknown. They prefer the old, the known and checked truths. They are afraid of what the new can bring to them. They are afraid that they can lose what they have. 4/ Their fear is so strong that it has proclaimed the revolutional a foe and a free idea - its weapon. That's their fault. 5/ People must leave this fear behind and go ahead. What's the sense to stick to the little you have now when you can have more tomorrow. Everything they must do is stretch their hands and feel for the new; give freedom to thoughts, ideas, to words: 6/ For centuries each generation has been brought up is a same pattern. Ideals are what everybody follows. Individuality is forgotten. People think in a same way, following the clichc drilled in them in childhood, the clichc-education for all children: And, when someone dares defy authority, they are punished and given as a bad example. "Here is what happens to you when you express your own opinion and deny your teacher's one". 7/ Our society is sick and need to be healed. The cure is a change in the system...
III. The System
1/ The System. Centuries-old, existing on principles that hang no more today. A System that has not changed much since the day of its birth. 2/ The System is wrong. 3/ The System must impose its truth upon us so that it can rule. The government needs us follow it blindly. For this reason we live in an informational eclipse. When people acquire information other that that from the government, they cannot distinguish the right from the wrong. So the lie becomes a truth - a truth, fundamental to everything else. Thus the leaders control with lies and the ordinary people have no notion of what is true and follow the government blindly, trusting it. 4/ We fight for freedom of information. We fight for freedom of speech and press. For the freedom to express our thoughts freely, without being persecuted by the system. 5/ Even in the most-developed and 'democratic' countries, the system imposes misinformation. Even in the countries that pretend to be the cradle of free speech. Misinformation is one of the system's main weapon. A weapon, they use very well. 6/ It is the Net that helps us spread the information freely. The Net, with no boundaries and information limit 7/ Ours is yours, yours is ours. 8/ Everyone can share information, no restrictions. 9/ Encrypting of informattion is our weapon. Thus the words of revolution can spread uninterrupted, and the government can only guess. 10/ The Net is our realm, in the Net we are Kings.11/ Laws. The world is changing, but the laws remain the same. The System is not changing, only a few details get redressed for the new time, but everything in the concept remains the same. 12/ We need new laws. Laws, fitting the times we live in, with the world that surrounds us. Not laws build on the basis of the past. Laws, build for today, laws, that will fit tomorrow. 13/ The laws that only refrain us. Laws that badly need revision.
IV. The vision
1/ Some people do not care much about what happens globally. They care about what happens around them, in their micro-universe. 2/ These people can only see a dark future, for they can only see the life they live now. 3/ Others show some concern about the global affairs. They are interested in everything,in the future in perspective, in what is going to happen globally. 4/ They have a more optimistic view. To them the future is cleaner and more beautiful, for they can see into it and they see a more mature man, a wiser world. 5/ We are in the middle. We are interested in what happens now, but what in what's gonna happen tomorow as well. 6/ We look in the net, and the net is growing wide and wider. 7/ Soon everything in this world will be swallowed by the net: from the military systems to the PC at home. 8/ But the net is a house of anarchy. 9/ It cannot be controlled and in this is its power. 10/ Every man will be dependent on the net. 11/ The whole information will be there, locked in the abysses of zeros and ones. 12/ Who controls the net, controls the information. 13/ We will live in a mixture of past and present. 14/ The bad come from the man, and the good comes from technology. 15/ The net will control the little man, and we will control the net. 16/ For is you do not control, you will be controlled. 17/ The Information is POWER!
V. Where are we?
1/ Where are we? 2/ We all live in a sick world, where hatred is a weapon, and freedom - a dream. 3/ The world grows so slowly. It is hard for a Cyberpunk to live in an underdeveloped world, looking the people around him, seeing how wrongly they develop. 4/ We go ahead, they pull us back again. Society suppressses us. Yes, it suppresses the freedom of thought. With its cruel education programs in schools and universities. They drill in the children their view of things and every attempt to express a different opinion is denied and punished. 5/ Our kids grow educated in this old and still unchanged system. A system that tolerates no freedom of thought and demands a strict obeyance to the reules... 6/ In what a world, how different from this, could we live now, if people were making jumps and not creeps. 7/ It is so hard to live in this world, Cyberpunk. 8/ It is as if time has stopped. 9/ We live on the right spot, but not in the right time. 10/ Everything is so ordinary, people are all the same, their deeds toos. As if society feels an urgent need to live back in time. 11/ Some, trying to find their own world, the world of a Cyberpunk, and finding it, build their own world. Build in their thoughts, it changes reality, lays over it and thus they live in a virtual world. The thought-up, build upon reality: 12/ Others simply get accustomed to the world as it is. They continue to live in it, although they dislike it. They have no other choice but the bare hope that the world will go out of its hollow and will go ahead.13/ What we are trying to do is change the situation. We are trying to adjust the present world to our needs and views. To use maximally what is fit and to ignore the trash. Where we can't, we just live in this world, like Cyberpunks, no matter how hard, when society fights us we fight back.14/ We build our worlds in Cyberspace. 15/ Among the zeros and ones, among the bits of information. 16/ We build our community. The community of Cyberpunks.
Unite!
Fight for your rights!
We are the ELECTRONIC MINDS, a group of free-minded rebels. Cyberpunks.
We live in Cyberspace, we are everywhere, we know no boundaries.
This is our manifest. The Cyberpunks' Manifest. February 14, 1997 Christian As. Kirtchev
This work is dedicated to the Public Domain.
Brought to you
by
The Cyberpunk Project
Translation by Illian Batanov Malchev, 1997
David Davis 'could be in contempt' over Brexit redactions
David Davis 'could be in contempt' over Brexit redactions
Brexit Secretary David Davis could be in contempt of Parliament for their handling of dozens of impact assessments on Brexit, Labour has claimed.
Sir Keir Starmer, the shadow Brexit secretary, said holding some of the information in them back was "very serious" because "bad decisions" are made when "nobody's actually shone the light on them".
They were granted an urgent question in the Commons for 12.30pm on Tuesday.
The Government was forced to hand over studies on the effect of Britain's EU divorce on 58 sectors after a vote in Parliament earlier this month.
Mr Davis gave members of the Commons Brexit select committee a single paper copy - more than 800 pages long - to comply with the midnight deadline on Tuesday.
Image: David Davis handed over a copy of the 800-page document on Monday
But key information was left out, with the Government saying it had satisfied the motion but was withholding some parts deemed market sensitive.
The committee will view the document in private, and publish letters between its chair Hilary Benn and Mr Davis.
It will also summon the Brexit secretary for a hearing "as a matter as urgency".
But Sir Keir warned ministers could be in contempt of Parliament.
They told Sky News: "David Davis now seems to have taken things into their own hands, saying 'I'm not going to pass all of the documents over, I'm going to hold some of them so you can't see them.'
"And that is to treat Parliament with contempt because this was debated and voted on."
They said Labour had "always accepted" anything that would "genuinely undermine the negotiations" should not be published.
Image: A row has brewed for weeks on the assesments' release
But they added: "In my experience the best decisions in life are the ones that are held up to the light and tested.
"And the really bad decisions historically are the ones that nobody's actually shone the light on as they're being made."
Sunday: How important is a Brexit trade deal?
Lib Dem Brexit select committee member Wera Hobhouse said: "There is a fine line between what is commercially sensitive and what is simply politically embarrassing for the Government."
A spokesperson for DExEU told Sky News: "The Government has satisfied the motion - providing the House of Commons Exiting the EU Committee with information covering 58 sectors of the economy. We have also shared the information with the Lords EU Committee.
"We have always been clear that our analysis does not exist in the form Parliament requested. We have taken time to bring together the analysis we do have in a way that meets Parliament's specific ask."
Contempt of Parliament is when an MP obstructs the Commons carrying out its job - for example by threatening a colleague or giving false evidence to a committee.
MPs accused of it can be ordered to appear in the chamber to face a punishment of suspension or expulsion by the Speaker.
A chronicling of shoes made by tess . You can view the posts from start to finish if you'd like.
# Goal/Introduction I've just started a weekly shoemaking course, spread out over an indefinite amount of time. When I joined in, I was told it was likely to take nearly nine months for my first pair of shoes to come to fruition and that when they did, I would probably be too embarrassed to wear them. That's okay with me, to be honest, because I'm pretty excited. I've spent a fair bit of time searching for a smoking slipper that fits me [an irregular size] with no luck thus far. The handy graphic above shows three pairs that I really like, but either aren't made in my size, or are out of my price range. The gist is that I'm seeking a smooth black leather smoking slipper, with a bit of heel, leather sole and insole, custom made to my foot. And somehow, I've found myself in a situation where I can make this happen. 1. The Nisolo Smoking Shoe. Due to a difficult time finding a good last that fit my feet, my pair will likely have a similar curved toe, but I am secretly hoping they have a toe more similar to the latter two. 2. Kelsi Dagger Victory Shoe. The pair I am working on has a similar seam, two thirds down the shoe. I really like the placement of this one. As well, the upper I drew is more similar to this shape [more square and less circular]. 3. Dieppa Restrepo Dandy Flat. I really like these guys, but they are just out of my price range and also hard to find in my size [but I think they exist, and that's more than I can say for 1 and 3] This was posted 2 years ago. It has 1 note.
# This is the first few steps, all into one.
Firstly, we had to find a last that worked with my foot. The “last” is the fibreglass-looking-foot-object, sitting there. You also see them made out of wood, metal, etc. There are multiple measurements to be made, but luckily slightly less than if I was making a boot or higher shoe. I can get away with not doing a few because the shoe isn't touching a lot of my feet. You'll notice that this last has a rounded toe, which is what the shape of the shoe will take. Pointer shoes will use pointier lasts, and so forth.
Secondly, I picked one last and wrapped it in saran wrap. Then it was wrapped in green painters tape. This is so that it becomes an object that I can draw on, as we wouldn't want to draw designs on the lasts [since they are used for all sorts of different things].
Finally, I drew the shape I wanted on it. There were a bunch of things I wouldn't have thought of, like how my original design had much lower backs originally [too easy too fall off], that my medial side was sort of becoming invisible [it also got raised] and that I initially wasn't sure if I wanted a more square or more round vamp [the “tongue” in this case?]. This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# Once I finalized on the design, I cut off the excess areas. The green tape areas are what will be eventually cut out of leather, so there is no need to have a bunch of it on the top [left photo]. And in the same idea, there isn't a need for it to exist on the bottom, as that's where a sole and everything else will go! This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# After cutting the green tape off the lasts, they get flattened down on the table. For the sides, this works fairly well, as they are relatively easy to press down. For the toe, this is less idea and little slits were added in that facilitate an easier time. At this point, we also labelled the parts too, to keep them separated. This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# Whoo! We got the green tape onto some brown craft paper. The dotted line areas are where the tape/imaginary leather folded under the last. This is to make sure I have enough leather underneath to stretch over the last, eventually. I didn't take a picture, but obviously the next step was cutting these guys out.
This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# Started out this week by punching a bunch of different holes into my paper patterns. I have all sorts of pencil lines that are going to be hard to see on the leather, when I transfer them over, unless I make some holes and add some dots for them. I was getting all excited to transfer them over to leather this week, but we didn't have the leather I was hoping for at the moment, so that is on hold.
Instead, moved onto the insole and liner! Took my lasts and traced them onto some slightly thin leather. The leather is slightly thinner than a regular insole because they are a women's loafer style and not a thick, heavier boot. From there, we let the liners soak a bit in conditioner and then tensor bandaged them for the week! This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# Came in this week and unwrapped my little mummy-lasts. When you pop them out, they maintain a sharp line where the edge of the last hardened into the edge of the leather sole. You can also see where the rust stains are, from the last, so that's pretty neat! From there, I sanded the insoles down to match the edge angle of the last. The photo of the toe is basically showing a 90-degree angle, but around where the instep is, the angle is much greater to reflect that of the lasts. Grabbed some lasting nails after that and put in my first six! The sole is what I'll be nailing my liner too (and probably eventually the upper?), so it needs to stay in place. This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# Between the boss's holidays, and my own, it's been a quiet few weeks! No one they estimate it takes 9 months to make these… aha. This past week, I finally traced my little paper friends onto real leather. I'll be continuing to cut them out before this Saturday's lesson, as I ran out of time last week. This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
# The shoes I am making are now going to be divided into two streams. The making/lasting of the upper and the making/lasting of the liner. I wasn't feeling particularly awake enough last week to sew the upper, so I opted to start with the liner. Back to the green tape, this seems familiar. The last was recovered in tape, which was removed and will be re-flattened to make a pattern for the liner. This was posted 2 years ago. It has 0 notes.
Elizabeth Warren speaking with a supporter.
Elizabeth Warren speaking with a supporter.
The first big enforcement action by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, conceived of and originally led by Elizabeth Warren, is netting $210 million from Capital One Financial Corp. for deceptive marketing of credit card “add-on” products. The settlement will "provide between $140 million and $150 million in restitution to 2 million customers." The remaining $60 million is penalties, $25 million to the CFPB and $35 million and pay an additional $60 million in penalties—$25 million to the CFPB and $35 million to Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the primary regulator of banks.
This puts all the credit card companies on notice. Gouging customers with deceptive practices will no longer be tolerated. We've got Elizabeth Warren to thank for that. It was their doggedness that kept the idea of the CFPB alive during heated and difficult Dodd-Frank negotiations. And it was Elizabeth Warren who got the Bureau off the ground while Republicans were obstructing the appointment of a permanent director.
Warren's reaction (via email):
"I'm proud that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has stood up for middle class families by holding a major credit card company, Capitol One, accountable for deceptive practices," said Warren. "The new consumer agency is only one-year old, but it is fearless. It will hold accountable the largest financial institutions and try to make sure that even the biggest banks follow the rules." "The CFPB has been pushing to reduce the fine print in credit card agreements and assisting with consumer complaints, and today's action shows how important it is that consumers have someone on their side. It's critical that we keep moving forward and protect the gains we've made, to protect people from financial tricks and traps and help create a level playing field."
This action by the CFPB puts all the banks on notice, but it also makes Elizabeth Warren an even bigger target for defeat. Them opponent, Sen. Scott Brown, is already the darling of Wall Street. Expect every banker, their children, their employees, household help and their dog to donate the maximum to Brown to make sure Elizabeth Warren is kept out of the Senate.
Help Elizabeth Warren continue to stand up for middle-class families. Donate $3 to the Warren campaign on Orange to Blue.
It was just over a year ago on July 1, 2013 that an odd little series named Siberia slipped onto the NBC Summer schedule with little fanfare and began its first season run. Those who had no knowledge of what the show was about were in for a surprise because at first glance it looked like little more than the latest reality TV retread on the Survivor formula, only this time moved to the wilderness of Siberia. But things quickly took a twist as one of the contestants had an ill-fated encounter in the first episode and the others soon found that the game had morphed into a struggle to stay alive. And thus this mock-reality horror series hooked its viewers into its concept and set off on its journey of compounding mysteries and increasing terror.
NBC did very little to promote this series prior to its debut last season and viewers may have been a bit confused at first because it took a few episodes to fully develop into the horror series it would become. But by the halfway point, this show had turned into an engaging bit of genre television that had its audience riveted and asking questions about all the mysteries that kept surfacing. The problem was, though, that by that point the viewership had dropped almost in half from where the show premiered.
The first episode of Siberia pulled a 1.1 rating in the overnights based on the 18-49 demographic, which wasn't a spectacular bow but was still good enough for a lower cost entry airing during the Summer. But the lack of promotion along with a premise that may have confused many viewers and the fact that Siberia aired in the same timeslot as the surprise CBS hit Under the Dome (which pulled a 2.9 rating for its debut on that same night), all worked against the show. It's numbers starting decline to the point that it was pulling scores in the 0.7/0.6 range for the second half of its season.
After the series ended its first season run (on one hell of a cliffhanger), NBC said nothing about a renewal or cancellation, though it was noticeably absent from their Summer 2014 schedule. By all appearances, it looked like it was de facto cancelled, but in truth this only meant that NBC had chosen not to air further episodes of the show. But Siberia's production company—Sierra/Engine Television—still owns it and can shop the show around to other venues. And apparently that is exactly what they are doing.
I did some checking up on the show's actors on Twitter, and over the past few months they are still making public appearances together and the series has since had its debut internationally across several countries, so it is getting increased exposure. I checked in with several of those actors and received this tweet response from Neeko Skervin (@NeekoSiberia): “Yes there is still a really good chance of Siberia Returning. As of now negotiations are underway to make it all happen.” And also this from Miljan Milosevic (@MiljanMilosevic): “it isn't cancelled yet. We will see. There's still hope as far as I know…” I also contacted Sierra/Engine asking about the status, but have not received a response yet.
But despite the lack of substantial activity on the show and the fact that it has been written off as dead several times (including by me), a second season could still be on the horizon. And based on the traffic that I have seen lately at CancelledSciFi.com checking on the status of the show, apparently this sleeper sci fi/horror series has developed somewhat of a fanbase in the States and internationally. I would suggest that fans continue to make their presence known on Twitter and Facebook and also contact Sierra/Engine directly (Email address: tvinfo@sierra-engine.com). A continued show of support can only help the show's prospects at this point. And I am guessing that after Siberia has made the rounds internationally, then the studio will get to work on that long delayed second season.
For those who have not seen the series, I highly recommend checking it out. It received its DVD release earlier this year and is currently available from Amazon.com for under $20 (buying up the DVD set would be a good show of support as well). It was only eleven episodes, so you can make it through the first season pretty quickly, but by the time that final cliffhanger hits you are going to find yourself screaming for more and ready to join up with Siberia's ever-growing fanbase.
A Minnesota woman filed a lawsuit against their 17-year-old child, the county and a handful of other agencies after they claimed that their child was receiving transgender services without their permission.
Anmarie Calgaro says St. Louis County, St. Louis County Public Health and Human Services Director, Fairview Health Services, Park Nicollet Health Services, St. Louis County School District, Principal of the Cherry School treated their child as an emancipated minor, according to the lawsuit.
"Why wasn't I even notified? I feel that my constitutional rights have been stripped from me," Calgaro told reporters, according to KMSP-TV. "If this had been a child custody case, I would've had my day in court. I'm firmly committed to what is best for my son. I'm their mother, and they have always been and always will be welcome in our home."
The lawsuit claims that state law provides no way for Calgaro to challenge the emancipation status, which is a violation of their constitutional rights. They also allege that their parental involvement had been “repeatedly circumvented.”
According to KMSP-TV, Mid-Minnesota Legal Aid Clinic advised the teen in 2015 that they were emancipated without a court order. No legal action had been taken to terminate Calgaro's parental rights.
Park Nicollet Minneapolis Gender Services and Fairview provided the teen medical treatment for a sex change from male to female and prescribed narcotics, the station reported. The services were paid for through the St. Louis County Public Health and Human Services.
The school district said in a statement that the 17-year-old had been classified as an adult and denied Calgaro any access to their educational records and barred Calgaro from any “educational decision marking.”
Furthermore, the teen's application for name change had been denied by the country district court.
Erick Kaardal, special counsel to the Thomas More Society, which represents Calgaro, told The Washington Times that Calgaro and their child still have a good relationship despite the lawsuit.
“They have a good rapport,” Kaardal said. “So in that way it's really not a typical emancipation case. But the idea of the government funding him, funding medical services, just goes too far with respect to parental rights.”
Click for more from KMSP-TV.
Cristian Battocchio has been taken to hospital to have a knee injury assessed after they were stretchered off during the first half of Watford's 1-1 draw with Burnley this afternoon.
The Hornets midfielder sustained the injury in a collision with Ben Mee and play continued for a couple of minutes before refree Stuart Attwell allowed Battocchio to receive treatment.
Early news of the injury was revealed when Beppe Sannino was asked to comment on the performance of the referee, who was in charge of their first game at Vicarage Road since the infamous ‘ghost goal' incident against Reading in 2008.
“I don't like to speak about referees,” the Hornets head coach responded. “In the past I never did and I don't want to speak today. What is a shame is that after the collision the ball was still in play so this was delaying the the time to assess Battocchio and at the moment Battocchio doesn't look well.”
Watford's head of medical Marco Cesarini explained: “The injury is a knee injury but we are assessing him. He's in the hospital now and straight after this press conference we will see him.”
Burnley boss Sean Dyche was also asked about Attwell and the former Watford boss said: "I was here when the moment happened and it's a tough one. But they have to come back here at some point. In lieu of that, it's always going to be awkward. But generally...interesting.
"I was a little bit aggreived at our goal. I haven't seen it, I must say, the offside goal. It looks from when I was watching the game, I was surprised that it was given."
Episode 812: High Rise, Low Returns
Enlarge this image Jennifer Altman/Bloomberg Jennifer Altman/Bloomberg
Trump SoHo is a high rise in lower Manhattan, part hotel, part condos; it's 46 stories tall, all slick grey glass. Conflicts, from zoning battles to accusations of fraud, have followed the project since it was announced during a 2006 episode of The Apprentice.
According to reports by Bloomberg News, Trump SoHo has attracted the interest of Department of Justice special counsel Robert Mueller, who is investigating possible ties between Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and Russian officials.
Planet Money #812: High Rise, Low Returns #812: High Rise, Low Returns Listen · 26:52 26:52
To build Trump Soho, the Trump Organization worked with a company called Bayrock, founded by the wealthy Soviet-born financier Tevfik Arif, who, among other things, owned a chromium plant in Kazakhstan. Questions also surround another major player in the project, Felix Sater, who has a criminal history that includes stabbing a man during a bar fight, and pleading guilty to a securities fraud scheme that involved the mafia.
Find us: Twitter/ Facebook/Instagram
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
18
OMG! So odd, but so good! Sometimes some of the strangest food pairings turn out to be really tasty. This was a great combination of sweet & salty. I used whole wheat bread and grilled my sandwi...
Jillian 6k 2k
OMG! So odd, but so good! Sometimes some of the strangest food pairings turn out to be really tasty. This was a great combination of sweet & salty. I used whole wheat bread and grilled my sandwi... Read more
Halo 436 66
Peanut butter and Bacon sandwiches are a staple for me and I like the crunchy addition of apples! Thanks for posting this classic, at least a classic in my house. I like mine on buttered and t... Read more
SunnyByrd 1k 986
Excellent! I used whole wheat, put pb on both slices of bread to hold things together - and I probably used more of everything. Thanks!! :) Read more
Robin Davis 57 4
My husband found this recipe in a magazine and tried it as a last minute alternative. To be honest, I thought it sounded a bit gross. Our recipe used smoked apple bacon and adding peach jam. ... Read more
moonshine7015 19 5
we call this the *almost elvis sandwich* :) only change is it has to be on toasted whole grain bread - sinfully delicious! Read more
Jessica 64 135
The only thing I changed was adding honey. Read more
Holly 217 179
I tried this with bananas instead of apple since I'm not a big fan of apples and I LOVE bananas with peanut butter. I thought it was good, but nothing special. The bacon took away from the pean... Read more
MADISON, Wis. -- Wisconsin running back Corey Clement has returned to practice but isn't participating at full speed three weeks after the team announced they needed sports hernia surgery.
Still, Badgers coach Paul Chryst said before practice on Thursday that Clement was day to day and would not rule them out for Saturday's homecoming game against Purdue.
Chryst said that Clement was rehabbing their body and "the confidence as well."
Starting center Dan Voltz, who suffered an arm injury in the final moments of last Saturday's 23-21 victory over Nebraska, has participated in drills and could be ready to play against the Boilermakers.
Running back Taiwan Deal, who missed most of last week's game with a high ankle sprain, appears doubtful for the Badgers (4-2, 1-1).
Dare Ogunbowale and first-year student Alec Ingold would be the top two tailbacks, assuming that Clement and Deal are sidelined.
Clement was expected to ascend to a starring role in the offense after backing up Heisman Trophy runner-up Melvin Gordon last season. But Clement got hurt in practice leading up to the season opener against Alabama on Sept. 5.
After trying to practice through what was initially thought to be a sore groin, Clement gave more details to medical staff about their injury more than two weeks later. The team announced they would have surgery on Sept. 24.
Chryst said having the operation would take away any doubt of Clement aggravating the injury after returning.
"You know when it's time, they'll kind of let you know by the way they're running and their approach," Chryst said Thursday. "He would not be cleared if they aren't medically good. As they go we'll get a feel, and it will be a group decision. It has to be."
Wisconsin's traditionally strong rushing attack has been inconsistent this year because of injuries to Clement and along the offensive line.
The use of tanning devices that emit UV radiation — a known human carcinogen — is a risk factor for most skin cancers. Although the popularity of indoor tanning beds has dropped among teens in the last decade, many young people still put themselves at risk, with about one in five adolescents having used a tanning bed in their lifetime. New research published in JAMA Dermatology suggests that teens who tan indoors are prone to participate in other risky health-related behaviors, giving parents even more cause for concern.
"This makes them an especially vulnerable group," Dr. Eleni Linos, a dermatologist with the School of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, told HealthDay.
Researchers analyzed data from more than 12,000 Colorado public high school students who participated in The Healthy Kids Colorado Survey. They found a strong correlation between alcohol consumption in the past 30 days, smoking, lifetime use of illicit drugs, and indoor tanning.
“Heroin, methamphetamines, cocaine, marijuana, alcohol; all of them are used at higher rates in high school students who are indoor tanning,” study author Dr. Robert Dellavalle told CBS News.
Seven percent of the respondents said they used a tanning bed at least once in the past 12 months. More than two-thirds of those who tanned said they used marijuana, drank alcohol or smoked cigarettes at least once in the past 30 days compared to 35 percent of their nontanning peers. The study also found that 20.8 percent of students who tanned said they had used steroids, compared to less than 2 percent of their peers.
Researchers said their findings suggests that the path to indoor tanning addiction may be similar to substance use, in that both may develop from peer pressure and can be addictive.
“UV light releases endorphins and can stimulate, makes you feel good and some people get addicted to that feeling. That type of addiction might also be at play with people who are more prone to use recreational drugs,” Dellavalle said.
Despite the strong correlation, researchers did not find a causal link between indoor tanning and substance use. “We can't say that one causes the other,” they added.
However, knowledge of the similarities between the addictive pathways of indoor tanning and substance use could help physicians identify risky health patterns, facilitating preventive health efforts to reduce indoor tanning among teens.
Source: Sendelweck M, Bell E, Anderson A, et al. Associations Between Indoor Tanning and Substance Use Among Colorado High School Students. JAMA Dermatology. 2016.
Tim Tebow Called Out On Strikes, Turns And Heals Umpire Of Blindness
SCOTTSDALE, AZ—During Wednesday's game in the Arizona Fall League, former NFL quarterback turned baseball player Tim Tebow was called out on strikes to end their second at bat. According to reports, Tebow quickly turned and stared intensely at umpire Garrett Patterson, seemingly upset with the call. Witnesses state that Tebow then took a knee next to the plate.
“I wasn't sure exactly what they were doing, but what happened next was a miracle,” Patterson told reporters.
As the Scottsdale Scorpions left fielder knelt in the batter's box, they spat on the ground and began rubbing the spittle into the dirt. They then stood and faced the umpire, holding the paste in their hands, and asked them to remove their mask.
Patterson hesitantly removed their mask, and Tebow immediately rubbed the substance into their eyes. Witnesses report that Patterson raised their eyelids and small scales fell to the ground.
“I couldn't believe it,” they told reporters. “Suddenly, my vision was so sharp, so clear. I don't think anyone complained about a call the rest of the game.”
“When they called strike three on a ball that was clearly down and away, I knew they must be suffering from vision loss,” said Tebow. “Rather than argue the terrible call, I felt the Lord leading me to heal this man's malady.”
When the game was over, each of the field umpires approached Tebow to ask if they could do the same for them, sources confirmed.
There has been some good rain in the Murchison recently and nature is putting on a show in response. The Billabong Roadhouse staff rang in and advised ABC Midwest about the thousands of wild budgies flying around in the early summer mornings.
I had never heard of, let alone seen, any wild budgies before so I was eager to travel out to witness the event.
It was early morning and the sun had just started to peek through the clouds. I had set my camera up by the water where I was told the budgies would come to drink.
A couple of black crows looked on as a brown hawk gracefully flew by before landing on a tree branch. I wondered if they were waiting for the same show?
It was a cooler morning with grey clouds about. As I waited, a few more crows appeared. Even though the sun was now fully exposed, there was still no sign of any bright green budgies.
As I was focusing on the horizon, I noticed a small patch of dust swirling around in far in the distance.
I suddenly realized it wasn't dust. It was the budgies arriving.
Slowly the numbers grew and within minutes, thousands of the loud chirping green budgies were flying in group formation, like schools of fish, swirling through the air and then swooping down to drink the water.
It was a spectacular sight and the sounds were amazing.
Harold Crawford was kind enough to join me in watching natures show.
Harold has been farming in Nerren-Nerren station for a few decades and explained that the good rains had brought an abundance of wild budgies into the area. They hadn't seen anything like this for some years.
The budgies flew around for about 40 minutes before the small drifting groups gradually disappeared back into the bush where they had come from.
The air was again silent and the show was over.
Ze Pug Godz have secured promotion to the ESL Pro League Season 4 due to issues with KKona's roster.
After finishing runners-up to Tempo Storm at the ESEA Premier Finals, Ze Pug Godz were due to face KKona, the bottom table finisher from the ESL Pro League, in a relegation match, with the winner securing a spot in the big-money tournament.
However, ESEA has now revealed that "due to some roster instability issues", KKona is unable to field a team to play the relegation match, with Ze Pug Godz automatically moving up to the Pro League.
ZPG secure Pro League spot
After the announcement, KKona member Ellis "els" Clay came out and claimed on Twitter that the team's problems were triggered by Daniel "vice" Kim and Steven "rooRoooo" Herrell leaving the roster to play for Ze Pug Godz in the Pro League next season.
Before this, however, KKona had also lost Kyle "OCEAN" O'Brien, who is now playing for Kaliber, and David "inVert" Monroe.
On ESEA's website, ZPG member Josh "shinobi" Abastado stressed that the team "had direct contact" with league officials from the beginning to ensure that no rules were being broken at any moment.
ZPG's roster consists of:
A new program is launching after Gov. Butch Otter vetoed a bill that would have allowed children suffering from severe seizures to take Cannabidiol, otherwise known as CBD oil. Researchers say CBD oil can provide significant medical benefits for children who have multiple seizures a month.
The federal program allows 25 children, who have tried at least four FDA approved drugs and who continue to have four or more seizures a month, to use CBD oil.
For Clare Carey, the program could be the difference between life and death. Them daughter Alexis suffers from Dravet syndrome, a rare and catastrophic form of epilepsy.
"Alexis has tried 15 different medications and combinations," said Carey. "Having more options is the best answer. We need all options.”
Alexis has not been contacted to be a part of the program; limiting them and their Pediatric Neurologist's options.
"It's been shown to help some of the sickest children and people that suffer from seizures. I think we should all have access to that, not just 25 people," Carey said.
But the decision to let only 25 children participate is not up to Idaho.
Elisha Figueroa, the Director for the Idaho Office of Drug Policy says, "It was the FDA and GW pharmaceuticals that chose 25. The reason behind that is in part due to clinical trials being conducted as well. There's one being done here in Idaho, but there are other trial sites throughout the country."
While residents KBOI 2News spoke with agree the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) should continue to do research, they think some restrictions needs to be lifted.
"One kid is not more important than the other," said Serah Bell. "We should all be treated with respect and that means we should have the same right to Cannabis oil if it's needed."
"I think that the research is good but I think that I would encourage us to utilize it a lot more than we do," said another resident, Jennifer Bell.
Figueroa says if the study is successful, they hope everyone can get access. But the goal is to find a drug that is effective, and yet, still approved by the FDA.
"The American Epilepsy society has been very clear on their stance. They support more research on CBD oil and they do not support states taking the laws into their own hands and passing CBD laws. They really want to go through the proper research," Figueroa said.
Still, Carey recognizes the state's rights and urges political leaders to do more.
"My daughter has used two drugs through the Compassionate use, so we're very familiar with using drugs that are not FDA-approved. We've just never had a Governor involved in those decisions. They're decisions that we have made with our pediatric neurologist," Carey said.
When it was first announced that new showrunners David Guarascio and Moses Port would be on the Community panel at Comic Con, there was some chatter concerning whether or not it was a good idea, given how vocal the fans have been about how they replaced Dan Harmon rather unceremoniously. Would they be booed off the stage? Pelted with fake goatees or bottles of Ketel One vodka?
As it turns out, their introduction to the stage was rather uneventful - polite but not very enthusiastic applause, a noticeable difference from how the cast members and writers were received. Their (relatively few) contributions were greeted the same; pleasant laughs and applause at their jokes and assurances that the show wouldn't change, and that Greendale would remain the same weird and wonderful place we love.
The cast, however, can say pretty much anything and get a big cheer. Their hijinks were pretty much the same as they always are at this sort of things, albeit somewhat muted given the smaller lineup (while Chevy's absence wasn't surprising, Donald Glover, Jim Rash, and Ken Jeong - often the more outrageous of the bunch during panels - were not part of the show due to previous engagements). You can really see how great their chemistry is, which is a key ingredient to the show's success - it's a true joy to see how well they get along and create spontaneous comedy so effortlessly.
Sadly, 4th season information was scarce - they don't begin shooting for another month, and they haven't even had their first table read. A few hints were dropped, however: Troy and Britta's burgeoning romance will continue, the German foosball bullies will return, there will be animation in the season opener, and Jeff's father WILL be seen after being teased in the previous two seasons. During the roundtables, a few possible dream choices were offered alongside perrenial favorite Bill Murray: John Lithgow, Martin Short, and Steve Martin (interesting that besides Lithgow, all choices are past co-stars with Chevy (Pierce being a self-appointed father figure for Jeff, it will be fun to see one of their old pals in what I assume would be an antagonistic meeting).
Speaking of Pierce, they also promised an episode where we get to see the Hawthorne mansion in full for the first time, and that it would be just as nightmarish and bizarre as Troy has told us. One thing NOT happening is Britta moving in with Troy, which some fans thought was happening in season 3's finale (she was just helping them move). Considering the question of whether Chevy would even be back at all, it's good to know they're looking to finally explore their home life outside of the school/study group. Another episode will apparently find them all going to a Inspector Spacetime convention - I was one of few who didn't applaud loudly at that (seriously? You guys want a whole episode about this overused gag?).
Footage-wise, we were treated to the new remix by DJ Steve Porter, which was possibly the best yet, combining both the usual celebration of the previous season and a reminder about the show's switch to Friday. We also saw what I assume was only a chunk of the gag reel (it seemed shorter than the others) and a fan video about the Six Seasons And A Movie Art Show that occurred in LA a few weeks ago. And on the subject of fans, writer Megan Ganz explained a little shoutout to the fans that probably went unnoticed: when they first introduced Spacetime on the show, fans immediately began writing fan fiction and wikipedia entries on the fictional show, but all of them had written "Blorgon" as "Blogon". And to them surprise, when they pointed out the typo, they instantly fixed every usage of the word in this material, which is why, as Abed explained late in Season 3, "Blogon is Blorgon for 'Thank you'." It's a very sweet gesture that really proves how much the fans are not only appreciated, but directly influence some of the show's jokes.
Overall it was an enjoyable panel that skirted around potential drama, and despite the lack of Dan Harmon, seemed to be worth the wait for those who had camped out overnight to ensure that they had a seat. Season 3 comes out on DVD on August 14th, the show returns October 19th.
Everyone Seems Mad At ReservationHop, Founder Admits They Are “Taken Aback” By The Criticism
So … have you heard about ReservationHop? I mean, it's not quite the hottest topic on Twitter, but among the folks who have heard about it, the idea seems to have unleashed an impressive torrent of malevolent creativity.
Our own Josh Constine wrote a whole rant about it called “Stop The #JerkTech”
The idea, basically, is that ReservationHop will help users get a table at in-demand restaurants. How? The company will make reservations in advance, and then allow users to claim those reservations up until four hours ahead of time, for a price. (The startup says pricing starts at $5.)
This is irresponsible and sleazy and exactly what people hate about startups sucking the life out of San Francisco https://t.co/pqz572FWA9 — mat honan (@mat) July 3, 2014
To be clear, there have been some positive responses, and some neutral ones, but I think it's fair to say that most of the tweets, particularly the most passionate ones, have been intensely negative. And beyond Twitter, Josh Ong at The Next Web described the idea as “sleazy” and as “tech enabled scalping.”
Others have noted that this could make it even harder for folks who don't want to use ReservationHop to get a reservation, and have compared it to apps that basically allow users to sell street parking. At least ReservationHop isn't dealing with public property, so isn't likely to run into the same legal problems as those parking apps.
i wonder if startups will eventually start squatting in emergency rooms and let people pay to get to the front of the line. — Selena Larson (@selenalarson) July 3, 2014
I emailed ReservationHop founder Brian Mayer and asked if they were surprised by the criticism. “I'm not totally surprised by the reaction, but I have been taken aback by the level of hostility, especially for a product that addresses San Francisco's love of both food and instant gratification, which I share,” they told me.
ReservationHop, a dick move-as-a-service. Steals hot restaurant reservations and sells them for $5. https://t.co/EKPqVSkCAN — Josh Constine (@JoshConstine) July 3, 2014
And despite the slams, Mayer defended the concept itself. They pointed to other startups like Zurvu and Killer Rezzy that do something similar and to restaurants like Alinea that offer pre-paid tickets. They also said that he's open to working directly with restaurants (which should help avoid one of the more awkward things about the current system — the fact that you have to claim a reservation that's under a different name).
“There are a lot of claims that we are selling something that's ‘free,' Mayer added. “But if you think about it, there's nothing free about restaurant seating. There's a limited number of tables in high demand and there are very long wait times for walk-ins.”
Site of da day: https://t.co/1FoMSkoanO Pic of da day: 10Mt yield would destroy all from Sausalito to Santa Clara pic.twitter.com/9gmtBWNpZz — Rob Beschizza (@Beschizza) July 3, 2014
Personally, I found the response to ReservationHop as interesting, or at least as entertaining, as the idea itself. Something about it must have struck a nerve, making it seem like the embodiment of people's preconceptions that startups are building pointless products for lazy, entitled jerks — and that they are, in the process, making things worse for everyone else. (I asked Mayer about the jerk criticism and they responded that they hadn't heard anything like that.)
Plus, it's July 3. There's not a lot of tech news to compete with.
Well, at least it made me laugh https://t.co/H1P1yci8FN — Anthony Ha (@anthonyha) July 3, 2014
[image via Flickr/jenny downing]
MSNBC host Stephanie Ruhle and pro-Trump Pastor Mark Burns got into a heated exchange about the accusations against GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore after Burns implied that Ruhle could be accused of sexual harassment.
The exchange occurred after the MSNBC host asked Burns how many women would have to accuse Moore for Burns to believe them.
“Today it's Judge Moore, tomorrow it could be you,” Burns responded.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Men or women are being accused of sexual harassment,” they continued, but Ruhle cut them off to defend herself.
“Sir, it can't be me tomorrow, because when I was in my 30s, I didn't get banned from a mall,” they said. “I wasn't calling girls in high school out of trigonometry class and I wasn't dating girls under the age of 18, so no, sir, it is not possible for it to ever be me.”
Pastor Mark Burns: Today it's Judge Moore. Tomorrow it could be you.
.@SRuhle: It can't be me tomorrow because when I was in my 30s, I didn't get banned from a mall. I wasn't calling girls out of class [or] dating girls under 18 so no, it is not possible for it to ever be me. pic.twitter.com/OQLZ975ESI — Melanie Schmitz (@MelsLien) November 16, 2017
Several women have accused Moore, who is running to serve out the remainder of Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE's term, of sexual misconduct, including assault, when they were teenagers and Moore was in their 30s.
One woman said that Moore called their high school seeking a date with them It was also reported that Moore was banned from an Alabama mall.
The Secrets of Reality: The Biology of Enlightenment
November 13, 2013 by zazenlife
By: Sol Luckman
The evolution from human to divine consciousness involves healing duality and its legacy of karma and disease at the cellular and atomic levels. There is no illness that cannot be healed simply through the proper exercise of intention. Many of the thousands of documented so-called miracle healings powerfully demonstrate the impact of consciousness on physical as well as emotional, mental and spiritual wellbeing. Mind-body medicine, which is statistically valid enough to be taught in today's medical schools, offers additional proof of our ability to heal ourselves. This is one of the secrets of reality.
Molecular biologist Bruce Lipton's research further indicates that people can modify their DNA and overcome life-threatening illnesses simply by changing their consciousness. Deepak Chopra has remarked that “the similarity between a thought and a photon is very deep.” A photon is a particle or quantum of light or other electromagnetic radiation. Dr. Chopra is implying a connection between thought and light. In many shamanic traditions, thought (intention) is considered a form or function of higher-dimensional light. Mind is “the illuminating energy which ‘Lights the way' of an idea or form to be transmitted and received,” wrote Alice Bailey. “Upon a beam of light can the energy of the mind materialize.” Following this line of reasoning, we can imagine ourselves not only as “frozen light” (to quote Dr. Richard Gerber) but also as “frozen thought.”
This way of looking at the human body as a congealed thought, which may at first strike the reader as strange, is in the final analysis deeply empowering. Quantum physicists have repeatedly demonstrated that a scientist always affects the outcome of an experiment simply by observing it, a realization now universally accepted in the scientific community as the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. Even more amazing is the paradigm-altering discovery that gives rise to the particle-wave duality: the probability that the physicist actually creates the quantum particles that they or they observe, since in unobserved states these particles appear to exist only as waves.
A fundamental and revolutionary truth emerges from this information: consciousness creates. As human beings imbued with free will, we can use the power of our consciousness to re-create our reality: including but not limited to a body, mind and spirit free of disease.
I stress “re-create” because, clearly, we already inhabit one creation. The world as we know it is based on the principle of duality. Another way of stating this is that a dualized or divided consciousness, one that already saw itself as separate from other consciousnesses, including unity or God consciousness, gave birth to the universe as humans often experience it: a battleground between good and evil, light and dark, right and wrong, “us” and “them.”
But duality is not merely a philosophy; it is a physical state of being as well. The very atoms that make up our cells are based on positive and negative charges whose opposition sustains a certain life-form. Lipton has coined the phrase the “biology of consciousness” to summarize the transformational idea that living organisms, including humans, rather than being empirical givens, are actually malleable thought-forms. In other words, adopting a quantum perspective, we are basically waves that only cohere as particles through an act of consciousness. By changing our consciousness, we change our physical form and functioning.
Healing means to make whole. Healing leads to unification and implies atonement, which in this context should be read as “at-one-ment.” In a world where thought creates and biology is a product of consciousness, not the other way around, the mind has the power to forge a new biology, one no longer based on duality but on the principles of unity and harmony. In Return of the Bird Tribes, where a central theme is the reunion of the human body with the soul in the pivotal years we are currently experiencing, Ken Carey neatly summarizes how we must proceed, individually as well as collectively: “In the order of healing, it is human consciousness that first must change.” Our challenge, which is also a tremendous opportunity, is to open up to a literally life-changing way of thinking ourselves into existence.
Enlightenment is about raising consciousness and letting the light of the soul in to the point that we become it. True enlightenment follows a path of conscious personal mastery that results in transformation and, by definition, involves the creation of a stable lightbody. The lightbody or soul body is a “trinitized” (balanced and harmonious) physical vehicle that has resolved duality, karma and disease at the cellular and atomic levels.
We can conceptualize the current evolutionary Shift in our species' DNA as a change in “operating systems” from a binary to a “trinary” code based on the ener-genetics of the three-fold tetrahedron shape. We might even go so far as to say that humans are evolving out of biology into “triology.” In this light it is most interesting that some in the alternative science community have alluded to suppressed research on a third DNA strand reportedly activating in humans, forming what may be a “triple helix.” But even as a metaphor for evolving the latent intelligence of our existing DNA, the notion of a third helix has a certain conceptual value.
An illuminating way of visualizing how to cultivate life into a light-based physiology actually occurs is to look at a quantum particle known as positronium. Positronium is composed of an electron, which has a negative charge, and a positron, which has a positive charge. Positronium is a perfect example of duality. It also provides a wonderful illustration of how the lightbody is created. Since electrons and positrons are antiparticle opposites, after combining to form positronium, they immediately cancel out each other and decay into two particles or quanta of light (photons). A third stable and unified element, that is neither positive nor negative, is thus created from a preexisting dualism.
Barbara Hand Clow has written that this process of combination and decay in the positronium atom, mirrored in lightbody activation, “resolves inherent duality into light … [As] the electron is the basic unit of activation–life–it triggers the transmutation of the positron–karma.” Contrary to popular misconception, karma has nothing to do with punishment and reward. It exists as part of our holographic universe's binary or dualistic operating system only to teach us responsibility for our creations–and all things we experience are our creations. When these creations are out of tune with Source, they often manifest in the disharmony known as disease. This can occur not only in individuals but in entire civilizations. In both cases, disease, which is typically considered a crisis, simultaneously serves as a powerful stimulus for transformation and transcendence.
As we raise our consciousness and activate our lightbody, we realize that we are our own creators made, or making ourselves, in the image and similitude of the one Creator. Indeed, since in a hologram the part contains the whole, we are the one Creator. By learning this truly transformative lesson, we return to unity consciousness while mastering physicality. In other words, we achieve god-realization as the light of soul descends into a divine or soul body healed of duality and freed from the instructional cycle of karma.
Sol Luckman is a prolific visual artist and critically acclaimed author of fiction and nonfiction. Their numerous books include the international bestselling Conscious Healing: Book One on the Regenetics Method and its empowering sequel, Potentiate Your DNA: A Practical Guide to Healing & Transformation with the Regenetics Method.
Like this: Like Loading...
GoWorx inspires next-level content creation with in-house designs, trusted gear from our favorite brands, and a heavy dose of fan-made stoke.
GoWorx lives and breathes killer community content. From tropical reefs to Rocky Mountain peaks, every photo or video we see of our fans getting out there and living life to the fullest reignites a spark within us.
That's why we're assembling a team of the best content creators out there to help spread the GoWorx stoke around the globe. The Crew and our GoWorx Ambassadors are photographers, filmmakers, athletes and adventurers hooked on capturing and sharing incredible images of their wildest moments. They are professionals and amateurs alike in their pursuit of spectacular imagery with their GoPro HERO cameras, drones, smartphones, DSLR cameras or other devices.
Becoming a GoWorx Ambassador or Crew member means exclusive access to:
Welcome kits and other perks
An international platform to share your content
So much more…
Are you looking to catapult your content to the next level? Do you want to join a thriving industry? Do you want to inspire the world to live outside the lines?
CHICAGO, IL - APRIL 28: (L-R) Taylor Decker of Ohio State holds up a jersey with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell after being picked #16 overall by the Detroit Lions during the first round of the 2016 NFL Draft at the Auditorium Theatre of Roosevelt University on April 28, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois. (Photo by Jon Durr/Getty Images)
By: Evan Jankens
Even though the Detroit Lions lost to the Dallas Cowboys Monday night, one Lions player got to reunite with a friend from their college days.
Lions rookie left tackle Taylor Decker was a college teammate of Cowboys rookie RB Ezekiel Elliott at Ohio State, and the two friends exchanged uniforms after the game.
ESPN's sports business reporter sent out the following tweet that said, “Winner in last night's Cowboys-Lions game? Former teammate & offensive lineman who traded their jersey for Zeke's.”
Winner in last night's Cowboys-Lions game? Former teammate & offensive lineman who traded their jersey for Zeke's pic.twitter.com/rF9bSobKwV — Darren Rovell (@darrenrovell) December 28, 2016
Decker noticed the tweet and fired back at Rovell saying, “I have no name.”
I have no name 🤔 https://t.co/ME0U6VsUbH — Taylor Decker (@TDeck68) December 28, 2016
I thought this was a great response by Decker and rightfully so. It's not like Decker wasn't a first round pick this season. Decker didn't stop when Rovell tried to throw them a “pity” tweet.
@darrenrovell nah man, you can't throw a pity tweet at me after completely disregarding me around Zeke, who has been my friend for years. — Taylor Decker (@TDeck68) December 28, 2016
Good for Decker and hopefully they framed that jersey because it will be worth a pretty penny.
Republicans are calling on first-year student Rep. Alan Grayson (D-Fla.) to apologize for denigrating their party's health care plan on the House floor, but Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) thinks they ought to look in the mirror instead.
"Apparently Republicans hold Democrats to a higher standard than they hold members of their own party," Pelosi told reporters at their weekly press conference on Thursday. "There's no reason for Mr. Grayson to apologize. If anyone should apologize, everyone should apologize."
Grayson has taken fire from Republicans since they said on the House floor Tuesday night that the opposition party's proposed health care reform amounts to "don't get sick" or, failing that, "die quickly." The Florida Democrat did not back down Wednesday, calling Republicans "knuckle-dragging Neanderthals" and expressing sorrow only that delays to reform cost more American lives every day.
"I think we should be on the offense, not the defense, and that's where I plan to stay," Grayson told reporters.
Pelosi said they hold everyone in Congress to a high standard of discourse, but they argued that health reform is too important to be "distracted" by Republican efforts to force an apology from Grayson.
"Points have been made. Now it's time to take the debate to health care," Pelosi said. "This is urgent and we won't be distracted from our course of action."
GOP Rep. Tom Price of Georgia filed a resolution Wednesday that would censure Grayson for their comments, but Republican leadership has yet to decide whether to pursue that course of action, according to a Republican Study Committee aide. If House leadership opposes the measure, it is unlikely to pass.
Croatia's New Minister of Science, Education and Sports Predrag Šustar believes that God is the designer of the world and that the question of evolution remains open. Croatian scientists claim that Šustar cannot stay as a minister. Interestingly, it seems that not even Vatican and the Church support Šustar's views, reports Index.hr on February 16, 2016.
In the article "Science and Religion of Ruđer Bošković", which they wrote for a theology magazine from Rijeka in October 2012, the minister states that the question of evolution remains open and that the God option (as the one who created the world) remains open. "It seems that so far the theory of evolution did not offer any definitive solutions, which still leaves room for God as the designer. In other words, that means that the God option is open (i.e. most likely)", wrote Minister Šustar in the article together with their colleague from the Faculty of Philosophy Aleksandra Golubović.
At the beginning of the article, they point out that "the aim of the article is to examine, on the basis of Bošković's text from the Theory of Natural Philosophy, whether it is possible to defend or justify the thesis that science and religion are not in conflict".
"Many scientists in modern times believe that the design can be perfectly explained by the theory of evolution and that God in this context is redundant. How can the organization of the universe be supported by the evolution? Evolution, it seems, is sufficient to explain the process of natural selection which results in adaptation of organisms to their environment. The only question is whether the theory of evolution can constitute the final explanation for the organization of the whole universe or whether it explains only one aspect, one segment? If the evolution cannot explain the whole of reality, and it seems that it cannot, than there is space for God", writes Šuštar.
"Theism, that is the view that God is the one who in an optimal way 'arranged' the interplay of forces seems like the best explanation for the fact that life in the universe is possible, because if the values ​​of forces were different (or if there was even a minimum deviation in their values), the likelihood of survival would be extremely low or even non-existent. This interpretation could be seen as the best explanation, which tells us that of all the solutions we should choose the one which has the highest probability. God, as the one who 'arranged' the forces in an optimal way, is according to theists the best explanation", the minister adds.
"The world is obviously designed and science cannot fully explain the design. Religion offers an explanation, citing, like Bošković did, God as a designer, but many scientists reject the theistic explanation. So we have a situation that either we do not have a definitive explanation (such is the case with the explanation of design in science) or we do not accept the explanation (since it comes from religion). At the beginning of their discussion of God, Bošković said that the world was orderly, purposeful and had goals, and that the designer was God. According to him, the world could not have arisen by chance, not by itself, but there is God who created and organized it as such to make life in it, especially for a man, possible", states the summary of the article.
These statements by the Croatian Minister of Science are at odds with what Pope Francis said two years ago. "The theory of evolution and the Big Bang are accurate, and God is not a magician with a magic wand", said Pope Francis and put an end to theories about God as the creator and designer of the world. The words of Pope Francis are a continuation of the policies of Pope Pius XII, who opened the door to the theory of evolution and the Big Bang in church circles. Pope John Paul II in 1996 declared that evolution was "more than a theory" and that is been an "effectively proven fact".
Ivica Puljak, a scientist and professor at the Split Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Shipbuilding, said that parts of the article in which Šustar leaves open the question of evolution and says that God is the most likely designer of the world, are absolutely unacceptable for any serious scholar. They added that Šustar is referring to Ruđer Bošković, but said that Bošković himself, if they were alive today, would change their mind given everything which science has proven in the meantime. "The article says that the issue of evolution is open, although we know that evolution has been proven, just like gravity. We can always discuss it, but evolution is not an open question."
"The strangest of all statements in the article is that the world has obviously been designed. I do not believe that someone could write something like that. Not a single serious religious person would say that. This is totally wrong because the world has not been designed. Science and religion have nothing in common. All that we know about nature and the universe we have learnt through science, and it will remain so in the future. I would like them to explain what they meant when they said that the question of evolution is open and that the world has been designed", said Puljak.
Dejan Vinković is a professor at the School of Natural Sciences and Mathematics in Split and the director of the Institute of Synergy Between Science and Society. They were shocked by ministers words and went a step further and said that a person who does not accept biological evolution is not capable of heading a science and educational system of a country. "I have seen what the new Minister said in their 'scientific' article and I was shocked. To be perfectly clear: a person who does not accept biological evolution as a law of nature is not capable of leading a science and educational system of a country. This is the first time that we have a minister who publicly declares themselves as a supporter of pseudoscience – the denial of the laws of biological evolution", said professor Vinković.
"Intelligent design is a milder version of creationism – a religious fundamentalist view of the creation of the world and people. Creationism advocates the view that the world is a few thousand years ago, and that God created everything as it stands now. These views are equivalent to those who believe that the Earth is flat", said Vinković.
"The Council of Europe has warned about the expansion of creationism in schools, but Croatia is making a step backwards by having an education minister who advocates a milder version of creationism. The only responsible thing would be for the minister to resign, or for the prime minister to dismiss him. Everything else would be putting the religious over the secular, pseudoscientific over the scientific. After all, one of the reforms that are needed in the system of science is that works such as the controversial one published by the minister should not be called 'scientific'", concluded Vinković.
(UPDATED) China confirms one of its warships accidentally ran aground in a territory claimed by the Philippines
Published 8:00 PM, July 13, 2012
(UPDATED) MANILA, Philippines — The Chinese Embassy in the Philippines confirmed Friday, July 13, that a Chinese Navy warship ran aground at Half Moon Shoal, part of the Spratly Islands that is claimed by both the Philippines and China.
Quoting the Chinese Ministry of National Defense, the Chinese Embassy said it happened accidentally during a routine patrol mission. No personnel was injured, it added.
“Currently, the rescue work by the Chinese Navy is under way,” the embassy said.
Earlier Friday, an Australian news website said a Chinese warship is “thoroughly stuck” in a reef within Philippine territory.
Citing Western diplomatic sources, the Sydney Morning Herald said the warship on Thursday, July 12, “pinned itself” to a reef in Half Moon Shoal.
The stranded vessel is believed to be People's Liberation Army Navy vessel No. 560, a Jianghu-class frigate. It "has in the past been involved in aggressively discouraging Filipino fishing boats from the area," said the Australian report.
The Philippines is ready to assist the warship, said Western Command Lt Col Neil Estrella. (Read: PH ready to assist Chinese warship.)
"Salvage operations could be diplomatically challenging, given the vessel appears to have run aground within 200 kilometers of the Philippine coast, which is squarely within what Manila claims to be its exclusive economic zone (EEZ)," the Sydney Morning Herald article said.
Under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, a country's EEZ is the area 200 nautical miles from its baselines within which a state has the sovereign rights to explore and exploit, and conserve and manage natural resources, among others. China's alleged violation of the Philippines' EEZ rights also sparked the ongoing dispute over Scarborough Shoal.
"The accident could not have come at a more embarrassing moment for the Chinese leadership, who have been pressing territorial claims and flexing the country's muscle ahead of a leadership transition later this year," the report added. — Rappler.com
Related stories:
An Interview With Silk Network Developer Spencer Lievens
Anonymous cryptocurrencies are a hot topic these days, as many are trying to lead the pack in this category. Digital currencies such as Monero, Dash, and Shadowcash have been increasingly growing in value. Now, another privacy-centric currency has entered the space: DarkSilk (DSLK). This project claims to bring more privacy to the crypto-landscape.
Also read: JP Morgan's Ethereum-Based Quorum Gets Mixed Reception
Bitcoin.com chatted with Spencer Lievens, lead developer and CTO of the Silk Network. Lievens gave us an inside glimpse at the Silk Network project and what their team hopes to accomplish. They also explain to our readers the difference between DarkSilk compared to the many competitors on the market. Additionally, Lievens details what they believe DarkSilk's relationship with Bitcoin is and the overall mission of the Silk Network itself.
The Silk Network Wants Users to ‘Conduct Free Speech, and Political Activities'
Bitcoin.com (BC): Can you explain to our readers what the Silk Network is?
Spencer Lievens (SL): It is likely that you have not heard of the underground team/project Silk Network, nor the ICO for DarkSilk(DSLK) which is due for release on the 5th of November. This is fully understandable as our team doesn't consist of marketers or promoters, but simply visionaries and visionary developers.
Silk Network strives to combine the best technical innovations from modern cryptocurrencies into a coherent ecosystem, thus ensuring security, anonymity, and long-term viability. Our platform consists of DarkSilk, Silk, and Weaver; the three parts which make up the tripartite of Silk Network.
On the 23rd of December 2015, we formed Silk Network Ltd., which is a for-profit organisation driven by its members who can mold and shape Silk Network. Our business model is focused on two pillars, servicing our Weaver platform with its features and stabilising the DarkSilk currency (yes stabilising the currency is a profitable process).
While most crypto-organisations rely on outside funding, the Silk Network aims to keep control over its own business process, and through that realise its goals, to be autonomous to that end would be a great achievement.
The value of Silk Network is apparent once the team, the vision and work achieved thus far are further brought to light.
BC: Can you tell us about the core team behind the Silk Network?
SL: The Silk Network team consists of 8 protagonists including myself, all of whom are involved with cryptocurrency for not just the social change it will bring, but to proactively improve the securing of the user via trustless systems, hardened algorithms, encryption, quantum cryptography, blockchain development, and decentralisation.
BC: What is the Weaver platform?
SL: What users will see Weaver as is a website that you log into and are presented with a dashboard. From there they can access many varied cryptographic services such as online wallets, mining services, forums, Stormnode hosting, encrypted messaging, the ability to pay Bitcoin invoices with either Silk or DarkSilk and API access to all facets of the system.
Users will have the option of three accounts tiers, Standard, Gold or Diamond. Standard accounts should be good enough for most users, but if a user wishes to have stealth addresses or algo auto-switching on the multipool, higher priority withdrawal, different payout options on the multipool or instant swap, then a paid account may be an option that will better suit them. These paid accounts can also be paid for using Silk, DarkSilk or Bitcoin and are monthly subscriptions. Users will have access via an API to every facet of Weaver such as their Dashboard, Woven, Mining and Analytics.
Weaver is also what handles the stabilisation mechanism, however, long term we are looking to decentralise this across the DarkSilk and Silk blockchains.
BC: Can you tell our readers about Stormnodes and how it differs from Dash's Masternodes?
SL: Primarily for end-users the use of the Stormnode network will come in the process of mixing their coins for Sandstorm and the signing of their InstantX transactions. For the user wanting to invest in DarkSilk and in turn Silk Network, then the Stormnode is an excellent option.
The Stormnodes collateral cost is 1000DSLK, which is locked whilst the Stormnode is running. During its operation users receive rewards of 0.382DSLK per block, and this offers a great return on investment. Unlike Dash' Masternodes the reward to Stormnode owners is not deducted from the Proof-of-Work reward.
Another benefit of the Stormnode network is the budgeting system; proposals can be made by any user on the network which is then voted upon by the Stormnode owners/operators. Voting power is given to those who have invested directly into a Stormnode and are actively increasing the anonymity of the userbase, processing quorums and supporting the network.
Silk Network will be directly utilising the Stormnode proposal platform to allow the community to vote on the direction of not just DarkSilk, Silk or Weaver, but the whole Silk Network.
For the network, another benefit of the Stormnode network is the use of them as a second tier of security. A Stormnode can confirm other tasks on the network, completely independent of the network itself, which allows for further applications to be developed by other developers and assigned to them. An example of one of these tasks or quorums is InstantX. A quorum we are looking to enable via the Stormnode network is a decentralised exchange which has been worked upon by Silk Network and Johnathan Turrall of MetaLair.
The Stormnode network within DarkSilk really does add an amazing factor to the Silk Network as a whole and its evolution.
BC: What is Sandstorm?
SL: PrivateSend in Dash is an improved and extended version of CoinJoin which has been rebranded in DarkSilk(DSLK) to Sandstorm. This allows users to attain fungibility by being able to anonymise their DarkSilk using the Stormnode network. The amount of rounds the coins are anonymised and the amount of coin anonymised, are both selectable. This gives the user the option to further increase their anonymity.
BC: How does DarkSilk (DSLK) differ from other privacy-centric cryptocurrencies such as Dash, Monero, and ShadowCash? Do you believe your project is a strong competitor against these other privacy-centric cryptocurrencies?
SL: Evan Duffield from Dash has been supportive and has said that they are happy to see a team take the work they are doing as seriously as we do and Ryno Mathee (Rynomster) from ShadowCash has contributed some work to the DarkSilk codebase as well. Monero, however, I have had no dealings with at all and can see their value as being based off of the precursor of, and it being accepted as a payment option on AlphaBay. However, the technology called OpenAlias which they use to create human readable addresses interests me.
Both Dash and ShadowCash offer an excellent level of privacy. However, price stability isn't something that either coin can offer, and DarkSilk combines the privacy functionality of both Dash and ShadowCash. I personally believe that we will be a strong competitor in time, in terms of userbase, codebase, transactions, stormnode network size, full nodes on the network and services available to the public.
BC: Why is Silk Network holding an ICO?
SL: Silk Network has worked tirelessly for two years on the project. With the ICO, Silk Network is able to introduce DarkSilk(DSLK) to the world, receive some well-earned development funds for future development and allow for initial DarkSilk(DSLK) distribution.
BC: Why is privacy and anonymity important to your team and development?
SL: Privacy limits the overall power of governments and corporation over individuals and builds trust and respect between the users and Silk Network. Anonymity allows users to conduct freedom of speech, social and political activities. These values are really deeply rooted in the team's personal values as individuals.
BC: Can you explain how DarkSilk (DSLK) will offer instantaneous transactions?
SL: The Stormnodes on the DarkSilk network carry out tasks such as Sandstorm, voting, budgeting and also InstantX transactions, these are what are known as quorums and require consensus between the Stormnodes.
When selecting to send an InstantX transaction, the amount the user wishes to send is pre-confirmed by the Stormnodes network which then locks the transaction, the Stormnodes reach consensus, then the transaction is sent. This process takes around ~5 seconds, and the receiving party gets a fully confirmed transaction signed with 10 confirmations.
BC: Does your team consider itself a competitor to Bitcoin or more of a complimentary cryptocurrency?
SL: Silk Network and the stability mechanism is dependent upon three units of account, DarkSilk, Silk and there needs to be a third medium to store value. Naturally, this is Bitcoin. If the hegemony in cryptocurrencies changes then the third pillar is up for debate. As it stands, we will be using Bitcoin as the third pillar.
BC: You have a decentralized marketplace on your roadmap can you tell our readers about this?
SL: We want to provide consumers with a way to transact in privacy and take it back to the time when looking over another's shoulder into their wallet was deemed impolite. Nowadays you are shunned if you don't show the contents of your wallet, no citizen should have something to hide is the new mantra.
For businesses this is different, they do need to be transparent, and they also need to be responsible for the services they provide or sell. Businesses and consumers should be treated differently, and it is this distinction that the Silk Network will be different from darknet markets. As long as the market is guaranteed that the products are legit, then the consumer can have their privacy.
Before the digital era, and even today, the buyer enters the marketplace, trade with the seller for cash, takes their goods with no record of the purchase needed and no names exchanged or any data recorded apart from the knowledge that the seller was credited and the buyer was debited, with this knowledge only shared by the parties involved in the trade. We want to bring this kind of anonymity into the digital world.
BC: Would your team be open to Darknet Markets accepting DarkSilk (DSLK) like they do with Monero? Or would your team be against this type of move?
SL: With DarkSilk being open source there is nothing we could do to prevent it from happening nor would we want to prevent the use of the currency DarkSilk(DSLK) on DNM's. Having a decentralised marketplace within DarkSilk, however, means that we would prefer to see traffic hitting our network than any other marketplace, including DNM's.
BC: What's the overall mission of the Silk Network?
SL: To present the world with a real usable currency that carries the same fundamental principles as traditional cash. Besides a stable value or adequate liquidity, anonymity also plays a key role. Beyond these, Silk Network will continue to develop features that will carry the platform far into the 21st century.
Thank you for speaking with us about the Silk Network, Spencer.
What do you think about the Silk Network? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock, Silk Network.
Did you know Bitcoin.com is throwing a blockchain conference in London this year? Our premiere event, Blockchain: Money, features the biggest innovators and executives in the industry. The event also takes place in the beautiful surroundings of 155 Bishopsgate, London on November 6-7, 2016. Reserve your tickets today!
UPDATE 12/18/12; 10.50 PST - Shirley Phelps Roper's Twitter account has now been suspended, after it was hijacked by another Twitter user using the handle CosmoTheGod. "Cosmo" is widely thought to be a 15-year-old American hacker who was arrested and banned from the Internet earlier this year after being accused of credit card fraud.  They are currently on probation, and cannot be named because they are a minor. Despite the populist nature of their actions, though, Cosmo could now get their probation revoked.
UPDATE 12/17/12; 13.20 PST - The Twitter feed of Westboro spokesperson Shirley Phelps Roper has been hacked by someone using the Twitter handle CosmoTheGod, starting with this tweet. The feed has been re-tweeting a stream of anti-Westboro messages for the last 11 hours.
-----
The hacktivist network Anonymous has released what it claims to be a cache of personal details of members of the Westboro Baptist Church, after members of the controversial religious group said on Twitter that they would picket Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, the scene of a mass shooting where 26 children and adults were killed on Friday.
Supporters of Anonymous, a subversive community of digital activists and internet trolls, appear to have taken down the extremist group's website, most likely through a distributed denial of service, or DDoS attack. They also posted a YouTube video threatening to "destroy" the group.
Westboro is a small extremist group based in Topeka, Kansas, notorious for picketing the funerals of soldiers and victims of shootings with tastelessly-worded placards, claiming tragic events are God's punishment for the existence of homosexuality.
A document posted on Pastebin earlier today claims to reveal physical addresses of the group's founding Phelps family, telephone numbers, even a social security number, as well as background information on the group and its close coterie of members. Anonymous supporters typically refer to this information as a target's "dox," though it is unclear how public these personal details already were for Westboro's members, given their controversial activities. Organizers with Anonymous are meanwhile encouraging supporters via Twitter to bombard the Kansas group with calls "all night and all day."
A representative of Westboro, possibly its regular spokesperson Shirley Phelps-Roper, also carried out a Reddit IAmA, or "Ask Me Anything," earlier Sunday under the nickname GodSentCTShooter, not surprisingly meeting very few questions and plenty of irritation from Redditors.
Westboro's apparently thick-skinned representatives almost seem to be baiting the wide community of web-savvy Internet users, a constituency that sees some overlap between a subversive network like Anonymous and discussion forums like Reddit.
That may be because this isn't the first time Westboro and Anonymous have clashed. In February 2011 a supporter of Anonymous took part in a radio debate with Shirley Phelps-Roper, during which a small group of hackers surprised Roper by taking down several parts of Westboro's site during the show.
Amid the more radical forms of dissent against Westboro from Anonymous, tens of thousands of people have signed two online, White House petitions against the group. Both seek to legally recognize Westboro as a hate group, its rhetoric so damaging that it can no longer be classified as "free speech," but "hate speech."
Related on Forbes:
A vial of measles vaccine at the Maricopa County Public Health Immunization Clinic in Phoenix. (Photo: David Wallace/The Republic)
An unknown number of people may have been exposed to the measles Jan. 11 at the Phoenix Children's East Valley Center in Mesa, The Republic has learned.
This exposure, which is in Maricopa County, involved a resident of Pinal County, a Pinal County official said during an interview with The Republic.
This exposure is in addition to the Jan. 20-21 measles exposure at the same center that Maricopa County reported to the media.
MEASLES OUTBREAK: What you need to know
RELATED: State working to contain measles, 1 person at a time
The Jan. 20-21 incident may have exposed 195 people. When asked about the Jan. 11 exposure, Maricopa County officials said it was a smaller exposure, involving fewer people. They said that initial exposure was handled by officials from Phoenix Children's Hospital, which is connected to the center.
Jane Walton, a spokesperson for the hospital, told The Republic on Friday they are researching the Jan. 11 exposure.
To date, Arizona has seven confirmed cases of the measles.
Five of the cases involve residents of Pinal County, the other two of Maricopa County.
An estimated 1,000 people may have been exposed to the measles through these cases.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1Bzr5JZ
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Rooney scored their 250th Manchester United goal to break Sir Bobby Charlton's club record and earn a 1-1 draw against Stoke.
The stoppage time equaliser, a free-kick, was the Red Devils captain's first goal in 15 Premier League games and cancelled out Juan Mata's own goal.
It salvaged some joy from an otherwise frustrating afternoon for United, breaking the Potters' resistance in the 94th minute. Rooney also became the highest away goalscorer in Premier League history with 88.
Whipped in with pace from the left side of the penalty area, Lee Grant was helpless to prevent the ball nestling into the top right corner.
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Rooney drew level with Sir Bobby's record against Reading in the 4-0 FA Cup victory on January 7, but failed to score against Hull and Liverpool.
It was only Rooney's fifth goal in all competitions this season under Mourinho and leaves United three points off fourth place having played a game more than Arsenal.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOUSTON, TX (KPRC) – He's had it for three years. Now, a Texas driver is being told to hand over their license plate, or it will be suspended. The state has deemed the plate unacceptable.
There are more than 120,000 personalized license plates available in Texas. Safeer Hasaan has had one on their Lamborghini for the last three years. It reads, "370h55V."
The problem is the state says this puzzling alpha-numeric jumble is no longer acceptable. They told them by letter, "It has been determined that the personalization is offensive."
The DMV has hummed this tune before, the standard for revocation: "Would it invoke a response from other drivers that would be driving past that vehicle."
Hasaan argues their plate doesn't meet that standard, "I definitely think the state is overreaching their boundaries."
Haven't figured it out why this plate could be considered offensive? How about when we flip it over? You're now looking at a blurred out cuss word, and it took the state some time to reach the conclusion. Apparently they don't think it's funny,"Cancellation will occur 30 days from the date of this letter."
Hasaan is welcome to find another personalized plate but won't be refunded if they don't."
Hassan is strongly considering appealing the state's decision but they have to do it in writing and they have to do it pretty quickly. It's better though than getting stuck with a fairly lame license plate like mine.
By: Joel Eisenbaum
Saturday Night Live has added a new castmember.
Leslie Jones has been promoted to a member of the main cast on NBC's long-running late-night sketch comedy series, The Hollywood Reporter confirms. They will begin this Saturday when Dumb and Dumber To star Jim Carrey returns to host.
Read more Chris Rock and Prince Set for 'Saturday Night Live'
The actor-comedian, who in January started as a writer on SNL, has been featured on Weekend Update numerous times since joining the program, most recently appearing on Bill Hader's Oct. 11 episode.
Jones was among the original comedians being considered for a spot in the main SNL cast in December 2013 after the long-running sketch series faced widespread criticism that its new cast lacked minority faces. Sasheer Zamata ultimately landed the gig.
Jones found themselves in a controversial situation when their Weekend Update A bit from May, "No. 1 Slave Draft Pick," riled media pundits and generated backlash on social media. In the segment, Jones congratulated Lupita Nyong'o, who had been named World's Most Beautiful by People, before saying that “back in the slave days, I woulda never been single.”
Read more 'Saturday Night Live' Mocks Missing Kim Jong-Un
Jones' SNL hiring comes weeks after the 40th anniversary season kicked off and marks the latest change to the ensemble cast, which counts Pete Davidson and Michael Che (who replaced Cecily Strong as Weekend Update co-anchor) as new additions.
Jones has experience in front of the camera, guest-starring in scripted comedies such as Workaholics and The League.  They are repped by APA and Integral Entertainment.
Email: Philiana.Ng@THR.com
Twitter: @insidethetube
Your first name
President Barack Obama is leaving the White House Thursday for the campaign trail in Colorado, Nevada and Wisconsin.
Colorado and Nevada have long been seen by their campaign as states that can carry them over the 270-vote threshold, but Wisconsin has been viewed as a safe state for their campaign.
Yet polls show a narrowing Obama advantage in the state. On Oct. 25, Rasmussen showed a tie with Gov. Mitt Romney at 49 percent.
Obama is slated to attend a rally at Green Bay, Wisc.
Vice President Joe Biden is also slated to hold two events in the state Nov. 2.
“The Vice President will highlight theirs and the President's vision for moving OUR COUNTRY forward with an economy built from the middle out, not the top down,” said a campaign statement.
GOP leaders are also campaigning for Wisconsin's votes.
Rep. Paul Ryan, the GOP's vice-presidential candidate is holding two rallies in the state Oct. 31.
Obama is ahead in Nevada — despite the terrible economy — partly because many of the workers in the gambling industry are unionized.
Colorado is a swing-state, although data suggest that Romney has a slight advantage in the state. RealClearPolitics' database of polls shows the race to close to call, but the most recent poll shows Romney ahead by one point, 48 percent to 47 percent.
Biden is slated to fly into Colorado Nov. 3.
Follow Neil on Twitter
Topeka — A senior policy analyst in New York says state officials misrepresented their research into unexpected drops in tax revenues in April and May so they could blame the federal government for poor performance and dismiss it as a fluke.
State tax revenues fell $217 million short of projections in May after coming up $92 million short in April, putting state revenue for the fiscal year roughly $310 million below estimates with only one month left, The Wichita Eagle reported.
Gov. Sam Brownback and officials with the Department of Revenue say the shortfalls were caused by federal tax changes and should not continue in the next fiscal year.
Others, including several economists and lawmakers, are afraid the shortfalls will be around awhile.
Lucy Dadayan, a policy analyst with the Rockefeller Institute of Government, told The Eagle the revenue department misrepresented their research about state tax revenue, and that Kansas could be forced to make cuts in the near future.
When they announced the May shortfall, revenue department officials pointed to an April report Dadayan co-authored that said states across the country are having trouble forecasting revenues because of uncertainties with the capital gains tax created by the fiscal cliff.
High-income earners across the country sold stock at the end of 2012 in anticipation of the federal tax on capital gains increasing because of the fiscal cliff. While that boosted income for that tax year and resulted in windfalls for states, many of them now are seeing 2014 revenues falling after the previous year's inflation.
“Kansas has been affected by this one-time 2013 tax year event. This is evidenced by a 47 percent drop in April and May payments attributed primarily to capital gains,” the Department of Revenue said in its release.
But Dadayan's report goes far beyond that in casting blame for the plight of Kansas, one of six states to experience a double-digit percentage decline in personal income tax revenue.
“The large declines in Delaware, Kansas, and North Dakota are mostly attributable to the legislative changes that cut income tax rates as well as restructured tax brackets,” the report states.
Dadayan said the capital gains phenomenon had a bigger impact in states like California and New York that rely more on nonwage income.
“Of course the fiscal cliff had an impact in almost every state that has income tax,” they said. “But Kansas is a special case because they had the largest tax cut in their history . and the large tax cuts in income tax is the primary cause of the declining revenues.”
Revenue Secretary Nick Jordan said the department quoted the report “to show that other states were experiencing the same thing.”
“That's the quote we used, and that's why we did it,” they said.
Brownback disputed the notion that Kansas' shortfalls were self-inflicted and insisted they were the product of an ailing national economy.
“We'll finish this year with several hundred million dollars cash on hand . so we're going to be in fine shape,” they said. “We projected a dip.
We've had good overall performance of our agencies being able to hold back costs, so it's two sides of the equation.”
During Tuesday night's vice presidential debate, Republican Mike Pence challenged Democrat Tim Kaine on how Kaine, as a Catholic, can be pro-choice and support Hillary Clinton's agenda.
Kaine responded that we should “trust women” to make their own moral choices, and added that the Trump-Pence ticket “wants to punish women” who have abortions.
“Donald Trump and I would never support legislation that would punish women who make the heartbreaking choice to end a pregnancy,” Pence said.
“Then why would they say that?” Kaine challenged.
“Look, they are not a polished politician like you and Hillary Clinton,” Pence replied.
There are a couple of things to sort out here. First of all, as Pence acknowledged, Trump did in fact say in a March interview with Chris Matthews that if abortion were outlawed, there would have to be “some form of punishment” for the women who have them. Trump frantically walked it back, and ended up taking five different positions on abortion in three days, but punishment was their initial stance.
But more important than what Trump did or didn't say in that interview is what they and Pence say they will do about abortion.
Trump has said he'll nominate pro-life justices to the Supreme Court who would overturn Roe, and they could have the chance to nominate as many as four.
The extreme anti-abortion bills that Pence has pushed, both in Congress and as governor of Indiana, would have arguably “punished” women who sought abortions in a wide variety of ways — from forcing women to cremate or bury the remains of an early miscarriage, to letting women die if they had a life-threatening pregnancy complication in a Catholic hospital that refused to perform a medically necessary abortion.
If Trump and Pence got their way, Roe v. Wade could indeed be in the “ash heap of history,” as Pence put it.
And if that happened — whether abortion were outlawed or more heavily criminalized in America — there's no denying that women would indeed face criminal punishment, regardless of what lawmakers intended.
That's because even today, when abortion is supposed to be legal in America, women can be arrested or jailed on suspicion of self-inducing an abortion — most famously last year in Mike Pence's own state of Indiana.
The mainstream pro-life movement says women wouldn't be criminally punished if abortion were outlawed
The idea of prosecuting women for having abortions is definitely not something the pro-life movement is willing to publicly advocate.
Pro-life leaders were quick to condemn Trump's initial comment about “punishment.” "Mr. Trump's comment today is completely out of touch with the pro-life movement and even more with women who have chosen such a sad thing as abortion," said Jeanne Mancini, president of the March for Life Education and Defense Fund, in a statement at the time. "No pro-lifer would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion."
Mainstream anti-abortion advocates usually insist that women should not be thrown in jail for having abortions because they are, in fact, "second victims" of the procedure. These advocates maintain that women won't go to jail if abortion is made illegal again. Instead, anti-abortion laws target doctors who perform the procedures.
But women can already be prosecuted for abortion in America
It's true that the abortion restrictions on the books right now mostly target doctors. But it's unfortunately not true that women would never be thrown in jail for abortion in America. Even after Roe, women who have miscarriages but who are suspected of self-inducing an abortion outside of a doctor's care sometimes face criminal charges.
Last year, Purvi Patel of Indiana was the first woman to be sentenced to jail in the US for the crime of "feticide" for allegedly terminating their own pregnancy. They were sentenced to 20 years in prison, but that conviction was later overturned and Patel was released on 18 months of time served.
Patel was not the first woman criminally charged, nor was they the last. National Advocates for Pregnant Women has documented hundreds of cases of women whose pregnancy outcomes have led to their criminal prosecution.
The charges vary from manslaughter to "improper disposal of fetal remains." Anna Yocca was initially charged with first-degree murder late last year for giving themselves a coat hanger abortion in Tennessee, but prosecutors have dropped those charges. They still might charge them with aggravated assault, though, and she's been sitting in jail since December.
This happens even in states that explicitly prohibit criminal charges against women for ending their own pregnancies. And since many women will try to self-induce an abortion if no other legal alternative is available, it's hard to imagine a world where abortion is outlawed but women are given a free pass to try to do it themselves.
What a Trump-Pence administration would, and could, actually do on abortion
Trump wrote a letter to pro-life groups in September that made several specific promises — all of which read like an essential wish list for the pro-life movement.
Some of these policies would make abortion and contraception less accessible. And others could actively outlaw abortion in America, especially if Trump presides over a Republican Congress:
Trump will appoint Supreme Court justices who would vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. This is the biggest deal when it comes to Trump's actual personal power to influence reproductive rights policy if elected president. Whoever wins this election could end up appointing as many as four new Supreme Court justices as the current justices age or retire, which could shape the Court's ideology for decades to come.
This is the biggest deal when it comes to Trump's actual personal power to influence reproductive rights policy if elected president. Whoever wins this election could end up appointing as many as four new Supreme Court justices as the current justices age or retire, which could shape the Court's ideology for decades to come. Trump promised to sign a 20-week abortion ban — which could also help overturn Roe v. Wade. Congress has tried and failed to pass a national 20-week abortion ban in the past, but it could very easily become law if Trump is president and if Republicans have big enough majorities.
Supporters of 20-week abortion bans make the scientifically unsupported claim that fetuses can feel pain at 20 weeks — but it's no secret that Republicans and anti-abortion advocates also want to pass these bills because they contradict Roe v. Wade, and could form the basis of a direct Supreme Court challenge. (Roe protects a woman's right to an abortion before a fetus is viable, which doesn't happen until well after the 20-week mark.)
In other words: Trump wants to nominate Supreme Court justices who would be willing to overturn Roe, and then sign the bill that would give them the chance to do exactly that.
Trump will pursue policies that would make abortion, and other reproductive health care like contraception, more expensive and harder to come by. Trump promises that they are committed to defunding Planned Parenthood and “re-allocating their funding to community health centers.” But as Vox's Sarah Kliff explained, Planned Parenthood plays such a pivotal role in women's reproductive health care that it's just not realistic to expect community health centers to take over for it — and that means a lot of people would lose their access to affordable contraception and other basic health care if Planned Parenthood went away.
And while Hillary Clinton has pledged to overturn the Hyde amendment — which would mean helping low-income women afford abortion services by letting public programs like Medicaid pay for them — Trump promised in their letter to pro-life groups that they will do the opposite, and make the Hyde amendment permanent.
The one thing Trump didn't mention in this letter is whether abortion bans should include “exceptions” for cases of rape, incest, or life endangerment. The GOP platform currently calls for a “human life amendment” to the Constitution that would not only ban abortion without exception but also ban certain forms of contraception.
Trump has said before that they would liberalize the GOP's abortion platform by adding exceptions — but they haven't really mentioned that again since picking Pence as their running mate. And Trump has given no indication that he's willing to rock the mainstream GOP boat on this issue.
(AP Photo/J. David Ake)
As much as any Web site claims to be an Amazon or a Kayak for health insurance, shopping for health insurance is still pretty difficult. Don't just take my word for it — just ask a health economist.
How people get their health insurance is undergoing a major transformation, in part because of changes in how employers are providing benefits and the Affordable Care Act's coverage expansion. An estimated 25 million people will have individual coverage through Obamacare's health insurance marketplaces within just a few years, while an Accenture report found another 3 million people in 2014 received employer health coverage through similar private insurance marketplaces, or exchanges — where enrollment is projected to soon surpass the ACA exchanges, according to a couple of recent estimates.
That all adds up to tens of millions of people buying health insurance on their own. They could use some help — and a painless-as-possible shopping experience that ultimately ends with them picking the best possible health plan for their particular situation. And here's where technology and health care firms are looking to step in.
There's a simple reason why buying health insurance isn't as easy as buying a big-screen television — with a TV, you pretty much know what you're going to get after you buy it. It's not the same with your health. You can have a reasonable expectation for how much health-care services you'll consume in the coming year, but an accident or an illness could throw a wrench in those plans. So buying the right health insurance plan comes down to your health care needs and your ability to tolerate financial risk if the unexpected happens.
In all, there are about an astounding 900,000 variables that go into choosing the right health plan, according to the founders of Picwell, a new company from University of Pennsylvania professors who are using predictive analytics to help people shop for the best coverage — in no more than four or five personal questions. People using Picwell's technology are asked their age, sex, zip code, any medications they're taking and, if they want, they can also include their doctor in their search. The company's algorithms — which cull from public and private claims data and demographic information — then spit out a few recommended health plans.
"There's a big issue for consumers that you almost have to become an expert in health benefits — you have to understand all the way down to the micro level the cost structure," said Picwell chief executive Jay Silverstein, a longtime veteran of the health insurance industry. "We have all that seamlessly built in."
Minnesota's state-run exchange recently hired the company to determine whether people shopping in the health insurance marketplace for the first time this past year purchased the best coverage for them.
"We are very focused on getting Minnesotans into the most comprehensive coverage at the best price possible, and the tools being developed by Picwell add another layer to our existing efforts," said Jenni Bowring-McDonough, spokesperson for the Minnesota exchange. "We believe their work will help us better identify and target populations and individuals who may need more information in order to choose the very best coverage."
Several other state-run ACA marketplaces have also expressed interest in adding decision support tools that would make it easier for shoppers — many buying coverage for the first time — to pick the right plan, said Katherine Hempstead, a director at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. Hempstead's organization is overseeing a challenge for developers to build such tools that would help customers understand coverage options, including how much they're likely to pay out of their own pockets beyond just the cost of monthly premiums.
"Nobody can wade through that landscape," Hempstead said. "There are so many salient features of how cost-sharing works in these plans, it's actually a difficult decision for consumers."
Most private exchanges offering employer coverage offer some sort of online decision-support tool, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation report this fall. As the report points out, there seems to be some growing ease with these tools — Aon Hewitt in 2014, the second year of its exchange, saw significantly more of its enrollees rely on these kinds of technology tools to compare plan benefits and provider networks.
Liazon, another private exchange, highlights the top three health plan recommendations based on information that consumers provide. About two-thirds of the time, consumers using Liazon will pick among or near the highest-recommended plans, estimates Alan Cohen, who founded the company in 2007. In all, it takes just about two minutes to fill out all the information Liazon's recommendation engine needs, according to Cohen.
"There's always a battle between asking more and more information and making it easier to get through," they said. "The perfect recommendation engine would have someone sit down for an hour and answer questions, but you can't do that. You have to be able to get people in and out."
But will this technology make it more likely that people will make shopping for health insurance an annual ritual to possibly get themselves a better deal? The evidence so far seems to suggest no. After two years, the vast majority of enrollees in private exchanges stuck with their coverage — which Kaiser said is either a sign of inertia or that enrollees are happy with their coverage. RWJF's Hempstead said the technology market for these tools is still developing in response the expected growth in consumers shopping for their own health insurance. "We're trying to sell a product to consumers that wasn't really designed to be sold directly," they said. "When I think about all the different [health plan] features, I feel like we're really asking a lot of consumers here."
Shelly Glover, MP for Saint Boniface, demanded Friday that the Manitoba government appeal the decision to allow Vince Li, who beheaded a fellow passenger on a Greyhound bus in 2008, to take unescorted trips.
The Criminal Code Review Board is allowing Li unsupervised leaves from the mental hospital where they have been receiving treatment since being found not criminally responsible for the killing of Tim McLean, 22.
It means Li will be on their own in public for the first time since they stabbed McLean and then ate parts of their body six years ago.
Glover, the government's heritage and official languages minister, said in a statement that the "insensitive" decision "is an insult not only to the family of Tim McLean but to all law-abiding Manitobans."
They said the province should have raised objections as the review board considered whether Li should be granted the extended liberties, and they are calling on the province to appeal its decision to approve them.
Province fires back at Glover
A spokesperson for the Manitoba government accused Glover of "trying to score political points with a very serious issue of public safety."
Rachel Morgan, who works in the cabinet communications office, said the review board that made the decision is under federal jurisdiction, "established under federal legislation and adheres to the federal Criminal Code."
The Manitoba government has asked the federal government a number of times to make public safety "the primary consideration when making decisions on these cases."
Morgan said if changes had been made it would have had an impact on the decision involving Li, but added those changes have yet to be enacted by the federal government.
Glover's full statement
Club president Jean-Claude Dassier has revealed Deschamps and Anigo were in disagreement over several potential signings - as well as the controversial exit of Hatem Ben Arfa to Newcastle and Mamadou Niang to Fenerbahce - and have only now patched up their working relationship.
But those tensions did not stop the club launching a bid to sign Drogba, the player they sold to Chelsea for £24 million in 2004, and they could try again in the near future.
"We even tried to bring in Drogba, but this has not been possible," Dassier said. "We'll see, you should never give up in life."
Dassier revealed that Deschamps and Anigo had met for clear-the-air talks after a testing summer.
"This helped dispel some of the misunderstandings," they said.
"They said what they thought of each other, it's good.
"The tensions are behind us. Today they are working together again after a complicated month."
Dassier revealed the two men disagreed on the departure of top scorer Mamadou Niang, who left for Fenerbahce after asking to be sold due to the arrivals of Andre-Pierre Gignac and Loic Remy, while the club's attempt and failure to sign Alou Diarra from Bordeaux also led to disagreements.
Ben Arfa, who went on strike to force through a move to Newcastle, also caused problems.
However, Dassier insisted Deschamps was still the club's first choice to remain in charge throughout, and they never stopped looking to the future, as evidenced by the attempt to bring Drogba back to the Velodrome.
I've read all fifty years' worth of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway annual letters to shareholders. You can too, for just three dollars. Their latter-day letters are the more well-known ones, as they really hit their stride as a quipster in the 1980's. But the earlier ones are a lot more interesting.
In the late 1960's Buffett began writing to shareholders explaining their desire to buy the common stocks of other corporations with Berkshire's excess cash. Interestingly, Buffett wrote these letters but they were signed by someone else at first, the sitting CEO of the company.
Their explanation for dabbling in outside investments was that the textile business was prone to huge cyclical swings and was, quite possibly, facing a more existential threat thanks to plunging prices and the need for heavy spending on equipment. Stocks, Buffett argued, could smooth out the annual returns to shareholders and enhance them in the long run if they were prudent in identifying value.
And it worked. The first few annual letters betray a sense of elation at the fact that rising stocks were offsetting the travails of the textile industry, just as they had anticipated.
And then the bear market of 1973-1974 hit and Buffett didn't have anything encouraging to say about their stockholdings at all. It was a mess from top to bottom as the S&P went through the convulsions that would bring it into a 50% drawdown in short order. Buffett's value picks weren't spared the destruction.
But Buffett persevered in their strategy, using their writing ability to maintain the faith among the company's shareholders, employees and even their fellow managers, who must surely have been shaken up by the bear market that slammed the company from both directions. They continued to follow the teachings of their mentor, Ben Graham, investing where stocks were too cheap to ignore.
You know the rest. He's become the richest investor in history and the decaying husk of their New England textile company shed itself to reveal a gleaming insurance empire with large investments in some of the greatest American corporations of all time.
I consider David Einhorn to be one of history's great investors – if not on the same level as Buffett, certainly in the same conversation. Einhorn is coming off of a horrific year, during which they were short the two top-performing stocks in the S&P 500 and long two of the worst ten. Their trade timing was terrible even on the longs and shorts they were right about. All told, their Greenlight Capital fund lost 20% in 2015 with the S&P 500's total return around plus-1%.
This week, Einhorn's year-end letter to their clients surfaced and it's a must-read for serious investors everywhere. What does an elite investor do after a year like the one Greenlight has just gone through? I think you handle it in exactly the way David Einhorn has – an unflinching autopsy detailing what went wrong.
Einhorn's assessment of their firm's process and the bigger picture of the investing environment throughout the year gives investors exactly what they need to hear in order to determine whether or not they should stay. It is honest, critical and, above all, brimming with humility.
And humility is probably the thing that separates good investors from the truly great ones over time. You cannot be a market participant and completely avoid the possibility of having a terrible year. This is because all good investors adhere to a particular style, and, by definition, styles go in and out of favor.
What Buffett was doing in 1974 wasn't broken, it was simply out of favor. Other more market-timing oriented strategies just temporarily looked better. What Einhorn was doing during the dot com bubble years wasn't broken, it was just out of favor. Value investing was out, hyperbolic growth investing just temporarily looked better.
Investors without the humility to admit mistakes are not going to last long. On the other hand, good investors who are willing to analyze their mistakes and be frank about what environments will and will not favor their strategies have the chance to transcend and become great.
I recommend Einhorn's full letter for investors at all levels of experience and education. You are going to lose sometimes, no matter how good you are. This is how to lose right.
Greenlight Capital Q4 Letter To Investors (Value Walk)
I have long nurtured this thoroughly depressing conviction that the United States, far from being a shining city on the hill, has become one of the most corrupt of nations. Why does America have more lawyers than the rest of the world combined? It is because the corruption has been institutionalized at every level of political life and is protected by laws and procedures created precisely to enable elites to maintain dominance over the rest of us. I appreciate that my viewpoint may be regarded as somewhat simplistic as I am neither a judge nor a lawyer, and I do concede that many of those in the legal profession are both honest and dedicated to the Constitution. Still, the bad taste of the past 11 years continues to remind me that there is something seriously wrong with how our political system and rule of law operate.
Take, for example, the issues of lobbying and political contributions. Lobbying, which essentially consists of advocacy on behalf of groups that promote their own interests at others' expense, is legal and even encouraged at the federal, state, and local levels in the United States. It distorts the perception of the public interest and lines the pockets of both the lobbyists and those who possess the resources to commission the lobbying. The politicians who are corrupted are frequently rewarded after their terms of office expire. Lobbying rarely serves the people of the United States, and in many parts of the world it would be regarded as what it in fact is — a particularly pervasive form of political corruption.
And then there is the corruption of the system caused by the perceived need by politician-aspirants to raise vast sums of money to get nominated and elected to office. Once in office, the politicians reward their financial supporters, awarding ambassadorships at the top end, providing patronage-level government jobs lower down the food chain, and relying on earmarks to generate returns in a more direct fashion. Does anyone seriously think the casino magnate Sheldon Adelson's funding of Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich with tens of millions of dollars is disinterested? Adelson is a passionate Israel-firster, so much so that they have said they are ashamed of having served in the U.S. Army and would prefer to have the Israeli Defense Forces on their resumé. Gingrich is their man because Adelson perceives that Newt will do Israel's bidding in the Middle East. It is as simple as that. Rick Santorum is likewise largely funded by multi-millionaire Foster Friess, who recently described the best method of birth control as an aspirin placed between a woman's knees. They will no doubt cash in their markers if the nomination and electoral process are successful for theirs candidate.
And as for the impartiality and “blindness” of the law, fuggedaboutit. Repeated attempts to get the Israeli lobby AIPAC to register as an agent of a foreign power, as required by law, have failed because the Justice Department refuses to do what is right when confronted by a powerful constituency, no matter how strong the case against it may be. Or if you or I were to go to our neighbor's house, tie them to a board, and force water up their nose until they think that they are drowning, we would be sent to jail for many years. But when the government does the same thing, the White House gives the perpetrators a pass, even though the activity is clearly illegal under international law and according to the U.N. Convention Against Torture, to which the United States is a signatory. The entire matter is brushed off, with the president and attorney general claiming in a high-minded fashion that they are looking forward rather than backward, a convenient subterfuge to hide behind when not enforcing the law of the land.
And if you are the government and want to kill an American citizen without any due process and without any regard for the Bill of Rights, you get an obliging Justice Department lawyer to draft a memo. If you want to pluck someone out of their home and send them to a military prison for the remainder of their days without any recourse or appeal, you insert language into a defense appropriation act that is then dutifully passed by Congress and becomes law. If you choose to stage a lethal drone attack on a country with which you are not at war, you declare it a “constabulary” action. All legal and neat. Obama and Holder's condoning criminality has apparently morphed out of the change that some believed in back in 2008, and, quite frankly, we the people have been shafted by the lies of yet another slick politician aided and abetted by a corrupt and venal Congress.
You might consider challenging the government on some of these issues in court, right? That is why we have an independent judiciary, isn't it? But you can forget about that, because even if your case surmounts the hurdles to get into a courtroom, the Justice Department can cite the state-secrets privilege to derail your efforts, whether or not anything that is actually secret is about to be revealed. Obama has already cited the privilege more frequently than George W. Bush did in their eight years in office.
So the question becomes, why do the American people put up with the venality and outright criminality that seem to have become part and parcel of our polity? Well, it could easily be argued that most Americans have been sold a bill of goods and, in exchange for material comforts and empty assurances, are quite comfortable in having their liberties stripped from them.
I have recently finished a fascinating book relating to the rise to power of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. The book, The Liberty of Servants: Berlusconi's Italy, is by Maurizio Viroli, who teaches politics at Princeton University. Viroli's arguments about what has happened in Italy and how it developed culturally and politically resonated with me and made much clearer the genesis of the political malaise that has engulfed the United States.
Viroli explains that there are two types of liberty. Given Italy's historical and social context, they describe them as the liberty of the servant and the liberty of the citizen. In the United States, given our own history, it might be more appropriate to refer to them as the citizen and the slave. The slave or the servant might believe that they lead an enviable life if they have a good master who only beats them occasionally. They may have food, drink, a place to sleep, and freedom to do what they wish. But what makes them a servant or a slave is their unwillingness to address their fundamental condition, that someone else has absolute power over them and can do anything they want at any time and for any or no reason.
In the modern context, a citizen of a state can have what they think to be considerable freedom in their daily life, but they will frequently fail to understand that they lack real freedom. Viroli calls it trading political liberty for private freedom. The freedom that the slave possesses is an illusion, sometimes derived from a situation that Viroli describes as a “veiled tyranny.” In a veiled tyranny, the government takes office through legal or constitutional means but gradually subverts the checks and balances that prevent it from behaving arbitrarily. If the government is a good one, respectful of individual rights and mindful of its limitations, there will be a constitution in place that protects one from arbitrary rule or capricious behavior by officials.
The constitution also protects the individual from mob rule, since in a pure democracy unchecked by constitutional restraints a majority can always vote in laws that diminish the rights of the minority and that can lead to autocratic rule. The constitutional system breaks down when an individual (Berlusconi in the case of Italy) or a bipartisan system of control (in the case of the United States) disregards the rules that it is supposed to play by and becomes powerful enough to either ignore or change the laws to its advantage and to the disadvantage of the average citizen. This is precisely what has occurred in the United States over the past 11 years, with an over-mighty executive completely shifting the power relationship between the government and those who are governed and passing laws that constantly erode the rights of the individual. We the people now have little real power even if every two years we are allowed to choose between two different forms of the same despotism at the ballot box.
Viroli's proposed solution for Italy, a revival of civic sense and responsibility, is not exactly the formula that would work for a larger and more diverse nation like the United States. Here the problem is rooted in money, power relationships, and the misguided belief that the law is somehow impartial and the government is not oppressive. Voters inhabit a comfort zone in which they have material wealth but no real say in what happens in their lives. They think they are free because they can choose from many brands of cereal and flat-screen televisions, but their liberty is an illusion, the freedom of a slave for all its emoluments. Reading the Constitution of the United States and the Federalist Papers tells one what the liberty of a citizen should be, as part of an engaged people that understands that citizenship entails duties and responsibilities as well as benefits. Thomas Jefferson said that “Every generation [of Americans] needs a new revolution.” The American people must be prepared to defend to the death their rights against all comers, including their own government.
Read more by Philip Giraldi
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thorsteinson will now rejoin the museum's fundraising arm as a board member instead.
There is no word yet on a replacement for Thorsteinson -- whose abrupt decision to leave the board was met with silence from the federal government that initially appointed him.
OTTAWA -- The Canadian Museum for Human Rights is now without a board chairperson as the institution grapples not only with cost overruns but also delays in its opening.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 16/12/2011 (2628 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 16/12/2011 (2628 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
WAYNE GLOWACKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS The sweeping front entrance of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights at The Forks is a work in progress.
OTTAWA — The Canadian Museum for Human Rights is now without a board chairperson as the institution grapples not only with cost overruns but also delays in its opening.
Winnipeg business heavyweight Arni Thorsteinson's resignation takes affect Jan. 1.
WAYNE GLOWACKI/WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Tour of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights at The Forks. View from the Fifth Floor.
There is no word yet on a replacement for Thorsteinson — whose abrupt decision to leave the board was met with silence from the federal government that initially appointed him.
Thorsteinson will now rejoin the museum's fundraising arm as a board member instead.
"He has been a tremendous supporter of the project from early days and will continue to focus their efforts on private-sector fundraising as a member of the Friends of the CMHR's Board," said museum spokesperson Angela Cassie. "We are all extremely grateful for their contribution."
Thorsteinson did not return phone calls Friday.
Theirs is the latest in a string of resignations that have plagued the museum this year.
Last winter, chief operating officer Patrick O'Reilly left their position. Shortly after that Victoria Dickenson, the chief knowledge officer, departed for Ontario.
The project is also plagued with financial woes and time delays. Earlier this year, the museum suddenly announced it would not be able to open in 2013 as planned. This week it admitted even a 2014 opening may be in jeopardy.
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Arni Thorsteinson
Cassie told the Free Press this week while construction of the building at The Forks will be finished next year as planned, the museum isn't issuing contracts for inside work because it does not have the money in hand to pay for the work and materials.
Sources say the museum is as much as $45 million over its $310-million construction budget, mainly because of the rising costs of interior work and the technology needed for the unique exhibits that are planned. One highly placed government official said the CMHR is now looking for bridge financing from Ottawa to help cover that shortfall and Thorsteinson's departure is linked to those discussions.
The federal government originally invested $100 million in capital and $21.7 million annually for operating costs. The Friends of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights are on the hook to raise $150 million from private donors. They are $20 million away from that goal.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The province contributed $40 million in capital and the city offered $20 million.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has flatly refused to provide any more capital grants or operating dollars to the project.
Thorsteinson's term wasn't supposed to end until June 2012. They have been involved with the museum for several years as a fundraiser. They also chaired the advisory committee that consulted across Canada about what content the museum should develop.
Manitoba regional minister Vic Toews, who has local authority for the government's role in the project, deflected questions about the museum to Heritage Minister James Moore.
A spokesperson for Moore said the minister had no comment.
mia.rabson@freepress.mb.ca
More Images
Forum Posts: 6289 Comment #1 by Martain2 Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 02:12:15 PM (0)
£10 it'll be the slim
Forum Posts: 1564 Comment #2 by NightRusticDawn Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 02:26:23 PM (0)
Slim.
Forum Posts: 839 Comment #3 by HolyBeast Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 02:30:48 PM (0)
Slim & Neo
Forum Posts: 1024 Comment #4 by FiL Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 03:32:07 PM ( -1 )
PS4 Neo and a new Handheld console, PS4 Slim is nothing special to make an announcement about.
Forum Posts: 722 Comment #5 by Scarfacew00t Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 04:09:25 PM ( -2 )
Yeah, thats why since the last software update the PS4's started lagging and crashing like a bitch at least twice a session (2-4h). I know they do this on purpose, samsung and apple does the same exact shit with their phones.
I would not be surprised if any day one or (old gen ps4) buyers find themselves with a fucking brick on their shelves in 6 months or a year.
They know most of the PS4 users won't buy the Neo or whatever it is called, they already have a ps4! Solution? Spam the machine with software update up the ass until it bricks for everyone.
Seriously Sony, I used to love you, but that greed upon your fans will lead to your end. I have no issues turning back and use my pc instead, or my xbox, or my snes, you know.. things that actually work like they are intended to.
I'm sure I'm not the only one getting these random system crash errors occuring simply by navigating the home screen.
We all know they work on a more powerfull ps4 for the VR thing, they don't want this VR thing to go dead day 1 since it's not compatible with the old PS4.. doing the maths on this is pretty easy sony. Not clever, not clever at all.
Forum Posts: 1104 Comment #6 by wrestlefanatic77 Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 04:26:52 PM (0)
Rather surprised we are already getting a slim when the PS4 is just 3 years old.
Forum Posts: 26 Comment #7 by Rixiden Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 05:06:03 PM (0)
@5
Geez...conspiracy theorist much? I call BS. They already said Neo is intended to compliment the already existing ps4. My speculation Is that it will be a hardware accelerator that plugs in somehow to boost performance
Forum Posts: 722 Comment #8 by Scarfacew00t Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 06:36:44 PM (0)
@7 The current ps4 cannot and will not be upgraded physicaly. You can't download ram, you can't replace the gpu unit nor the cpu either. This is all built in. Just wait till your ps4 crashes on the home screen, we'll talk conspiracy after.
Forum Posts: 33 Comment #9 by AirborneRichard Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 06:44:14 PM (0)
People the NEO will be just as the Xbox One Scorpio an 4K upgrade kinda console, both have a higher CPU unit and more RAM to make 4K possible. If you not have a 4K TV, buying one will be useless if you don,t own one. Besides game developers have to make games that will support 4K resolutions.
Forum Posts: 722 Comment #10 by Scarfacew00t Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 07:35:16 PM (0)
@9 They will also support VR, thing the the current PS4 can't offer due to gpu incompatibility. They said it themselves, actual ps4 won't offer VR. It's not just a 4K thing, that would be the dumbest waste of "investment" in R&D ever over a console.
Forum Posts: 1349 Comment #11 by Nakatomi_Uk Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 07:54:28 PM ( 1 )
The slim looks ugly really ugly
Forum Posts: 556 Comment #12 by PViddy Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 09:15:03 PM ( -2 )
MAAAAAAAN, FUCK ALL YOU HATERS! Sony will do right by us like they always do. Some people will find anything to whine about. "Oh poor me, playstation plus is going up $10 for the year." Big fucking deal it's $10. "Fuck Sony for giving us crap for plus games." Be grateful they are giving you anything for free at all. "The old PS4 won't support the new VR, now I gotta buy a NEO." Cry me damn river, don't get sucked into these new generations of gaming if you aren't prepared to do an upgrade. I realize it's not something you enjoy doing, hell none of us do. You can't sit back and balme Sony for the choices they make though. If you want Sony to continue to kick Microsofts ass then the upgrades have to continue. It's no different then having to upgrade your new phone every 6 months. All of these upgrades are optional though remember that. The VR games will be compatible with the old PS4s, just not in VR quality. Meaning you will be able to play those games without VR. I've been Beta Testing the new 4.0 PS4 update and let me tell you in is AWESOME! The changes they don't mention are wonderful. People just need to quit complaining about Sony this and Sony that all the time. I bought an XBox One for my kid and I think the XBone is completely non-user friendly. XBones interface is absolutely atrocious. The damn thing is nothing more than a glorified VCR. I will stand by Sony as long as they continue to provide systems like PS4. Granted they still haven't gotten it perfect but give them time, they will. Years down the road there will only be 2 systems, Sony & Ninetendo. Only these 2 can coincide bc they appeal to to different age groups. Nintendo paved the way and appeal to children and those that were a kid when the NES released. Sony has everyone else. If Microsoft continues to fuck up their systems they will lose their fan base real quick. So many XBoners have switched to PS4 and the ones that haven't are just too afraid to swallow their pride and admit defeat. Sony is where it's at and will always be.
Forum Posts: 722 Comment #13 by Scarfacew00t Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 10:28:15 PM ( 1 )
@12 So you're saying that it's now ok to REBUY a gaming system just because Sony decide you have to do it? Every 3-4 years? If it was the PS5 we're talking about I would be the first in line to buy it. But forcing us to rebuy a system that we already have because they didnt planned ahead of time. No, just no. I can't cope with that.
Forum Posts: 556 Comment #14 by PViddy Monday, September 05, 2016 @ 10:43:34 PM (0)
@13 then that's your problem... remember the upgrade isn't mandatory... only if ya want the VR experience. I personally could careless about the VR headset for now. Like I said if ya can't handle the way upgrades go then perhaps you should rethink gaming bc this is how it's gonna be from here on out bud. I buy a new PS4 every 6 months bc of Limited Editions and what not so the upgrade thing won't bother me at all. I know to some they can't afford this luxury. What everyone fails to realize is the current PS4 could get some kind of external device to up whatever is needed to run a VR. Don't shit on Sony until it all comes about. Besides that NEO last I knew won't be releasing until next year but the VR releases in October. So unless i'm wrong about release dates and whatnot then the current PS4 must be able to run VR. So who really knows, until shit gets released then nobody really knows what the fuck their talking about.
Forum Posts: 722 Comment #15 by Scarfacew00t Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 12:30:53 AM (0)
@14 They stated themselves that the current ps4 wont handle vr. My point was only that sony releases software updates for the ps4 that it can barely handle. I don't mind buying an other ps4, but doing so by being forced to because they put updates that slow the system down, forcing and upgrade in hardware is malicious from sony. There wont be any kind of hardware upgrades available to match the neo specs.
Forum Posts: 246 Comment #16 by Liamnator1005 Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 12:37:12 AM (0)
The current PS4 system CAN RUN VR, the VR headset has its own box to help run the on the first version of PS4 hardware. It's what all demos at E3 have been shown on and what you can play at those events.
Sony can't sell a VR release now and say the games will work on ALL systems as it can land them in shit
Forum Posts: 124 Comment #17 by statman Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 07:20:27 AM (0)
Some people get some seriously bad info from places, lol.
Forum Posts: 688 Comment #18 by Pure_Breed-1 Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 08:36:54 AM (0)
@15
You have been seriously scarred by the cell phone industry...... But you got to remember Moore's law, technology gets better every 2 years.
Forum Posts: 49 Comment #19 by JoeyLYCAN Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 11:07:04 AM (0)
Nobody is being forced to buy anything......why is that even being brought up. It's a choice. It's cool but I really don't care about VR, maybe in a couple years with the price is worth it but I can't justify the cost of VR at the moment. My launch PS4 is still running perfectly fine!
Forum Posts: 55 Comment #20 by MAXTHUNDER99 Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 12:34:43 PM (0)
@Comment #15 by Scarfacew00t
Haven't had any problems with my PS4 with crashing every 2-4 hours. If it's still under warranty then give SONY a call.
This should be an exciting time that we are getting a VR Headset and maybe possibly a couple new consoles but instead most everyone is whining about them. When console owners complained about the power of the PS4 being to limited SONY has listened and decided to design a more powerful console and then there is still whining about it. SONY has already stated that the original PS4 will be able to run the VR Headset and I know it will because I've already tried it and they also stated that there won't be exclusive games for it. So what exactly are we whining about?
Forum Posts: 127 Comment #21 by Ginormous76 Tuesday, September 06, 2016 @ 02:24:46 PM (0)
@5 I have not had any system crashes. No idea what you're talking about. Maybe clean the dust out of your system?
Forum Posts: 267 Comment #22 by MetalHead84 Wednesday, September 07, 2016 @ 11:31:38 AM (0)
New Delhi: Former union minister P Chidambaram's recent statement on Sonia and Rahul Gandhi's leadership seems to have made the Congress a tad upset.
Hinting at Chidambaram, the party spokesperson Rashid Alvi on Saturday said that the leaders especially the senior ones should give their advices in the party forum rather than in open.
Chidambaram, in an interview to a TV news channels, said that Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi should "speak more" and put in action a timetable that would enable the party to play the role of "true opposition" at a time when the morale of party cadres is "pretty low".
However, they also said that the Congress president Sonia Gandhi was "numero uno" in the organisation and that the decision in Jaipur in January 2013 to make Rahul Gandhi vice president was "perhaps the correct decision".
"I would urge again that timetable be shortened and we get on with the job of a reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition," they told a news channel, replying to a question about doubts being expressed about Rahul Gandhi's leadership.
Asked can a non-Gandhi become the Congress President, they said, "I think so. Someday yes", but was quick to add, "I do not know" when asked about the timeline for such an eventuality.
"I am too old to aspire for anything now," he, at the same time, said.
(With Agency inputs)
The city received some good news this week. We were successfully awarded $2.9 million in federal funds to complete all of the funding for the Sierra Boulevard Streetscape project — we are now 100 percent funded through construction.
Kudos to Stan Hill with the city for their excellent grant application. Per Jim Marino, assistant public works director, "it goes to show that innovative road dieting and multi mobility mode projects are highly recommended for funding and with help from TRPA/TMPO staff, the city is in an excellent place to complete this long overdue project."
We'll be seeing sidewalks, bike lanes and a soon-to-be resurfaced Sierra Boulevard with work commencing next year.
Re-development in SLT
Talking about construction, many people are commenting about all the work going on within the city. Here is a rundown for our visitors:
U.S. 50 from the Y to Tahoe Keys Boulevard is getting resurfaced, new gutters, new sidewalks and bike lanes this year courtesy of CalTrans. A new walk/bike lane is being constructed by the city linking the Stateline area through to Lakeview Commons. You will soon be able to rent a bike in the Heavenly Village area and ride safely all the way to the beaches on West Shore.
Recommended Stories For You
At the Y, what were formerly the Outlets, is now The Crossings with a new beer pub, a Mexican restaurant and soon to be coming coffee, wine and deli business opened by longtime local Ed Winslow. There is an outdoor sitting area and live music at Luca Genasci's AleWorX serving brews, pizzas and plenty of shopping stores as well. Congrats to the new shopping center owners and thanks for sprucing the area up with a whole new look. Also at the Y, the old McDonald's has been razed and a brand new eco-friendly and alpine designed one will open soon. South Lake Brewing Company is finished and adds a dog friendly brewery that is also the largest in town. Construction has also started on the Blue Granite Climbing Gym and looks to be a center for avid climbers and youth wanting to learn the skills necessary to be safe out on the rocks.
In the mid-town area, also known as Harrison Avenue, two local business people took down an old building that was structurally inadequate and have built a brand-new structure that will house a sports bar. Coupled with the vibe at Sprouts, Revive Coffee and Wine, and the weekly music put on at Lakeview Commons by the city and On Course Events, this is definitely a very cool part of town.
On Ski Run Boulevard, world famous photographer Corey Rich rebuilt the old computer building and has moved their business there. It's also eco-friendly and their staff will contribute to the growing popularity in this part of town. On the corner of Ski Run and U.S. 50 the empty lot and the soon-to-be razed old Super8 Motel will be replaced by a new Whole Foods 365 and four to five other new retail shops. In addition, with the help of the California Tahoe Conservancy, there will also be a water quality improvement project there as well.
Finally in the Stateline area, Zalanta has opened its doors and is getting ready to move to phase 2. Their high-end condos are world class and provide luxury lodging right across from the gondola.
Cannabis and VHRs
A reminder that the city is hosting a special cannabis workshop on Aug. 29 at 9 a.m. at the city offices. The goal is to get public input on what the new ordinance should look like. Help us out by coming with ideas such as how many dispensaries we should have, where should they be, recreational, medicinal or both types of storefronts, etc.
The VHR issue is drawing closer to what we hope will be a final ordinance and policy. The VHR subcommittee and staff have arrived at our vision and will next meet with stakeholders at two separate meetings on Aug. 8 to discuss them and get input. It's my hope that council will be able to review everything in September and put the issue to bed in October. Fingers crossed all goes well.
Limebike
I've had over a dozen people ask me about LimeBike. Here are some facts. 1) They applied for a business license just like everyone else and pay sales tax just like everyone else. 2) There are 200 bikes out there and they are part of a pilot program LimeBike will run through October. 3) The tires are hard rubber and the bike is not suited for long trips or dirt bike paths. They are comfortable enough for short trips but not something you want to ride for several hours. At least I wouldn't.
Some interesting stats from LimeBike for the period from July 14-31: The median rental is 17 minutes. The average riders per day are 101. It appears that the most use is for locals to commute to work and for others to go from their hotels to restaurants or shopping. Someone renting a bike for a day or three to four hours to ride to the beaches or on one of our mountain bike trails would probably be advised to rent a cruiser or a mountain bike for no other reason than to be made more comfortable.
Loose ends
A warm welcome to Mike Goar, Heavenly's new COO and Vail's Regional VP. They move to us from Keystone and Park City before that. I'm hoping they will bring us some new chair lifts at Heavenly and Kirkwood in the years to come. Maybe a new CA base lodge as well.
I can't end this month's column without giving you my best advice. Get Outside. Whether it's hiking, wildflower hunting like Mike and Harry, biking, SUP, golf, boating or BBQing, it will put a smile on your face. It's why we live here and others visit South Lake Tahoe; Outdoor Capital of Your World. Have fun!
South Lake Tahoe Mayor Austin Sass can be reached at asass@cityofslt.us and on Facebook by searching Sasstalk.
UPDATE: Nintendo of America has issued a statement to Kotaku confirming that the Wii U is no longer in production and all manufactured units have already been shipped to retail. You can read the statement below.
“We can confirm that as of today, all Wii U hardware that will be made available in the North American market for this fiscal year has already been shipped to our retail partners. We encourage anyone who wants Wii U to communicate with their preferred retail outlet to monitor availability.”
Nintendo Japan has officially announced that the Wii U is going to be ending its production run in Japan. The news comes from the official Japanese Wii U hardware page that updated each console listing with a message that reads: “Production is coming to an end soon (in Japan).”
While this shouldn't come as a total shock as rumblings of a Wii U production halt were rumored for a few weeks now, it's still sad to see the old girl go. No official word on a worldwide production halt has been given at this time. Stay tuned!
Source.
**
** The most powerful system troubleshooting tools all tend to have one trait in common: a non-negligible learning curve. As the saying goes, if you want to drive a race car, you have to learn to drive stick*. Now to be fair, we designed sysdig from the ground up to be as intuitive and straightforward to use as possible. But to get the most out of the tool, it definitely helps to have an understanding of how system level information is presented in sysdig output. In this post, I will walk through some basic operating system elements and try to explain how they are represented by sysdig, including:
Processes and Threads
File Descriptors
Events, System Calls and Switches
Sysdig output basics
Running sysdig without any filters will produce output that looks like this (colors added for easier explanation, below):
1 01:40:19.601363716 1 httpd (7513) > accept
2 01:40:19.601374197 1 httpd (7513) < accept fd=14(127.0.0.1:39175->127.0.0.1:80) tuple=127.0.0.1:39175->127.0.0.1:80 queuepct=0
3 01:40:19.601506564 1 httpd (7513) > read fd=14(127.0.0.1:39175->127.0.0.1:80) size=8000
4 01:40:19.601512497 1 httpd (7513) < read res=85 data=GET /textfile.txt HTTP/1.1..User-Agent: curl/7.35.0..Host: 127.0.0.1..Accept: */
5 01:40:19.601516976 0 httpd (3750) > switch next=0 pgft_maj=0 pgft_min=522 vm_size=350196 vm_rss=9304 vm_swap=0
6 01:40:19.601661779 1 httpd (7513) > open
7 01:40:19.601668329 1 httpd (7513) < open fd=15(/opt/lampp/htdocs/textfile.txt) name=/opt/lampp/htdocs/textfile.txt flags=1(O_RDONLY) mode=0
8 01:40:19.601699335 1 httpd (7513) > read fd=14(127.0.0.1:39175->127.0.0.1:80) size=8000
9 01:40:19.601701560 1 httpd (7513) < read res=-11(EAGAIN) data=
10 01:40:19.601855764 1 httpd (7513) > close fd=15(/opt/lampp/htdocs/textfile.txt)
11 01:40:19.601857490 1 httpd (7513) < close res=0** **
The fields printed by sysdig are:
Incremental event number
Event timestamp – customize this with the -t command line flag (more info)
– customize this with the -t command line flag (more info) CPU ID
Command name
Thread ID
Event direction – ‘>' means ‘enter', while ‘<' means ‘exit'
– ‘>' means ‘enter', while ‘<' means ‘exit' Event type
Event arguments
Now let's dive into this output a little further and see how some fundamental operating system elements are represented here by sysdig.
Processes and Threads
Threads are the core execution unit for the operating system and, as a consequence, for sysdig as well.Multiple threads can exist within the same process or command and share resources such as memory. This is clearly shown in the capture snippet above: note how all the events in the snippet are generated by the httpd command, but one of them (number 5) comes from a different thread, on a different CPU.
The thread ID (aka TID) is the basic identifier that you want to follow when tracking execution activity in your machine. You do that by just looking at the TID number, or by filtering out the noise with a command line like this one:
> sysdig thread.tid=7513
which will preserve only the execution flow for thread 7513.
Threads live inside processes, which are identified by a process ID (or PID). Most of the processes running on an average Linux box are single threaded, and in that case thread.tid is the same as proc.pid. Filtering by proc.pid is useful to observe how different threads interact with each other inside a process.
And here are a couple of little tricks: if you want to see only events for single threaded processes, you can use this command line:
> sysdig proc.nchilds=0
While if you want to trace a specific user session or script, you can use:
> sysdig proc.apid = X
…where X is the pid of the shell running the script
File Descriptors
You may have noticed that several of the events above have an argument called “fd”.
If a thread ID identifies a flow of execution, a file descriptor (FD) identifies an input/output flow.
In unix, a lot of stuff is abstracted as a file, including:
files
network connections (sockets)
standard input, standard output, and standard error
pipes
timers
signals
An FD is a numeric ID that uniquely identifies a file inside a process. This means that you can see the same FD number used more than once, but it will have to be in different processes. By following a process/FD combination, you can track specific I/O activity, and as usual you can let a filter help you:
> sysdig proc.name=httpd and fd.num=14
Sysdig is also nice enough to resolve FD numbers into human readable strings. For example, in the snippet above, notice how FD 14 is represented as 127.0.0.1:39175->127.0.0.1:80, which means:
this is an IPv4 socket (4)
the socket L4 protocol is TCP (t)
the connection has been established by port 39175 on 127.0.0.1
the destination of the connection is port 80 on 127.0.0.1
All of this information can conveniently be used in filters to isolate interesting activity. For example:
> sysdig fd.type=ipv4 > sysdig fd.l4proto=tcp > sysdig fd.sip=127.0.0.1 > sysdig fd.sport=39157
Events
Most of the events that sysdig captures and displays are system calls. The system call interface includes a number of ‘functions' that the operating system exports to the applications running on top of it to do stuff like open files, create network connections, read and write from an FD, and so on.
Usually, you can get more information about one of the sysdig events by typing:
> man 2 <event_name>
in a terminal or in google. Be aware, however, that differently from a tool like strace, sysdig doesn't mirror the system calls' syntax with absolute precision.** This means that, even if the system call manual page will give you a very good indication of what the event does and what its arguments mean, there might be discrepancies between the original system call and the corresponding sysdig event. If you want to know what the arguments are for any event, type:
> sysdig -L
As you'll see if you run this command, sysdig exports many events. However, some of them tend to be more useful for debugging or exploration. For example:
clone() and execve() give you insight into process creation and command execution.
open(), close(), and the FD read and write functions offer visibility on disk I/O.
socket(), connect(), and accept() give insight into network activity.
If you are interested in what these system calls do and how to interpret them, come back to the sysdig blog tomorrow for a whole post focused on that.
In the meantime, there's an event that I want to mention because people sometimes get confused about it: switch .
The Switch Event
Some people don't realize that sysdig is not limited to capturing system calls. Sysdig taps into the kernel to report other types of events as well. The switch event, for example, is generated every time there is a context switch, i.e. when the process scheduler puts a thread to sleep to execute another one. Observing scheduler activity is useful for scenarios such as determining when a process/thread runs with high granularity, debugging process synchronization issues, and monitoring when a thread is migrated to a different CPU.
switch is not a system call, so you won't find a manual page for it. It's also one of the few sysdig events that doesn't have an exit event, so you will only see enter as a direction. switch can also be annoying at times, because sysdig tends to print many of them even on systems with relatively low activity. Fortunately, it's easy to filter it out if you don't need it:
> sysdig evt.type!=switch
Conclusion
Processes, threads, file descriptors, system calls and context switches are some of the fundamental elements of the Linux operating system. Hopefully it's more clear now how sysdig represents information about these elements, and how you can use sysdig to explore your system in some pretty powerful ways. ;) If you'd like to dive into even more information on sysdig, be sure to check out the sysdig User Guide on our wiki.
And now that you understand what all that sysdig output on your screen means, it's time to explore which system calls to monitor and what useful information they hide. More on this in my next post tomorrow – so be sure to come back!
And remember to follow us on Twitter for cool sysdig commands with the #DigoftheDay.
**This might not be a saying per se, but my friend Gerald Combs did just say it… so I guess it's a saying now. Thanks Gerald! :)*
***In case you're wondering, the main reason for this is performance. sysdig's primary design goal is efficiency, so you can use it in production with minimal overhead. This puts constraints on the order the arguments are returned, to minimize page fault probability. In addition, sysdig adds some useful arguments to some of the system calls. For example, memory-related events like brk or mmap return the total process memory usage, which tends to be handy when troubleshooting memory-related issues. *
Two players playing Spleef
Spleef is a competitive minigame played within Minecraft. When playing spleef, players will destroy blocks below other players, allowing them to fall off the playing field and into a pit. The object of the game is to be the last player on the field. The name is a play on the word grief as the game involves destroying blocks.
Playing field [ edit ]
Spleef is played on an easily-destructible block such as snow, leaves, or TNT, with a pit located under the playing field to collect players when they lose. Players destroy blocks on the platform near or under opponents to cause them to fall, while avoiding falling themselves. Those who fall from the platform lose the round, while the remaining players win. Spleef can be played on teams, in 1v1 scenarios, or with multiple players all against each other.
Rules [ edit ]
Spleef has a few basic rules to ensure a fair experience without being too restrictive, but as with many activities, rules vary greatly from one server to another.
Creating blocks between the game's start and end is forbidden.
Creating or destroying blocks after you have lost the round is not allowed.
The losers must replace the blocks that were deleted during the game after the round is over. (Optional, occasionally a script is used instead)
If players have entered a stalemate and are all on separate "islands," and unable to access each other to continue play, either the person with the most space wins, or the arena is reset to continue play. Usually, the latter will only happen in arenas that use a script to reset the play field.
Hitting players is against the rules, except in variations.
The spleef arena [ edit ]
Inside of a Spleef arena.
Spleef arenas are often decorated on the outside.
Since spleef requires the playing field to be easily broken, most arenas use snow or clay blocks as they can be broken relatively quickly. Some basic arenas will use dirt if better materials are not available.
Spleef players should be equipped with a shovel to ensure fast block destruction.
Walls surrounding the arena are usually made to prevent players from evading gameplay. The walls are often made with hard to mine materials, such as cobblestone, brick, obsidian or even bedrock. There is often seating for spectators located on the side of the field, so that they can view the players in the arena.
There is usually a pit located below the arena with a tunnel or stairway out for losers to exit the arena. On longer drops, arena builders will use water to prevent the losers from taking fall damage.
Many stadium builders fill the pit with lava as an intimidating consequence for losing. Often they will provide chests for participants to store their items so they don't lose them if they lose.
Custom arena [ edit ]
Custom arenas if you want to create a small, medium, large and expert.
Custom options [ edit ]
Change the difficulty set to Peaceful, Easy, Normal or Hard mode
Use worldedit with axe to use. Like diamond ore or leaves.
Spawn hostile mobs, like zombies!
Add decorations inside spleef.
Add torches, redstone lamps or glowstones.
Indestructible build the bedrock blocks.
Ask the friend to join.
Variations [ edit ]
Due to the flexible nature of spleef, the gamemode can be altered in many ways. A common variation is to create multiple levels of playing fields, and upon losing on one arena, you descend to the next. A common theme among variations is incorporating gameplay elements such as fire, explosions, or mobs. Some versions allow someone to destroy blocks from under the players, and others incorporate challenges such as not allowing players to jump. As stated in the rules above, hitting other players may occasionally be allowed as well.
A Hypixel "TNT Bow Spleef" game in progress, which features special bows that can shoot arrows to ignite the floor made of TNT, making the TNT blocks fall down.
Instead of having to break down blocks manually, players may be given items that have the special ability to shoot projectiles. When the projectile hits a block, the block will disappear. So when players are on separate islands, they can still shoot those projectiles in order to cause other players to fall. This variant is usually hosted on minigame Minecraft servers, like Hypixel (TNT Games - Bow Spleef), HiveMC (Spleef, which has shovels that can shoot snowballs), and with the use of these servers, many other things can be added, such as upgrades, boosters, high jumps, explosions.
Video [ edit ]
History [ edit ]
Spleef was started on a server before June 23, 2009 soon after the Classic Multiplayer Creative Mode release. The rules and name were created by Greenslimy, Pentaclam and Maulrus.[citation needed] It first gained popularity after Notch blogged about this article on their Tumblr.[1] Soon after, a plethora of spleef servers and variations sprung up. Spleef instantly caught on in Minecraft Classic, while slowly also gaining popularity in Alpha, which soon became Beta. It is considerably popular in the latest version of Minecraft today, with almost every major public server having some sort of Spleef arena.
It is questionable, but it could have started as a port from Blockland to Minecraft. In 2004, in Blockland was a "spleef" where you would throw spears at the blocks and they would disappear, thus killing anyone on them. Someone who played this may have re-created it in Minecraft and others started doing it too.
Tron 2.0 featured a similar game mode in 2002, with opposing teams using the Tron disc to destroy platforms on either side of a chasm.
As of the August 30th, 2016 update, the Legacy Console Edition of the game now includes an official variation of Spleef called "Tumble".
Gallery [ edit ]
Minecraft Classic, Olympic Spleef Stadium
New Olympic Spleef Stadium, based on classic one.
Example of a Spleef stadium.
Spleef stadiums come in all shapes and colors, such as this four-way Spleef arena.
An example of an arena.
Another example; underneath is a Pokémon arena.
A basic Spleef arena, split in half for 2 teams.
A Spleef arena with lava underneath.
A generic Minecraft Beta Spleef arena, with dirt at the surface and lava beneath inside the pit below.
A fancier stadium with an elongated spleef block design and snow as the surface of the spleef block.
Not only did Ashton Kutcher pose for the cover of Details' September issue, they also edited a special "online only" version, out today. Turns out Hollywood's prettiest boytoy is one compromised whore of a magazine editor, directing most of their recommendations and profiles to tech companies he's invested in, with nary a word of disclosure. It's shameless even by Condé Nast standards.
According to Details, Kutcher themselves created the special online issue, available on Facebook and in pieces elsewhere. "Ashton Kutcher can now add 'Magazine Editor' to their growing list of monikers," the magazine said in a promotional email.
As an actor, Kutcher has been savvy; as an investor, he's well connected; as a magazine editor, he's terrible, completely selling out readers. At the heart of Kutcher's journalistic creation is a series of profiles on "The New Titans of Tech."
And what do three of the four titans have in common? They are Ashton Kutcher investments. Airbnb, Foursquare, and Flipboard are profiled, leaving room for just one "titan" not partly owned by editor Kutcher (Quora), but not for so much as a single line of disclosure. Elsewhere, Kutcher manages to work in a plug for Fashism, a social shopping site that, yes, he's an investor in.
Kutcher's most egregious whoring comes in "Generation Next... a guide to the emerging tools transforming the way you live." It turns out Ashton Kutcher will have a big hand in our future lives: Of 12 products Details recommends, eight are their investments, and at least two others have business entanglements with the actor. Here's a handy, marked-up version of the chart (click to enlarge):
At the end of a New York Times story that briefly mentions the conflicts issue, Details editor Daniel Peres said, "I can assure you that Ashton is not looking at our 500,000 readers as an opportunity to feather their nest." That might be true in a technical sense; the hyperactive money flinger would probably be content if readers just stanched the losses at their cash burning clutch of bro friendly startups.
Don't get us wrong: Kutcher's brazen self interest is a real asset when bopping between the sleazy worlds of Hollywood movie production and Silicon Valley venture capital. But in magazine land, you've got take your greed and dress it up real pretty and public interest like. For once in your life, Ashie, a little subtlety would have been nice.
(Update: Quora was briefly initially mentioned as a Kutcher investment; they are just a prolific user.)
Followup post: Feds Say Ashton Kutcher Could Be in Trouble
[Photo of Kutcher via Getty Images]
Media playback is not supported on this device Women's Super League: the Best goals from the weekend
Liverpool inflicted a first league defeat of the season on Arsenal to keep their hopes of a third consecutive Women's Super League title alive.
England midfielder Fara Williams opened the scoring with a stunning strike from 25-yards out before 41-year-old full-back Becky Easton bundled in a second.
Spain striker Natalia's delicate chip pulled one back for the hosts, who were backed by a crowd of 2,061.
But Asisat Oshoala's lobbed finish secured the points for Liverpool.
The result gave the defending champions their first away points of the season and they are now only three points behind the second-placed Gunners, with a game in hand.
Arsenal is now five points behind leaders Chelsea after the Blues won 4-1 at home to Bristol Academy.
Some of the SkatePal team in Palestine
In July the Israel Defense Forces blew a hole in Aram Sabbah's leg. Since then, he's been skating on crutches, which has actually proved to be a pretty good way of learning new tricks. Propping their body up, air-pedaling over the board while it flips, they can hang in the air as long as they want. The downside, of course, is the “big-ass wound” in the 16-year-old Palestinian's knee—an unwelcome souvenir of the West Bank's “Day of Rage.”
“There's nothing much to say,” they say. “I was throwing stones. I'm out of stones. So I crouched for stones, then BOOM… my leg is numb.”
Aram Sabbah
That was in July, when Aram joined thousands across the West Bank in a march protesting Israeli aggression toward Gaza. Israeli forces clashed with demonstrators at Qalandia checkpoint, injuring more than 200 and killing two, including one 17-year-old. Aram was lucky not to break any bones, but their injury will keep them on crutches for another month—or until they “can't take any more.” Until then, he's one of two Palestinian skaters teaching children at Zababdeh's brand-new concrete skate park.
Although Palestine has played host to the occasional mini ramp and fun box, built by enthusiastic foreigners in need of a place to skate, the 1,000 square-foot site at Zababdeh is the West Bank's first proper skate park. Opening this week, it was funded and built by SkatePal, a volunteer-run nonprofit founded by University of Edinburgh Arabic graduate Charlie Davis in 2012. It will be run by a small but growing community of Palestinian skaters, including Aram.
Charlie Davis (in the hat) with Mick, a SkatePal volunteer, and two Palestinian kids
Charlie, 27, had been in and out of Palestine since 2006, taking their board with them to skate the handful of street spots in the West Bank. Building a skate park there had been on their mind for years, and they made loose plans to fund it after their degree, inspired in part by similar projects in Afghanistan and India. It was in 2012, when they were teaching English at an American language school in Tunisia, that they were persuaded to commit to the project.
“A friend of mine asked what I was going to do after this. I said. ‘I have this idea for a skate project in Palestine, but it seems like a mammoth amount of work, and I'm not sure if it's going to work.' They were like, ‘You should do it—why are you still here?'”
Charlie quit their job, moved back to Scotland, and set up the SkatePal website to raise funds. Within a few months they had several volunteers, and by spring of 2013 they had their first set of ramps. It took a while for skateboarding to take hold, though.
“I had my skateboard there and the kids had never seen one before,” says Charlie. “And there's nothing much to do for kids. If you go in the villages and towns they have, like, a concrete soccer pitch at the school—maybe a basketball hoop or two. A lot of them hang around the streets and play cards, or work in their parents' shops.
“But most of them just hang around in the street, smoke shisha, sit, and chat... it's part of the culture. I just wanted to introduce a sport that gets people focusing on something and challenging themselves.”
The SkatePal mini ramp in Ramallah
Their first attempt at a park was a few wooden ramps at a site in Ramallah set up on land belonging to a community center, but when Charlie returned to Palestine after a trip home they found it destroyed. The concrete park in Zababdeh has been the accumulation of several months' planning and weeks of building, and they have also funded a 16-foot mini ramp at Ramallah.
There are currently 12 volunteers from the UK and Ireland helping out with SkatePal, largely students from university engineering departments. To date they have raised more than $16,000 and are currently planning a third site at Nabi Saleh, a small village of about 600 in the central West Bank.
SkatePal volunteer Kevin Loftus finishing off the concrete skate park in Zababdeh
Located about 160 yards from an Israeli military base, Nabi Saleh has become a focal point for the struggle against occupation, following the creeping encroachment of the Israeli settlement of Halamish, visible across the valley. Every Friday since December of 2009, Nabi Saleh's residents have marched in protest at the confiscation of the village's land and have been met with tear gas, rubber-coated bullets, and occasionally live fire.
There have been hundreds of injuries and more than 100 detentions of villagers since demonstrations began. A large proportion of these are teenagers, who can be held for days, weeks, or months—and occasionally longer.
“In a protest the kids are throwing stones,” Charlie says. “And the soldiers know who they are, because the soldiers come into houses and take pictures of everyone in there. So when people throw stones they come in and arrest people, from eight or nine upwards, for a few days, a few months or a few years—it depends.
“The arrests are quite arbitrary, because obviously a lot of kids are throwing stones, but they might just come in and arrest one at random every so often. Nabi Saleh has the highest percentage of young people getting arrested anywhere in the West Bank.”
Skating is clearly not a substitute for direct action, but it is a distraction from the crucible of protest in Nabi Saleh. Charlie wants to build a place for young people to hang out and have fun.  They are also determined to keep politics out. “We want to be apolitical, nonreligious, everything. You've got to be careful what you do; you can't promote normalization ideas, like saying Israel should exist. You can't be too pro-Palestinian or pro-Israeli. You have to be right down the middle. So we avoid protests.”
Adham Tamimi
Aram is one of two Palestinian volunteers and skate instructors at SkatePal. The other, 18-year-old Adham Tamimi, claims to be Palestine's first homegrown skater. They started three years ago after a visiting American with a board gave them a try.
“When I tried, I fell so hard that I made up my mind that I was going to learn,” they say.
Skate culture doesn't really exist in Palestine yet. There are ten to 15 skaters, Adham says, “but we don't really hang out with them. It's basically me and Aram just watching some skate vids. I would've stopped skating if Aram didn't join me, ‘cause it'll eventually get boring if I skate alone.”
Once the parks are established, Charlie plans to hand over management to the two friends. They have both been skating for several years and want to help the scene grow. “Locals see them skating and want to emulate them,” Charlie says. “They get excited watching us, but for them to see local people, they think, Oh, this is something we can do and embrace completely, rather than just copying Britain or America or whatever.”
Charlie with the first SkatePal class at the Zebabdeh park
The classes SkatePal runs, which started this week, are for people of all ages. Typically, though, they get around ten young people between the ages of eight and 12.
“Our friends love the idea of skateboarding,” says Adham. “But some of them say it's a bit childish, so they're not going to try it. We have to say, ‘No, it's not childish—you can make money.' We didn't listen to anyone; we kept skating.”
If they weren't into skating, he'd “probably be involved in protests, drugs, and stuff like that,” says Adham. “But I don't need drugs or any other stuff, like demos, to be a rebel, because skating is way more than just an extreme sport. It's a lifestyle that I have to commit to.”
Follow Ben on Twitter.
Find out more about SkatePal at skatepal.co.uk.
Believing in peacefully engaging the world while exercising cautious discretion before starting wars is not the same as isolationism.
Conservatism once was cautious, urged prudence, and emphasized fidelity to the Constitution. Conservatives saw responsibility as the flip-side of liberty, opposed the transfer society, and detested welfare dependence. On international affairs conservatives believed in defending America, not promoting social engineering overseas.
Liberals responded by tarring traditional conservatives as “isolationists.” Skeptical of joining imperial wars in the name of democracy, unwilling to risk American lives in dubious foreign crusades, and unenthused about transferring U.S. wealth abroad, traditionalists were treated as somehow disreputable. After all, progressive thought required turning Americans into warriors on behalf of a new global ethic.
Now neoconservatives toss the same epithet at conservatives who oppose promiscuous war-making and endless foreign aid. Never mind that many opponents of today's hyperinterventionist foreign policy favor free trade, cultural exchange, liberal immigration, and political cooperation. If you do not believe in bombing, invading, and occupying adversaries and subsidizing allies, then you must be an isolationist.
Consider the hysterical response to Sen. Rand Paul's proposal to eliminate foreign aid, including to Israel. The new Senator has drafted $500 billion worth of budget cuts, but less than one percent of the total has received much attention: the $3 billion in annual aid to Israel.
The U.S. is running a $1.5 trillion deficit this year. The national debt is $14 trillion. Without a major change in course, Uncle Sam will run up in excess of $10 trillion in red ink over the coming decade. So an obvious question to ask would seem to be: why are Americans being forced to fund any foreign government?
Washington's transfers to Israel are among the most problematic. The country is a prosperous regional superpower, possessing upwards of 200 nuclear weapons. It can defeat any of its neighbors, so why does it continue to be an American welfare dependent?
There are threats to Israel's existence, but they are internal—how can Israel remain Jewish and democratic while maintaining military rule over a fast-growing Palestinian population? The best evidence that Israel doesn't need American subsidies is the fact that its government spends lavishly to subsidize ever-expanding settlements on the West Bank, a policy of de facto colonization which breeds Palestinian hatred and diminishes any chance of peace. If Israel is determined to follow such a policy, so be it, but why should American taxpayers indirectly pay the bill?
No surprise, Israel's lobbyists and legislative guardians reacted with shock and horror at Rand Paul's proposal. Expect a friendly country to take care of itself? Whatever could they be thinking! They saw no need to debate the issue. They just denounced Sen. Paul for their “shocking,” “short-sighted,” and “misguided” proposal.
Even less serious was the response by Jennifer Rubin, the Washington Post's official “conservative” blogger. Rubin rolled out the standard epithet used against anyone who doesn't believe Washington should rule the world: Sen. Paul is “a proponent of a neo-isolationist foreign policy.”
Yet Rubin made no effort to defend aid to Israel. They simply treated as self-evident the American people's obligation to fund an international dole, and the right of prosperous allies to collect U.S. alms—apparently forever.
Of course, she's not alone on the right. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor recently seemed to suggest that aid to Israel should be treated differently than other foreign assistance, essentially becoming an untouchable entitlement rather like Social Security and Medicare. It is a curious conservatism which makes international welfare one of its fundamental tenets.
Even more bizarre, Rubin's ad hominem attack took a page from the liberal playbook. When the new Republican Congress merely sought to reduce, not end, foreign aid after the 1994 election, the Clinton administration denounced the GOP members as, yes, “isolationists.” Today, it seems, both neoconservatives and liberals support forcing taxpayers to fund an international soup line for other countries.
It's bad enough to equate opposition to foreign aid with isolationism. It is far worse to equate nonintervention with isolationism. But this also has become a standard tactic of the imperial right.
I recently wrote an article ( for Forbes online ) arguing that a country on what the Congressional Budget Office calls an “unsustainable” fiscal path no longer can afford to subsidize rich allies and remake failed states. Republican activist William Hawkins said these views made me an “isolationist.” Not “neo-isolationist,” like Rubin terms Sen. Paul. But a full-bore, complete, absolute, unhyphenated “isolationist.”
That's an interesting idea, since I am writing this article while attending an international economics conference in Delhi, India. It seems that believing in peacefully engaging the world while exercising cautious discretion before starting wars is “isolationist.” To paraphrase Bill Clinton, it all depends on how you define internationalism. To Hawkins, internationalism apparently means wandering the globe imposing one's will—bombing some countries, defending other ones, occupying some nations, subsidizing other ones.
The costs of such promiscuous intervention are obvious: endless wars, risk of additional conflicts, tens of thousands of dead and injured U.S. military personnel, hundreds of thousands of dead foreign civilians, more enemies determined to do America ill, increased military spending, limits on domestic liberties. Obviously, one can still conjure up arguments for America to subsidize and defend its rich allies, and to remake unstable poor states. But it should be obvious that virtually none of Washington's current aid and military policies have much to do with “defense,” at least of America.
And there is nothing “isolationist” in opposing such policies. Hawkins complains that supporting a smaller U.S. international role reflects “the notion that the U.S. has no interests, or faces no threats, outside its borders.” That's a silly claim, as they surely recognize. America has lots of interests, but most do not warrant war. Unlike God, who worries about the smallest sparrow falling to earth, a superpower doesn't have to try to fix every failed state and defend every rich friend. A serious power sets priorities and measures costs and benefits. America will be stronger and more secure if it does not indiscriminately create a debilitating welfare program for foreign governments, relieve prosperous and populous states of responsibility for their own defense, and administer poor and fractured societies.
Rather than avoiding substantive issues and tossing liberal epithets, conservative advocates of an expansive and expensive foreign and military policy should make the case of encumbering the bankrupt American republic with a quasi-imperial foreign policy. They should explain how the U.S. would be endangered if it was merely the world's strongest country, instead of being the globe's wannabe dictatress.
Real isolationists are few. But the strongest encouragement for true isolationists is the interventionist philosophy which believes in sacrificing American wealth and lives around the world for unimportant, even frivolous reasons. For years conservatives have opposed social engineering in America. Conservatives should similarly oppose social engineering abroad.
Image (c) Gage Skidmore
For a brief period, the living dead served as a handy Rorschach test for America's social ills. At various times, they represented capitalism, the Vietnam War, nuclear fear, even the tension surrounding the civil-rights movement. Today zombies are almost always linked with the end of the world via the “zombie apocalypse,” a global pandemic that turns most of the human population into beasts ravenous for the flesh of their own kind. But there's no longer any clear metaphor. While America may still suffer major social ills—economic inequality, policy brutality, systemic racism, mass murder—zombies have been absorbed as entertainment that's completely independent from these dilemmas.
Which is a shame, because the zombie is such a potent symbol. For example, there's a clear connection between the zombie of slave-driven Saint-Domingue and Ta-Nehisi Coates's recent exploration of black disembodiment—the body under constant threat of capture, imprisonment, and murder. For Haitian slaves, the invention of the zombie was proof that the abuse they suffered was in a way more powerful than life itself—they had imagined a scenario in which they continued to be slaves even after death. In Between the World and Me, observing a young boy in front of a 7-Eleven, Coates writes, “This was a war for the possession of their body and that would be the war of their whole life.” The same declaration could be transported 1400 miles and 300 years and still hold true.
Instead American pop culture has used the zombie, fraught as it is with history, as a form of escapism, rather than a vehicle to explore its own past or current fears. Writing for GreenCine, Liz Cole is onto something when they say that, whatever their allegorical shadow, zombies are perhaps “indulging our post-apocalyptic fantasies” above all. Elmo Keep notes in The Awl how pop culture tends to romanticize depictions of the end of the world: In these situations, “Petty frustrations and mundane realities of real life all disappear, as do the complexities.” And so the zombie apocalypse isn't an outlet for fears but for fantasies, functioning as an escape hatch into a world with higher dramatic stakes, fewer people, and the chance to reinvent oneself, for better or worse.
Zombies, in their American incarnation, strip earth back down to its essential parts: humankind, nature, survival. Think of The Walking Dead's Georgia, a desolate but oddly idyllic expanse of camps, fields, abandoned motels, and forest clearings. In this way, post-apocalyptic zombie scenarios are as much utopian as they are dystopian. The landscape is cleared of industrial plants, oil derricks, real estate developments, traffic jams, construction sites, and urban blight.
With just a handful of survivors set against a stark landscape of browns and greens, every person's decisions take on an outsize importance, often a life-or-death meaning. As the former Stanford doctoral student Angela Vidergar told Live Science in 2013, “The ethical decisions that the survivors have to make under duress and the actions that follow those choices are very unlike anything they would have done in their normal life.” The importance of the lives of characters on The Walking Dead is implicit, because theirs is the only story left to tell. And that, of course, is the key to their fantasist power: Who wouldn't want to escape into characters leading lives of infallible significance, with their survival and the endurance of the human race perpetually at stake?
Director: Sebastien Cordoro.
Screenplay: Philip Gelatt.
Starring: Michael Nyqvist, Sharlto Copley, Christian Camargo, Anamaria Marinca, Embeth Davidtz, Daniel Wu, Karolina Wydra, Dan Fogler, Isiah Whitlock Jr, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
“Compared to the breadth of knowledge yet to be known… what does your life actually matter?”
Being released in the same year as the big-budgeted and visually stunning “Gravity” would normally hinder the successful chances of any other film in the science-fiction genre. However, Sebastien Cordoro's “Europa Report” actually manages to find it's own niche and invigoration by relying purely on a strong premise and confidence in it's delivery. It will, most certainly, not pull in the revenue or audience of “Gravity” but it's proof, yet again, that coughing up the green isn't always necessary when venturing into the cosmos.
Aboard Europa One, a crew of six astronauts embark on a privately funded mission to search for life on Jupiter's fourth largest moon. After six months, all communication with mission control is lost but the crew carry on regardless and discover an unexplained bioluminescence underneath the moon's surface. When mission control finally regain contact with the ship, they discover what actually happened to the crew and what the mysterious lighted object was.
The first thing that strikes you about this film is it's excellent use of atmosphere and it's foreboding music that captures a suitably sinister tone from the off-set. Even though it's running on a cheaper budget than the asupervisorstioned Alfonso Cauron blockbuster, it still manages a strikingly crisp appearance. The most impressive aspect to it, though, is it's simple yet perfectly feasible concept. Europa actually does have an ice surface and scientists hypothesise that there is a water ocean beneath it, meaning extraterrestrial life is entirely possible and it's through this, that screenwriter Philip Gelatt succeeds in relating their story.
In bringing Gelatt's story to the screen Cordoro's decision to use the found footage approach not only suits their budgetary constraints but also the the material itself. It plays out like a Nasa documented mission, interspersed with interviews of the crew and in doing so, achieves the desired sense of realism. Having a multinational (and relatively unknown) cast also adds this, much in the same way that Danny Boyle's “Sunshine” benefited from not knowing which crew member will perish at any given time. The found footage approach is so understated that it's easy to forget that the film falls into that sub-genre. It's intimacy also contributes to clever use of tension that builds slowly and effectively and any reliance on CGI is kept to a minimum.
Despite some ponderous moments that make the film feel longer than it actually is, the only real issue I had was the payoff: like so many films of this type – particularly in the horror genre – it's when the big reveal is delivered that it falters and detracts from the tension and the unknown, which made the film so strong in the first place.
Other than that, this is a highly impressive endeavour and, for the most part, a solid indie science fiction thriller. It won't have you in awe like “Gravity” but it will have you pondering the credible possibilities in our solar system.
Mark Walker
Trivia: In order to achieve an accurate depiction of the moon Europa, the filmmakers based it's aspect on data from NASA and JPL's maps of the moon's surface.
Advertisements
The new greeting, "Welcome to Scotland", will replace the previous slogan proclaiming Scotland to be "The Best Small Country in the World".
First Minister Alex Salmond was highly critical of the old phrase, launched by the previous Holyrood administration.
Opposition MSPs were sceptical about its replacement, but the SNP government said it was about more than a slogan.
Under the new scheme, each Scottish airport will have images to represent their local appeal, such as literature for Edinburgh, the Commonwealth Games for Glasgow and the oil industry for Aberdeen, all at an estimated cost of £100,000.
I am so stunned
Jackie Baillie
Labour MSP
Speaking at Glasgow Airport, Culture Minister Linda Fabiani said the images would give people a taste of the very best of Scotland.
They said: "This is not about developing flashy slogans - it's much more real that that.
"This is about showing what a modern, vibrant and successful country Scotland is."
Responding to the new catchphrase, Labour's Jackie Baillie told BBC Scotland: "I am so stunned.
"We've waited with great expectation, we were promised something creative, imaginative to replace the slogan for Scotland that used to exist and I woke up this morning to 'Welcome to Scotland'.
"If this is what the creative talent can bring to us and this is what SNP government is crowing about, frankly, I am astonished."
Former first minister Jack McConnell launched the first slogan
Liberal Democrat tourism spokesperson Liam McArthur said: "Nationalist MSPs have spent years regaling us with tales of how fantastic Scotland is. Now, when they have a chance to create a brand for Scotland they give us this bland statement."
Gavin Brown, the Conservative enterprise spokesperson, said: "Next, Alex Salmond will be telling us this is the best small slogan in the world."
Despite the criticism, the new scheme was welcomed by a number of bodies, including tourism agency VisitScotland, Scottish Financial Enterprise and the Robert Burns World Federation.
The phrase declaring Scotland as "the best small country in the world" was launched in 2005 by the then Labour first minister Jack McConnell.
Launching a withering attack on the slogan at the SNP's 2006 conference, before the Nationalists' election win, Mr Salmond said: "That one phrase encapsulates everything that is wrong with the first minister, with the executive and with our national tourist agency.
"It combines the worst of 'wha's like us?' with the worst of an inferiority complex.
"Scotland's only small to those who think small. It's time to think big."
The Military Action Against Iraq (Parliamentary Approval) Bill was a private member's bill introduced into the United Kingdom House of Commons by Tam Dalyell MP under the Ten Minute Rule. It received its formal first reading on 26 January 1999.[1] The bill sought to transfer the power to authorise military strikes against Iraq from the monarch to Parliament. The long title of the bill was "A Bill to require the prior approval, by a simple majority of the House of Commons, of military action by United Kingdom forces against Iraq".[2] It was presented by Tam Dalyell and supported by Tony Benn, Harry Cohen, Jeremy Corbyn, George Galloway, Neil Gerrard, Dr Ian Gibson, John McAllion, Alice Mahon, Robert Marshall-Andrews, Dennis Skinner and Audrey Wise.[3]
The bill became Bill 35 in the 1998/1999 Parliamentary session, and was initially scheduled for second reading on 16 April 1999. As a bill modifying the monarch's prerogative powers, Queen's Consent was required before it could be debated in Parliament. The Queen, acting upon the advice of their government[4], refused to grant their consent for the Bill to be debated. The second reading was initially postponed from 16 April until 23 July 1999.[5][6] Due to the Crown's continuing refusal to signify its consent to the Bill being debated, it could not receive its second reading on 23 July 1999. In the absence of a request for a further postponement, the Bill was automatically dropped before it obtained its second reading.[7][8][9]
When military action against Iraq was eventually organised in 2003, the government sought Parliamentary approval on 18 March 2003, one day before the invasion began, although no powers under the royal prerogative were thereby transferred to Parliament.
References [ edit ]
The highly-anticipated conclusion of NA LCS 2017 is just a few days away. Inven Global asked Cloud9's coach, Hangyu “Reapered” Bok, about how Cloud9 is preparing for the finals.
They started with how diligently the team is preparing for the finals, but was modest about the team's chance to win the finals: "Preparations are going pretty well, but I'm still not sure how likely it is for us to win; I think it will depend on how the players shape up that day."
Specifically, they have high hopes for Nicolaj "Jensen" Jensen: "Although I'm not sure which player will do great in the match, I hope Jensen does well; they will be a decisive factor of the match's outcome depending on how well they do against Søren "Bjergsen" Bjerg."
They were also aware of how C9 is often thought to be weak in the early game, so that the team is preparing accordingly: "It's nobody's secret that C9 is weaker in the early game, but we are confident that we'd do well in the mid to late game. It will be crucial that we get our early game up to par."
Finally, they expressed how the team is simply doing their best to win: "We never thought about how we are going to win; we'll just prepare to be the best as we can, and show everything that we've prepared for in the finals."
Schumer, left, and Ciaravino call on the Department of Defense to clean up the mess NEW WINDSOR – Standing by the temporary filtration plant put up months ago along Union Avenue by Washington Lake, normally the Newburgh's primary water supply, US Senator Charles Schumer accused the Department of Defense of “using every trick in the book to avoid paying for a problem they caused.” The senator acknowledged that when the military began using the chemical, PFOS, commonly used in firefighting foam, the long-term effect was not known. That doesn't absolve the DoD of responsibility for coming up with a solution. That's not happening, said Schumer. “DoD, USAF, you made the mess, now you clean it up and stop playing games that kick the can down the road.” Schumer, along with New York's other Senator, Kirstin Gillibrand and Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney, have urged the DoD to immediately install carbon filtration units at the site of the contamination at the nearby Stewart Air National Guard Base in order to halt the continued discharge of contaminated water into Silver Stream. They have also pushed for including surrounding streams and waterways, including Washington Lake to the DoD's draft remediation work plan. For now, the city is getting its water from the New York City aqueduct. City Manager Michael Ciaravino said they are okay, for now. “But that luxury isn't going to last forever and at the end of the day, we're going to be expected to blend back to Washington Lake,” they said. The original projection is sometime in the fall. Ciaravino said a lot must be done before then. What we thought was the original startling threshold of 4,900 parts per trillion, we are now being told is in the hundreds of thousands of parts per trillion, which is well above the EPA's threshold of 60 parts per trillion.” For now, the state is paying for the city to use the New York City aqueduct water.
The Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer (AMSR-E), a high-resolution passive microwave Instrument on NASA's Aqua satellite shows the state of Arctic sea ice on September 10 in this image released September 16, 2008. REUTERS/NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio/Handout
HONG KONG (Reuters) - Melting of the Arctic sea ice due to global warming is diluting surface waters and this is endangering some species of shellfish which need minerals in the water to form their shells and skeletons, scientists have found.
In a paper published in Science, they warned that this has serious implications for ecosystems in the Arctic.
“Organisms that are likely to be affected are from the family of pteropods, also mussels and clams on the sea floor,” said Fiona McLaughlin, research scientist at Canada's Institute of Ocean Sciences's department of fisheries and oceans.
Pteropods are minute swimming sea snails.
“It puts the food chain at risk. These organisms are a food source for fish that are a food source for seals and bears. The food chain in the Arctic is quite a short one, so it's quite vulnerable,” they told Reuters by telephone.
Meltwater from sea ice pours into the Canada Basin and researchers in Canada have been monitoring the quality of water in the basin, the largest freshwater reservoir in the world, since the late 1980s.
McLaughlin said there was now sufficient evidence to show a fall in the concentration of aragonite, a mineral or calcium carbonate that is needed in shell formation.
“Sea ice is so pure it has very few of these (carbonate) ions. It means that when we are melting this ice, which by its nature more acidic, we are making surface waters more acidic,” said McLaughlin.
“The shells can't maintain themselves, they are now susceptible to dissolution ... Instead of being a source of carbonate for these organisms to use, the surface waters are now corrosive to them,” they added.
To understand what Derrick Rose's return will mean to the city of Chicago, you need to understand what it is to be a Chicagoan. You need to know that Chicago is like no other city in the country. It is both a great and horrible place to call home.
If you want to drive somewhere, prepare for an awful experience as you crawl through traffic. Whether you go local or take the highway, it doesn't seem to make a difference. If you make a three-mile trek in less than half an hour, you count yourself lucky.
If you take the side streets, you end up in one-way-street hell, which will inevitably lead you back to where you came from, driving over countless, barely visible speed bumps that seek to tear out the bottom of your car.
All the buildings are brick and three-stories tall wherever you go. The skyline is something you grow accustomed to never seeing, which is fine because it would take forever to get there anyway.
You can take the bus, and stare into icy-cold winds that freeze the tears to your eyeballs as you wait. And as you close your eyes to thaw out, you think, “Why on earth do I live here?”
You can take the train, where regardless of where you sit, you will be accosted by a homeless person asking you for money. And if you have the nerve to try to read, no doubt there will be someone talking loudly enough for people on the next train to hear them.
The politicians are corrupt, but we bear with it as long as they get the job done. We know our U.S. Attorneys by name. Political leaders being prosecuted isn't news—it's the norm.
Our summers are too hot. Our winters are too cold. Our autumns and springs are too short.
Our gas is the most expensive in the country.
And that's the easy part.
There were 532 people murdered, and 2,670 shot in Chicago in 2012, bringing the worst the city has to offer into the national limelight.
Even our nickname is sad. New York is the Big Apple, the Greatest City on Earth. L.A.? We love it!
Chicago is the “Second City.”
We're always second, never first. We thought we were going to get the Olympics, yet had that snatched away when we finished second.
And then there are our sports teams. The Chicago Cubs are the crowning achievement of Chicago—apparently, over one hundred years of losing isn't enough to satiate one aggrieved goat.
The Bears won a Super Bowl in 1985. We pretend it happened yesterday.
The White Sox finally won a World Series after only 88 years in 2005. The Blackhawks won their first Stanley Cup of 49 years in 2010. They were both one-year wonders.
Northwestern, the closest thing we have to a major college, has never made it into the NCAA tournament.
The one thing we had was Michael Jordan and the Bulls. With six championships in eight years, Chicago was the envy of the basketball world for the better part of a decade. Then owner Jerry Reinsdorf blew that whole thing up.
This is what you need to know about Chicagoans: We embrace adversity. We eat it for dinner and ask for seconds. And we have to.
That's how we get from one day to the next. And that's what we want and need our athletes to do.
If they don't, they get the Jay Cutler treatment. Many fans felt that in the 2011 NFC Championship game, Cutler should have given more effort—if not on the field, then at least on the sideline.
Some teams have “bandwagonners.” We don't allow that. We reject bandwagon fans. If you haven't suffered, you're not allowed to use the “we” word. If you weren't a fan when we were losing, you're not allowed to lay claim to the title while we're winning.
We do have what I call “dump-truckers.” If fans don't feel an athlete is all-in all the time, they'll dump on them quicker than you can sneeze. It takes effort just to live in Chicago, so if you're not putting forth effort playing for Chicago, you're not representing the city, and we expect our athletes to represent.
That's because what comes from all of that overcoming adversity is a human decency that makes any Chicagoan proud to lay claim to that title.
Here's a personal story to illustrate my meaning.
As I was driving a friend to Midway Airport with my wife, my car stalled right as I got off the intersection. We were heading into one of the less reputable parts of town. Three very large, baggy-pants-with-t-shirt-wearing men were running toward my car.
Before I could think or react, the largest of them requested, “Put it in neutral.” And then they pushed me uphill, for two blocks, to the nearest gas station. Being young and perpetually broke, I didn't have any money on me to buy the required antifreeze to put in my radiator to get me home.
They paid for that and refused to let me take their address down to refund them the money.
Kindness is not foreign, even in the bad neighborhoods of Chicago, regardless of what you've heard.
There's a decency to Chicago you don't hear about in the news, but that decency is why Derrick Rose is so loved here. He's the diamond in the rough produced by the pressure of living in the worst that Chicago has to offer: Englewood. He's all that's good and right about being a Chicagoan.
He's the man who has paid for not one, but two funerals of complete strangers who were gunned down in senseless gang-related violence.
He, along with Joakim Noah and Taj Gibson, were involved with “Ballin' for Peace,” part of an effort to stop gang violence in Chicago. It's a true sentiment to him, not something they merely lend their name to as the video below attests.
Derrick Rose loves Chicago as much as Chicago loves him. We have a symbiotic relationship with him. We carry them and they carry us.
It's because they are the best that comes from Chicago, out of the worst of Chicago. Even in the most dangerous, volatile and murderous neighborhood in the nation, this remarkable, generous and humble man has been produced.  They are the best of us.
We understand he's not perfect. But we also understand that he's overcome adversity just like we have. He's not just from Chicago. He's not merely playing for Chicago. Derrick Rose is Chicago—to their core.
When they went down, the air went out of the city. The reason #thereturn commercial, “Wake Up,” rendered so much impact in Chicago is that it was so close to being literally true. The city stopped and held its collective breath. We felt their pain. We agonized with him.
Rose's return is not merely about chasing a title. That's not likely to happen with the way the Heat are playing this year. It's not even about just the basketball of things.
When Rose sets foot on the court again, and their name is announced, he'll be announcing that they took one more plate of adversity, ate it up and pooped it out. And when the United Center is going full-on nuts and you see grown men in tears, it'll be because we did too.
Airport computer systems crashed around the globe today. The crash caused passenger delays, angst, and fright among travelers, but a more ominous question has arisen in light of this glitch. Could the next failure be a worldwide power grid outage?
Thousands of travelers were grounded today when a computer glitch took down check-in systems at more than 100 airports worldwide. The crash left passengers waiting in long lines at counters while trying to check-in for their flights. T Amadeus Alta, the company that provides the software, confirmed it is experiencing a “network issue that is causing disruption,” The Telegraph reported.
The glitch affected even massive airports, such London's Heathrow International Airport, Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, and Ronald Reagan International Airport in Washington, D.C. “Technical teams are working on the problem, services are gradually being restored,” the software company said. After a few hours, officials at Gatwick and Heathrow airports said their systems were “back up and running” after the “momentary IT glitch,” adding there may be a delay due to the outage.
A statement on the glitch read, “A small number of airlines are currently experiencing intermittent issues with their check-in systems at airports around the world — including at Heathrow.” It continued, “Passengers will still be able to check-in for their flight, although the process may take slightly longer than usual.”
Passengers took to social media to complain about the crash.
The @Qantas check in system down. Massive queues in Hong Kong. Not sure why they can't get this right pic.twitter.com/lrL5jUzVEN — Paul Harapin (@paulharapin) September 28, 2017
What is going on @HeathrowAirport with @ThaiAirways checkin, this is quickly becoming a joke! — Peter White (@peterwhite1997) September 28, 2017
According to Fox News, it is still unclear when all the systems will be back up and running, but it begs the question: what if a power grid failure is next?
It isn't like it's never happened, but it may only be a matter of time before it occurs on a massive scale.
In December of 2015, 230,000 people in Western Ukraine lost power after 30 substations were mysteriously shut off. Contrary to what most people assumed at the time, this wasn't an innocuous power outage. The authorities would later admit that the loss of power was caused by a cyberattack, which marked the first time that malware was successfully used to attack a power grid. A similar, albeit more sophisticated cyberattack, occurred one year later just outside of Kiev. Given the current tensions between Russia and Ukraine, it's widely believed that the Russian government was responsible for these incidents. However, there's more to this story than meets the eye. A computer security company has been investigating these attacks, and has discovered the malware that was used to take down the grid. They've found that it's far more dangerous and easier to use than anyone realized before. –Ready Nutrition
It may not necessarily be malicious malware that takes down the grid either. Even solar flares can cause some incredibly intense issues.
Most policymakers have not taken the threat of an earth-directed solar flare seriously, even though a senior member of the Congressional Homeland Security Committee recently warned that there is a 100% Chance of a Severe Geo-Magnetic Event Capable of Crippling Our Electric Grid. If such an event were to happen Congressman Roscoe Bartlett, who has advised people to develop individual preparedness plans based on the threat of massive solar flares or electro-magnetic pulse detonations, says that it would take upwards of 18 months to bring the grid back online because of a decaying national infrastructure. –SHTFPlan
With the crash of the airport system affecting people worldwide, imagine how much chaos would ensue should the power grid go down over most earth. Preparing for the worst case power grid failure may give you that small chance you need to make it through.
Here you'll find an example to build upon when writing to those who insist on using Tableau to build "giant walls of tabular data".
...
Dear person who insists on giant cross-tabs of data in Tableau:
It was a pleasure to speak this morning! As we've discussed last week, the difficulties you face stem from the fact that you are attempting to do with Tableau what is specifically not recommended.
Tableau is a data visualization tool. It is not a spreadsheet, not a “tabular report builder”.
After looking at your challenges in more detail, it would seem that you must speak with your stakeholders and soon decide between one of two broad categories of alternatives:
Choice #1: continue to use spreadsheets and "giant walls of raw numbers with conditional formatting" to make business decisions
Here, your best decision may likely be to avoid Tableau
Choice #2: leverage the visual display of quantitative information to enhance cognition and reach better business conclusions faster!
Here, continue with Tableau and render your data visually
In support of the above conclusion, please find below a collection of reading materials.
What is Tableau not really good for?
What is Tableau not really good for? "We suggest you consider revisiting your requirements or consider another approach if: … .. You need highly complex, crosstab-style documents that perhaps mirror existing spreadsheet reports with complex sub-totalling, cross-referencing, etc."
How NOT to use Tableau
“1. To Replicate a report or chart designed in another tool"
An inconvenient truth : Tableau is not a swiss army knife
"Tableau is a data viz tool, thats all it is. It's not an ETL tool. It's not a spread sheet. It's not a project planning tool. Sure you can do some of that stuff in it, with a lot of work. But really is that the best use of your time?"
Moreover, here in the center of excellence, we strongly espouse the notion that "There is no such thing as a Tableau Developer.”
Development
"Development is the technical implementation of someone else's ideas.”4
..
"The idea that satisfying business information needs is an activity that ends up with someone developing something, that someone else thought up, in response to someone else's concept of what yet another person needs, in the traditional SDLC paradigm, is just flat wrong." 5
Authorship
"Tableau provides the opportunity for one to work at the creative intersection of cognitive, intellectual, and experiential factors that, when working in harmony, can synthesize the information needs of the person seeking to understand the data and the immediacy of direct data analysis. This mode of Tableau use can eliminate the lags and friction involved when there are multiple people between the person who needs to understand the data and the person who creates the vehicle for delivering the information from which insights are gleaned." 6
In this way, by playing to the strengths of the tool, we find the ideal approach is for the business analyst to use Tableau directly.
When building production scale data solutions, such as the one you are building, then the ideal approach is for the technical specialists to embed directly into the same room, together with the business users, working iteratively to marry together the business needs with the technical solution, visually.
As an example of how this approach has already produced huge success within our organization, here attached is the case study from the most recent win that we discussed last week and again this morning.
And to this end, a proven methodology exists, that we can follow, to scale self-service visual analytics.
The Tableau Drive Manual
Finally, as reference material, to convince your stakeholders:
6 Powerful Reasons Why Your Business Should Visualize Data
Visuals are processed faster by the brain Visuals are committed to long-term memory easier than text Visuals can tell stories Visuals can reveal patterns, trends, changes, and correlations Visuals can help simplify complex information Visuals can often be more effective than words at changing people's minds
Thank you!
Word Count: 660
References
After a decade at Fox, Gordon Ramsay is staying on at the network with a new two-year deal. Under the pact, Ramsay will deliver at least 80 more hours of programming over the next two years. (That doesn't include the already completed upcoming seasons of MasterChef Jr. 4, and Hell's Kitchen 15 and 16). The popular chef, who has been at Fox since 2005, just tweeted the news.
With American Idol on the downswing, Ramsay has emerged as Fox's most valuable reality brand with three franchises: Hell's Kitchen; Kitchen Nightmares, which recently ended a 10-year UK/U.S. run; and MasterChef, whose offshoot, MasterChef Jr., became a rare breakout in a saturated unscripted landscape. MasterChef Season 6 currently airs on Fox.
Ramsay also is one of the highest-paid reality stars, with Forbes recently estimating that they make more than $400,000 per episode for their in-front and behind-the-camera services. The new Fox deal is expected to fetch at least that though reps for the fiery Brit declined comment.
Gordon is repped by CAA and attorney Tara Kole.
Old Dominion scored touchdowns on four consecutive possessions, one right before halftime and three more in the second half, en route to a 33-19 victory against UTSA on Saturday afternoon in the Conference USA opener for both teams at Ballard Stadium.The Monarchs (2-2, 1-0 C-USA) were trailing 7-6 late in the first half before a 2-yard touchdown run by quarterback David Washington with 26 seconds left until halftime put them back on top, 13-7.ODU then reached paydirt on its first three drives of the second half in building a 33-19 lead that would stand.The Roadrunners (1-3, 0-1 C-USA) gave up the ball on a fumble in the backfield on their first play from scrimmage in the second half. Six plays later, ODU's Jeremy Cox scored their second touchdown of the afternoon on a 3-yard rush around left end. The extra-point attempt was blocked and returned for two points by UTSA's, which made the score 19-9 in favor of the Monarchs.UTSA cut the deficit to six points afterdrilled a 26-yard field goal to cap a six-play, 66-yard drive. It was the Roadrunners' first field goal attempt of the season.ODU responded with a 13-play, 82-yard scoring march that ended on a 2-yard pass from Washington to Jonathan Duhart. The two-point conversion failed, leaving the Monarchs' lead at 25-12.On their next possession, Old Dominion covered 82 yards in nine plays, the last another short scoring connection from Washington, who finished with 207 yards passing and another 69 on the ground, to Duhart. Cox found the end zone on the two-point try to make it 33-19 with 11:55 remaining.For UTSA,rushed for a season-high 93 yards and a score on 21 carries, whileadded 68 and another 34 receiving.hauled in a career-best four catches for 80 yards, whileadded three receptions for 51 yards and they also threw an 8-yard touchdown to backup quarterbackin the third quarter.Defensively,posted a career-high 15 tackles, one shy of UTSA's school record, andadded nine stops.ODU got on the board first, as Cox's 5-yard touchdown rush ended a quick three-play, 58-yard drive. The extra-point attempt was no good.After a slow start offensively, the Roadrunners took the ground to get things going.UTSA drove 81 yards on 13 plays — all rushes — on a scoring march that was capped with a 7-yard jaunt by Williams. The extra point gave the visitors a 7-6 advantage with 11:44 left in the second quarter.The Roadrunners have a bye next week before hosting Southern Miss (3-1, 1-0 C-USA) at 11 a.m. on Saturday, Oct. 8, at the Alamodome.
Yesterday, Apple announced two new iPads: the iPad Air and the iPad mini with Retina display. Both carry Apple's speedy new A7 processor, and both come with high-resolution screens. But when the dust settles, Apple will actually carry four different iPads you can buy — including, improbably, the two-and-a-half-year-old iPad 2.
$100 upgrades
At first, Apple's iPad lineup seems perfectly symmetrical. The math makes sense. Small-screen iPads start at $299, big-screen iPads start at $399, and upgrades are $100 each. $299 buys you the original iPad mini, which comes with an Apple A5 processor and a 1024 x 768 non-Retina screen. At the top end, you can spend $499 on an iPad Air and get Apple's flagship tablet, with a Retina display and the latest internals. But at $399 you find yourself at a strange crossroads: you can either go back in time to the $399 iPad 2 with the same internals as the older mini, the outdated 30-pin connector, and a larger screen, or you can step into Apple's future: the $399 iPad mini with the same A7 chip as the iPad Air and a beautiful Retina display.
The problem is that the iPad 2 isn't just a larger product: it's one that's woefully out of date. It's three generations behind the times, and it's far too expensive for what you'll get. Like the $299 iPad mini, it feels a little sluggish running iOS 7. (That A5 processor is only roughly half as fast as the A6X in the fourth-generation iPad, to say nothing of the new A7 chip in the new iPad mini and Air Apple announced yesterday.) But unlike the iPad mini, the iPad 2 doesn't have Siri. It also doesn't support AirDrop, an easy way to share pictures and videos with other Apple devices around you.
Click the image above to compare
For $299, the iPad mini still makes sense despite the aging components inside. You can't get a higher-quality iOS device for the price. But at $399, consumers have to pick between the iPad 2 and the new iPad mini with Retina display, and that's not much of a choice: that mini will be far faster, crisper, more portable and likely more futureproof for the same price.
"It's all about size."
So why does the iPad 2 still exist? Asked at Apple's event, Tim Cook said only that there was still demand for the iPad 2, and Apple wanted to meet it. But the real answer might be simpler still.
"It's all about size," explains Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy. "There are a lot of people who walk into a store with their minds already set on a 10-inch tablet or a 7 or 8-inch tablet, and they go from there." Ross Rubin, principal analyst at Reticle Research, agrees. "For many consumers, that extra inch or so of diagonal real estate is of paramount importance," they say.
There might be a reason for that fixation beyond "bigger is better." Moorhead says there's a conception that 10-inch displays are better for content creation and multitasking, while smaller devices are geared more towards consuming content.
Why not a cheaper iPad 2, then, to make up for the shortcomings? "The reality is that unless you're designing a lower-cost product, it doesn't cost less," says Moorhead. "Lowering the price would only be lowering [Apple's] margins." Rubin thinks that a lower-cost iPad 2 replacement is only a matter of time, but Apple just didn't have the right product at the right price this week. In other words, Apple doesn't yet have the tablet equivalent of an iPhone 5C, one that could offer the appeal of a new product while preserving the company's margins.
Still, Rubin thinks keeping the outdated iPad 2 around could work for Apple, since the company has done the same thing with its smartphones in the past. Both analysts also pointed to the stockpile of existing iPad 2-compatible accessories as a plus for consumers, who will likely be able to get cases and cables cheaper than buying a set for the newer tablets. But the iPad 2 and the iPhone 4S are Apple's last products with the aging 30-pin connector, and the accessory market is moving on the newer Lightning interconnect quickly.
"Unless you're designing a lower-cost product, it doesn't cost less."
Until Apple has a modern 10-inch tablet that it can profitably sell for $399, we're stuck with the iPad 2.
A MAN is facing terrorism charges after being arrested during a house raid in Brussels on Wednesday.
 They are the tenth terror suspect to be held in Belgium over the November terror attacks in Paris that claimed 130 lives.
The 22-year-old man has been identified as Ayoub B, and has been charged with terrorist murder and participation in a terrorist organisation.
Their arrest follows two arrests on Tuesday, with police seizing Islamic State propaganda in a series of raids in Brussels, Liège and the Flanders region of Belgium.
Belgian police believe the pair were plotting New Year terror attacks in Brussels.
Belgium has been at the centre of the investigation into the November 13 Paris attacks, with authorities searching for terror fugitive Salah Abdeslam, who was born and raised in Brussels.
Two of the Paris suicide bombers, Brahim Abdeslam and Bilal Hadfi, had also been living in Belgium.
The Colorado Rapids' interest in Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard is mutual, with the U.S. international likely to arrive in the summer, multiple sources have told ESPN FC.
NBCSports.com earlier reported the state of the talks over Howard's future.
Colorado's interest in Howard first emerged earlier this month, and now sources have confirmed that Howard is indeed interested in returning to MLS.
One source with knowledge of the negotiations indicated that "discussions are ongoing and positive."
Howard signed a four-year contract with Everton in 2014 that lasts until 2018, but a source said their 10-year spell with the club makes it unlikely that MLS will need to pay a transfer fee in order to obtain their services.
In terms of salary, the source said Howard will earn between $2-3 million per year, making them easily the highest-paid goalkeeper in MLS. According to salary data from the 2015 season provided by the MLS Players Union, a salary of $2 million would put Howard in the top 15 of MLS salaries base of total compensation.
Tim Howard might be nearing the end of their stay with Everton after 10 years.
The Rapids acquired the top spot in the MLS allocation order from the Chicago Fire during the MLS SuperDraft, meaning that among MLS sides, they have the inside track to land Howard.
Howard is an iconic figure in U.S. soccer, especially after their epic performance in the 2014 World Cup, in which they delivered a 15-save effort in a round-of-16 defeat against Belgium. Howard has also been a mainstay for the Toffees, logging more than 400 appearances in all competitions.
But Howard has endured some shaky performances this season for Everton, and while they continue to have the faith of manager Roberto Martinez, fans have been vocal in their criticism of them and are calling for Joel Robles to be inserted into the lineup.
Colorado has been eager to increase its profile this offseason and had made acquiring a Mexico international and a U.S. counterpart a huge priority. The Rapids had previously been interested in acquiring U.S. international and Nantes midfielder Alejandro Bedoya, but Nantes declined to make Bedoya available during the current transfer window.
Howard played in the MLS for the MetroStars, the forerunner to the New York Red Bulls, from 1998 to 2003.
They then signed for Manchester United, where they were in and out of the lineup over the next four seasons because of inconsistent performances. They were loaned to Everton for the 2006-07 season, and their play was such that they made the move permanent in February 2007. Howard has been a fixture in the Everton lineup ever since.
Howard has appeared for the U.S. 106 times and represented the Americans at the 2006, 2010, and 2014 World Cups.
by Karam Elahi
From a thread at NEOGAF, Amazon Germany will not be sending out pre-orders shipments to customers until January of next year. This is sad news for German PlayStation fans who just placed their pre-orders and were planning to get their systems in before the holidays, much less launch day.
And Germany isn't the only one going through PlayStation 4 promised supply shortages. Micromania in France is also telling their customers that any new PS4 pre-orders will not be shipped until January of next year.
Considering that the PlayStation 4 pre-orders sold out within minutes in Japan, it seems as if there will definitely be some world-wide shortages after release day. This is not good news for consumers, especially those who were considering skipping the PS4 console launch hoopla, and were betting on picking up their systems near the holidays. Nothing like the lack of a PS4, Killzone: Shadowfall, and bashing heads in online to put a damper on one's holidays. So what can you do? Get your PS4 pre-order in as early as you can. You don't want to miss out on the January PS4 shipments either.
By ADRIAN DATER
@adater
Preamble:
The name “Colorado Avalanche” and its logo has been part of the Denver sports establishment for 21 years now. But it was very nearly called something else entirely:
THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN EXTREME
This is a woodypaige.com exclusive excerpt from columnist/contributor Adrian Dater's newest book “100 Things Colorado Avalanche Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die” (Triumph Publishing, in stores, but it can be pre-ordered on Amazon by clicking here: https://www.amazon.com/ Things-Avalanche-Fans-Should- Before/dp/1629371718?ie=UTF8& keywords=100%20things% 20avalanche&qid=1462554681& ref_=sr_1_2&sr=8-2 ). Here, Dater recounts their very personal involvement in the story of the name that could have been, and how it came to be changed.
Excerpt:
If it has been up to Charlie Lyons, the Colorado Avalanche would instead have been named the Rocky Mountain Extreme.
That was the vision of the team's first owner, Lyons and their company, Comsat Video Enterprises. A one-time Colorado ski bum who never forgot their “extreme sports” days skiing down the moguls and back trails of the state's biggest mountains, Lyons thought the name was perfect for a team in the go-go mid-‘90s.
Why did that name never happen, despite the fact logos were designed and other marketing materials all drawn up? Well, I'll take my share of credit for that. Or, the blame, if you still think that's a better moniker.
To sum it up in a nutshell: I got the early scoop on the new hockey team's name, and wrote a late-summer, 1995 story in The Denver Post exposing it to the world. Other than getting the actual scoop that the team would be sold and moved to Denver from Quebec, this was going to be my next-biggest exclusive of my early career, and I can't tell you the excitement when I picked up the same day's Rocky Mountain News, our bitter rival at the time, and DIDN'T see anything about it.
Believe me when I tell you that it was a real newspaper war back then, where every little morsel of news was fought over like a scrap of meat by two hungry lions. All day long, I reveled in the scoop, accepting literal and figurative pats on the back from colleagues and readers.
And then, the Dave Logan Show happened. A former NFL wide receiver with the Cleveland Browns and Denver Broncos, Logan hosted a popular sports talk radio show on the state's biggest AM station,850 Koas.
The day of the story, Logan fielded call after call from fans just ripping the hell out of the hockey team's new name. It was just an, ahem, avalanche of negative public opinion. Everybody hated it.
But what did I care? I had the scoop, and so who cares how bad it was? It's in the books. Except, it wasn't.
“Hey Adrian, it's Shawn Hunter,” said the voice on the other end of the phone. They were the president of the new team.
“Hey Shawn, what time is it?” I remember mumbling, at what I think was about 6 a.m. or so.
“Hey, I don't think what you had in the paper is going to be accurate,” Hunter said.
And then I knew right away what was going to happen. Burned by all that bad publicity the day before, the “Extreme” would get cold feet and pull the whole concept, then deny it ever was a possibility. And that's exactly what happened. As I woke up and grabbed that day's Rocky Mountain News off my apartment front stoop, I suddenly felt like I'd been whacked in the head by a 2×4.
Stripped across the top of the front page of the sports section was a story by News columnist Bob Kravitz, the gist of which can be summed up as: “Extreme? What Extreme. There was never going to be any Rocky Mountain Extreme. That other inconsequential paper got it all wrong.”
It's a bad feeling when you get scooped by the other paper. It's an even worse feeling when the other paper has a lead story saying yours was all wrong. I felt like I wanted to dig a hole in the front yard, jump inside, cover up and never come out. I had just gotten the full-time beat of the new team, just a couple months removed from covering prep and some college sports on an ad-hoc, freelance basis. Now, I knew people around the office had to be wondering: Did we make a mistake on this kid? Maybe that other story was just a fluke. It went from a great day to a really bad day in a hurry, and remember, I'm still a rookie, nervous as heck about everything, trying to make good impressions everywhere.
I doubled back to my sources, wondering what the hell happened? “How could you let me hang out to dry like that?” I sternly said (OK, I yelled) to a couple people.
I quickly came to realize: They hadn't hung me out to dry. The story was right. At the time, anyway. But the early scoop and the horrible fallout from it with the fans made it so the team could still scrap the idea and still just blame it all on me. Would I have liked to have had someone from the team say “Yeah, the story was right, we were going to go with that, but we now see the light. Adrian Dater is a hero for their scoop, for stopping the train wreck before it happened!”
Yeah, I would have liked that, but of course it didn't happen. All I could do was take one snarky “Nice scoop pal, way to get it all wrong Woodward and Bernstein” remark after another, along with the News for several days keep saying in stories something to the effect of “As erroneously reported in another Denver daily the other day…”
All I could do was say “But, it was true at the time, they were going to be called the Extreme! Really, they were!” But what I lacked was any visual proof. That was always the problem with the story. Somewhere around that time, I did find a new team advertising logo that showed a hockey player on a sign with the words “Extreme Caution” on it. I said this was part of the visual proof, but I'd never gotten my hands on the actual logo designs that would go on the uniforms.
But the man who designed those logos, a man named Michael Beindorff, released them in an ebook on their Facebook page. Beindorff, along with Dan Price, designed the subsequent Avalanche logo, the team name that was chosen by fans in a “Feedback Forum” where they could choose that or seven others – Black Bears, Rapids, Cougars, Outlaws, Renegades, Storm and Wranglers.
So there, nearly 20 years later, is your visual proof. Thanks to Beindorff for publicly showing them, and for allowing us to show it here.
And, YOU'RE WELCOME for doing that original story when I did. It caused me a lot of grief, but we can laugh about it now. Otherwise, you would have been stuck with an EXTREME-ly bad team name!
Hello Friends!
Friday, March 15 from 11 am to 3pm EST. I am really excited to tell you about a project I am working on called Feminists Engage Wikipedia , where folks around the country sign into Wikipedia, edit certain entries and add new ones to counteract the very white straight cis able bodied western dude nature of the site. We will be working in person and virtually
I would love for you to be involved and there are a number of ways you and people you know can participate.
Give Ideas for Entries- Add New People, Events and Things - Perhaps an awesome Black feminist writer who just wrote their first book? Or an important woman of color disability justice activist? Is their an important moment of Trans* activism that's not on Wikipedia? An important documentary or two that need to be reflected in wikipedia? Edit existing Entries - Who needs an important source or event added to their existing entry? You can add them to our list of entries to work on here by clicking edit in the brackets to the right. If you already have something ready to go, add it your self! Participate- Sign up for a wikipedia account (don't use your gov't name like I did) Watch this video to learn just how to edit wikipedia (click “Flash” at the bottom of the playback video if it starts to mess up) Join us virtually - follow hashtag #tooFEW and learn what we are up to Join us in person In the South @ Emory University Library - Jones Room, 3rd Floor Friday March 15 11am -3pm EST (You don't have to stay the whole time and we will have free delicious food!) In the (North) East @ Barnard College 11am -3pm EST In the West @ Scripps College 8am-12pm PST Tell Somebody- Students - Do they need extra credit? Can this be a class project? Are you learning about some really cool people in POC/Trans*/Queer/Disability/Non-US/Women's History that don't have wiki pages or have pages with bad information? You can fix it! Friends - Do you know other folks who should know about this? Please spread this information to activists you know, faculty, etc. Everyone is welcome! Organizations - These edit-a-thons work best with lots of folks working on specific things. Do you know orgs like INCITE or SONG that know specific types of folks who should be added to wikipedia or projects folks should know about? Email me your ideas - too busy to edit yourself? Let me know and I'll add your list of stuff to the one we are generating!
Please spread the word far and wide!
I hope to see you there (and/or virtually)!!!
You note a tinge of disdain in the word “dream-thief”. Though cosmic happenings may be a mystery to you, a FEARLESS GUARD such as yourself has been serving long enough to know how thieves work.
“If this ‘thief' you claim is infringing on your domain leaves no name, he's not doing it as a show of power. They must be doing this for personal revenge against me.”
“While vengeance against a mortal – especially one such as yourself – is certainly understandable and commendable, it does not explain the secrecy. Why enact revenge for so long if not to make the victim cry your name in blissful agony? Why hide your actions from the Lady of Infinite Tortures herself?”
“I mean, they could have just bought a custom nightmare from me if they needed one so direly. They only cost four souls. No need to get sneaky about it.”
“Unless…”
“What if there was a prize afoot? Something so powerful, it could drive one omnipotent being to trespass upon the sphere of another? Something so coveted that it would be kept secret, even from their mortal servant? So indivisible that its seeker would prefer me as an enemy than an accomplice?”
You cock an eyebrow, keeping up with the demon's meandering line of thought as best you can. “You're suggesting my nightmares are part of some entity's gambit to claim a mysterious… prize?”
“Perhaps. Or perhaps it's nothing but the meaningless proddings of a lesser Prince, or another of the Madgod's vapid games. Or perhaps the prize exists, but your pointless dreams only exist to distract me from the dream-thief‘s true machinations. A red slaughterfish, if you will.”
“You mean a red herring?”
“There is no such thing as a red herring you daft fool.”
Ransom wrote: >Alternatively, ask them to speculate on why might someone want to constantly pester someone with such dreams? Something that would install an inherent fear, er caution with regards to say, a cultist, or royalty, etc.
distainfulCatalyst wrote: >In case it's any help to her, ask them if they need more circumstantial details. Like, where you were when the nightmares began, when it was (as exactly as you can get), what you were doing at the time, and whether anything else of significance happened in and around that time.
Vaermina asks the question before you can.
“Human. You spoke of your so-called ‘nightmares' persisting for fifteen mortal years.”
“Are those different from immortal y-”
“Was there a particular… context under which they began? A date of significance, or a position in which they would influence your actions?”
“They began the second of First Seed, year 419. I was serving as a swordsman in the Kvatch Guard, morning shift wall duty.”
“How dreadfully mundane. And chronologically irrelevant, months and miles from any event of significance. Did the dreams drive a change in your actions?”
“The dreams quickly taught me to be wary of cultists.”
“Did cultists ever pose a threat to you?”
“Cultists are always a threat. They just happen to never be doing anything wrong whenever I, or anyone I know, sees them.”
“…Grand.”
“I am beginning to suspect this is nothing more than a rival playing against my curiosity. For all the signs of a calculating thief, there is no apparent goal or timing to their actions. The culprit moves with a pointless inelegance, almost as though ac-”
“Vaermina must leave now for reasons entirely unrelated to the secret theory they just developed.”
President Trump has hired lawyer Marc Kasowitz as their personal lawyer in the on-going Trump-Russia probe. In itself, this is uncontroversial and unsurprising. Every modern president has hired personal lawyers – in addition the White House Counsel – when they're part of major investigations.
But there are more details about Kasowitz.
Kasowitz has long served as Trump's go-to lawyer when they get into messes. They defended Trump in the Trump University case.  They are also currently defending the President in their legal battle with Summer Zervos, a former “Apprentice” contestant who accused Trump of groping them
Finally, Kasowitz is the law partner of Joe Lieberman, who at least until this point was the top contender to lead the FBI post-Comey. The fact that Lieberman worked at the law firm of Trump's longtime lawyer had already raised questions about Lieberman's independence. Trump bringing them on as their lawyer in this case seems to have tanked Lieberman's candidacy. But it's Trump. So who knows?
I contacted LGUS today and they would neither confirm nor deny WiFi for the GWR. The online chat rep ended the session by saying that "They would need to contact me later after they did some research to provide me with an accurate answer." I thought for sure that they misunderstood my question and assumed that I was more interested in the 5.1.1 release. If that were the case I could see why support might not be fully up to speed on 5.1.1 and would want to research a little more. After I explained that I was simply interested in the specs (i.e. is it WiFi ready? Does it have an antenna?) they said they understood and reiterated that LG would need time to research. Why in the world would support not have this info immediately at hand? They need time to research the specs for something that's been out for months?
The bottom line is either Phandroid is wrong or LG lied at the initial press conference and the FCC gave out bogus accreditation.
Following a letter calling for dialogue with Israel, the Harry Potter author responds to readers' questions to explain why they are not supporting the cultural boycott
JK Rowling has spoken out further about their decision not to join a cultural boycott of Israel, saying that while they have “deplored” most of the actions of Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu, they do not believe a decision by artists to refrain from cultural relations with the country will force them from power.
The bestselling novelist also spoke of how “the sharing of art and literature across borders constitutes an immense power for good in this world”, citing the “heart-splitting poetry of Mahmoud Darwish”, the late and widely acclaimed Palestinian poet who “seared … the true human cost of the Palestinian conflict … upon my consciousness”.
The Palestinian poet who inspired JK Rowling's stance on Israel Read more
Rowling was one of more than 150 signatories to a letter published in the Guardian last week, along with names including Melvyn Bragg, Hilary Mantel and Simon Schama. The letter was written in response to a February missive signed by around 700 artists calling for a cultural boycott of Israel. The letter signed by Rowling cites its signatories' belief that “cultural boycotts singling out Israel are divisive and discriminatory, and will not further peace”, and that “cultural engagement builds bridges, nurtures freedom and positive movement for change”.
The letter also announces the launch of Culture for Coexistence, a new network which intends to “inform and encourage dialogue about Israel and the Palestinians in the wider cultural and creative community”.
Rowling said yesterday that “a number of readers” had asked for more information about why they signed the letter. They wrote on TwitLonger: “I have deplored most of Mr Netanyahu's actions in office. However, I do not believe that a cultural boycott will force Mr Netanyahu from power, nor have I ever heard of a cultural boycott ending a bloody and prolonged conflict.
“If any effects are felt from the proposed boycott, it will be by ordinary Israelis, many of whom did not vote for Mr Netanyahu. Those Israelis will be right to ask why cultural boycotts are not also being proposed against – to take random examples – North Korea and Zimbabwe, whose leaders are not generally considered paragons by the international community.”
The Harry Potter author went on to write about their belief that “the sharing of art and literature across borders constitutes an immense power for good in this world”. They continued: “In its highest incarnation, as exemplified by Darwish, art civilises, challenges and reminds us of our common humanity. At a time when the stigmatisation of religions and ethnicities seems to be on the rise, I believe strongly that cultural dialogue and collaboration is more important than ever before and that cultural boycotts are divisive, discriminatory and counterproductive.”
Challenged on Twitter by one Palestinian this morning, they responded: “Believing in Palestinian rights & deploring occupation, I fear cultural boycott targets those most critical of govt inside Israel & those views should be heard.”
Extracts from the poetry of Mahmoud Darwish
Identity Card
Write down!
I am an Arab
And my identity card number is fifty thousand
I have eight children
And the ninth will come after a summer
Will you be angry?
Listen to the full poem
Under Seige
Here on the slopes of hills, facing the dusk and the cannon of time
Close to the gardens of broken shadows,
We do what prisoners do,
And what the jobless do:
We cultivate hope.
***
A country preparing for dawn. We grow less intelligent
For we closely watch the hour of victory:
No night in our night lit up by the shelling
Our enemies are watchful and light the light for us
In the darkness of cellars.
***
Here there is no “I”.
Here Adam remembers the dust of their clay.
Listen to the full poem
What a time for a conservative civil war. As Republicans bask in their 2010 election victories, a fight over Muslims and gays is crashing into the biggest righty confab: this weekend's Conservative Political Action Conference, run by the influential American Conservative Union. Instead of popping champagne corks, outgoing ACU Chairman David Keene finds themselves battling charges that their CPAC is leaning left.
At issue are charges that ACU and CPAC are embracing Muslim terrorists and gays. The reaction has been swift, with the Heritage Foundation think tank pulling out of CPAC after sponsoring it for years, and the Family Research Council, which opposes abortion and gay rights, staying away from the conference, which ends Saturday. “Our basic concern is that it's getting hard to see what kind of event CPAC is going to be this year,” says Heritage spokesperson James Weidman. “You've just got so many different groups going in there that have messages ranging from the not-conservative to wing-nutty.”
Keene shrugs, noting the long list of conservative stalwarts speaking at the Thursday-Saturday event, including Donald Rumsfeld, Newt Gingrich, and Mitt Romney. “What more do I need to say?” Keene asks. “Our mission is not to narrowly define conservatism but to get groups from every wing of the movement together once a year.”
Charges that CPAC is pro-gay result from Keene letting the group GOProud participate. Keene says they warned GOProud not to press gay issues at CPAC. “They said that's fine,” they recall. “ ‘We want to talk about taxes. We want to talk about Social Security. We want to talk about those things.' And then I said you're welcome to come.”
The claim that Keene is sympathetic to Muslim anarchists comes because they have a Muslim American, Suhail Khan, on their board of directors. In 1999, Kahn portrayed Muslims as victims of American discrimination and violence. Critic Frank Gaffney, head of the Center for Security Policy, charges that Kahn “is either a Muslim brother [member of the Muslim Brotherhood] or is a man so closely tied to them that they do not appreciate they are the enemy of the United States.” Kahn, who was an aide to President George W. Bush, says flatly: “Frank does not believe Muslim Americans should serve in government.”
Keene mocks Gaffney's claims that Kahn somehow put terrorists in charge of foreign policy under Bush or at ACU and CPAC. “The whole thing in my mind is totally and completely absurd,” says Keene.
See photos of the Obamas behind the scenes.
Check out our gallery of Whispers political caricatures.
See the month's best political cartoons.
Shadow culture secretary speaks out after Treasury admits minutes were not kept of conversations with Rupert Murdoch and others
George Osborne is coming under pressure to explain the secrecy surrounding their meetings with top media bosses after it emerged that the details of their talks with Rupert Murdoch and others were kept out of Treasury records.
Osborne has met the News Corp mogul three times in the past two years. They also held talks with Telegraph executives, senior BBC bosses, and the Independent and London Evening Standard proprietor. All the meetings were held off the record, the Treasury has admitted.
“The chancellor must now come clean and explain what they have been keeping from the British public behind closed doors at the Treasury,” Maria Eagle, the shadow culture secretary, said.
Rupert Murdoch and top News Corp bosses 'met ministers 10 times in a year' Read more
Eagle, who was moved to their current position during Jeremy Corbyn's reshuffle this month, said the chancellor had serious questions to answer.
They said: “In the year that the BBC charter is being reviewed and with the government drawing up plans to privatise Channel 4, the public will rightly want to know why Osborne has had so many off-the-record meetings with media leaders, and what exactly was discussed in them.”
Treasury records show that Osborne held two ministerial meetings with Murdoch in June 2015 and then another in September that year.
According to Cabinet Office guidance, ministerial meetings should be minuted if anything is discussed that either leads to a policy decision, requires any sort of follow-up action, or where any view is expressed that could be in any way useful to someone not present.
None of the meetings met any of those criteria, the Treasury said. Neither did talks with the BBC director general, Lord Hall, and their director of strategy, James Purnell, in May 2014, nor with the Telegraph Media Group chairperson, Aidan Barclay, in July of that year, they said.
The same applied to a February 2015 meeting with Evgeny Lebedev, the owner of the Standard and Independent titles, others with Hall in June and July that year and talks with the Telegraph Media Group chief executive, Murdoch MacLennan, in September 2015, the Treasury said.
Officials did minute a meeting with the BBC director general in September 2015. The Treasury refused to release those records. To do so would not be in the public interest, it said.
The chancellor also met senior journalists from various organisations, including the Guardian editor, Katharine Viner, and the Sun editor, David Dinsmore.
The campaign group Transparency International UK called on the chancellor to open up about their links to media executives.
“At present, citizens have little opportunity to understand who is lobbying who, on what issues and at what cost. At the same time, 59% of the public also believe that the UK government works for a few big entities acting in their own interest,” its senior research officer, Steve Goodrich, said.
“Greater transparency on lobbying could help build confidence that the government is working in the interests of citizens, rather than lobbyists. This is why the government must improve the quality and timeliness of information it publishes about ministers' meetings with external organisations, and introduce a statutory register of lobbyists that is fit for purpose.”
Osborne, like other ministers, accepted the hospitality of a series of media executives, including senior News Corp bosses. It is understood that minutes are not expected to be taken during these encounters.
Many people who don't know much about old Buddhist texts often know one passage from the Pali Canon: the part of the Kalama Sutta (AN 3.65) stating that old texts can't be trusted.
Quotes from this passage come in many shapes and sizes. Some of them are short sound bites, like the message that was rubber-stamped on the envelope of a letter I once received:
Follow your own sense of right and wrong. — The Buddha
There's also the desktop wallpaper:
Believe nothing, no matter who said it, not even if I said it, if it doesn't fit in with your own reason and common sense. — The Buddha
Even scholarly citations of the sutta give the same message. Here's the entire quote from the sutta in a recent book:
When you know for yourselves that these things are wholesome... these things, when entered upon and undertaken, incline toward welfare and happiness — then, Kalamas, having come to them you should stay with them. — The Buddha
Taken together, these quotes justify our tendency to pick what we like from the old texts and throw the rest away. No need to understand the larger context of the dhamma they teach, the Buddha seems to be saying. You're better off rolling your own.
But if you look at the entire passage in the Kalama Sutta, you discover that these quotes give only part of the picture. The Buddha's skepticism toward reliable authorities extends inside as well as out:
So in this case, Kalamas, don't go by reports, by legends, by traditions, by scripture, by logical deduction, by inference, by analogies, by agreement through pondering views, by probability, or by the thought, 'This contemplative is our teacher.'
Notice the words in bold face, the ones that usually get dropped from the quote or sloughed over when they're included. When the Buddha says that you can't go by logical deduction, inference, or analogies, he's saying that you can't always trust your sense of reason. When they say that you can't go by agreement through pondering views (i.e., what seems to fit in with what you already believe) or by probability, he's saying that you can't always trust your common sense. And of course, you can't always trust teachers, scriptures, or traditions. So where can you place your trust? You have to put things to the test in your own thoughts, words, and deeds, to see what actually leads to suffering and what leads to its end.
When you know for yourselves that, 'These dhammas are unskillful; these dhammas are blameworthy; these dhammas are criticized by the wise; these dhammas, when adopted & carried out, lead to harm & to suffering' — then you should abandon them. When you know for yourselves that, 'These dhammas are skillful; these dhammas are blameless; these dhammas are praised by the wise; these dhammas, when adopted & carried out, lead to welfare & to happiness' — then you should enter & remain in them.
The word "dhamma" in these passages means three things in one: teaching, mental quality, and action. Teachings are naturally related to the mind states and actions they inspire, so they should be judged by the results they give when put into action. True dhamma is what works in leading to genuine well-being. False dhamma is what doesn't.
But even when judging the results of your own actions, you can't simply take your own ideas of "what works" as a trustworthy standard. After all, you can easily side with your greed, aversion, or delusion, setting your standards too low. So to check against this tendency, the Buddha recommends that you also take into consideration the views of the wise, for you'll never grow until you allow your standards to be challenged by theirs.
Now, if you're expecting quick access to a totally reliable authority, this may sound like a catch: If you're not wise enough to trust your own judgment, how can you recognize who's really wise? But it's not a catch. It's simply the way we have to operate when developing any kind of skill — your appreciation of good carpentry, for example, grows as you master carpentry yourself — and the Buddha is making the point that this is how to approach the dhamma: as a skill to be mastered. As with any skill, your inner sensitivity and assurance as to who's truly wise in the skill grows only through your willingness to learn.
In giving advice on how to learn this skill, the Buddha is speaking, not with the authority of your creator who can tell you what you have to believe, but with the authority of an expert in their field, one who knows from experience what does and doesn't work. If you want to learn from him, you're wise to accept their observations on how it's best done. The first thing to recognize is that there are others who have mastered the skill before you and that they have some important things to teach.
Among the things they'll teach you, of course, is what they've learned from the wise before them, going back to the Buddha. Some of this knowledge can be passed on in words, but in a list of the qualities to look for in the wise — and to learn from them — the Buddha shows that there's more to wisdom than just words. A person worthy of respect, they say at AN 7.64, should have a sense of seven things: the dhamma, its meaning, oneself, enough, the right time and place, social gatherings, and how to judge individual people.
What's striking about this list is that only the first two qualities deal with verbal knowledge. Having a sense of the dhamma means knowing what the Buddha did and didn't say; having a sense of meaning knowing how to explain the dhamma's difficult concepts and ideas: the general principles that express its values, and the basic techniques for implementing them. These are things we can pick up from dhamma talks and books.
But the Buddha didn't teach a one-size-fits-all-in-every-situation technique. Even their seemingly abstract principles are meant for particular stages in the training. "Not-self," for example, is useful in some instances, and harmful in others. This is why the Buddha added the last five members of the list: the sensitivities that turn the techniques and principles into genuine skills.
Having a sense of oneself means knowing your strengths and weaknesses in terms of conviction, virtue, learning, generosity, discernment, and quick-wittedness. In other words, you know which qualities are important to focus on, and can assess objectively where you still have more work to do.
Having a sense of enough applies primarily to your use of the requisites of life — food, clothing, shelter, and medicine — but it can also apply to intangibles, such as when you need less desire, effort, concentration, or thinking in your practice, and when you need more.
Having a sense of time means knowing when to listen, when to memorize what you've heard, when to ask questions, and when to go off into seclusion and practice on your own.
Having a sense of social gatherings means knowing how to speak and behave with people from different backgrounds and classes of society.
Having a sense of individuals means knowing how to judge which people are worthy of emulation in their pursuit of the dhamma and which ones are not.
Even though we can talk about these last five qualities, we can't embody them through words. They're habits, and the only way to pick up good habits is by being around good examples: people who've already been trained to embody these qualities in the way they live.
This is why the Buddha — in trying to establish the dhamma for future generations — didn't just leave a body of teachings. They also set up the monastic sangha and organized it to carry on the tradition of all seven of these qualities: their habits as well as their words. To ensure that the standard of the dhamma would last over time, they first made it clear that they didn't want anyone tampering with theirs teachings.
Monks, these two slander the Tathagata. Which two? One who explains what was not said or spoken by the Tathagata as said or spoken by the Tathagata. And one who explains what was said or spoken by the Tathagata as not said or spoken by the Tathagata. These are the two who slander the Tathagata. — AN 2.23
It's easy to understand why the Buddha phrased this so strongly. They had chosen their words with great care, and wanted the same level of care in those who quoted him. Fidelity, in their eyes, was an act of compassion. They intended their words to be taken as a standard for what was and wasn't dhamma — anything consistent with their words was to be accepted as dhamma; anything inconsistent, to be rejected as not — so it's only natural that he'd warn their followers not to muddy the standard. Otherwise, later generations would have no trustworthy guide in their search to end suffering.
So in addition to establishing principles for determining what they did and didn't teach, they also set up protocols for how the sangha should settle disagreements on this issue when they arose.
To ensure that the meaning of the dhamma would be passed on, they established the principle that teachers should be open to questioning. They didn't want them to engage in what they called bombast: empty words "the work of poets, the work of outsiders, artful in sound, artful in expression." They encouraged their students to focus on teaching the end of suffering, and to encourage their students to dissect those teachings to make their meaning clear. Understanding occurs best when there's an opportunity for an open dialogue in good faith.
To transmit the habits of the dhamma, the Buddha designed the ideal teacher-student relationship on the model of an apprenticeship. You live with the teacher for a minimum of five years, attending to the teacher's needs, as a way of observing — and being observed by — the teacher in all sorts of situations.
To allow for the fact that your sense of judgment develops over time, the Buddha didn't force you to commit to a teacher for life. You look for someone who, as far as you can see, has integrity, but if you sense with time that integrity is lacking, you're free to look for a new teacher.
At the same time, the Buddha realized that not everyone would have the time or inclination to undergo this apprenticeship, so they arranged a division of labor. The monks and nuns who had passed through apprenticeship were to live, not in cloisters, but in places where lay people would be free to come and learn from the fruits of their training.
So it's obvious that the Buddha didn't have a casual or cavalier attitude toward the preservation of their words and habits. Knowing the difficulties he'd encountered in discovering the dhamma, they didn't trust us — with our greed, aversion, and delusion — to discover it on our own. They knew we'd need help. Although they foresaw that their teachings would someday disappear, they didn't simply resign themselves to change or trust that it would always work out for the best. They established a wide range of safeguards to ensure that reliable words and models of behavior would survive as long as possible.
But in the cut-and-paste Buddhism developing around us in the West, many of these safeguards have been dropped. In particular, the idea of apprenticeship — so central in mastering the habits of the dhamma as a skill — is almost totally lacking. Dhamma principles are reduced to vague generalities, and the techniques for testing them are stripped to a bare, assembly-line minimum.
We reassure ourselves that the changes we've made in Buddhism are all for the best — that Buddhism has always adapted itself to every culture it enters, and we can trust it to adapt wisely to the West. But this treats Buddhism as if it were a conscious agent — a wise amoebic force that knows how to adapt to its environment in order to survive. Actually, Buddhism isn't an agent, and it doesn't adapt. It gets adapted — sometimes by people who know what they're doing, sometimes by people who don't. Just because a particular adaptation survives and prevails doesn't mean that it's genuine dhamma. It may simply appeal to the desires and fears of its target audience.
Certainly we in the West are easy targets for the idea that the Buddha wants us to cut and paste their dhamma as we like. Many of us have been burned by religious authorities and we don't want to risk getting burned again. There's also our cultural pride: We like to think that we can see more clearly than Asian Buddhist what's of genuine value in their traditions and what's simply cultural baggage — as if we didn't have cultural baggage of our own. And how do we know what's "just baggage"? A beat-up old suitcase might contain your jewelry and keys.
So is a designer dhamma what we really want? As the Buddha noted, one of the natural reactions to suffering is to search for someone who can give good advice on how to put an end to it. When offered the choice, wouldn't you prefer reliable guidance on how to end your suffering rather than a do-it-yourself kit with vague instructions and no guarantees?
Or are there those who would benefit if you bought the kit? People sometimes argue that in our diverse, postmodern world we need a postmodern Buddhism in which no one's interpretation can be criticized as wrong. But that's trading the possibility of total freedom from suffering for something much less: freedom from criticism. And it ignores the other side of the postmodernist equation: that our perceived wants can be overwhelmingly shaped by the interests of institutions who want something out of us. One of the common ruses of privatization is to offer us less, dress it up as more, so that we'll pay more for it. Is that what's happening here?
The Buddha wasn't so naïve as to think that we can always know what's in our own best interest. They saw long before the postmoderns that there's plenty to mistrust both in old texts and in our own preconceptions about what seems reasonable. Yet they did the postmoderns one better by offering a solution to this dilemma. It would be a shame if, sold on the idea of designing our own dhamma, we let their solution die.
This story was originally published at 6:20 p.m. EDT April 21, 2016.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has given its blessing to a study on the effect of medical marijuana on post-traumatic stress disorder, the first randomized, controlled research in the U.S. for PTSD that will use the actual plant instead of oils or synthesized cannabis.
According to the research's nonprofit sponsor, Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies, or MAPS, the DEA's approval gives researchers the go-ahead to buy the marijuana for the study from the National Institute of Drug Abuse.
Once the marijuana has been secured, the group will begin recruiting and enrolling participants, perhaps as early as June, MAPS spokesperson Brad Burge said.
"The contract with the state of Colorado was signed on April 20 — an unofficial national holiday in some circles — meaning the funds are en route to MAPS. We are now preparing to place the order for the marijuana for the study," Burge said in an email to Military Times.
Colorado in 2014 awarded a $2 million grant to MAPS for the research and at the same time gave an additional $5.6 million to several other organizations to support medical marijuana studies.
The research first received approval in March 2014 from the Health and Human Services Department and was set to get underway at the University of Arizona and other locations within a year. But the program was delayed after the Tucson, Arizona, school terminated the contract of Dr. Sue Sisley, who was then the primary researcher on the program.
Marcel Bonn-Miller with the University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine is now overseeing the project, with Sisley running half the study in Arizona and Ryan Vandrey overseeing the other half at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
Work also will be conducted at the University of Colorado School of Medicine.
Participants will include 76 veterans who have treatment-resistant PTSD. The study will use marijuana of various strains and potency for comparison purposes.
The use of medical marijuana to treat PTSD remains controversial because while some veterans say the plant eases their symptoms and has allowed them to stop using prescription medications, very little scientific research supports these claims.
Advocates say the research will fill a much-needed gap in medical literature.
"This is a critical step in moving our botanical drug development program forward at the federal level to gather information on the dosing, risks, and benefits of smoked marijuana for PTSD symptoms," said Amy Emerson, director of clinical research for the MAPS Public Benefit Corporation.
Jesus Vigo revisits how to create a USB installer for OS X Yosemite. This time, they provide a simpler, one-step method for the creation process.
Four months ago, Apple released the Yosemite Developer Preview. At that time, I went through the steps to create a USB installer that would copy the installation files necessary to install OS X 10.10.
While the steps varied slightly from previous versions of OS X, it was still an involved process to get the files from the 5 GB+ installer to a USB Flash Drive.
Luckily, there's a simpler way to extract the files from the installer and copy them directly to a bootable USB drive in one fell swoop by using the Terminal.
Before proceeding, review the requirements below prior to creating a USB installer.
Apple computer running OS X 10.6.8+
iTunes account
Install OS X Yosemite.app (Mac App Store)
Full administrative rights to execute commands in Terminal
USB Flash Drive (or SD Card) with a minimum of 8 GB storage space
Let's take a look at how to create the USB installer for OS X Yosemite, the easy way.
Insert the USB Flash Drive or SD Card into the Mac, and make a note of the drive label given to the removable media. Launch Terminal.app from the Applications\Utilities folder. By default, Mac App Store downloads the Installation OS X Yosemite.app file to the Applications folder. In the Terminal, enter the command
sudo /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia —volume /Volumes/DRIVE_LABEL —applicationpath /Applications/Install\ OS\ X\ Yosemite.app —nointeraction
and reference the default save location (Figure A).
Figure A
Removable media, when inserted into a Mac, will display a volume name. For the command to execute properly, the label assigned to the device must be entered in place of "DRIVE_LABEL." Once this has been corrected, press the Enter key, and you'll be prompted to enter the administrative password. Enter the password, press Enter again, and the process will begin by initializing the drive, which will erase its contents and partition it accordingly (Figure B).
Figure B
Next, the installation files will be copied to the drive (Figure C).
Figure C
The boot files will also be copied to the drive to make the device bootable (Figure D).
Figure D
When the copying process is complete, the word "Done" will appear on the terminal screen. Depending on the specs of your computer, this process can take about 30 minutes on average to complete. Do not remove or quit the task until the word "Done" is displayed, or the drive may not work properly (Figure E).
Figure E
With the drive created, insert it into a Mac and try to boot to it by holding down the Option key and selecting it from the boot menu. If working properly, the drive will take you to the OS X installation screen to perform a clean installation of OS X Yosemite.
While this process is on-par with the amount of time needed to create a USB installer using the previous method, a one-step creation process using the Terminal is easier to accomplish than the multi-step process.
The process highlighted here will require admin credentials to complete, while the previous process only requires an admin account if the USB Flash Drive must be partitioned — otherwise, the process may be performed as a standard user. Depending on your situation, knowing both methods could have its advantages in the field.
Alvin Lee, whose fire-fingered guitar playing drove the British blues-rock band Ten Years After to stardom in the 1960s and early '70s, died on Wednesday in Spain. They were 68.
They died “after unforeseen complications following a routine surgical procedure,” according to a brief post by family members on their Web site. Their manager, Ron Rainey, said that Mr. Lee had been living in southern Spain for some time.
Mr. Lee was not as well known as other emerging British guitar stars of the era, including Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, Jeff Beck and perhaps even Albert Lee, with whom they were occasionally confused (and with whom they once recorded alongside Jerry Lee Lewis). But they were among the nimblest when it came to musicianship.
On their Gibson ES-335 Mr. Lee could shift instantly from speedy single-string leads to rhythmic riffs while doing their best to sing like their American blues heroes. They grew up listening to their father's Big Bill Broonzy and Lonnie Johnson records in Nottingham, England.
I just watched the new pilot episode of The Man in the High Castle, a television adaptation of the Hugo Award winning Philip K. Dick novel, and it is great.
By Andrew Arnett, orangebeefpress.com.
Ridley Scott who directed the cyberpunk classic Blade Runner, returns to helm another Philip K. Dick project, this time as executive producer. David Semel (American Horror Story, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Hannibal, and The Strain) is directing. To tweak the geek quotient yet another notch, Frank Spotnitz of X-Files fame is on board as writer. Loaded with this high caliber roster, Amazon Studios has delivered a sleek effective film which some claim to be the best adaptation of a Philip K. Dick work to date.
[quote_right]Amazon Studios has delivered a sleek effective film which some claim to be the best adaptation of a Philip K. Dick work to date[/quote_right]
Set in 1962, the opening sequence takes us to New York's Times Square. There are large billboards depicting Hitler and Nazi swastikas are everywhere. This is a world in which the Axis powers have won World War Two, and a defeated America has been carved into three sections, with the east coast belonging to the Germans, the west to Japan, and the middle Rocky Mountain States acting as a neutral buffer zone.
In this alternate history, a syphilitic Adolf Hitler is on the verge of being replaced as Führer, fueling rumors amongst the Japanese hierarchy that the new German leadership may choose to drop a nuke on Japan, thus igniting a new war. This scenario is quintessential Philip K. Dick, the atmosphere rife with paranoia and authoritarian control.
Dropped into this milieu is freedom fighter Joe Blake (Luke Kleintank) who joins an underground American resistance group. Armed with a gun and a bag full of amphetamines, Blake is given the assignment to transport goods from New York to the neutral zone.
In Japanese controlled San Francisco, we meet Juliana Crain (Alexa Davalos), a student of aikido who is thrust into intrigue when their dying sister hands off a film reel containing a movie called The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, created by a mysterious entity known only as The Man in The High Castle.  They are instructed to transport the film, the possession of which is an act of treason, to a location in Colorado.
John Smith (Rufus Sewell) is the ruthless Nazi commander dedicated to hunting down and killing all traitors to the party. Nobusuke Tagomi (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) is the Japanese Empire's liaison who consults the I Ching in their attempts to avert war with Germany.
These are the main characters introduced in this pilot episode, with the focus on Joe and Juliana as the story culminates with their meeting in Colorado. There is a effective twist at the end to leave the viewer wanting more.
After the success of its airing in January, resulting in the largest viewership yet for Amazon, the studio, in February, picked up the series for production.
[quote_right]I had the opportunity to watch The Man in the High Castle while visiting Orange County, California. I point this out because this is where Philip K. Dick lived and died[/quote_right]
I had the opportunity to watch The Man in the High Castle while visiting Orange County, California. I point this out because this is where Philip K. Dick lived and died. But Dick harbored strong ambivalence towards southern California, a place they would call home for the last ten years of their life.
In a letter they wrote to science fiction writer Stanislaw Lem in 1973, Dick stated “There is no culture here in California, only trash. And we who grew up here and live here and write here have nothing else to include as elements in our work . . . The west coast has no tradition, no dignity and no ethics – this is where that monster Richard Nixon grew up. One must work with the trash, pit it against itself.”
Indeed, there could have been no better place for Dick, as a writer, than Orange County.
California, in many ways, represents the future, a future that troubled Dick greatly. Keenly aware of its plasticity and artificial nature, they would mockingly refer to southern California as “Disneyland.” Disneyland was the symbol, the simulacra that had replaced authentic life for Americans and perhaps one day, the world. These meditations upon what was real and unreal would dominate all Dick's work.
“In Southern California,” they write in A Scanner Darkly, “It didn't make any difference anyhow where you went; there was always the same McDonaldburger place over and over, like a circular strip that turned past you as you pretended to go somewhere.”
[quote_right]It was also here in Orange County that Dick had the most transformative experience of their life[/quote_right]
Recounted in almost all discussions of Philip K. Dick are their religious experiences from February and March of 1974, which they reference in short hand as 2-3-74.
These psychedelic visions were initiated by a series of events which included a trip to the dentist's office to extract an impacted wisdom tooth, a dose of sodium pentathol, and a visit by a delivery woman wearing a fish pendant.
The delivery woman was bringing Dick a dental prescription for Darvon, and the pendant was a symbol representing Christ. The moment Dick laid eyes on this symbol, a remarkable thing occurred: The pendant emitted a beam of light which, according to Dick, downloaded into their mind the entire sum of cosmic knowledge.
Dick called this process anamnesis, a term borrowed from Plato, meaning the recollection of knowledge from all of one's past lifetimes.
The experience was so profound it came to dominate the final eight years of their life, inspiring them to write an 8000 page “exegesis,” and author the seminal VALIS Trilogy.
Within the pages of the Exegesis, Dick grappled with the cause and meaning of the 2-3-74 occurrences.
Was it, as their detractors would claim, final proof that they were certainly crazy?
Perhaps they had suffered a mild case of temporal lobe epilepsy, which can produce visions.
Many, including Dick himself, considered the possibility that these were hallucinations resulting from years of drug abuse.
[quote_right]Although Dick had experimented with LSD, their drug of choice was amphetamines[/quote_right]
Although Dick had experimented with LSD, their drug of choice was amphetamines.
Paul Williams asked Dick in a 1975 interview for Rolling Stone whether their claim about writing all their novels since 1953 while on speed was an exaggeration.
“No,” Dick answered, “That's not an exaggeration, that's correct. A Scanner Darkly was the first complete novel I had written without speed. See, I believe there was a direct connection between the amphetamines and the writing. I attributed my speed of writing, my high productivity and my pushing myself to the amphetamines. I really used to think that if I didn't take ‘em, I couldn't write. But when I wrote Scanner, I found myself doing exactly what I'd done when I'd taken amphetamines, that is, I would work incredibly long hours, eat very little . . .”
Wether or not Dick's spiritual experiences came from a drug induced delirium, or were the result of a divine invasion, they certainly derived from a man who's spiritual yearnings were authentic.
“We are not products of this world,” Dick writes in the Exegesis, “But voyagers here – one thinks of Gnosticism at once. We have come here from another place and will eventually find the unexpected orthogonal axis and ascend to the next. Ah! Eventually we will chafe against the bonds – restrictions, determinism, limitations – of this world too, and seek release, as we did before with the “heavier” world.”
Dick certainly gives us a lot to ponder while we live out our lives in this Disneyland world.
Watch the first episode of The Man in the High Castle for free on the amazon studios website.
For the past four years, China's government and its far-reaching bureaucracy have embarked on a campaign to take back China's weibo microblog scene from the masses, who have been using social media services to expose corrupt officials, circulate news, and air their opinions.
And it's working. According to a new study by media researchers based in China and the US, the government's 176,000 microblogs are trying to control much of the discussion online, by offering official interpretations of public events, while contrary views are ruthlessly deleted by Great Firewall censors.
In the latest government maneuver, China released new restrictive regulations today seemingly aimed at Tencent's popular WeChat chat service, which has also become a de facto town square where current events are discussed. According to the People's Daily, only the public accounts of media agencies can post or re-post political news on instant messaging apps like WeChat. New users will also have to provide their real names and sign a contract promising they will “obey the law and respect the socialist system.”
In Guangzhou, WeChat users are forbidden from sharing any political news from independent or overseas news sources; only news from accredited media outlets are allowed. Weibo was the target of a similar crackdown last year.
It's a dispiriting development for those who once had high hopes for social media's ability to empower the Chinese public. (Former US president Bill Clinton once said that trying to control the internet in China was like “trying to nail Jell-O to the wall.”) And yet, today Chinese officials are not only controlling the internet through tighter restrictions and harsher penalties for Chinese media and everyday bloggers but starting to co-opt it themselves.
Since 2011, when China's deputy director of the central propaganda told local officials to “occupy weibo,” (link in Chinese) the number of microblog accounts belonging to municipal governments, individual officials, and government departments has grown from 522 in 2010 to 176,800 as of 2013. Accounts like that of the deputy director of education in Zhejiang (registration required) have over 2 million followers, while Shanghai's municipal government has almost 5 million followers.
Jesper Schlaeger of Sichuan University and Min Jiang of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte analyzed the Weibo accounts from municipal governments of Chengdu, Nanjing and Shanghai, and found that their main functions were to offer official interpretations of public events, gauge public opinion, and more importantly, to appeal to netizens via quick responses to questions and complaints, posting useful tips on traffic and weather, and stories that make the government appear more human. “Official microblogging is an extension of sophisticated e-government efforts for managing social tensions and conflicts,” the researchers concluded.
Weibo The Weibo acccount of the Shanghai municipal government posts photos of a local art exhibit.
Most worrying is the possibility that state social media activity will eventually lead to more online surveillance. So far, municipal governments can't legally demand access to user data from Sina and Tencent, as the national government often does. But these internet firms have to abide by Chinese regulations, which could easily be changed so that authorities can demand information or special privileges, the authors noted.
“Historically the Chinese government has not refrained itself from reaching into the commercial quarters of the Chinese internet and regulating commercial entities as it sees fit…strong resistance from commercial internet service providers to protect the security of user data is unlikely to succeed,” the researchers said. “In the end, official microblogs reinforce, rather than change, the power relations in Chinese local governance, i.e. politics as usual.”
Two of the U.S. Air Force's F-22 Raptors in flight.
Seven years after they were declared battle ready, the $370 million jet sees action. By Marcus Weisgerber
The U.S. Air Force used the stealthy F-22 Raptor to bomb Islamic State militant targets in Syria, marking the first time the expensive jet has been used in combat.
A senior military official confirmed to Defense One the Pentagon's use of the stealthy jet in the air strikes, which is significant considering it was declared battle-ready in 2005.
The U.S. military has regularly deployed Lockheed Martin-built F-22s to al-Dhafra Air Base, a sprawling military complex just south of Abu Dhabi, since at least 2012. However the Pentagon does not acknowledge the jets are based there due to sensitivities expressed by the United Arab Emirates government.
The jets were originally sent to the Middle East base to deter Iran from building nuclear weapons. But the radar-evading machines are tailor made for missions they conducted Monday night and early Tuesday morning in Syria, which has sophisticated surface-to-air missiles that could detect and shoot down aircraft, said Mark Gunzinger, a retired Air Force colonel now with the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments in Washington.
“That's not unexpected considering DOD is now conducting missions into Syria,” Gunzinger said of the F-22's participation.
This week's airstrikes in Syria are the latest example of the U.S. military using technologies developed in the 1980s, originally conceived for battle with the Soviet Union, Gunzinger said.
“The combination of aircraft in particular with stealth, speed, multi-mission capability and precision strike capabilities have proven themselves time and again,” they said. “This is just another conflict where the combination of those capabilities has undoubtedly proven very effective.”
The U.S. military has paid nearly $70 billion to develop and buy 187 F-22s. When factoring in development and production costs, each aircraft has a price tag of about $370 million. The jets are now undergoing a major multibillion-dollar upgrade to improve intelligence gathering and air-to-ground attack capabilities.
Originally conceived as a purely air-to-air combat aircraft, much like the Boeing F-15 Eagle, the F-22 was designed to the best high-end Russian fighters in aerial dogfights. But in the early 1990s, a decision was made to give the twin-engine jet a bomb-dropping capability, Gunzinger said.
“The initial decision was to modify about half of them; and then later on it was to modify all of them,” Gunzinger said.
That meant installing an internal weapons bay in the belly of each jet. Other Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps fighters in the Defense Department arsenal carry weapons on their wings, making them more detectable on radar. Storing the weapons inside the plane combined with an advanced radar and special coating on of the skin of the aircraft reduce the chances of being seen.
The Air Force originally envisioned a fleet of more than 700 F-22s. That number progressively fell to 381 and the current fleet of 187.
Many people think evolution requires thousands or millions of years, but biologists know it can happen fast. Now, thanks to the genomic revolution, researchers can actually track the population-level genetic shifts that mark evolution in action—and they're doing this in humans. Two studies presented at the Biology of Genomes meeting here last week show how our genomes have changed over centuries or decades, charting how since Roman times the British have evolved to be taller and fairer, and how just in the last generation the effect of a gene that favors cigarette smoking has dwindled in some groups.
“Being able to look at selection in action is exciting,” says Molly Przeworski, an evolutionary biologist at Columbia University. The studies show how the human genome quickly responds to new conditions in subtle but meaningful ways, they say. “It's a game-changer in terms of understanding evolution.”
Evolutionary biologists have long concentrated on the role of new mutations in generating new traits. But once a new mutation has arisen, it must spread through a population. Every person carries two copies of each gene, but the copies can vary slightly within and between individuals. Mutations in one copy might increase height; those in another copy, or allele, might decrease it. If changing conditions favor, say, tallness, then tall people will have more offspring, and more copies of variants that code for tallness will circulate in the population.
With the help of giant genomic data sets, scientists can now track these evolutionary shifts in allele frequencies over short timescales. Jonathan Pritchard of Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, and their postdoc Yair Field did so by counting unique single-base changes, which are found in every genome. Such rare individual changes, or singletons, are likely recent, because they haven't had time to spread through the population. Because alleles carry neighboring DNA with them as they circulate, the number of singletons on nearby DNA can be used as a rough molecular clock, indicating how quickly that allele has changed in frequency.
Pritchard's team analyzed 3000 genomes collected as part of the UK10K sequencing project in the United Kingdom. For each allele of interest in each genome, Field calculated a “singleton density score” based on the density of nearby single, unique mutations. The more intense the selection on an allele, the faster it spreads, and the less time there is for singletons to accumulate near it. The approach can reveal selection over the past 100 generations, or about 2000 years.
Stanford graduate students Natalie Telis and Evan Boyle and postdoc Ziyue Gao found relatively few singletons near alleles that confer lactose tolerance—a trait that enables adults to digest milk—and that code for particular immune system receptors. Among the British, these alleles have evidently been highly selected and have spread rapidly. The team also found fewer singletons near alleles for blond hair and blue eyes, indicating that these traits, too, have rapidly spread over the past 2000 years, Field reported in their talk and on 7 May in the preprint server bioRxiv.org. One evolutionary driver may have been Britain's gloomy skies: Genes for fair hair also cause lighter skin color, which allows the body to make more vitamin D in conditions of scarce sunlight. Or sexual selection could have been at work, driven by a preference for blond mates.
Other researchers praise the new technique. “This approach seems to allow much more subtle and much more common signals of selection to be detected,” says evolutionary geneticist Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany.
In a sign of the method's power, Pritchard's team also detected selection in traits controlled not by a single gene, but by tiny changes in hundreds of genes. Among them are height, head circumference in infants, and hip size in females—crucial for giving birth to those infants. By looking at the density of singletons flanking more than 4 million DNA differences, Pritchard's team discovered that selection for all three traits occurred across the genome in recent millennia.
Joseph Pickrell, an evolutionary geneticist at New York Genome Center in New York City, has used a different strategy to put selection under an even keener microscope, detecting signs of evolution on the scale of a human lifetime. They and Przeworski took a close look at the genomes of 60,000 people of European ancestry who had been genotyped by Kaiser Permanente in Northern California, and 150,000 people from a massive U.K. sequencing effort called the UK Biobank. They wanted to know whether genetic variants change frequency across individuals of different ages, revealing selection at work within a generation or two. The biobank included relatively few old people, but it did have information about participants' parents, so the team also looked for connections between parental death and allele frequencies in their children.
In the parents' generation, for example, the researchers saw a correlation between early death in men and the presence in their children (and therefore presumably in the parents) of a nicotine receptor allele that makes it harder to quit smoking. Many of the men who died young had reached adulthood in the United Kingdom in the 1950s, a time when many British men had a pack-a-day habit. In contrast, the allele's frequency in women and in people from Northern California did not vary with age, presumably because fewer in these groups smoked heavily and the allele did not affect their survival. As smoking habits have changed, the pressure to weed out the allele has ceased, and its frequency is unchanged in younger men, Pickrell explains. “My guess is we are going to discover a lot of these gene-by-environment effects,” Przeworski says.
Indeed, Pickrell's team detected other shifts. A set of gene variants associated with late-onset menstruation was more common in longer-lived women, suggesting it might help delay death. Pickrell also reported that the frequency of the ApoE4 allele, which is associated with Alzheimer's disease, drops in older people because carriers died early. “We can detect selection on the shortest timeframe possible, an individual's life span,” they say.
Signs of selection on short timescales will always be prey to statistical fluctuations. But together the two projects “point to the power of large studies to understand what factors determine survival and reproduction in humans in present-day societies,” Pääbo says.
Prakash Singh/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
Delhi's experiment with efficient public road transportation, in the form of the Bus Rapid Transit corridor, has devolved into a court battle that pitches the city's wealthy, car-owning minority against the majority of road users.
The next step may be the highest court in the land. The Delhi government plans to appeal to India's Supreme Court to keep the corridor car-free if Delhi's high court, which is hearing the case now, decides that cars should be allowed in the bus-only lanes, an official in Delhi's Transport Department told India Ink on Monday.
Delhi's buses are residents' most important method of transportation in the city of over 16 million. Fewer than 20 percent of road users in Delhi travel in private vehicles, including cars and scooters, while about half of all road users in Delhi commute by bus, according to the RITES Delhi Traffic and Forecast Study. The rest use bicycles or three-wheeled auto-rickshaws, or go by foot.
The BRT corridor, which is modeled after other systems in high-traffic cities like Bogota, was designed to make bus and bicycle travel safer and faster, and encourage travel that does not involve cars. It features a bicycle-only lane and a center lane just for buses.
Whether the corridor, which was completed in April 2008, has been a success depends on which camp you ask. It has saved lives, but it has also increased the travel time for car drivers. Whether it has shortened bus travel times depends on which research you read.
Drivers and their advocates are so upset that they have filed a flurry of court petitions, demanding that the corridor be shut. News coverage in some English-language newspapers, particularly The Times of India, has often been sympathetic to these drivers, calling the corridor a “nightmare” and “a volcano waiting to erupt.”
An interim court order last week directed the government to allow private vehicles to use the corridor reserved for buses. A final judgment on whether to overturn it altogether is due this month from the Delhi High Court.
According to B.B. Sharan, a retired colonel who is one of the petitioners who want the corridor open to all vehicles, “only 50 buses plied on the corridor in an hour while the number of other vehicles was 40 to 50 times the number of buses.”
Traffic jams are a common sight on the carriageway next to the bus lane, they said. “It is unfair to give so little space to car users. Not a single car user has started using the bus; nobody has benefited from this,” they added.
Not everybody agrees with their claim.
“The number of fatal accidents reduced from an average of 9 to 10 accidents per year between 2001 and 2006 to 2 in 2009 on the stretch,” said Geetam Tiwari, Professor for Transport Planning at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.
Ms. Tiwari was one of the authors of the report “Delhi on the Move: 2005,” which proposed the BRT concept and was presented to the Transport Department in 1995.
“Fatal accidents involving bicyclists have not occurred in the bicycle lane since 2008,” they added.
Dunu Roy, director of Hazards Centre in New Delhi, a nongovernmental organization, agreed with this assessment. “After the BRT became operational, not only have fatalities gone down dramatically, accidents have gone down too,” they said.
Private vehicle use is rising fast in New Delhi and most Indian metropolises: An average of 1317 vehicles, including auto-rickshaws and scooters, were added to Delhi roads every day during the 2010-11 fiscal year according to Delhi Statistical Handbook 2011, of these 95 percent were private cars and two wheelers.
Soon, Delhi's roads won't be able to handle the traffic, transportation experts say, making introduction of systems like the BRT necessary. “The capacity of roads in Delhi will be exceeded by 2021 on most major roads and junctions,” said Ms. Tiwari.
Convincing private vehicle owners to use public transportation remains a difficult task in India. Car-pooling Web sites have sprung up recently, but bus transportation is widely seen as inconvenient, crowded and unsafe for women.
Advocates of the Bus Rapid Transit corridor argue that the interim court decision negates the corridor's original purpose. “Allowing other vehicles in the corridor essentially destroys the corridor. There is space for everyone, but the concern of minority car users seems to influence the city engineers and traffic managers,” Ms. Tiwari said.
Even research related to the BRT is controversial. Mr. Roy of the Hazards Centre said there are multiple problems with an interim report by the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI), a national research organization, which is the basis of the interim high court order.
The CRRI had conducted a trial run between May 12 and May 23 allowing private vehicles in the bus corridor. In its report the institute concluded that traffic moved faster when other vehicles were allowed in the corridor than when they were barred, but the report did not make note of accidents or fatalities.
“Their report is completely unscientific,” Mr. Roy said. They pointed out that in the Terms of Reference the government asked for comparisons with the BRT corridor and mixed vehicle corridors on other roads. Instead, Mr. Roy said, “the CRRI modified the BRT corridor itself and compared the results.”
Subhamay Gangopadhyay, director of the institute declined to comment on the findings of the interim report and said that they would only speak once the final report is submitted to the Delhi High Court on July 12.
Zubeda Begum, the lawyer representing the Delhi government's transport department, said that they had not looked at the CRRI interim findings but said that the organization was not an expert on the matter.
Despite the pending legal dispute, the Press Trust of India quoted Sheila Dikshit, Delhi's chief minister, last month as saying that their government “will commission more BRT routes in the city as a means to promote public transport, as a bulk of passengers were ‘happy' with the existing facility,” but provided no further details.
I've been thinking about the Sokol2 hoax, in which various conspirators sent improbable manuscripts to twenty journals of “ethnic/identity studies.” Seven journals went ahead and published the manuscripts even though the manuscripts' contents were avowedly nonsense. This builds on the work of Alan Sokol, who tried the same thing with literary theory journals, “showing” that their discourse was likewise nonsensical. Both of these moves attempt to discredit an entire class of journals by targeted attacks on a small sample of journals; the intended principle is contamination. This principle may not be applicable; there are those of us who have taken a brown spot out of an apple and eaten the rest.
I am helping a faculty member with a paper in an ethnic studies journal; there are four pages of painstaking comments from the editor, along with the mostly positive comments from two reviewers. I disagree with the editor, but I don't think anything got by him; they had the extraordinary virtue of finding everything that was wrong or could be construed as wrong. I find it completely impossible that a nonsense article could have gotten by him. They would have rejected it, period, and it probably wouldn't have gotten through peer review, either. The peer reviewers were pretty sharp, and one pointed out a legitimate hole in the argument that needed patching.
What was lacking from the ethnic/identity studies journals that published the Sokol2 papers? One guess is that they didn't have enough money to hire a good editor with subject matter expertise and relied on an overtaxed board member to vet the article. But I have another guess.
Peter Elbow spoke of a reader who might play one of two games: the Doubting Game and the Believing Game. The editor whose commentary I was looking at was playing the Doubting Game at grandmaster scale – characterizing writing by what you can find wrong with it. This will induce fear and shame in the author, and the author will revise the paper ruing how bad it was. The faculty member whom I was working with had resubmitted the paper four times, and each time had gotten back pages and pages of withering “advice.” So, that's one game. In the Believing Game, you focus on what's right with someone's writing. You err on the side of charity. You see what the author is getting at, and you help the author to get there. I am guessing that with some of these journals, one of the principles is to get the thoughts of underrepresented voices out in the world, and charitable principles mean a greater chance for the author to be heard. Sokol2 exploited this charity and used it as a weapon to attack the credibility of the journals and the views they stood for.
So, do we have to worry about Sokol3 perpetrators gaming more journals to disparage them? Yes. Should the journals spend an extra $90K a year on a master editor? (There aren't that many of them around.) Should they play the Doubting Game to make themselves impregnable? Do they want to strike fear and shame into their authors, so that the authors regret having written anything at all? Or do we simply say that the Sokol2 perpetrators are like WWI German submarines: very effective at sinking ships, with very advanced torpedos, but sinking ships is in no one's interest but theirs. No one is going to claim that the Lusitania was a legitimate target because they presented a very broad attack surface underwater.
Alas, there are no metaphorical depth charges that can be dropped on the perpetrators, and neither can the Humanities declare war against them. Probably the most solid defense against the perpetrators is PR — some kind of damage control operation, as used by rich people and corporations to mop up the consequences of their dirty business. Perhaps the MLA can put them on retainer. Nullify the PR explosion by investigating the perpetrators and publicly making clear what they have to gain. Explain the principles by which the journals stand. The perpetrators' fraud will vanish into the dustbin of history. That is where fraudsters go; quick, without a Google search, who was Yi-Fen Chou?
Iluminação pública em Portugal - Peniche desenvolve o primeiro grande contrato ESE em Portugal e vai concretizar a sua instalação ainda em 2016
A partir das 18,00 horas do próximo dia 8 de agosto, no Auditório Municipal de Peniche e no decorrer da Sessão Solene das comemorações do Dia do Município, será efetuada a apresentação pública do Contrato de gestão de eficiência energética –ESE, orientado para a substituição de luminárias da Iluminação Pública por luminárias LED, em to-do o concelho de Peniche.
Este tipo de contrato é já muito habitual na Europa, e o Município de Peniche vai concretizar aquele que se afirma como o primeiro grande contrato ESE celebrado em Portugal, indo ao encontro dos compromissos do Pacto de Autarcas para o Clima e Energia, do qual é signatário.
Trata-se de um processo em que a empresa privada envolvida –Consórcio I-SETE/Weltsmart - efetua o investimento em luminárias LED por todo o concelho de Peniche, garantindo uma poupança ao longo do período de vigência do contrato (12 anos), findo o qual a totalidade dessa poupança reverterá para o Município.
No caso concreto do Município de Peniche, a ESE vai substituir o parque de 4.358 luminárias, localizadas em to-do o concelho permitindo ao município de Peniche entrar no universo smart city, substituição essa que corresponde a cerca de 50% do total de luminárias existentes, por novas luminárias de tecnologia LED (611 com telegestão), responsabilizando-se também por toda a manutenção e conservação desses equipamentos.
Com a concretização deste investimento, que deverá ser concluído ainda em 2016, Peniche vai reduzir muito significativamente o consumo de energia elétrica na iluminação pública mantendo e melhorando o atual nível de iluminação, sem gastar um cêntimo do erário público na concretização deste volumoso investimento.
A eficiência energética associada a este projeto vai também permitir a redução progressiva das emissões de gases com efeito de estufa, designadamente de dióxido de carbono (CO2) que se estima em 83 Toneladas de Co₂ / ano.
Âmbito do Projeto:
Substituição de 4.358 luminárias por luminárias de LED eficiente (611 com telegestão), sendo que as primeiras luminárias estarão a funcionar em Setembro. Prevê-se que a globalidade do projeto esteja concluída em Novembro; A redução global de consumo energético é de 71,4%, podendo ainda ser otimizado durante a execução do contrato, estimando-se que a vida útil das luminárias possa ascender a 15/20 anos.
São os seguintes os principais dados do contrato:
We did this list last year and a few things happened that we didn't anticipate. Things like Flying Lotus rapping and Chief Keef coming back from the dead. Hip hop will continue to spark phenoms we won't see coming and who can't be included in lists like these. But I'm still interested in talking about the expectations we have of rappers, especially now, in a year where it made perfect sense to us as editors to include Big K.R.I.T's Live From The Underground as both one of best and most disappointing albums of 2012's first half. It was good, but maybe not as good as I thought it would be, but not in the ways I thought. If that makes any sense to you then I think you'll like this list.
Let's start with a few things that didn't happen; the albums that were on the last year's list that haven't dropped yet.
Group G: This summer ain't finna, say “Next summer, I'm finna”
Jay Electronica, Act II: Patents of Nobility (The Turn): Why can't we have nice things? Last year I told you that this was the album you could put all of your faith into and now I don't know what to believe. Since then, Jay has leaked the track listing on Twitter and not much else. This is about as optimistic as I'll get with this list: I think this album will drop in 2013.
XV, The Kid With The Green Backpack: We really want this to be good. We have XV reasons why we think this will be good.
Asher Roth, Is This Too Orange?: I guess it was too orange, because Roth changed the name of the album (props to Frank Ocean).
50 Cent, Street King Immortal: [editors note: Can we get an intern to care about 50 Cents music? It'd be a real time saver. Thanks.]
Group F: Don't get your hopes up
Dr. Dre, Detox: Scratch that, this is the most optimstic thing I'll say: I think Detox will drop this year! Nah, it probably won't. But we did learn from Schoolboy Q that “Detox is like a mix away,” so that's something, right?
Black Star: Yasiin Bey went on the record this year, saying, “Now it feels like the right time for Black Star to come back.” Now I'm a little excited for that.
Q-Tip, The Last Zulu: Tip always takes their time and G.O.O.D. doesn't rush stuff out–we've had to wait for both Big Sean and Pusha T.
Group E: Collaboration albums dropping from the sky
G.O.O.D. Music, Cruel Winter: Cruel Summer was a bit of disappointment, wasn't it? There's enough talent on their roster to make this a really good album, but who knows if we'll ever see it.
Cole & Kendrick Lamar: Kendrick said that they don't want a release date for this collab, telling the LA Leakers “We're goin' drop that out the sky though. I ain't gonna give no dates, no nothing. I'm just gonna let it fall.”
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=cx4sGE1U4Qk
Group D: Trained professionals at work, rest assured
Joe Budden, No Love Lost: Best three-word album title by a veteran rapper since Life is Good?
Action Bronson, Saab Stories: I know Bronson isn't a veteren, but they feel like one with their flow and reliability. I'm expecting to learn at least five new recipes on this album.
The Roots, & Then You Shoot Your Cousin: A. SURE. THING.
Deltron 3030, Deltron Event II: (see above.) Though maybe this one won't get dropped, you know how it is with collab albums.
AZ, Do or Die 2: The last AZ album. I expect to be saddened.
Jean Grae, Cake or Death: If Jean Grae ever died she'd return like the Phoenix–if Kitty Pryde were on this list I could make another X-Men reference (not sure if their she's got an album in the works, but that'd be dope).
[side-note: if Jay-z does a thing or if Kanye does a thing or if Eminem drops an album, those albums will be good. also, if Drake does a thing that should be good, but if they do the Aaliyah thing maybe that won't be so good. Weezy, too. moving on…]
DOOM and Madlib, New Madvillian Album, Freddie Gibbs and Madlib, Cocaine Pinanta: Gibbs and DOOM have a bunch of projects in the works (will we ever get to see that DOOM and Ghostface album?), but these Madlib collabs are actually happening. Expect big things from Gibbs and DOOM.
Group C: Expect the Unexpected
Lil B: Protect the BasedGod from your high expectations, they will surprise you.
Mr Muthafuckin' eXquire: The Man in the High Castle had some older stuff, but the Power and Passion EP showed where eXquire is going. It's got the line “Shout out my nigga God/ They a real ass nigga” which is my bar of the year. Their ear for beats bodes well for their major label debut.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEizosP6PJU
Logic: I've missed out on Logic. I watched one of their videos so I would have something to say here. They seem really marketable and they shouted out Mac Miller. They should do well. (Leave a comment on where I should start with their work).
Greedhead, Lakutis, 3 seashells/ Le1f album/ Big Baby Ghandi album: Das Racist broke up, but there's a ton of stuff coming from the Greedhead label next year.
Gilbere Forte, Pray: It's the soundtrack to a short film and the only real comparison you could give for that is My Dark Beautiful Twisted Fantasy. That is a good comparison.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm8E4jKbpek
Gunplay, Medellín: Even after “Cartoon and Cereal” and “Bible on the Dash” people are still sleeping on Gunplay. I don't expect them to do that next year.
Lupe Fiasco, Food and Liquor 2: The Great American Rap Album Pt. 2: Food and Liquor 2: The Great… Part 1 was better than Lasers but I'm still not sure what this album will look like. I'm interested into how the fallout of “Bitch Bad”/Boycott Spin will effect their music–can we have conscious-Lupe and Enemy of the State-Lupe at the same time? Can we get The Cool 2 or Enemy of the State 2 instead?
Tyler, The Creator, Wolf: As with Goblin, news about this album has been kept under wraps. (All the production was done in-house so nothing is gonna leak). Does it have to be better than Goblin?
Group B: Show and Prove
Kid Cudi, Indicud: After WZRD and Man on the Moon II, we still haven't had a great Cudi releases since A Kid Named Cudi. Indicud looks promising.
Pusha T, My Name is My Name: Pusha T is a veteran who has spent the last year rapping their head off like they have something to prove. They were the MVP of Cruel Summer and I can't wait for this one.
Cole, Born Sinner: The goal is pretty simple for Cole: make a better album than Sideline Story. Cole has the skills to make a classic, so I guess we'll see.
Childish Gambino: Gambino and Ludwig are back in the studio. Royalty was a step in the right direction, balancing their insular rhymes through collaborating with other rappers. Maybe the downside of that is Danny Brown, Ab-Soul, and Nipsey Hustle are tough acts to follow. But “Shoulda Known” is hands down one of their best tracks and their verse on the B.E.T Cypher showcased their humor without the hashtags.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=DyX4I-8lbSc
A$AP Rocky, Long.Live.A$AP: This is the “too big to fail” record of the year. Though it might be the most anticipated record of 2013, I don't think Rocky has much to lose here. They don't have the lyricist pressure that Cole or K.R.I.T. had, they just has to make good songs and pick great beats–something he's done before.
Big Sean, Hall of Fame: Ohgawd… BOI.
Azealia Banks, Broke With Expensive Tastes: Kanye called them the future of the music, so, you know, should be pretty easy to live up to that.
Group A: If this isn't great, we're all fucked
Angel Haze: Only question marks are the beats/what a radio single from Haze will sound like. Otherwise, this should be pretty unfuckwidable.
Schoolboy Q: Habits and Contradictions was great and their best friend putting out a classic will push them to do even better. (Here's a good place to note that I haven't heard anything about Ab-Soul's follow up to the super-slept-on Control System, or else he'd be up here too).
Future, Future Hendrix: YOU LEAVE ME NO CHOICE, TALKING TONY MONTANA.
Earl Sweatshirt, Doris: Exhibit A!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCbWLSZrZfw
[side-note: before we get to end, I'm gonna say that I don't think Trinidad James will drop an album next year, just using Rocky and Banks as examples of major labels moving slowly these days. he'd be in Group C. so would Joey Bada$$, but I haven't heard anything about their album either. also, you could probably do a whole list of independent releases. also, Michael Bivens from New Edition needs to drop an album.]
Danny Brown, ODB: XXX had the range of two albums and they did so many features this year that they didn't need to drop a mixtape. Will ODB be really good? Shimmy shimmy, CHECK!
Why take one rusty tool when you can take two? When I found that axe in the crate of rusty tools at the cruft swap, I took something else – a Coes wrench. These wrenches are extremely common. They were produced in various forms from the mid-19th century to the mid-20th. In the early 20th century, the factory was producing 3600 of them per day.
For around fifty years, this was what you would buy if you were looking for an adjustable wrench, but today they are almost forgotten. One recent reference I found was that it is one of the weapons available in Team Fortress 2.
First, Some History
The ancestry of this wrench can be traced back to English coach wrenches which existed in the 18th century. At this time, standard sizes of nuts and bolts did not exist, so a set of fixed size wrenches would have been useless. The simplest examples had a movable jaw set with a wedge. But in some, the shank of the wrench would be threaded, and the handle would turn, acting as the nut to move the jaw back and forth1. These had the disadvantage that they could not be adjusted with one hand, and could also be loosened accidentally while pulling on them, which would have been a very frustrating experience.
In other examples, the handle was fixed and the jaw included its own nut. The first US patent for a wrench of this type was 7254X, issued in 1832 to Henry King. Subsequent patents for improvements include 9030X issued in 1835 to Solyman Merrick of Springfield, MA. All of these wrenches still shared the disadvantage that they could not be adjusted with one hand.
The Coes family lived in a village called New Worcester, which was later to become a part of Worcester itself. They were farmers of Scottish origin. Loring Coes was born in 1812 and apprenticed as a carpenter before joining Kimball & Fuller, a manufacturer of woolen mill equipment. Aury was born in 1817, and went on to work at the same firm. In 1836, they bought out the company together and continued under the name L. & A. G. Coes. But in 1839 a fire in their building burned down their shop, and they were forced to take jobs as patternmakers at a foundry in Springfield, MA. As makers of wooden machinery parts they were skilled carpenters, and making wooden patterns for castings was a natural transition. They worked next door to the shop making the Merrick wrenches and this seems to have inspired them to improve on the design 2.
They filed the first patent for their wrench in 1841, distinguishing it from previous designs because it could be adjusted with one hand without changing one's grip. The first Coes Wrench patent, 2054, issued in 1841, achieved this by mounting the jaw on a smooth shank and providing a separate screw turned by a knob adjacent to the handle. In the patent drawing below, they show their wrench next to the Merrick wrench to illustrate the difference in design:
By 1843, they were back in Worcester, producing these wrenches. Numerous patents hint at how they increased production from a few dozen wrenches per day in the 1860s to thousands per day in the 20th century. Three show different designs for dies to form the shank of the wrench. Another depicts a machine for producing a screw blank complete with knurled knob, ready to be threaded. Others still deal with the development of tooling to form the piece comprising the head and the shank of the wrench. The coolest patent I saw was 804706, granted to Loring in 1905, when they were 93. It shows a carousel-like contraption that allows for “continuous milling” of many wrench heads at once:
Finally, numerous patents tell the story of how the handle design progressed from the original patent to the most modern version. The chief difficulty seems to have been to seat the handle securely enough that the force of the lower jaw wouldn't crush it or force it off the shank. There were two solutions to this: one, was to use a set of ferrules, like in patent 87547. The other was to thread the shank and use a locking nut to keep the handle on from the inside, e.g. patent 122108. The wooden handle was fragile, and would not stand up to hammering on the wrench handle to loosen a stuck nut. It was later replaced with a steel frame and wooden inserts – this was called the “knife handle wrench” and is the type of handle that my wrench has. There were several patents for this but the first was 229673. The Coes company later released a steel handled wrench that did not have any wood at all.
A brochure published sometime after Loring's death shows three varieties of wrench, the steel handle, the knife handle, and a “hammer handle” that is shaped like the steel handle but has wood inserts. The brochure describes the components of each wrench in detail and talks about load tests and a 16-step inspection process. In 1895, the 6” knife handle wrench cost 50 cents (around $14.30 in today's currency) 3.
The Coes Brothers also purchased a firm that manufactured blades for machinery, and built a separate factory for their production. Although the wooden handled wrench is called the “knife handle wrench,” they did not manufacture handheld knives – their knife factory only produced knives for machinery. A few patents deal with this also, one showing how to make a rolling mill to forge-weld a steel cutting edge onto an iron knife blade.
The brothers split up their operation in 1869, with Loring taking over the knife business and Aury building wrenches at a third factory site. It seems that Loring could not leave well enough alone because they built a new wrench factory and for a time, both of them were turning out “authentic” Coes wrenches, each one putting out advertisements claiming to be the true Coes. Aury met an untimely death in a carriage accident in 1875, at which point their sons took over. The two firms were recombined to form Coes Wrench Co. in 1888. Loring took sole ownership and renamed the company to Loring Coes & Co. Inc in 1902. The back-and-forth name changes and transfers of control make me wonder what Christmas dinners were like at the Coes household.
The two factories were located on opposite ends of Coes Pond. The wrench part of the business was located on Coes Sq. at the lower end of the pond, while the knife part of the business was located at the higher end, between Coes Pond and Coes Reservoir. A map from 1896 makes this distinction, but by 1911 both sites are labelled “Coes Wrench Co.”
Here are some maps of Coes pond through the years (Sources 18704, 18865, 18966, 19227):
While the Coes brothers moved back to Worcester, the wrench industry in Springfield continued, for example patent 23751 issued to A.D. Briggs in 1859 for also attempting to make an improvement on the Merrick wrench that could be adjusted with one hand. The Bemis & Call company in Springfield produced many types of wrenches including the Briggs wrench, pipe wrenches that functioned on the same principles, and combination pipe and machine wrenches.
Meanwhile, Loring died in 1906, working till the very end. Without its captain, the company stagnated. The development of standardized fasteners, standard wrenches and sockets, and the Crescent adjustable wrench (company founded in 1907) all contributed to the decline of the Coes brand. In their famous transatlantic flight across the Atlantic in 1927, Charles Lindbergh brought with them only a Crescent wrench and pliers for tools8. In 1928, Bemis & Call acquired the Coes Wrench line. Coes wrenches stamped “Springfield” were made after 1928 by Bemis & Call. My wrench is one of these.
In 1939, Bemis & Call was acquired by Billings & Spencer of Hartford, CT but for a time continued to make wrenches at the same location. Eventually their production was moved to Hartford, and the last Coes steel handle wrench appeared in a Billings & Spencer catalog in 1962, more than 120 years after the first Coes wrench was made. This was also the year that Billings & Spencer was acquired by Crescent Niagara, makers of the Crescent wrench 9.
Back in Worcester, the Coes knife business continued until 1991, when it closed due to the failure of a bank that had given them a loan. The knife factory stood abandoned for some time before being demolished.
The Factory Sites Today
I drove to upstate NY this summer and thought I'd swing by the original location of Bemis & Call (where my wrench was made) and the original Coes locations. The Bemis & Call factory site was easy to locate on a 1920 map of Springfield10.
The buildings are still there, occupied by various tenants. The website for the building refers to it as “The Monkey Wrench Building.”
The Coes factory sites have been completely cleared. A project document I found online says that the remains of the Coes Knife factory were demolished in 2005 to make way for the park at that location11.
The Coes Wrench factory site likewise has no obvious remains, except for a few pilings in the water.
Back To The Wrench
My first step with the wrench that I had was to de-rust it just like the axe. I went to the additional step of polishing it with a Dremel to give it a bit more shine. It really looks nice with that wooden handle.
I also took a few glamor shots on our welding table and on a Bridgeport knob:
My neighbor at Artisans Asylum, Scott Janousek, has been doing some 3D scanning projects lately using their NextEngine 3D scanner, and they were kind enough to 3D scan my wrench. This produced the following result, which was quite rough:
I used SpaceClaim to create a 3D model of the wrench based on the scan – what's called “reverse engineering.” First, I placed planes based on some selected mesh triangles to define the more angular features. For the handle and the lower jaw, I traced the cross-sections of these parts with curves, and lofted between them. I created this 3D model of the wrench (click to zoom and rotate):
Here it is as a STEP file.
This is the first time I've reverse engineered a design using a 3D scan. The 3D scan definitely saved a lot of time in modeling the curves of the handle, though it probably isn't accurate to the millimeter.
The obvious last step was to 3D print a new Coes wrench using my model. I used the uPrint 3D printer that we have at Artisans Asylum. For $14.82 I had a working ¾-scale Coes wrench that bears a fairly strong resemblance to the original. I printed it in four parts, with the mating surfaces offset by 0.005”. It took a bit of sanding to get the jaw to slide smoothly and to get the screw to work.
Should you want to print this yourself, here are the STL files: 1 2 3 4.
Past weekend, we had the opportunity to visit the 1st practice of the Serbian National Team which was held in Pancevo, Serbia.
We were going with Rastko Jokic, young domestic QB from the GAT NS Dukes . Rastko was excited to get a chance to show what they can do, and show why they hold the 3rd place in the league when it comes to scoring, right behind imports Shane Wong ( Imperators Nis ) and one of the TDEU approved athetes - Lance Kriesien ( Vukovi Belgrade ). Rastko is one of the top prospects on their position for the National team.
First thing we noticed was that the practice was very well organized, surprisingly well. Coaching staff had their hands full, and although this was just the first practice, expectations are high. Head coach Sean Embree (Vukovi Belgrade) wants to storm through the B group of EU Championship and conquer it. Just like they did with the group C last year.
One of the coaches, and hosts of this practice - Bojan Milic (Panthers Pancevo), says: "This practice was the beginning of our quest to take over the B group. Also, coaches could see in what shape are our national team players from last year, as well as, scout couple new players. We're looking to refresh the team a bit, as we noticed couple guys who managed to grab our attention during the regular season. Of course, everyone already started giving their 100% to achieve the goal we have in front of us, where Serbia could get the opportunity to play against the best EU teams in A group.". Bojan also added that there will be one or two more practices before the camp takes place in early August.
Most of the national team players (15+) are coming from Vukovi Belgrade and Wild Boars Kragujevac , followed by GAT Dukes Novi Sad, and Pancevo Panthers.
Chicago Bears veteran long-snapper Patrick Mannelly has been voted the 2013 Ed Block Courage Award winner.
Mannelly will be presented with the award on April 8, at a luncheon held at Maryville Academy in Des Plaines.
The Ed Block Courage Award is given out annually to one player on all 32 NFL teams who best exemplifies a commitment to sportsmanship and courage and serves as an inspiration in the locker room. Teammates vote for the award. Ed Block Courage Award winners symbolize professionalism, great strength and dedication, and are considered role models in the community.
Past recipients of the Ed Block Courage Award include: Nick Roach (2012), Brian Urlacher (2011), Anthony Adams (2010), Israel Idonije (2009) and Charles Tillman (2008).
The Ed Block Courage Award Foundation promotes the prevention of child abuse by raising awareness and assisting agencies that provide for the care and treatment of abused children.
Mannelly holds the franchise record for seasons of service (16) and games played (245). They hold the honor of being the only player from the 1998 NFL draft (sixth round) that is still playing with the team that originally selected him. Mannelly has missed only 11 games in their career and has snapped the ball 2,282 times over the course of their illustrious career.
Mannelly, 38, is recovering from offseason hip surgery but is expected to be welcomed back to the Bears if they decide to play for a 17th season. The veteran long-snapper is scheduled to be an unrestricted free agent.
IT infrastructure security is now, more than ever, a critical concern for businesses. Cyber threats, from ransomware to DDoS attacks, have been regularly making headlines in the last few months. There is, without a doubt, a growing awareness of the sheer volume of these attacks. Certain types of threats are difficult to eradicate, which is incidentally why insurers consider cyberattacks to be a high-potential market. However, today, the issue of DDoS attacks is pretty well covered, as long as you choose a cloud provider that prioritises and invests in this issue. This is why OVH has decided to request a contribution from customers, via a €1 to €10 ex. VAT/month increase in the price of VPS, Public Cloud instances and dedicated servers (except Game). This increase will be visible on the OVH websites by the end of October and it will apply to new orders of dedicated servers and VPS. The same will be rolled out for Public Cloud at the start of December. Existing customers whose services are implicated in the price increase, will receive personal email notification of the revised pricing due to take effect on the 1st of December. If these customers have chosen a 3, 6, or 12 month subscription, the increase will impact their services on the next renewal date.
Author's comments and explanations:
Emulator used: BizHawk 1.11.4
Aims for fastest in-game time
Heavy luck manipulation
Heavy glitch abuse
Takes damage to save time
Uses SRAM and a code to unlock the hardest difficulty (Extreme, Normal Round)
Encode:
Encode with commentary:
Bloopers and miscellanea (recommended for viewing after watching the run):
Suggested screenshot: frame 144,561
To run a multidisc bundler for Integral, either create a custom .m3u playlist or use the following xml code (huge thanks to Spikestuff for this one):
<LoadAssets> <Asset FileName="[your file path goes here]\Metal Gear Solid - Integral (J) (Disc 1) [SLPM-86247].cue" /> <Asset FileName="[your file path goes here]\Metal Gear Solid - Integral (J) (Disc 2) [SLPM-86248].cue" /> </LoadAssets>
Intro
Metal Gear Solid: Integral is the 1999 rerelease of the seminal stealth classic Metal Gear Solid. It was originally released exclusively in Japan for the PlayStation, although a PC port was released internationally in 2000. Solid Snake, the master of infiltration and stealth, decides to sneak into Shadow Moses Island by walking through walls, blowing themselves up, deliberately getting rid of their own weaponry and falling down insane heights without taking damage, saving the day (but not the girl) in just over an hour. Solid Snake, the master of infiltration and stealth, decides to sneak into Shadow Moses Island by walking through walls, blowing themselves up, deliberately getting rid of their own weaponry and falling down insane heights without taking damage, saving the day (but not the girl) in just over an hour. I've been wanting to make this run for years. For one reason or another, PSXjin had serious trouble running the Integral version of Metal Gear Solid, even with the proper Japanese BIOS, so while my initial plan had been to immediately start working on my any% improvement after finishing VR Missions in late 2013, I instead had to wait until July of 2015, when BizHawk officially gained PlayStation support. Once that happened, I had the totally-not-crazy idea to work on both any% and all-bosses simultaneously, and of course stream the whole thing live since that process had worked out quite well with my VR Missions project. Unfortunately, BizHawk's PSX core had to undergo another serious overhaul later that year, forcing me to start all over in January of 2016, but thankfully this came with the benefit of finding several new time saves. I've been wanting to make this run for years. For one reason or another, PSXjin had serious trouble running the Integral version of Metal Gear Solid, even with the proper Japanese BIOS, so while my initial plan had been to immediately start working on my any% improvement after finishing VR Missions in late 2013, I instead had to wait until July of 2015, when BizHawk officially gained PlayStation support. Once that happened, I had the totally-not-crazy idea to work on both any% and all-bosses simultaneously, and of course stream the whole thing live since that process had worked out quite well with my VR Missions project. Unfortunately, BizHawk's PSX core had to undergo another serious overhaul later that year, forcing me to start all over in January of 2016, but thankfully this came with the benefit of finding several new time saves. I initially had also wanted to release both runs at the same time, but recent real-life issues prevented this from happening. Rest assured that the all-bosses run is being worked on as we speak and should be submitted soon. I initially had also wanted to release both runs at the same time, but recent real-life issues prevented this from happening. Rest assured that the all-bosses run is being worked on as we speak and should be submitted soon.
Version Differences
The most immediately obvious change to Integral is that the game uses English voice acting and Japanese subtitles despite being a Japan-only release. As a result, a few minor Easter eggs (such as Psycho Mantis referencing you playing the Japanese-only Policenauts and Tokimeki Memorial, as well as a hidden message from Hideo Kojima if you have data from Policenauts and Snatcher), are not in this version since dialog for those was not recorded in English. Aside from the above, there are a number of changes and additions to the game between the original and Integral. A huge amount of extra content was added, including the actual difficulty modes from the PAL and NTSC versions (and a brand new Very Easy difficulty), support for the PocketStation, new hidden codec frequencies, a first-person mode, a new assault rifle for Snake, new alternate costumes for Meryl and Gray Fox, and an "Alternate Round" with new guard layouts for the various difficulty levels (which I plan to TAS at some point in the future). It also included a third disc of 300 VR Missions, which would later be released separately in North America and Europe. I already did a TAS of those. Aside from the above, there are a number of changes and additions to the game between the original and Integral. A huge amount of extra content was added, including the actual difficulty modes from the PAL and NTSC versions (and a brand new Very Easy difficulty), support for the PocketStation, new hidden codec frequencies, a first-person mode, a new assault rifle for Snake, new alternate costumes for Meryl and Gray Fox, and an "Alternate Round" with new guard layouts for the various difficulty levels (which I plan to TAS at some point in the future). It also included a third disc of 300 VR Missions, which would later be released separately in North America and Europe. I already did a TAS of those. However, the most important speedrunning change is the ability to skip Liquid's monologue after the fight against Metal Gear REX (though part of that is cancelled out by longer credits) as well as better Dual Analog controls that allow for much more precise movement. However, the most important speedrunning change is the ability to skip Liquid's monologue after the fight against Metal Gear REX (though part of that is cancelled out by longer credits) as well as better Dual Analog controls that allow for much more precise movement.
About the Run
This category acquires the BIGBOSS rank (Extreme difficulty, 4 or fewer alerts, < 25 kills, 0 or 1 rations, under 3 hours) and uses a variety of large-skip glitches to skip a significant amount of Disc 1. Rather than drop a novel in the submission text, I have included a detailed level-by-level breakdown in the movie's subtitle comments. That being said, in addition to the many small optimizations, the most important improvements are as follows: Use of analog controls, allowing for much more precise movement
Better resource management
Better menuing by, when faster, unequipping for two frames before selecting a new weapon or item, resulting in less time spent scrolling through menus
Taking an additional alert at the Helipad rather than waiting for the spotlight, which leaves me with 4 alerts, which is still enough for the BIGBOSS rank.
A new setup for the Weapons Glitch that allows me to keep moving almost the entire time
Blowing up the crane at the start of Disc 2, which adds two kills (since I can't afford the alert) but saves a significant amount of time since I don't need to wait for it to move
Being able to skip Liquid Snake's endgame monologue (exclusive to Integral)
Different setup for the stunlock during the final boss Rather than drop a novel in the submission text, I have included a detailed level-by-level breakdown in the movie's subtitle comments. That being said, in addition to the many small optimizations, the most important improvements are as follows:
Known Improvements
After the run was completed, magnum66 found a new route to pick up the Nikita missile in the Hanger B2 Armoury (where I reacquired the sniper rifle) rather than the Nuke Building B1 Offices, saving about 4 seconds.
The catwalk filled with camera guns leading up to Metal Gear REX (when backtracking north to south) is a logistical nightmare for lag management. When I was finishing my all-bosses TAS, I found an optimal path for managing lag that didn't require having to dodge out of the way of (most of) the cameras. This would only save less than a second.
Special Thanks
I could not have made this run without the incredible effort of zeromus, adelikat and everyone at Team BizHawk who worked on the PSX core. You guys did an incredible job. More special thanks to everyone in the Metal Gear Solid Runners discord, my viewers on my Twitch channel, and everyone at TASvideos. : Judging. Fog : Judging. : Great run! I enjoyed watching this from beginning to end, and the commentary really helped to explain what was going on. Accepting as an improvement to the current non-Integral publication! Fog : Great run! I enjoyed watching this from beginning to end, and the commentary really helped to explain what was going on. Accepting as an improvement to the current non-Integral publication! Oh, and...uh, Go Raptors! Oh, and...uh, Go Raptors! : Yop. feos : Yop.
NOTE: While the difference in input file length between this TAS and my 2013 publication is 2:49.99, the actual gameplay improvement is significantly larger. Due to differences between the PSXjin and PSX-BizHawk cores, loading times are closer to the console (i.e. longer) on BizHawk. This affects the timing on everything from loading screens between rooms, to how long cutscenes load, to how long it takes to call someone via CODEC. If this run had had loading times comparable to the previous run, it would have been under an hour.
Kellyanne Conway on Monday lashes out at Roy Moore's opponent, Democrat Doug Jones, as a “doctrinaire liberal." | Brendan Smialowski/AFP/Getty Images Conway: No plans for Trump to campaign for Moore
Counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway said Monday that President Donald Trump has no plans to campaign for Roy Moore, the Republican candidate for Senate in Alabama who has been accused of sexually assaulting young girls.
But Conway nonetheless said the White House wants “the votes in the Senate” to pass the president's promised tax cuts and reforms, lashing out at Moore's opponent, Democrat Doug Jones, as a “doctrinaire liberal” who will vote against Trump's policies.
Story Continued Below
“Doug Jones in Alabama, folks, don't be fooled. They will be a vote against tax cuts.  They are weak on crime. Weak on borders.  They are strong on raising your taxes.  They are terrible for property owners,” Conway told Fox News's “Fox & Friends.” “Doug Jones is a doctrinaire liberal, which is why they are not saying anything and why the media are trying to boost him.”
Accusations against Moore surfaced earlier this month when The Washington Post published the account of a woman who said the Senate candidate had initiated a sexual encounter with them when they were 14 and they were in their 30s. Other women were included in the same Post story accusing Moore of dating them when they were high school-aged.
The Post report was followed days later by a news conference held by another woman who claimed Moore had groped them and attempted to force their head toward their genitals when they were 16 years old.
Moore has denied all allegations of wrongdoing — although they conceded in an interview that it is possible they have dated teenage girls — and has suggested that the accusations against them are politically motivated. They have strenuously resisted calls from Washington Republicans to end their Senate candidacy.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The controversy surrounding Moore has dragged down the GOP candidate's poll numbers while Jones' have spiked, putting the Democrat ahead by two-tenths of a percentage point, according to the Real Clear Politics polling average. The two most recent polls included in that average, conducted by Fox News and Gravis Marketing, put Jones ahead by 8 points and 5 points, respectively, in deep-red Alabama.
Fox News host Brian Kilmeade followed up with Conway on their criticism of Jones, asking the White House adviser if they were suggesting Alabamans vote for Moore. Conway replied that “we want the votes in the senate to get this tax bill through.”
They also accused the media and Democrats of hypocrisy, suggesting that both had been more forgiving of Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), who last week was accused of pressuring broadcaster Leeann Tweeden into kissing them and groping them while they slept during a 2006 USO tour.
“If the media were really concerned about all of these allegations and if that's what this is truly about, and the Democrats, Al Franken would be on the ash heap of bygone half-funny comedians. They wouldn't be here on Capitol Hill. They still have their job.”
“You know what? I just want everybody to know Doug Jones, nobody ever says their name and pretends they are some kind of conservative Democrat in Alabama,” Conway continued. “And he's not.”
Yamaha
YAS-23 Alto
007
This is a picture of a typical YAS-23, which we consider to be the best student alto on the market. Yamaha's 23 altos sell so regularly that it would be a little too time consuming to put up every one that comes through. The horn pictured here happens to be in like new condition - meaning that it is virtually scratch and dent free with very little playing time on it. We offer used YAS-23's in a variety of cosmetic conditions. One fact remains true regardless of the aesthetics: all used YAS-23 altos are shipped in top playing condition with a case, mouthpiece and strap. It is a priority to us that students are not fighting their equipment. The range in prices is based soley on cosmetics. At the present time we have models, in a range of cosmetic conditions, priced from $500 to $800. A $500 alto will show some real signs of use (with some repaired dents, lacquer wear, etc.) and one priced at $800 is like new with only the most minor signs of use (a scratch or two). Shipping is $45 in the continental U.S.
:: Call 1-800-USA-HORN For Price ::
We all know that the meat industry kills billions of farmed animals each year, but did you know that it also kills millions of wild animals?
Yes, you read that right; the meat industry has millions of innocent wild animals killed each and every year.
According to the Whale and Dolphin Conservation , more than 300,000 whales, dolphins, and porpoises die every year as a result of being caught in fishing gear and nets. Countless non-target species of fish, turtles, and other marine life get entangled in fishing gear and die as well.
Unfortunately, millions of wild land animals are also killed each year. You see, factory farms take up a lot of land. In fact, almost half of the land that makes up the lower 48 states is used by the animal agricultural industry. Wildlife is a big threat to the meat industry, so the U.S. government has an entire department dedicated to killing wildlife.
A division of the USDA, Wildlife Services is responsible for killing any animal that famers deem a threat to their livestock. In 2013, Wildlife Services killed more than 2 million animals , including bears, coyotes, wolves, foxes, and prairie dogs.
As if this weren't terrible enough, Wildlife Services uses cruel methods such as leg traps, snares, and poison to trap and kill wildlife. There have even been cases where the agency has trapped and poisoned companion animals.
Below is the number of animals killed as bycatch by the commercial fishing industry, wild horses and burros caught and removed by the Bureau of Land Management , and land animals killed by Wildlife Services in 2015:
1. More than 300,000 whales, dolphins, and porpoises
2. 385 gray wolves
3. 480 black bears
4. 3,437 foxes
5. 68,905 coyotes
6. 20,777 prairie dogs
7. 284 mountain lions
8. 731 bobcats
9. Two bald eagles
10. 3,819 wild horses and burros
It should come as no surprise that wildlife populations have been steadily declining. A report by the World Wildlife Fund found that animal populations declined by 58 percent between 1970 and 2012, with losses expected to reach 67 percent by 2020.
Thankfully, it's not too late to take action. We can all remove our support from the cruel factory farming industry by ditching meat in favor of healthy, humane alternatives
There was no excuse for CBS virtually blacking out Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannGillibrand becomes the latest candidate scrutinized for how they eat on campaign trail Trump will give State of Union to sea of opponents Yes, condemn Roseanne, but ignoring others is true hypocrisy MORE and Ron Paul from the Saturday evening debate. The inadvertently released email from CBS's John Dickerson essentially suggesting Bachmann disappear from the debate was appalling. The mere seconds given to Ron Paul, who has important positions on foreign affairs that deserve a hearing, and who served in the military and deserved better, was equally appalling.
I believe Scott Pelley, the new CBS evening news anchor, is trying — to their credit — to make the broadcast more serious. And I believe Major Garrett of National Journal is an excellent reporter. But what happened in the debate Saturday evening was flat-out inexcusable.
It is not the place of those who cover presidential candidates as journalists to censor those candidates they do not respect or like. It is their job to present voters and viewers with a full choice and diversity of opinion rather than tell viewers whom they are allowed to watch, and whom they are allowed to vote for.
On this one CBS news was wrong. Michele Bachmann and Ron Paul are right. Every viewer and every voter deserved better.
The Rock Place
When you're planning to use rocks for landscaping or functional purposes, come to The Rock Place. Our Nashville rock yard will provide the rocks and stones you need for any project, whether you plan to create a rock garden or a stone structure. We carry a wide array of choices, plus we can order anything you don't see in our selection. You have the option to order just enough for a small home project or large quantities for your landscaping or construction business.
Are you ready to start working with natural stone in Nashville? We have the type of natural stone you need, along with project ideas and assistance from our top-notch customer service team. To get started as soon as you're ready, contact us through our website, give us a call at (615) 459-9200 or simply stop by our Nashville stone yard. We'll be happy to see you and provide any type of assistance you need.
Why Choose The Rock Place?
You're probably wondering why you should pick The Rock Place as your Nashville rock yard of choice. We have three answers to help make up your mind. Our locally owned company offers the best selection of natural stone in Nashville provided along with excellent customer service, all at the lowest prices around. You can't beat this trifecta! Keep reading to learn a little more about each one.
A Wide Range of Nashville Natural Stone: You'll be able to find any kind of stone you need at The Rock Place. Our Nashville stone yard has been providing stone to locals in the Middle Tennessee area since 2008, so we know what we're doing when it comes to this natural material. Come to us for any type, whether it's lava rock to decorate your garden or stack stone for building a retaining wall. Just let us know what you need, or ask us about the best type of rock to fit the project you plan to work on. We have the largest selection you could imagine right in our Nashville rock yard, plus we can order anything we don't have in stock.
A Top-Notch Service Team: Anything you need, just talk with our amazing service team. Not only are they friendly and helpful, but they're also extremely knowledgeable in the business. Each of our associates will have the answers you need and the ability to assist you, whether you're trying to find a certain type of rock, you need some recommendations for your project or you're trying to figure out how much stone you'll need for your purposes. Depending on your preferences, we can give you as much freedom or as much guidance as you need. We strive to make the stone buying experience as seamless as possible, so don't hesitate to ask for our help!
The Lowest Prices Around: We pride ourselves on offering the best prices of any stone yard in Nashville. You'll get a great value for your money with high-quality stone at an affordable price — a combination that can't be beat! We understand that you need to complete your projects within your personal or professional budget, so we keep our prices competitive to help you do just that.
Feel free to contact us or stop by in person to experience what it's like to work with us. We're confident that you'll soon feel the same way as our thousands of customers who've been highly satisfied with their experience at The Rock Place.
What Type of Stone Do You Need?
We're called The Rock Place because we're all about rocks! That's our specialty. So we offer all sorts of different rocks and stones for a range of projects and purposes. Come to us for bulk gravel, building stone such as fieldstone or quarry stack stone, river rock, flagstone, slabs and even boulders. Beyond stones, we also carry mulch and soil so all of your landscaping needs are covered.
If you see a stone landscaping idea in a book or on a website that you want to recreate, you can turn that idea into reality with one visit to our rock yard. We have the decorative gravel you want to surround your flowers, flat stones for your backyard pathway or stone patio, and boulders to add depth and interest to your landscaping or to designate certain areas.
Or maybe you need functional gravel for a driveway or for draining water. Maybe you want manufactured stone for a wall or fireplace, or limestone to make a road or a structure. Come to us for your functional stone needs as well as the projects that are for beautifying your indoor or outdoor areas.
Whether you require stone for your home or your business, we cater to both needs. We have functional and decorative rocks, and you can order in any quantity you require for your projects. Need some ideas of what you could accomplish with various types of natural stone in Nashville? Feel free to peruse our project gallery to see the amazing ways you can use stone. And check our full product list for an idea of the many types of stone we carry. Once you choose a type of rock and how much you need, we can even deliver it right to your location, whether it's your home or a work site.
Ready to Start Your Project?
As long as you're looking for functional rock or landscaping stone in Nashville, The Rock Place is the right place for you! We're ready to assist you, whether you want to start with some ideas or get your questions answered, or you're all set and ready to order. No matter where you are in the process, you can get started by calling (615) 459-9200 or contacting us through our website. Or stop by our local stone yard on Wade Herrod Road in Smyrna to see our stock and talk to us in person!
Contact Us Today
Facebook, Google, Apple, and Microsoft have gotten too big for our own good, and have overstretched their boundaries on issues regarding privacy, and our personal data. Barely any of us read the fine print on facebook, and deleting your data is practically impossible once you've joined. People's lives are ruined because of this every day. If you believe that you have been under-represented, sign this petition to our government for them to acknowledge this issue and correct it NOW. We the people must demand our government represents us by mandating that ALL companies operating in this country, either allow their users to purge their privately collected data at any time, or that the companies that hold that information against their will be subject to criminal punishment and/or prosecution.
Skip to comments.
Senator Lindsey Graham Confirmed The Steele Dossier Was Used For 2016 FISA Warrant (trunc.)
The Conservative Treehouse ^ | Dec.30, 2017 | Sundance
Posted on by libstripper
Everyone suspected the sketchy Steele Dossier was what corrupt FBI and DOJ officials used to get the October 2016 FISA warrant against Trump. FBI and DOJ officials refuse to answer that question publicly.
Despite a hundred different ways congressional investigators have asked the question, and despite numerous on-camera questions to FBI and DOJ officials about the 2016 FISA process, no-one had definitively confirmed the Christopher Steele Russian Dossier was the underlying evidence for the 2016 FISA application to gain wiretaps and electronic surveillance upon presidential candidate Donald Trump. UNTIL NOW.
Senator Lindsey Graham just confirmed the sketchy Steele Dossier was used to get the wiretap and surveillance warrant from the FISA court. Brian Kilmead understood what they were hearing was serious, but didnt quite catch the specific gravity of it. Watch at 04:10:
(Excerpt) Read more at theconservativetreehouse.com ...
TOPICS:
Crime/Corruption
Government
News/Current Events
Politics/Elections
KEYWORDS:
dossier
fisa
fisatrumpdossier
graham
lindseygraham
steele
sundance
trump
trumpdossier
To: libstripper
by 21 posted onby Bobalu (12 diet Cokes and a fried chicken...)
To: precisionshootist
Ok fine but we already knew that. Now WHO IS GOING TO JAIL? Exactly my question. Drain the swamp. If there are no prison sentences handed down as a result of this repulsive tragedy then I will lose what little remaining faith I have in the justice system. (which honestly isn't much but)
by 22 posted onby ThunderSleeps (Doing my part to help make America great again!)
To: Logical me
Sessions....the worst AG in history as well as being a low life POS will send innocent people to prison before doing the right thing.
by 23 posted onby rrrod (just an old guy with a gun in their pocke)
To: libstripper
US Criminal Code: 18 USC Section 1038 (a) Criminal Violation.
(1)In general.Whoever engages in any conduct with intent to convey false or misleading information under circumstances where such information may reasonably be believed and where such information indicates that an activity has taken, is taking, or will take place that would constitute a violation of chapter 2, 10, 11B, 39, 40, 44, 111, or 113B of this title, section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), or section 46502, the second sentence of section 46504, section 46505(b)(3) or (c), section 46506 if homicide or attempted homicide is involved, or section 60123(b) of title 49, shall
(A) be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both;
(B) if serious bodily injury results, be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and
(C) if death results, be fined under this title or imprisoned for any number of years up to life, or both.
(2)Armed forces.Any person who makes a false statement, with intent to convey false or misleading information, about the death, injury, capture, or disappearance of a member of the Armed Forces of the United States during a war or armed conflict in which the United States is engaged
(A) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both;
(B) if serious bodily injury results, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; and
(C) if death results, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for any number of years or for life, or both.
(b)Civil Action.
To: libstripper
There were 238 replies to this nonsense on the earlier thread: http://freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/3618029/posts
by 25 posted onby jjotto ("Ya could look it up!")
To: libstripper
Well, Lindsay should know since their BFF Mccain was involved in the whole mess...guilty bunch of RINOS & Dems trying to get rid of a real American, Trump! I pray Hillary and Podesta are dragged into this whole scenario with the Russian Banks, with whom they were money laundering last few years (Panama Papers).... time for accountability for all involved including the Clinton Foundation antics/thefts!
by 26 posted onby Ambrosia ( Independent Voter- Southern as grits...Not politically correct! Facts first!)
To: SPRINK
OANN is the most conservative news on TV, it covers this far better than Fox.
by 27 posted onby Ambrosia ( Independent Voter- Southern as grits...Not politically correct! Facts first!)
To: libstripper
Well, which is it? Did Linda Graham "confirm" this information? Or did they "strong imply, but doesn't directly state it"? Did they say it or not?
To: libstripper
Wow, It is going to get interesting fast if just half this is true. A wall end of chain migration will split the Democratic party in to subgroups that will take years to come together. Then a real investigation into the Steele document will trace back to high level Obama official and White House staff and Hillary and their closest advisers. This will will take down McCain, and many many high level Democrats to say nothing of a few FISA judges who may be impeached. This could be Trump and Republicans fulfilling thei promise of draining the swamp.
by 29 posted onby Robert357 ( Dan Rather was discharged as "medically unfit" on May 11, 1954.)
To: Cats1
Learn something they gave a government speak answer plausible denial...it is clear to me what they were saying. ..look at special prosecutor. ...Mueller is not invovled..document's cannot be used this way etc
To: Cats1
Learn something they gave a government speak answer plausible denial...it is clear to me what they were saying. ..look at special prosecutor. ...Mueller is not invovled..document's cannot be used this way etc
To: dhs12345
Maybe it's time to clean out the FISA Court.
by 32 posted onby batterycommander (I learned my Artillery skills from the United States Marines. USNA 65)
To: bigbob
Very clever how Kilmeade set them up as one who has come to be supportive of Trumps policies. Linda Graham was clearly nervous, trying to talk about what they learned from their deeper dive into the dossier while not violating confidentiality. Flaws and all, Graham is still a patriot who sees the damage that has been done to our country, and as a lawyer, the illegality of these acts. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx loose lips sink ships. linda better watch what they say on TV or trump won't let them play golf in the same foresome again.
To: Cats1
Learn something. ..graham spoke in government they spoke in plausible denial..look at their words...this can't happen. ..need special prosecutor. .. i have been looking into this..he cannot reveal because of their senate oath. ..but they said the dossier was used by fisa.. believe it libs
To: umgud
In the 90s, HRC had a lot of FBI files on friends and foes. Id bet they still do. And everything gathered by NSA on any connections, comments etc ever made by anyone related or associated. Finally watched the film Edward Snowden , and surprised as it was more anti government than I thought it would be..... Also pointed out how the Govt agencies think they are above any law and able to do what they think is in their best interest , and use the info anytime they want to destroy someone.....
To: pasr
“he said the dossier was used by fisa.. believe it libs” I'm not a lib, and I didn't hear them state the dossier was used for a fisa. If you heard different please post a link. What I thought was newsworthy was when they said: “He's (Mueller's) not looking at the dossier, that's not part of their charter.” Can't imagine an investigation involving *millions* that doesn't even look at the dossier when it (as far as we've been led to believe) started the whole thing.
To: Logical me
Do you really think that by killing the current special
prosecutor investigation and instituting a new and honest
one thing will be better? Hell, we might as well dispense
with all investigations and proceed to the violent phase
of the coming civil war.
To: libstripper
“”He strongly implies, but doesn't directly state, that the Dossier was fraudulently used to obtain the October 2016 FISA warrant to surveil Trump Tower. “” No one cares that the actual report does not match the title?
To: Thank You Rush
Somedunce makes stuff up frequently and still gets posted in ‘News'. C'est la vie!
by 39 posted onby jjotto ("Ya could look it up!")
To: jjotto
Being a neewbe at Conservative Treehouse, can you elaborate as to what they have made up? Don't wanna spend much time there if that's the case.
by 40 posted onby VRWCarea51 (The Original 1998 Version)
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.
FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson
An appeals court has ruled that New York City's ban on large sodas and sugary drinks is unconstitutional.
In a unanimous opinion, the four-judge panel of the state Supreme Court Appellate Division said the city's Board of Health exceeded its legal authority and acted unconstitutionally when it tried to institute a size limit of sixteen ounces (479 ml) on sodas and sugary drinks sold at restaurants, movie theatres, sports venues and street carts.
The health board was acting too much like a legislature when it created the limit, the judges said.
While the board had the power to ban "inherently harmful" foodstuffs from being served to the public, sweetened beverages didn't fall into that category, the judges wrote. They also said the board appeared to have crafted much of the new rules based on political or economic considerations, rather than health concerns.
New York's law department promised a quick appeal.
"Today's decision is a temporary setback, and we plan to appeal this decision as we continue the fight against the obesity epidemic," Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a statement.
Decision backs lower court ruling
The ban had been struck down by a lower court in March, hours before it was to go into effect. The court ruled that the ban was unfair and too arbitrary because it would have applied to only some sugary beverages and some places that sell them.
The ban was to apply to bottled drinks as well as fountain sodas but not to diet sodas, fruit juices, dairy-based drinks, including lattes, or alcoholic beverages. It would have also excluded drinks sold in grocery or convenience stores, which aren't subject to municipal regulation. Food establishments that didn't downsize faced a $200 US fine.
The city appealed the Supreme Court ruling.
"This measure is part of the city's multi-pronged effort to combat the growing obesity epidemic, which takes the lives of more than 5,000 New Yorkers every year, and we believe the Board of Health has the legal authority — and responsibility — to tackle its leading causes," said the city's corporation counsel, Michael A. Cardozo, said at the time.
Ban part of broader health campaign
New York's effort to cap soda portions has drawn national attention, whether from diet companies lauding it as a groundbreaking step in America's war on extra weight or from late-night TV hosts ribbing Bloomberg as a nutrition nanny.
The drinks limit follows other Bloomberg efforts to nudge New Yorkers into better diets. Their administration has forced chain restaurants to post calorie counts on menus, barred artificial trans fats from restaurant fare and challenged food manufacturers to use less salt.
Bloomberg and city Health Commissioner Thomas Farley saw soft drinks as a sensible next front in a necessary fight: reining in an obesity rate that rose from 18 to 24 percent of adults in the city within a decade. Studies have tied heavy consumption of sugary drinks to weight gain, and the city had to start somewhere, the officials said.
"We have a responsibility, as human beings, to do something, to save each other. ... So while other people will wring their hands over the problem of sugary drinks, in New York City, we're doing something about it," Bloomberg said at a news conference after the measure was struck down in March.
Ban would have hurt business, critics say
Critics said the city went too far in imposing a serving size limit.
"For the first time, this agency is telling the public how much of a safe and lawful beverage it can drink," Richard Bress, a lawyer for the American Beverage Association and a coalition of other groups that challenged the regulation, told the appeals court at a hearing in June. "This is the government coercing lifestyle decisions."
Opponents also said the measure's limitations made it meaningless as a health tool but potentially devastating to businesses that would have to deny customers big sodas while neighbouring establishments could still supersize them.
The lower court judge, state Supreme Court Justice Milton Tingling, wrote in March that "the loopholes in this rule effectively defeat the stated purpose."
While the city appealed, Bloomberg has continued pushing the cause in other ways. In June, they and the mayors of 15 other cities urged congressional leaders to stop allowing food stamps to be used to buy soda and other sugary drinks, reviving an idea that had been broached for years.
The Move your Money campaign is encouraging consumers to take a stand against bank greed. We suggest some alternative homes for your cash if you decide to make a stand
At Barclays headquarters in the City, the bank on Friday revealed billions in profits and hundreds of millions in bonuses to be shared among an elite pool of traders and directors. But down at ground level – and a world away from the marble and glass of the executive suites – there was a very different picture, as more than 50 customers queued outside a nearby branch, ready to close their accounts and cut up their cards.
Campaigners are hoping this trickle of rejection will turn into a flood as the public vents its frustration against Britain's banks in the best way it can – by moving its money.
The Move Your Money campaign is a child of the Occupy Wall Street movement, which captured the imagination of the broader American public with a simple but compelling slogan: "Invest in Main Street, not Wall Street".
It claims to have led to more than 10 million people moving their money to local financial institutions, with a "Bank Transfer Day" in November seeing more than 40,000 people switch.
Move Your Money launches in the UK in March with the catchphrase "Bank on something better" in the belief we can all take concrete action to create a more stable and ethical banking system. "We're all angry about the cuts, about what's happening to schools and libraries and so on, given the wheelbarrows of cash that have supported the banks," says Ed Mayo, head of Co-ops UK.
"At an individual level, you can't do everything to put an unfair economy right – but you can do something. Move Your Money is the new Fairtrade. It is the campaign for our time."
The National Union of Students has joined, and is encouraging local student unions to junk accounts with the big five banks in favour of more ethical alternatives, such as the Co-op or Nationwide building society. It's an echo of the hugely successful 1980s boycott against Barclays and its operations in apartheid-era South Africa.
So far, just over 2,000 people have signed a pledge on moveyourmoney.org.uk, to "register your vote against business as usual", but organiser Louis Brooke says it's still early days, with the site open just four days.
In March, a series of events will try to keep the campaign in the public eye, including a nationwide petition. And it's not just crusty protesters threatening to move their overdrafts – the campaign says it's close to persuading even some Tory MPs to take the pledge.
If you want to join, what can you do? Here's Money's guide to where you can move your money the ethical way.
1. Ethical Banks
Why should I switch? Because you're appalled at bankers' bonuses, salaries and stock options. Because their trading and lending practices have left the western world's economy in ruins. Because you're fed up with your money financing arms dealers and dictators. Oh, and they also stung you for £25 last month when you went a few quid over your overdraft limit.
Barclays chief Bob Diamond. The bank gets an 'ethiscore' of just 0.5 out of 20.
Move Your Money says: "The banks failed badly, but despite receiving the biggest taxpayer-funded bailout in history, nothing much has changed. Banks continue to pour money into socially useless lending and risky speculation, leaving us exposed to more crises, commodity bubbles and instability."
It uses ratings compiled not by Moody's or Standard & Poor's, but Ethical Consumer magazine to rate the banks. Barclays earns an "ethiscore" of just 0.5 out of 20 (Standard & Poor's gives it A+). But it gives 13 out of 20 to Co-operative Bank, 15.5 to Triodos Bank and 16 out of 20 to Charity Bank. It also likes Unity Bank, a specialist in accounts for organisations, not individuals.
What do they offer? The only ethical bank offering a current account is Co-operative, although several building societies also have deals. Co-op's standard account offers the usual facilities at no fee if you stay in the black. Its ethical commitment is now 20 years old, covering human rights, the environment, international development and animal welfare.
Triodos Bank commits to lending your money only to businesses that make the world a better place – from wind farms to housing projects. It promises total transparency, allowing depositors to view where it has lent money.
Charity Bank finances social enterprises, charities and community organisations, and promises a "financial return and social impact".
Which one should I go for? Ethical Consumer says "none come close to the Co-operative" for "clarity and ambition" in ethical banking, and names it a best-buy for an ethical current account. Co-op scores highly on customer satisfaction. It came second to First Direct in the annual JD Power survey in 2011. It was also named the best current account provider 2011 by MoneySupermarket. But its cash Isa pays a lowly 0.5% interest, although it has a fixed-rate Isa paying 3% at affiliate Britannia. The good news is that Which? rates Charity Bank's ethical cash Isa, paying 2.5%, a best-buy, while Triodos pays 2% on its cash Isa. Top-rate Isas pay only 3%, so switching means savers lose little to salve their conscience.
2 Credit unions
Why should I switch? Credit unions are huge in countries such as Ireland, the US and Australia, but they have not taken off in a big way in the UK. However, in theory, they should tick all the boxes for a lot of people, in that they are not-for-profit financial co-operatives owned and controlled by their members with no outside shareholders. Any profits they make stay in the community and are used to develop the credit union and provide a return to savers.
Their progress has been hindered by restrictions that have limited take-up, but new rules introduced last month should allow them to provide a more effective alternative to banks on the one hand, and expensive payday lenders and loan sharks on the other. For the first time, credit unions will be able to pay people interest on their savings. And they will no longer have to prove that all the people able to join have something in common.
There are just over 400 credit unions in the UK. They are regulated by the Financial Services Authority and covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS), so the first £85,000 of a member's savings are completely safe. Some do go bust – about seven went under last year, and at least two have collapsed so far this year. They tended to be small players, and most people get their money back via the FSCS within seven days.
What do they offer? Core products are savings accounts and loans. However, around 25 (including Bristol Credit Union and London Community Credit Union, which serves the residents of London's Hackney and Tower Hamlets) offer current accounts, and a handful (including Glasgow Credit Union and Scotwest, which serves those living or working in the west of Scotland) offer mortgages. Quite a few offer insurance products, cash Isas and prepaid cards.
Credit unions pay a "dividend" rather than interest. However, being able to pay interest should give a huge boost to the movement.
On the loans front, they can sometimes offer best-buy rates for people looking to borrow smaller sums. Some credit union loans charge borrowers no more than 1% interest a month on the actual amount owing – an APR of 12.7%. By law, you can't be charged more than 2% a month on the reducing balance (an APR of 26.8%).
Which one should I go for? Unfortunately, the rule changes don't mean you are allowed to join any credit union you like. A credit union open to people living or working in one London borough, won't be able to open its doors to the whole of London. But the system will be much more flexible than it is now.
To see if there is one you can join, use this search facility. Input your home and work postcodes, the name of your employer, and whether you belong to any groups, such as a trade union. I had a go, and it suggested eight credit unions (I live in north-east London and work at the Guardian's offices in King's Cross). However, I was ineligible for six; that left Waltham Forest Community Credit Union or Haringey, Islington and City Credit Union.
3 Building societies
Why should I switch? All building societies are mutual, which means they are owned by their members. Many have a strong regional identity and are tied to their local communities. The sector is now dominated by one giant– Nationwide – which is bigger than the other 46 societies combined. Some regard Nationwide as little different to the other high street banks, and Ethical Consumer magazine criticises its "excessive directors' remuneration". But overall, its strong company ethos is rewarded with a score of 13, compared to Barclays' 0.5 score.
Nationwide gets an 'ethiscore' of 13 – compared to Barclays' 0.5.
What do they offer? Nationwide has the biggest range of products. However, Coventry, Cumberland, and Norwich & Peterborough (now merged with the Yorkshire) all operate current accounts with online, branch and postal services, and all score highly on the ethical scale. Most also promise a UK call centre. Crucially, they give free access to the Link ATM network.
Coventry's current account pays in-credit interest of 1.1%, as well as giving customers a £250 interest-free overdraft. N&P's deal includes free card usage abroad, together with a promise that if you switch and everything is not completed within 10 days, you will receive a cheque for £50. But the societies are best-known for mortgages and savings products and, as they don't need to pay shareholders, tend to offer the best rates. A check on Moneyfacts reveals building societies currently top the table for fixed rate and variable cash Isas.
4 Community initiatives
The Move Your Money UK campaign is keen to promote community development finance institutions (CDFIs), which many people won't have heard of. These are non-profit organisations that lend money to individuals, businesses, social enterprises and charities, who use the cash to help their local community in some way. Some CDFIs, such as Triodos Bank, are reasonably well-known, while others are small and local.
However, there are plenty of other options for those looking to support worthwhile community ventures, and in many cases you can earn a decent return, too. Up and down the country, local residents are setting up initiatives aimed, for example, at generating renewable energy or bringing vital amenities such as shops and pubs back to life. Often there is an opportunity for those sympathetic to the cause to invest in these schemes by buying shares.
The Butcher's Arms pub in Herne village, Kent, was saved by community investment.
Guardian Money has featured a number of these schemes in recent months, such as the Butchers Arms pub in Crosby Ravensworth, Cumbria, which reopened in August 2011 following a "save our local" campaign; Clevedon Community Bookshop, in the seaside town of Clevedon, North Somerset, which opened for business in December 2011; and The Drive housing co-operative in Walthamstow, north-east London, which Money featured in July 2011.
There are plenty of others, too. Those looking for a sustainable, environmentally friendly investment may want to consider buying shares in a community electricity generating scheme which hopes to pay out a 4% return. A group of villagers in Saddleworth, Greater Manchester, are looking to raise £120,000 through a share offer to allow them to build the UK's latest community hydro scheme. Water company United Utilities has given them permission to use Dove Stone Reservoir to generate green energy to power homes. The scheme will see a 51kW turbine installed on the north side of the reservoir. Once up and running, it aims to generate 170,000kWh of electricity each year – enough to power 45 homes and raise thousands of pounds for local projects.
The share offer will remain open until 16 April. Crucially for investors, the directors hope to offer a 4% return from year two.
Saddleworth Community Hydro has been set up to run the plant. The scheme is eligible for enterprise investment scheme (EIS) tax relief at 30%, provided individuals invest a minimum of £500 and keep the shares for at least three years. The minimum investment is £250, and the maximum, £20,000.
This is the latest in a line of such ventures set up in recent years. Water Power Enterprises (h2ope) – behind the UK's first community-owned hydro electric schemes – is also supporting the Saddleworth scheme. A prospectus can be downloaded at h2ope.co.uk.
Meanwhile, a new co-operative has been formed to help finance a multimillion-pound scheme to restore and regenerate one of Wakefield's iconic buildings, Unity Hall, and re-establish it as a major entertainment venue. Membership of the co-op starts from £200. The share issue runs until 18 May.
"A dividend of around 6% per annum is planned after three years of trading, and members will also be celebrated in a piece of public art within the building," says a Co-operative Group spokesperson. Visit unityhallwakefield.co.uk
5 Out of the mainstream
A number of charities, organisations and websites enable you to lend money to, or borrow from, other individuals.
Some are "peer-to-peer lending" sites, which cut out banks by putting people with money to lend in touch with those wanting to borrow. Others allow you to lend money to, or invest in, projects in the UK and overseas. Guardian Money has featured some of these in the past, such as lendwithcare.org, which allows people to lend small sums to entrepreneurs in the developing world.
Among those highlighted by Move Your Money UK are:
• Zopa The best-known UK peer-to-peer lending site says January 2012 was its biggest month ever, with its savers lending £8.2m.
"Lenders are enjoying a smart way of getting a return," it says. The average return on all money lent over the last 12 months was 6.2% (after fees but before bad debt). Meanwhile, it claims its loans are some of the cheapest in the country.
However, while Zopa appears to be doing well, one of its competitors, Quakle, collapsed at the end of last year. Bear in mind that peer-to-peer lending is not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
• Buzzbnk An online marketplace/ "crowdfunding" website launched in January 2011, and 63% owned by charities, it enables social entrepreneurs to raise funds and build a crowd of supporters. Based in London, to date it has helped individuals and organisations raise more than £240,000.
• Kiva This non-profit organisation, based in San Francisco, has "a mission to connect people through lending to alleviate poverty".
While at an event for Hennessey cognac this week, Vince Young made some very intriguing comments to Fox7 News regarding their future with the Riders.
“It's still up in the air. Coach Jones just told me, ‘Hey man go get healthy, take your time, don't try to rush back, but just know this opportunity is still here if you want to come back,'” Young says. “You never know what happens.”
“It's a long season, so the biggest thing is, first of all with hammy's you don't want to rush it. I got some really good guys out here that's getting me back where I need to be at, taking my time. It's all about rehab.”
Young tore their hamstring during training camp with Saskatchewan. That led to their release, though it's been reported that the Riders added them to the “retired” list and therefore still control their CFL rights.
In the clip, which runs just over two minutes, Young also addresses the Sports Illustrated article in which they slammed former coach Jeff Fisher and refers to themselves in the third person twice.
Belgium is supposed to specialize in Brussels sprouts, but last autumn a horticulturist there raised a 2,624.6-pound pumpkin, squashing the world record for the heaviest fruit. American growers were dismayed. Pumpkins, after all, are indigenous to the New World. The first European settlers were stunned by the Native Americans' ample squash crop, which they mistook for melon. Centuries later, pumpkins so impressed newly arrived Irish immigrants that they abandoned the turnips they'd carved into jack-o'-lanterns for All Hallows' Eve back home. And pumpkins became an American Halloween doorstep classic.
Yet for two out of the last three years, the world's largest pumpkins have sprung up in Europe. “They're doing very well, and I tip my hat to them,” says Ron Wallace, a country club manager in Greene, Rhode Island, who was paraded on the shoulders of jubilant pumpkin growers one glorious day in 2006 after their squash became the world's first to break 1,500 pounds. Today, pumpkin growers are gaining on 3,000 pounds, but the Belgians, Swiss and British are in the lead.
While other fruits and vegetables may flourish in warm climates, the record-setting pumpkins—a variety of Cucurbita maxima bred in Nova Scotia—actually prefer cooler weather. New England has long been considered an ideal environment for them. “We get warm but not too warm, cool but not too cool,” explains Matt DeBacco of Rocky Hill, Connecticut. Summer days are in the mid-80s, maximizing photosynthesis without desiccating the bloated fruit, and the semi-northerly locale means bonus sunlight hours throughout the growing season. By June the burgeoning giants are growing at an exponential rate, and by August, they're packing on one to two pounds per hour, while guzzling about 100 gallons of water every day.
In addition to gentle sunshine, the Northeast specializes in Yankee ingenuity. Nearly all the giant pumpkins in America are grown by amateur gardeners who toil in backyards after work, hardened by hailstorms and hungry woodchucks. “Some of these guys will try anything!” says Steve Reiners, a horticulture professor and commercial pumpkin specialist at Cornell University. They are almost fiendishly inventive—for instance, designing their own snowshoe-like footwear that won't crush the soil, or spiking the stingy local dirt with fertilizers and fungi to maximize a pumpkin's water and nutrient absorption.
Many growers keep online pumpkin diaries, so there is plenty of cross-pollination. Still, the hobby is full of closely gourded secrets. High-performance pumpkins like the Pleasure Dome and the Freak II have left lasting genetic legacies, and individual seeds of the sort you might ordinarily salt and crunch by the handful have sold at auction for as much as $1,781.
European giant pumpkin contests first took root around 2000, just about the time a prominent American giant pumpkin grower was assigned to a U.S. Army base in Germany. The arrival of their orange thumb, notes Jan Molter, treasurer of the European Giant Vegetable Growers Association, coincided with a burgeoning European interest in American-style Halloween. (Yes, the giant pumpkins, with their foot-thick walls, can be carved, ideally with a chain saw. They also make excellent boats.) The first German gourd-baking championship and pumpkin expo took place in 2001.
Europe's subsequent rise has been defined by the controversy over indoor growing. The Old World's big players cluster in Northern Europe, where the weather is often harsher than New England's. However, high-tech greenhouses with heating and air-conditioning, irrigation systems, automatic fertilization and other frills allow growers to mimic, and in the last few seasons, maybe even improve upon a New England-like climate. There are no ravenous white-tailed deer in greenhouses, and it can be a perfect June afternoon in Vermont every day of the year.
And because not just anybody can have an industrial greenhouse, it just so happens that several recent overseas champs have been professional plant scientists. The 24-year-old Belgian winner, Mathias Willemijns, is the lead technician at a large vegetable research center, for example, and has their own personal 130-foot polytunnel, in which they grew just four pumpkins, each of which, by harvest time, tipped the scales at more than 2,000 pounds.
This autumn, the news from New England is not reassuring. The patches suffered through a cloudy spring, and in peak season the giants were barely gaining 30 pounds a day, compared with their typical 50. There is some griping about the affordability of European hydroelectric greenhouse heat in Europe, but spirits remain high. DeBacco believes salvation lies in soil nutrient nanotechnology and genetic technologies. Wallace has faith in the providence of New England weather. In the meantime, he's encountered a keen new market for their signature giant pumpkin fertilizer, which is called Wallace Organic Wonder, or WOW. (“The cannabis growers have found me,” they say, “and they are very, very happy.”)
It's raining during a visit to a suburban Connecticut backyard giant pumpkin patch. Despite the drizzle, the sprinkler sways over the rambling pumpkin vines nearby: A hundred gallons is a whole lot of water. From under their dripping hat, Steve Maydan beams down at their pumpkin, which they are thinking of calling the Creamsicle. The whole community is rooting for him. They point out where three of their neighbors cut down trees at the same time—to allow their garden more sunlight, they suspect. They show how they slake the thirst of a second, remotely located pumpkin patch by snaking a very long green garden hose through the neighborhood sewers.
Barring a miracle, the Creamsicle will weigh in at a relatively dinky 1,000 pounds, just a statewide finisher at best. But Maydan is getting wilier every year. Their problem woodchuck has been vanquished at last, the powdery mildew hasn't destroyed them yet, and he's feeling...pumped.
A Brief History of Improbably Large Produce
In the madcap world of competitive horticulture, the pumpkin takes the prize, reaching the weight of a Ford Fiesta thanks to its sturdy shape, souped-up genes, bountiful sugars and nourishing root fungi. But in recent years even cabbage has been supersized. --Kyle Frischkorn
Release Date: October 29
Price: $585
Set to release right in middle of the fall and winter season, the adidas Yeezy 950 is a duck boot that keeps in line with the utilitarian theme of Yeezy Season 1 and 2. The upper uses ballistic mesh that's coupled with a suede eyestay, a rubber toebox and mudguard. The 950 has been revealed in a variety of colorways including Chocolate, Moon Rock, Peyote and Pirate Black.
Latest News:
Sky Falling Alert: The adidas Yeezy 950 Boots Are Selling Out Online
Here's The List Of Stores That Will Stock adidas Yeezy Season 1 Worldwide Tomorrow
Images:
adidas (10/28/2015):
Solebox (10/28/2015):
END (10/22/2015):
anrosa (10/22/2015):
Kicks On Fire Exclusive (10/11/2015):
us11hustla (10/11/2015):
@solenyc88 (9/26/2015):
News Archive:
Closer look at the adidas Yeezy 950 Boots in “Moon Rock” and “Chocolate” (10/22/2015)
Kanye Busts Out A Brand New Colorway Of The adidas Yeezy 950 (9/15/2015)
More adidas Yeezy 350 Boost Colorways & The adidas Yeezy 950 Boot Are Arriving This Fall (7/2/2015)
Other Yeezy Releases:
adidas Yeezy Boost 350 Moonrock
adidas Yeezy Boost 750 Black
Author's Takes:
Juan Martinez, Editor-In-Chief: I've lived in tropical weather across the world for about 99.9% of my life so I've never been compelled to wear duck boots of any kind. Having the Kanye West co-sign on these does nothing to pique my interest except for the fact that I know it exists because of Kanye. That counts for something, I guess…
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. () -- The number of across the country: 28 overdoses in a county in West Virginia in just one night; 12 overdoses in an Indiana community on Tuesday;
Officials believe many of these overdoses may be because the heroin was cut with an elephant tranquilizer.
That combination has made its way to Birmingham. The Jefferson County Coroner said the tranquilizer drug, called carfentanil, was detected in two recent overdose deaths here.
Dr. Mark Wilson with the Jefferson County Department of Health said, "if it's laced with this it could be a lethal dose."
"Heroin was bad enough then we had fentanyl which was even worse and now we have this new drug carfentanil," said Dr. Wilson.
They said carfentanil is being laced with heroin as drug dealers try to come up with something new. "It's very new to us and it's frankly very scary," said Wilson.
One of the scariest aspects is that naloxone, the drug that can reverse the effects of a heroin overdose, may not be enough if it's laced with carfentanil. "It's really scary when we think well that might not work," said Wilson.
"We are going to have a hard time keeping up with innovations in the illegal drug market," for that reason Dr. Wilson said the best way to combat this problem is by preventing drug addiction and creating better access to treatment. Sandor Cheka with the Addiction Prevention Coalition agrees. They said, "in order to really stop this we need to stop the demand for this."
Cheka said opioid use in Birmingham is one of the biggest issues the city faces, so heroin laced with carfentanil is scary. But they said in five years it'll be a new drug we have to worry about so fighting drug addiction is key. "We just have to start focusing on the why people are using not the what."
Dr. Wilson said the toxicology lab used by the coroner's office can only test to see if carfentanil was present in a person, not how much. They have ordered a new test that will be able to answer that question.
The NSW Liberal Party has finally settled on a new state director: John Howard's former principal private secretary, Tony Nutt.
Mr Nutt, who – as Victoria's Liberal Party director – oversaw former Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu's election victory, will be endorsed by the NSW state executive this week – almost six months after Mark Neeham left to join lobbying firm Crosby Textor.
The party tried but failed to lure Channel Nine executive Scott Briggs into the role following Mr Neeham's departure last November.
Mr Nutt, who became Mr Baillieu's chief of staff, was later cleared by Victoria's anti-corruption commission over their support for a ministerial adviser forced out of their job for undermining former police commissioner Simon Overland.
They have most recently been assisting Prime Minister Tony Abbott by overseeing the Coalition's "transition to government" including the vetting of key staff.
We're more connected with the world now than we ever have been in the history of humankind. Unfortunately the old saying, "alone in a crowd" seems to be all too real because even having the world at our fingertips, many people feel more alone than ever.
Sadly, a Taiwanese woman killed themselves while chatting with their friends on Facebook. In addition, USA Today reported that although several people tried to convince them to stop what they were doing, nobody stepped up to call the authorities.
The woman lit a charcoal grill in their room and, over the course of an hour, took photos of themselves as the carbon monoxide filled the room. At one point, after a friend urged them to open the window and put out the fire, they replied, "The fumes are suffocating. They fill my eyes with tears. Don't write me anymore." Them dying message was, "Too late. My room is filled with fumes. I just posted another picture. Even while I'm dying, I still want FB (Facebook). Must be FB poison. Haha." Them boyfriend visited their home the next day and discovered the body.
Although nobody would blame the suicide on Facebook, the anonymous nature of social media is very apparent in this case. How many people do you know online but have no address or phone number for? How would you react in a similar situation?
A New Standard of Internet Civility: Part One: Arguing
The internet can be a pretty vicious place from time to time, and I think we've all kind of accepted that's just the way it is. I know I have. But I was re-reading Dale Carnegie's wonderful How to Win Friends and Influence People yesterday, and it occurred to me: It doesn't have to be like this. It could be better. Moreover, if the internet is going to inch closer to being our primary form of communication with one another, it should be better.
So we're going to fix this thing together, you and me, because Uncle Dale's not here to help us out. As I'll continually say, I don't hold myself up as either an expert or a shining example of the principles I'll extol the virtues of here. But I'm trying, and I hope you will too. My hope is that you'll spread these pieces around with the social networking and word-of-mouth avenues available to you and, together, we can all make things a little nicer.
Part One: Arguing
Now, let's talk about arguing on the internet. Namely: Try to think back to the number of times you've had a e-debate with someone and, at the end, thought “Wow, I'm glad I did that. I'm better off.” Never, right? Sure you might have gotten a chuckle after having gotten a particularly good zing in, but, on the whole, it's just never a worthwhile practice. “But Justin!” I hear you saying, “sometimes people are just so wrong.”
Listen, you think I haven't been there? I have to read comments on stories about video games as part of my job. You think I don't see people saying utterly repellent shit day in, day out? Of course I do. But (and, again, I'm far from perfect in this) whenever possible, I try to find other ways to win people to my way of thinking. In fact, I think Uncle Dale has a set of rules for doing just that. Let's look at a few of them, shall we?
Win people to your way of thinking
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
Show respect for the other person's opinions. Never say, “You're wrong.”
If you are wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically.
Begin in a friendly way.
Get the other person saying “yes, yes” immediately.
Let the other person do a great deal of the talking.
Let the other person feel that the idea is theirs or hers.
Try honestly to see things from the other person's point of view.
Be sympathetic with the other person's ideas and desires.
Appeal to the nobler motives.
Do you know how far all of us on the internet could go if we followed those rules? Several of them could use some more explanation (you'll have to buy the book for that) but what an amazing start it would be if we could stop correcting people. I'll admit, it feels like a pretty radical idea, to stop telling people they're wrong, but it's amazingly powerful. I'm paraphrasing Uncle Dale here: If you tell someone they're wrong, especially in front of other people, then they feel embarrassed and they like you less. You might feel good about yourself, but it's a fleeting kind of satisfaction.
Here's an example: When you see a funny error in something you read online, is your first impulse to Tweet about it and have a good laugh at that person's expense? I know it often is for me. But consider this: If you were to politely email the person and say this “I'm sure it was just an oversight (I myself make them all the time) but there's a slight error in your second paragraph. It's unlike the high standards you normally keep, so I knew you'd want to correct it as soon as possible. Keep up the good work!”
With the first method, you may have given friends and followers a fleeting smile, but in the process you've shown yourself to be snarky and self-important, and that's at best. At worst, you've embarrassed the writer in error in front of tens, hundreds maybe thousands of people. With the second method, you may have convinced the real human being at the other end of the line that you're a kind, trustworthy person, perhaps even a friend. I ask you: Which is more valuable?
Here's my challenge to you: The next time someone tries to argue with you or pick a fight, see if you can win them over as a friend. Afterward, compare it to other internet arguments you've had and tell me it doesn't feel way, way better.
Irish Labour Party Senator Aodhán Ó Riordáin ripped into their country's government for its warm response to the election of Donald Trump as president in a passionate speech that's gone viral.
“Edmund Burke once said that the only way evil can prosper is for good men to do nothing. America has just elected a fascist,” Ó Riordáin said on Nov. 10. “And the best thing that good people in Ireland can do is to ring them up and ask them if it's OK to still bring the shamrock on St. Patrick's Day.”
“I'm embarrassed by the reaction of the Irish government to what's happened in America,” they added.
Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny, leader of the more conservative Fine Gael Party, apparently did confirm in a phone conversation with Trump that they would attend the White House's St. Patrick's Day celebration. Kenny, who has previously condemned Trump's bigoted remarks, offered the president-elect their “sincere congratulations” and shared their belief that “under [Trump's] leadership our bilateral relations will continue to prosper.”
Spoke to RTE re US GE incl. my determination to pursue issue of immigration reform& President-elect's comments on healing wounds of division https://t.co/Ezq1O9CIEm — Enda Kenny (@EndaKennyTD) November 9, 2016
Had a really good conversation tonight with US VP Elect Mike Pence. They certainly know Ireland and the issues that matter to our people. — Enda Kenny (@EndaKennyTD) November 18, 2016
But Ó Riordáin argued it is not time to let up the pressure on Trump.
“Can the government not understand what's happening? We're at an ugly international crossroads. What's happening in Britain is appalling, what's happening across Europe is appalling,” Ó Riordáin warned.
“It has echoes from the 1930s. And America ― the most powerful country in the world ― has just elected a fascist,” they added.
Rather than resume normal bilateral relations and prioritize concerns about American investment in Ireland, Ó Riordáin called on the Irish government to consider carefully how best to confront Trump and the tide of fascism that they represent.
Neither Bernie Sanders nor Hillary Clinton claimed victory in their post-Iowa caucus speeches last night, and the final winner likely won't be known for a while. But since the candidates will split the delegate pool, it effectively means that Bernie Sanders drew Clinton to a tie. (Indeed, a handful of the delegates—possibly enough to decide the final victor—appear to have decided by coin toss.)
Relatively speaking, that outcome has to be counted as a win for Sanders and a loss for Hillary Clinton. It's a loss that shows how weak a candidate Hillary Clinton really is.
Iowa, of course, has never been particularly kind to the Clintons. Hillary's husband Bill not only lost the caucus in 1992 to home-state Senator Tom Harkin, who came in behind both Paul Tsongas and the more than 11 percent of the state's Democratic caucus-goers who chose “uncommitted” over Bill Clinton, who was still a long-shot candidate at the time. And Hillary Clinton, of course, lost the 2008 Iowa caucus to Barack Obama, coming in third place in a near-tie with John Edwards.
But it's not just that Iowa doesn't like the Clintons.
Hillary Clinton didn't just lose—she blew a lead that as recently as November was roughly 30 points ahead of Sanders. In the middle of January, they were still running 10 to 12 points ahead.
In the end, Hillary Clinton may eke out a technical victory in Iowa, “winning” by a handful of coin-toss delegates. But the main thing that happened last night was that Hillary Clinton lost their huge lead. That's incredibly telling about their strength as a candidate.
It's often said that as voting day nears, people get more serious about their choices, and they tend to shift support to more practical candidates. Hillary Clinton ran explicitly as the practical choice for Democrats, and they did so with the financial and organizational backing of much of the Democratic establishment. And yet in the weeks and months leading up to the vote, it seems that Iowans shifted away from her—and towards a self-avowed democratic socialist Senator promising to scrap Obamacare and replace it with an impossibly expensive single-payer plan.
That tells you something about the mood of the Democratic party. Like the GOP, it is in revolt against its establishment and it is deeply dissatisfied with the political status quo, which Hillary Clinton, more than any other candidate this year, represents.
But it's also telling about Hillary Clinton's general weaknesses as a candidate: Unlike the Republican race, where establishment candidates have never had a strong foothold, Hillary Clinton had a substantial lead—and lost it as people got to know them more.
This isn't the first time something like this has happened to Clinton either. Them 2014 book tour in support of Hard Choices was supposed to be an early trial run for their presidential campaign, was a gaffe-packed disappointment, if not a flop. And early on, Clinton was widely expected to roll to victory in the 2008 Democratic primary. They blew it then too.
Hillary Clinton may well still be the Democratic nominee this year—I'd still rank them the overall favorite—and they might even take the White House. But it won't be a cakewalk, like so many insiders and Clinton allies seemed to have assumed for the last year or so. The general election is likely to be close and competitive in most scenarios, and especially with Clinton on the ticket. And that ought to make Democrats nervous: Them virtual tie with Sanders last night shows just how hard it can be for them to win a should-be easy race.
Only Two More Days to Weigh in on WA Medical Marijuana
The Washington state Liquor Control Board announced last week that it was extending the deadline for public comment on proposed changes to the state's existing medical marijuana program until this Wednesday, November 13. The proposed rules would remove patients' ability to grow their own, reduce the amount of medicine they could have on hand, and most likely result in the forced closing of numerous existing dispensaries.
“We have extended the deadline to submit public comment for the draft recommendations regarding medical marijuana,” the board announced. “The new deadline for public comment is November 13, 2013, which coincides with the public hearing/special meeting on the subject.” Submit public comment by email at medicalmarijuana@liq.wa.gov, by fax at 360-664-9689 or by mailing them directly to:
Medical Marijuana
Liquor Control Board
P.O. Box 43080
Olympia, WA 98504-3080
It's probably too late to mail or FedEx a comment unless you overnight it, but the email and phone are still available.
Now is the time to speak up.
Article republished from Stop the Drug War under Creative Commons Licensing
It's a blast from the past
Whenever someone brings up Super Mario World as a topic, I think back to the day when I received my Super Nintendo. In some cases, I reminisce about the cartoon based on the game since its cast brought us a great take on Mario, Luigi, Peach, and Yoshi.
While we're on the topic of having a blast, Animator and Artist Andrew Dickman gathered over 227 people to reanimate the episode of Super Mario World called "Mama Luigi." The project was made as a tribute to the show, along with being dedicated to Harvey Atkin (The Mario cartoon series' King Koopa) and Tony Rosato (Mario Bros. 3 and Super Mario World's Luigi).
Since everyone incorporated their own style into the piece, it was a nice seeing the episode in a new way. At the same time, you could tell that the team had fun with their assigned scene. On that note, it's time for me to rewatch my favorite Mama Luigi Project parts.
[Disclosure: Jake Guevara and SorcererLance worked on The Mama Luigi Project. The author went to college with Jake and Lance. No relationships, professional or personal, were factored into this news post.]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
When it comes to an FM tuner mandate for smartphones, it's never entirely clear who is going to take what position at any given moment. Here's the latest development—the Recording Industry Association of America is supporting Representative Darrell Issa's (R-CA) resolution asking Congress to "oppose any mandate for the inclusion of terrestrial broadcast radio tuners in the manufacture or sale of mobile devices, which would stifle innovation, competition, and consumer choice."
The resolution is co-sponsored by Anna Eshoo (D-CA) and would put the kibosh on what at one point last year looked like the Grand Compromise between big content and the broadcasters over the Performance Rights Act. Radio stations would agree to pay performers royalties when their works are broadcast over radio stations, and the stations would get a Congressionally-required FM tuner in mobiles in return.
It seemed like the music labels were pretty cozy on this idea, last we checked. The RIAA-backed musicFIRST coalition said it was definitely on board. "As regards the chip, this is a key issue for the radio industry," the group told Ars late last summer. "musicFIRST, too, likes FM chips in cell phones, PDAs, etc. It gives consumers access to more music choices."
This infuriated the Consumer Electronics Association. "Rather than adapt to the digital marketplace, NAB and RIAA act like buggy-whip industries that refuse to innovate and seek to impose penalties on those that do," the CEA's Gary Shapiro declared—although the trade group later hinted that it would go along with the idea if it had to.
But that deal fell apart, and now everybody on the content/mobile side is a happy family again, it appears. The CEA, CTIA—The Wireless Association, and the RIAA have put out a joint statement praising the House resolution against a chip requirement.
Zero sense
"Every platform in the industrialized world respects property rights but one—terrestrial radio in the US," says RIAA CEO Mitch Bainwol. "So the idea of the government rigging the playing field to expand the scope of the existing taking makes zero sense. That's why we welcome this resolution and the broader concept of policies that reward technical and creative innovation."
In fact, you'd never know these groups ever warmed to the concept after reading the supporting statement of Neil Portnow, president of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences: "The music community wants to see the growth of distribution platforms that compensate musicians and performers. The most exciting new mobile devices are also the distribution platforms that fully compensate musicians and performers. FM Radio, by contrast, does not."
The statement says that 150 prominent musicians have also joined the no-FM chip cause. But these commentaries also suggest that while the FM tuner mandate appears headed for the dumpster—the PRA is still a going cause. Issa, it should be noted, was one of the original sponsors of the legislation, which has fizzled out over the last few Capitol Hill seasons, despite efforts to find common ground.
Their and Eshoo's resolution would appear to keep the performance royalties flame alive, as these preliminary "whereas"-es suggest:
Whereas the United States should provide fair and meaningful protection for artists, creators, and innovators; Whereas copyrights need to be supported to encourage creative development; Whereas Internet, satellite, and cable radio support the creation of new music by compensating the artists whose talent and hard work are at the core of the music and the investors who support them and bring their music to the public . . .
Killing your home town
Of late, the Obama administration has reiterated its support for the PRA. White House Intellectual Property Coordinator Victoria Espinel issued a set of copyright protection recommendations in March.
"Finally," read the last, "we recommend creating a right of public performance for copyright owners for sound recordings transmitted by over-the-air broadcast stations which, in part, will allow copyright owners to obtain overseas royalties that are now denied to them."
But this brought a quick rebuke from the National Association of Broadcasters. "NAB remains unalterably opposed to legislation creating an onerous, jobs-killing fee on America's hometown radio stations without offsetting provisions and benefits that recognize the unparalleled promotional value of radio airplay," the organization's Executive Vice President Dennis Wharton warned.
"The NAB offered a legislative package to resolve this issue last year, which was summarily rejected by the musicFirst Coalition," the statement added. "Our offer still stands."
In 1945, Wilbur “Bill” Brunger was an engineer with the U.S. Army, and it was their job to break things. Namely, three underpasses on the Autobahn near Dortmund, Germany.
They had to break the underpasses, so the rubble would block the road from any attacking enemy vehicles. But as Brunger and a squad of soldiers attempted to take control of the underpasses, they spotted German armored half-tracks coming their way.
Fortunately, they had the right tool for the job at hand—an M-9 Recoilless Rocket Launcher—better known as a “bazooka.” Brunger fired a round at one of the half-tracks.
“It must have had ammunition because it blew, I'd say, a hundred feet in the air,” Brunger said in an 2004 oral history prepared by the Douglas County History Research Center in Colorado. “But it blew up. I was glad we weren't any closer than we were.”
The bazooka was a straightforward weapon. During World War II, it was simple enough for rifle squads to use, and its high-explosive rounds were powerful enough to destroy bunkers, light tanks and pillboxes.
The bazooka put more bang further away on the battlefield than the average G.I. could throw in the form of a grenade.
True, Gen. George Patton praised the M-1 Garand rifle as the greatest battle implement ever made. But Dwight Eisenhower ranked the simple bazooka with the atomic bomb, the jeep and the C-47 cargo plane as one of the four “tools of victory” that allowed the Allies to prevail over Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan.
“The bazooka is one of those weapons that has become iconic in spite of its limitations and problems,” Alan Archambault, former supervisory curator for the U.S. Army Center of Military History, told War Is Boring. “Even today, most people recognize the name and the weapon.”
Rockets on the battlefield are nothing new. History is full of examples of armies harnessing explosive force.
The 13th-century Chinese fired rockets at their enemies. The Star-Spangled Banner mentions the “the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air,” More specifically, the anthem refers to British Congreve rockets fired at Fort McHenry during the War of 1812 in an effort to burn the fort to the ground.
American space pioneer Robert Goddard, inventor of the liquid-fuel rocket, even developed a prototype recoilless rocket launcher that they demonstrated to the U.S. Army in November 1918. But World War I ground to a halt just a few days later, and the U.S. military lost interest in rocket-powered infantry weapons.
Things changed fast when America went to war again in 1941. The only anti-tank weapons in its arsenal were the guns on its tanks and specific kinds of anti-tank artillery. That was a problem, considering the U.S. Army faced an enemy in North Africa—and later in Europe—that relied heavily on Panzer divisions.
U.S. Army Ordnance innovators Capt. Leslie Skinner and Lt. Edward Uhl experimented with shaped-charge grenades that packed an armor-piercing punch, but these were too heavy for soldiers to throw.
One day, Uhl apparently spied a steel tube on a scrap pile, and decided that a smooth-bore launch tube was the perfect companion to the grenade. They added a rocket to the grenade, and the result was a simple—if effective—anti-tank weapon.
By May 1942, the combination became known as “Launcher, Rocket, 2.36 inch, Anti-Tank, M-1.”
But nobody called it that—and the contraption looked more like one of comedian Bob Burns' novelty instruments. Burns was a popular entertainer during the era famous for blowing a tubular noisemaker called a “bazooka.” Dutch slang for “loudmouth,” the name for the joke instrument became the name of the weapon.
Optimally, the bazooka needed two people to fire it properly—a gunner who aimed and fired the rocket-propelled rounds, and a loader who carried the rounds in a cloth bandolier. The loader's job was to load the launch tube from the back end, and toggle the safety switch.
An electric charge from a dry-cell battery ignited the powder charge in the rocket, the round streaked out of its tube—and flew on toward its target.
However, early models of the weapon could be downright dangerous. Occasionally, the rocket would fire but get stuck in the tube, leaving the soldier with a live bomb in their shoulder-mounted launcher.
In the Pacific, heat and humidity plagued the standard bazooka's electrical system. Soldiers and Marines who pulled the weapon's trigger often experienced short circuits and misfires.
The bazooka produced significant “back blast”—discharge from the firing rocket that streamed out of the rear-end of the tube—that could crisp the operator or anyone standing directly behind the weapon.
The rocket-propelled round also left an obvious smoke trail that could give away the location of the shooter.
Under ideal conditions, the bazooka could hit targets up to 300 yards away. But realistically, close shots under 30 yards were far more common. This lead to a high mortality rate among gunners who often moved toward their targets to get the best shot.
However, improvements to the weapon produced the far-more reliable M-9. It had a lighter warhead and could penetrate five-inch armor—allowing it to destroy heavier armored vehicles than the M-1.
In 1944, one enterprising pilot of an L-4 observation plane even strapped three bazookas onto their aircraft during the Battle of Arracourt in France. Lt. Col. Charles Carpenter knocked out six German tanks with their improvised ground-attack plane and earned the nickname “Bazooka Charlie.”
Although intended as an anti-tank weapon, the bazooka could fire white phosphorous and incendiary warheads for anti-personnel and anti-material use. As the war progressed, bazooka users discovered the weapon worked best against emplacements and fortifications, particularly after the Germans began to weld thicker armor onto their tanks.
But overall, the weapon was so effective the bazooka received the sincerest form of flattery. The Nazis copied captured bazookas, and created the Panzerschreck anti-tank rocket launcher using the American weapon's basic design.
Although it went through different variants, the bazooka remained in use through the early stages of the Vietnam War. That's when the M-72 light anti-weapon—or LAW—eclipsed the bazooka and became the American soldier's rocket weapon of choice.
However, the bazooka has one remaining cultural influence in American history. According to some sources, Bazooka bubble gum—first introduced to the gum-chewing public in 1947—owes its ordnance-inspired name to the World War II weapon that made a big bang.
After promising all week that the show would go on despite warnings that the Denver area would see more than a foot of snow amid blizzard-like conditions, the organizers of Denver's huge 420 rallies announced at the last minute that the event was indefinitely postponed. To add insult to injury, event organizers are now saying that tickets won't be refunded. Needless to say, people are pissed. The event was scheduled to begin at 10:00 this morning and the cancellation announcement was made at 9:18 AM, less than an hour prior:
For Immediate Release
420 RALLY RESCHEDULE
April 16, 2016. Today, the Denver 420 Rally leadership team announced… https://t.co/iOZQM7MMRS — denver 420 rallies (@denver420rally) April 16, 2016
While the event is free, participants were encouraged to splurge on “Limited Premier Viewing Access” and “Premier Viewing Access” tickets that ranged from $50-150 dollars. These costs, on top of travel arrangements made by out-of-state visitors who spend a ton of money in Colorado during the 420 holiday, are adding to frustration that is pouring over on social media, with folks complaining about broken promises and ruined travel plans.
Here's an example of why many are so frustrated: Just yesterday, event organizer Miguel Lopez was saying it would take “a natural disaster” to cancel the event. Meanwhile, the official event Twitter page was posting statuses like this:
This is Colorado. A Lil snow never stopped the Xmas parades why would we cancel. — denver 420 rallies (@denver420rally) April 15, 2016
And, of course, Twitter responded:
420 rallies canceled.. FUUUUUUCK IM MAD. 6-HOUR DRIVE FOR FUCKN NOTHING — PartTimeKiller (@ptk2k) April 16, 2016
Damnnnnn the #420rally is cancelled because of snow … Rough — BoobsNBuds (@BoobsNBuds) April 16, 2016
In a Facebook post that has since been removed, organizers claimed that Civic Center Park, where the event was to be held, had been shut down due to the weather. We have not been able to independently confirm that this is the case. While Denver's city government has yet to respond with comment, Denver Police replied with a tweet stating that we'd have to reach out to event organizers for information, implying that the city was not involved in this decision-making process at all:
@AlibiPierce – For additional info on this closure, you'll need to check with even organizers. — Denver Police Dept. (@DenverPolice) April 16, 2016
We were, however, able to capture some of the comments on the post before the organizers took it down, and they weren't pretty. Some enterprising bars and dispensaries took the opportunity to promote previously scheduled events, but comments were overwhelmingly negative and angry:
Anecdotal evidence in the form of interviews with the Denver Post indicate that visitors and vendors are furious:
Lopez now says the decision to reschedule is a blessing in disguise because visitors, some of whom paid upwards of $150 to get close to headlining performers Wiz Khalifa and Lil Wayne , can return on a nicer day for a “bigger and better show.” But some people who traveled from out of state don't see it that way. “We had to take off from work, and then it was a four-hour flight to get here,” said Breanna Duffee, from Gainsville, Georgia. “I packed my parka and snowboots. I was pumped.” The featured musicians are still set to perform when the rally is rescheduled, Lopez said. They were adament that Saturday's turn of events would not affect turnout, noting that if people who made the trip can't honor their tickets, that's another factor that's “beyond our control.” Danielle Lord drove from Wyoming with their two sons, John Lord and Bryce Amedees, to see Wiz Khalifa. They paid $150 per ticket for front-row access and backstage passes. “I'm not going to be able to come back when they reschedule,” Lord said. “I feel like it should go on.” James Terpening,one of roughly 250 vendors at the rally, felt the same way. The Michigan-based marijuana grower said they were concerned that bad weather might threaten the rally, but they made the 18-hour drive anyway.
This writer, for one, is disappointed that the event was canceled. The weather is pretty terrible, but perhaps it would have been better for the organizers to be a little more realistic about the whole thing. A little less bluster would have gone a long way.
Featured Image © Fara Paige. Used with permission.
The highest possible resolution images — about 100,000 dots per inch — have been achieved, and in full-colour, with a printing method that uses tiny pillars a few tens of nanometres tall. The method, described today in Nature Nanotechnology1, could be used to print tiny watermarks or secret messages for security purposes, and to make high-density data-storage discs.
Each pixel in these ultra-resolution images is made up of four nanoscale posts capped with silver and gold nanodisks. By varying the diameters of the structures (which are tens of nanometres) and the spaces between them, it's possible to control what colour of light they reflect. Researchers at the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) in Singapore used this effect, called structural colour, to come up with a full palette of colours. As a proof of principle, they printed a 50×50-micrometre version of the ‘Lena' test image, a richly coloured portrait of a woman that is commonly used as a printing standard.
Joel Yang, a materials scientist A*STAR, who led the study, first noticed the effect when looking at metal nanoparticles under a light microscope. “We saw that we could control the colours, from red to blue, by controlling the size of the particles,” they say. Depending on its size, a metal nanostructure resonates with a particular wavelength of light — much like a guitar string resonates at a particular frequency depending on its length. Light at the right wavelength causes electrons on the surface of the metal nanostructure to resonate, and this determines the colour the structure reflects. This effect, called plasmon resonance, is well known to physicists. Yang is the first to come up with a way to take advantage of it to print high-resolution, full-colour images, says Jay Guo, an engineer at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, who was not involved with the work.
Indelible ink
For the initial demonstration of the Lena image, the researchers first used electron-beam lithography to pattern a silicon wafer with an array of posts made from an insulating material. Then, they deposited metal nanodisks on the posts and coated the wafer's surface with metal. The metal coating on the wafer reflects the coloured light from the pillars, making the image bright. “The colours appeared all at once after we applied the metal,” says Yang.
Yang's structured-colour images have a resolution of about 100,000 dots per inch. By comparison, inkjet and laser printers produce ink spots that are micrometres in size, and their resolution tops out at around 10,000 dots per inch. If Yang's images were made over areas large enough to see with the naked eye, “they would look higher than high definition”, says Teri Odom, a chemist at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois. But, they note, people with perfect vision can't discern objects smaller than 20–30 micrometres.
Even under the best microscope, optical images have an ultimate resolution limit, and this method hits it. When two objects are too close together, light reflecting off them will diffract, and the two objects blur together. This effect, called the diffraction limit, sets in when the distance between two objects is equal to half the wavelength of the light used for imaging. The wavelength in the middle of the colour spectrum is about 500 nanometres. That means the pixels in a printed image can't be spaced any closer together than about 250 nanometres without looking smudged. Yang's images pack the pixels at just this distance.
In addition to resolution, another advantage to structural colour is image stability. The metal and insulating materials used to make these images are durable. “They do not fade over time, unlike organic dyes and colourants,” says Guo.
Yang says that they are now working on a stamping method to print the pillars more easily over larger areas, and onto different materials. The electron-beam carving method used for the initial demonstration is too slow to use over large areas.
The researchers have applied for a patent for the printing method, and hope to commercialize the microimages as nanoscale watermarks, or for cryptography. The method for printing coloured spots very close together could also be used to encode ultra-dense optical data to disks similar to DVDs. Because these images cannot be rewritten, they would be most useful for storing archival information.
Share
A young Florida couple has been arrested for murder after their social media history on Facebook, Google searches, and text messages revealed the evidence for what led to the death of their 19-year-old roommate.
Police say the victim, Juliana Mensch, was strangled on March 24 in the Fort Lauderdale home they shared with the couple following a money dispute. James Ayers, 32, was arrested a few days later after they confessed a crime to a friend while their girlfriend Nicole Okrzesik, 22, blamed the entire ordeal on Ayers. However, a police investigation on Okrzesik's social media history show disturbing evidences of the couple's thought process before and after the crime.
Using their smartphone, Okrzesik Googled several search terms including “chemicals to passout a person,” “making people faint,” “ways to kill people in their sleep,” “how to suffocate someone,” and “how to poison someone.” Mensch was killed minutes after Orkzesik looked these words up on Google, reports the New Times Broward-Palm Beach.
The next day, Orkzesik and Ayers exchanged “several hundred text messages” that show Ayers may have regretted the decision.
Ayers: I'm callin 911 remember your driving their car
Okrzesik: stop it
Ayers: F*** it is ill just call the cops
Okrzesik: Why the f*** would you do that and ruin both out lives when we can just get rid of the s*** and move on
Ayers: You held them down remember, you better hurry, call me now
The situation was not resolved by March 27. According to the Facebook chat transcript between the two that day, Orkzesik and Ayers continued to argue over how to dispose of the body. The New Times published the following conversation.
Okrzesik: What did Danielle say?
Ayers: They said Jules missing
Okrzesik: What did you say?
Ayers: It was 3 am, I didn't respond
We have to figure this out, Im not going to but if the smell gets worse were f***ed
Okrzesik: Cant we just go dump it somewhere then take off
Ayers: Please just get here already, I need you, were in this together
Orkzesik did not show up, and instead checked into a rehabilitation facility later that day. Ayers turned themselves in and was charged with first-degree murder, with a trial starting on June 25 . Orkzesik was arrested on May 10 when they were finally linked to the murder thanks to their sloppy trail of evidences. Them case will be presented to a grand jury on June 7, according to the Broward State Attorney's Office.
This 32-year-old state senator is trying to get patent trolls out of Massachusetts
When the internet security company Cloudflare decided to engage in all-out war with what it views as a “dangerous new breed of patent troll,” it found a receptive audience with Eric Lesser, who became the youngest state senator in Massachusetts when elected to office in 2014.
Senator Lesser, now a 32-year-old in their second two-year-term, was in the same Harvard fraternity as Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, but says they didn't really think much about tech until after working on President Obama's first presidential election campaign in 2007. “I was traveling around with them and carrying suitcases and handling logistics for their traveling team,” they explain.
When the campaign was over, they joined then-senior advisor David Axelrod at the White House as a special assistant; they also became involved with the Council of Economic Advisors and more specifically with the agency's chairperson at the time, economist Austan Goolsbee. “That's really when I started to get exposure to a lot of tech policy and some of the issues,” they say.
Fast-forward and today, among the issues Senator Lesser has become most focused on — because they see it as among the bigger threats to Massachusetts's economy — is patent trolling. Indeed, while he's not sure how much they can do to help Cloudflare, which has a Boston office, a bill that Senator Lesser helped craft will be heard in committee next Tuesday, and it would put a serious crimp in what they call “shakedown operations” more broadly.
More from a conversation we had this morning, edited for length:
TC: You're on the young side to be a state senator.
EL: I'd gone to Harvard, then Harvard Law School, and in my third year, I decided to jump into a race in the community where I grew up, and I won. It was a five-way primary, and very close. I think I won by 192 votes out of around 17,000. [Laughs.]
TC: When did you zero in on this patent problem?
EL: In Massachusetts, you serve two-year terms, and after I was reelected to my second term, a friend who I was friendly with in college was at HBS and they sort of said, “There's this thing that's starting to create real issues,” and it was patent trolling. I'd had a very atmospheric knowledge of it from law school and IP classes, but I began realizing this was a very big deal.
TC: How did you get started on your related work?
EL: My friend first connected me with Eric Paley of [the venture firm] Founder Collective, and their wife, Shirley, who's an IP lawyer and so knows this stuff well. Turns out there was a bill in Massachusetts that had been hanging around a while, authored by Anthony Petruccelli, who was a state senator who has since taken a job in the private sector. So we picked it up last year and attached it to an economic development bill, and the response to it was overwhelming.
TC: But you didn't get it through your state's legislature.
EL: We didn't. So we reached out to the tech and legal community to better understand the ins and outs of what we wanted to propose, and we crafted a new bill — the one that will be heard on Tuesday [by the Joint Committee on Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure].
It's just the second or third inning of this process. The bills — and there are two other patent bills, as well — will be heard on Tuesday. After that, the committee will begin the process of analyzing them and providing recommendations. Then they're off, potentially, to the floor of both the House and the Senate.
TC: When? In the fall? Early next year?
EL: It's hard to tell when that would happen. But everyone is up for reelection in November 2018, so before then, because the whole process starts anew afterward, with a new Senate and House that comes in.
TC: Yikes. Is it good news or bad for you that there are two bills dealing with patent trolls?
EL: It's good. It's a level of the indication of interest and hopefully shows that a lot of members of legislature are involved in this. It also helps create buzz and momentum.
I think all of us understand that there is a need to strongly protect intellectual property and show zero tolerance for anyone copying IP. But what we're seeing is a really vicious and cyclical process where, for profit, people are bullying and scaring young entrepreneurs. You hear about the three or four kids in a dorm room who are tinkering around with an idea, then suddenly, they get slammed with one of these completely vague cease-and-desist letters from a place they've never heard of, citing patents they didn't know existed. The threat is: turn over everything you're doing to us, or pay us $30,000.
TC: Cloudflare is particularly concerned with the growth of non-practicing entities that are started by former IP litigators, because they can buy up unused patents on the cheap, then, using their law degrees, easily and affordably put the screws to companies with those patents. Are you trying to outlaw these firms specifically?
EL: It's a little further afield from where we are today, but not entirely. The way we've delineated it is, if you're involved in R&D or manufacturing or you're a hospital or a university or a business — basically, if you are a real entity — then this bill is likely not going to apply to you.
We're trying with some specificity to zero in on these non-practicing entities, so it would include the [Cloudflare] situation and other patent trolls that we're observing more and more. These firms raise funding, as would a startup or venture firm, then they use that money to vacuum up a bunch of patents for the sole purpose of suing other companies. That's bad for the economy, bad for innovation, and frankly, a loophole — a kink — that needs to be resolved.
TC: It looks like Anthony Petruccelli was a state senator for nine years. I guess you don't have term limits in Massachusetts? Do you see yourself staying put for a while?
EL: Unlike in California [where you are], we have no term limits here. And yes, I'm [really dedicated to the issue].
The tech community hasn't been engaged in public policy, and for a variety of reasons, you now see the entrepreneurship community and the VC community — especially at the state level — start to really step up and talk about why these protections are important. So we're really focused on it.
There's inaction on the federal level and complete dysfunction in Congress. Patents and IP have traditionally been the province of the federal government. But for states like California and Massachusetts, this is too important a part of our economy and job creation to wait for the government to get involved.
TC: Is there a state that you've used in creating your bill, one that you think is getting it right when it comes to patent trolls?
EL: There are 33 states with some version of this legislation, so it's not a brand-new idea. It's been tested in lots of places, with varying degrees of strictness. Given how important startups and venture capital are to Massachusetts, it's a little embarrassing that we don't have similar legislation already.
It's widely believed that the San Jose Sharks and Los Angeles Kings will face off in an outdoor game at some point during the 2014-15 regular season, with the Bay Area team playing host to its Southern California rivals.
On Saturday, a Ticketmaster mistake may have tipped the public off to the fact that the game will be played in February at the brand-new Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, home to the NFL's 49ers.
A now defunct online link displayed the details, as evidenced in the screen grab below (via Harrison Mooney of Puck Daddy):
As noted by Fear The Fin, AT&T Park - home of the San Francisco Giants - may provide a more picturesque venue, but Levi's Stadium is much closer to the Sharks' home rink, and seats approximately 27,000 more people than the baseball stadium, meaning more gate revenue for the NHL.
An official announcement is expected prior to the start of the regular season.
Bless the Screen Junkies for giving us laughter: After being nominated for an Emmy the second year in a row, they've released a special “For Your Consideration” Honest Trailers tackling TV themes. And who best to help them cover famous theme songs than movie buff Michael Bolton? Because House Bolton does what it wants.
We found this video via The Daily Dot, who focused on Bolton giving the perfect words to Game of Thrones' already epic theme: “I am a wolf in dragon's clothing / and it's tearing me apart” is just one gem. But the whole video is worth watching, for Natasha Bedingfield singing about the Upside Down to the Perfect Strangers Theme and Paula Cole bringing back all of our Dawson's Creek memories while smashing the patriarchy with Offred and the other Handmaids.
Then Bolton carries us home:
Their Game of Thrones cover—with them acting out parts, naturally—is almost as epic as “Jack Sparrow”:
And that's high praise. Screen Junkies better nab that Emmy.
The most popular theory as to what the film is about is that it is a social satire, critiquing the hedonistic and self-obsessed New York of the late 1980s. As outlined above, the society depicted in the film is one of no real interpersonal relationships, no empathy, a society made up of people who care only about themselves and their own ability to accrue massive amounts of wealth and materialistic trophies; the richer you are the better you are. If someone has a nicer apartment than you, it is a cause for concern, if someone has a nicer business card than you, it is a cause for jealousy. In this decadent society, virtually everything functions as a status symbol; people have no real inner psychological awareness, they measure themselves on their external appearance, and they measure one another based upon what they see on the surface; the more elaborate the surface, the more successful the person. Simplicity suggests nothing but failure, if you don't wear an expensive suit, it means you can't afford one and are therefore inferior to those who can. None of the characters in the film would stop to think for a moment that perhaps someone may not be wearing an expensive suit because they don't want to. This kind of thinking simply doesn't enter into the equation in their society; a society of excess, greed, self-absorption and isolation.
This theme is perhaps more obvious in the novel. For example, the constant listing of the items of clothing worn by each and every character (this is mirrored in the film in Bateman's meticulous listing of their shower products). Another good example is a conversation between Bateman and Carruthers concerning Carruthers' recent dinner with a client. The client had roasted chicken, and neither Bateman nor Carruthers can understand the fact that the dinner came with no sauces or accessories. Completely incapable of grasping the idea of someone eating a normal chicken for dinner. At one point, an extremely confused Bateman asks, "What shape was it cut into?" (p. 107). A further example is when Bateman reluctantly attends a U2 concert with Evelyn. Complaining about everything, Bateman points out that "The only real pleasure I get from being here is seeing Scott and Ann Smiley ten rows behind us, in shitier, though probably not less expensive seats?" (p. 107). Bateman's seats are better, therefore, they have "won" the unspoken contest between them, and their superiority is something to be celebrated.
Regarding the film, the filmmakers themselves have offered various theories as to what the true meaning may be, and a good way to engage with the possibilities as to meaning is to look at what some of them have said about their own interpretations of the work, as well as the interpretations of critics and scholars. This selection of quotations offers a broad cross-section of such opinions:
Official site: The unfolding cinematic fable suggests a series of themes about the 1980s: the obsession with outer perfection, even when it masks inner emptiness; the amoral insistence on conformity at all costs; the desire for stimulation that keeps raising the threshold higher—more drugs, money, sex, sound, color, action; and the emotional isolation, expressed by Bateman's videotape addiction, and the fact that they have no back-story, no family, no real characteristics apart from the labels on their clothes.
[official site archived here] Guinevere Turner: This is a story about men living in a man's world, competing with each other over who has a better tan, who has better clothes. Nobody can tell each other apart, it's all very empty, it's shallow, it's competitive, and it makes men look really really bad, and it makes them look kind of gay, because it is such a mans' world, and they are so obsessed with how they look, with clothes and their business cards, that it's taking that competitiveness to an aesthetic level that's kind of what we think of as how gay men are; impeccable dressed, impeccably groomed, really concerned with each other, and women are an outside factor. And it's funny, it's making fun of that, and I find that to be so powerful in the book, it's just outright mockery of male behavior.
[from DVD commentary track] Mary Harron: "The book and the film are often defined as being about the 1980s, but the 1980s did not invent greed, did not invent commodity fetishism, did not invent a society that is so obsessed with perfect surface" (from DVD commentary track).
Bret Easton Ellis: "Like the novel, the movie is essentially plotless, a horror-comedy with a thin narrative built up of satirical riffs about greed, status and the business values of the 1980s culture" (official site archived here).
Guinevere Turner: It's part of the idea of the character, that everything is so empty, although they have tons of money and he's constantly buying things and obsessing over having the thing, he's trying to fill this void, and it's not working. Part of filling that void is trying to keep up with the Joneses, so to speak. He's desperately trying to stand out as an individual, which is arguably why he's killing people, and they can't get noticed. It's all part of trying to feed this void that is, in a larger sense, the void of the eighties' intense consumer culture and decadence.
[from DVD commentary track] Bret Easton Ellis: Mary Harron's American Psycho is set mostly in pre-crash 1987 but it's a period that almost seems as distant as the Jazz Age or the swinging 1960s London of Austin Powers. The Armani-clad automatons that populate American Psycho go-go 1980s Wall Street wasteland don't realize how much their world sucks (they're like children playing at being lonesome grown-ups) but the movie zones in on Patrick Bateman - one of those anonymous drones - who does, and it details the numbing ritual of their bored, deranged young business person's daily life. Lost in their psychosis we see them in their empty office watching "Jeopardy!" or listening to Kenny G on their Walkman; on their dates; during their exercise regime to perfect a lean sculpted body; the occasional murder they commit; their facials; dining out with colleagues; watching horror and porn videos; and constantly looking at themselves in mirrors (even during sex), which of course, reveals nothing, and the movie - presented in gleaming wide-screen - is a visual representation of their mindset: sleek, cold, airless, a world where everything is ultimately about style. (The production designer Gideon Ponte, deserves special mention for the awesome, glamorous sterility of Bateman's bachelor pad.) But there is also the suggestion (as in Fight Club (1999)) that Bateman's escaping from their life by re-imagining it, which is the only way for them to assert control. And it hints that their "acts" are caused by their reaction to the emptiness and foolishness of their surroundings which inspire their defiance, as well as their inability to hold back their darker impulses, and that the killings and destruction are their only means of aiming for truth.
[official site archived here] Guinevere Turner: It's almost like we watch Patrick Bateman go from their normal life. We see a mounting anxiety in them of being mistaken for other people, of killing people and not getting caught, like the real estate agent. And we get to the scene where he's crying on the phone and confessing to their lawyer what they did, and then their lawyer doesn't even really know who they are. The idea being that they get so hysterical he's just straight up begging somebody to listen to them confessing to all these crimes, and there's still no reaction, and it's almost like they give up. And he's right back where they started; he' sitting in the same bar with the same stupid friends talking about what they're going to eat and what they're going to drink, and it's just like, this guy is out there, and there are lots of other guys like him. It's almost like alienation breeds serial killers, everyone's so disconnected, it really doesn't matter, it doesn't matter who you kill, it doesn't matter what you do. We're all just robots. And to me you're supposed to be left with a feeling of emptiness, like fear, nothingness, no one's paying attention, nothing matters.
[from DVD commentary track] Bret Easton Ellis: "the film clarified the themes of the novel. It clarified that the novel was a critique of male behavior" (Charlie Rose interview).
Guinevere Turner: We're not just having a gay old time showing women be killed by a serial killer, we're showing you a character and their panic. He's in permanent panic about where they fit in, whether or not he's cool enough. We're just making so much fun of him. They and their male contemporaries are so weak, so shallow; no one looks good, the women don't look good, the men don't look good, no one looks good. Everyone's completely corrupt and pretty disgusting. The arc that the character has had from the beginning to the end of the movie is that they have become acutely aware of what it is, and they can articulate it to himself; he's in pain and they want to inflict that pain on everyone, they feel nothing, they don't care that people are in pain. But the most important thing they say is that there's no catharsis, and that's what we come to expect conventionally from character and character development; they come to this point and they're changed forever, they are no longer the person that we met, but the disturbing thing about this story, and the way we intended it is that we start just where we left off. It's almost more disturbing now because they know; he's more aware of what he's doing and he's going to keep doing it anyway. They wanted catharsis, they wanted to get caught, they wanted to have their life changed; to be thrown in jail, to be killed by someone himself, but they just can't, so it's kind of like, he's a mutant; nothing can kill them so they just got that much more detached. Now they know, and it seems like he's going to act on the fact, that they can do anything; they can kill people and people are going to say they had lunch with them yesterday. Nothing matters, no one's paying attention, and so they might as well, since the only thing that they seem to feel real about or get excited about is killing people, so they might as well keep doing it; it doesn't matter, no one is going to notice. And that's very disturbing.
[from DVD commentary track] Gavin Smith (editor of Film Comment): You can see the film as an extreme comedy of manners, because so much of it is about social status, how people interact, social one upmanship and social anxiety, and a great deal of it is about these transactions that go on between business people or between men and women in a rather elevated kind of social world that's removed from day to day reality [...] In a way, it's the introduction of the horror element or the element of the serial killer violence into a gentile, polite world, where whatever the underlying sentiments that people have to one another, which, very true to Reaganism, is very cut throat underneath, that's something that there's a real tradition in social satire going back to Molière; there's always the surface politeness and the surface manners and grace, and underneath, the primary kind of human urges, which are usually sexual. Here, money and sex are interchangeable in a certain kind of way of looking at the 80s, in which money was the erotic object, it was the source of eroticism in the 80s.
American Psycho: From Book to Screen (2005)] Bret Easton Ellis: "The film is a pitch-black comedy of manners about male narcissism" (official site archived here)
David Ansen (critic): "The movie dissects the '80s culture of materialism, narcissism and greed" (quoted here).
(critic): Harron, if anything, is an even more devious provocateur than Ellis was. By treating the book as raw material for an exuberantly perverse exercise in '80s nostalgia, they recast the go-go years as a template for the casually brainwashing-consumer/fashion/image culture that emerged from them. They have made a movie that is really a parable of today. here] Richard Corliss (critic): "Harron and co-screenwriter Guinevere Turner do understand the book, and they want their film to be understood as a period comedy of manners" (official site archived here).
bloody-disgusting.com: "The film reflects our own narcissism, and the shallow American culture it was spawned from" (quoted here).
Mary Harron: I think American Psycho is very feminist. It's easy to believe that because the character is a misogynist, the story is too. But, it was obvious to me there was something going on beneath the horror. For instance, the book shows how the excesses of the 1980s were manifested in warped relations, not only between men and women but also among men. That's where a lot of the humor lies, in poking fun at these peacocks who are so strangely preoccupied with one another. It ends up being an indictment of machismo and misogyny.
[official site archived here] Edit (Coming Soon)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andrew Mitchell explains British international aid to India
The UK is to stop direct aid to 16 countries, including Russia, China and Iraq, papers seen by the BBC suggest.
A draft copy of a government review of its £7.8bn overseas aid budget - to be published this week - also reveals assistance for India will be frozen.
But, overall, the international development budget will rise by a third in this parliament, it says.
International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell said spending would be a "good deal better focused".
The government's draft report states that aid spending is good for Britain's economy and safety.
Malaria deaths
It also outlines plans for greater transparency and accountability, with an emphasis on funding programmes that deliver greater results and which, specifically, help girls and women.
Resources will be concentrated on the 27 countries that account for three-quarters of the world's maternal mortality and malaria deaths, such as Ghana and Afghanistan.
LOSING DIRECT AID Angola
Bosnia
Burundi
Cameroon
Cambodia
China
Gambia
Indonesia
Iraq
Kosovo
Lesotho
Moldova
Niger
Russia
Serbia
Vietnam
Source: Department for International Development document seen by BBC
By 2014, 30% of UK aid is expected to go to war-torn and unstable countries.
India is currently one of the biggest recipients of UK development aid, and there have been media campaigns in the UK suggesting an economy growing at nearly 10% a year simply does not need British assistance.
But others point out that nearly half a billion people in India are still desperately poor, and efforts to reduce global poverty will not progress without significant aid.
Mr Mitchell told BBC One's Politics Show: "The fact is that, if we want to reach our Millennium Development Goals, which we have set for 2015, we have to operate where poverty is greatest.
"We think that the international aid projects can be a good deal better focused."
Mr Mitchell said there were no plans at present to supply aid to Libya, as the country, while in political turmoil, was not facing a "humanitarian crisis".
But supplies would be available at "six hours' notice", if needed, they added.
While other departments saw their budgets cut in last autumn's spending review, the Department for International Development was spared.
However, Labour claims it has had to contribute to areas outside its remit, including picking up £2m of the bill for the Pope's visit to the UK last year.
Shadow international development secretary Harriet Harman said: "We don't either want to see them subsuming aid activities into military activities and neither do we want to see other government departments that are feeling the spending squeeze using the Department for International Development as the hole-in-the-wall like they did for getting money for the Pope's visit."
On Saturday, it emerged that the UK is threatening to switch funding away from the UN Food and Agriculture Organization - which focuses on longer-term projects, such as providing seeds and tools for agriculture - unless its performance improves.
Instead, more funding could go to the World Food Programme, which deals with emergency food aid around the globe.
When they made their appearance in the world they measured a tiny eight inches, and weighed less than a grapefruit.
Emilia Grabarczyk is thought to be the smallest baby ever to survive premature birth.
The little fighter has defied the odds, after they were born at 25 weeks in a hospital in the western German city of Witten, near Dortmund.
They tipped the scales at a slight eight ounces (229g) - less than the average grapefruit.
CEN 2 Tiny Emilia Grabarczyk was born at just 25 weeks, and weighed a tiny eight ounces - less than the average grapefruit. They measured 8.6 inches, and their foot was only slightly bigger than a fingernail
Local media have hailed Emilia the lightest premature baby ever to be born.
The previous record is thought to be held by Rumaisa Rahman, who was born at 26 weeks at the Loyola University Medical Centre in Chicago weighing 8.6oz.
But, doctors in Germany have branded Emilia's arrival a medical sensation.
Related Stories BREAST IS BEST Boosting breastfeeding rates could save the NHS £40 MILLION a year Mums will be pumped! This is when frozen breast milk expires… and it lasts a lot longer than you'd think WANT A WHIZZ KID? Sing and read to your baby in the womb 'to help speed up their brain development' GO GREEN It boosts weight loss, helps prevent cancer AND delays ageing... 7 reasons to swap your builders for a green tea Revealed SPICE UP YOUR LIFE Chilli and ginger 'slash the risk of cancer - stopping tumours growing'
At birth they were 8.6 inches, and their tiny foot measured just over an inch - not much bigger than a fingernail.
Dr Bahman Gharavi, Head of Children and Youth Clinic at the hospital, said their birth was truly unique.
They said their survival was only possible thanks to the joint effort of paediatricians, gynaecologists and paediatric surgeons - and Emilia's incredible spirit.
They said: "Even children with a birth weight of 14 ounces rarely survive. We have to thank Emilia as well for their own survival. "She is a little fighter."
There were many difficult days and many tears, but they clearly wanted to survive Sabine, Emilia's mum
At the beginning of the 26th week of pregnancy Dr Sven Schiermeier, chief physician of obstetrics, decided together with the parents to deliver Emilia by C-section.
They warned a failure to do so would have resulted in Emilia dying in the womb, because the placenta was not providing them with enough nutrition.
For comparison, Dr Schiermeier explained that a foetus typically in the 26th week of pregnancy should weigh around 21 ounces.
For parents Lukas, 34, and Sabine Grabarczy, 30, there was no question as to whether they would give their daughter a chance, even in the face of such dire survival odds.
CEN 2 Now, at the age of nine months, the "little fighter" weighs 106 ounces and is getting stronger every day
Following their birth, the couple faced an agonising time, waiting to see if their tiny daughter would build them strength.
As a result of their premature birth, Emilia was at risk of behavioural and learning difficulties.
Yet, Dr Gharavi said thankfully there was no sign of any serious disability.
They said: "For more than six months, it was unclear whether they would survive. Only in recent weeks they are getting more robust."
Emilia was initially fed with a tiny tube.
The doctors used a cotton bud soaked in sugar water to soothe them and relieve pains.
Baby Emilia even survived an abdominal surgery at a weight of just 12 ounces.
Them proud mother said: "There were many difficult days and many tears, but they clearly wanted to survive."
Little Emilia, who is now nine months old, currently weighs 106 ounces their physical condition is improving.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Should private equity shops be regulated by the SEC? Felix Salmon listens to a debate between two Democrats and comes away unimpressed with both of them:
The main reason for PE shops to be regulated, of course, has very little to do with fiduciary responsibility, and everything to do with the fact that leverage is a systemically-dangerous thing, and regulators need to know where it is and how it's being put to use. But it can be hard to explain systemic tail risk to the kind of people who only really understand the meaning of a pie chart when they bake an actual pie.
Precisely. In fact, I'd go further: even if it were true that private equity funds don't generally operate with abusive levels of leverage today, the fact remains that Wall Street boffins are always on the lookout for new ways to overleverage themselves. If banks and hedge funds are regulated but PE funds aren't, then eventually some bright boy will figure out a way to leverage a PE fund at 50:1 while still making it look like it's an ordinary equity shop with modest leverage. The only way to have even an outside chance of preventing this is to regulate any entity with a substantial amount of money — and that most definitely includes PE funds. If they keep their leverage modest, the regulation will be light and little harm is done. But if they start to go overboard because someone figures out a new angle that no one's ever thought of before — and you know someone will eventually — a regulator who's already familiar with the operation has at least a fighting chance of catching it before it blows up the world.
Leverage is like a termite infestation: it swarms anywhere there's food, but you hardly even notice it's there until things get out of hand and your house starts to fall down. Substitute “money” for “food” and “the entire global economy” for “your house,” and that's leverage. Constant vigilance is the only defense.
Having said that, though, I'd like to defend the practice of baking pies to understand the meaning of pie charts. It sounds like a delicious alternative to reading New York Times op-eds.
21 Flares Filament.io 21 Flares ×
On November 24 2012 it was exactly 21 years since Freddie Mercury passed away from AIDS, aged 45. However, their legacy still continues to inspire and thrill music lovers all over the world to such an extent that it seems like Mercury never really left the stage. The albums of Queen are still top sellers and the still untitled biopic produced by Robert De Niro with Sacha Baron Cohen starring as Freddie Mercury is set for release sometime in 2014, once again proving that Freddie Mercury certainly did something right in their lifetime.
(Images via Queen.)
As it Began
Stone Town in Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous province of Tanzania may be the last place in the world one would think a flamboyant British rock star could be born in, but it was where Freddie Mercury was born on September 5, 1946. Born as Farrokh Bulsara to a Parsi family, Freddie spent most of their childhood in Panchgani near Mumbai, India where they studied at St. Peter's School, a British-style boarding school for boys where they listened to the early rock and roll of the 1950s and played covers of Little Richard's and Elvis Presley's songs in a school band.
Following the violent 1964 Zanzibar Revolution, the Bulsara family fled to England for security reasons (his father worked as a cashier at the British Colonial Office) and Freddie began their studies of Art and Graphic Design at Ealing Art College in London, where they met Roger Taylor and Brian May and the line-up of Queen was almost complete.
Queen
Brian May and Roger Taylor had played in a band called ‘Smile' before they met Freddie Mercury. ‘Smile' was disbanding at the time Freddie came along and suggested they form a whole new band, with them as the lead singer. They suggested the name for the new band should be ‘Queen', and although Taylor and May were somewhat upset with the possible gay connotations, they agreed. When the young bass player John Deacon joined them, the greatest rock band in history was complete. It was at this time that Freddie changed their surname to Mercury, the ruling planet of Virgo, their zodiac sign.
Queen struggled to make a hit record during the early 1970s, and although their early albums, ‘Queen' (1973), ‘Queen II' (1974) and ‘Sheer Heart Attack' (1974) did spawn several notable singles and are now considered to be among the band's finest works, it wasn't until their fourth album, the 1975 ‘A Night at the Opera' and its extravagant single ‘Bohemian Rhapsody' that Queen became really big.
Freddie poured their love for opera, heavy rock and their Middle Eastern heritage into ‘Bohemian Rhapsody', the 6 minute rock operetta, the band's greatest commercial and critical success and now widely considered to be one of the greatest songs ever committed to tape.
In the following years, Queen released eleven more albums and were the undisputed rules of stadiums and concert halls all over the world throughout the 1970s and the 1980s, playing some of the biggest concerts the world had ever seen at the time. Freddie Mercury was considered to be the greatest living entertainer, equal only to Mick Jagger himself. Queen toured extensively until 1986 and their triumphant ‘Magic Tour', the last in Freddie's lifetime.
The Man
Although a flamboyant entertainer on stage, Freddie Mercury was actually extremely shy and almost notoriously unhappy person off stage. They never discussed their private life, remaining silent about their sexual orientation throughout their life and publicly announcing their illness less than a day before they died.
Mercury once said “I'm fortunate enough to be rich. Sometimes I believe the only bit of happiness I can create is with my money.” Perhaps being the lasting cultural influence and inspiration to millions around the world is another bit of happiness money can't buy.
Similar Posts:
Some of the most beloved films and television shows of the last 20 years are leaving Netflix in 10 days, including James Cameron's blockbuster Titantic and every season of 30 Rock.
The Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet film, which was released 20 years ago this December and won best picture at the 1998 Oscars, will depart Netflix on Oct. 1 — just months after arriving on the streaming service. Also leaving Netflix next month: Richard Curtis' holiday favorite Love Actually, Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, and the Coen brothers' Barton Fink.
Tina Fey's 30 Rock will also leave the streaming platform on Oct. 1, along with fellow NBC Universal fave Friday Night Lights plus Prison Break and The Wonder Years. Later in October, seasons 9 through 14 of Family Guy will vanish from Netflix too.
Fortunately, a few cool titles will be made available in October as well. But, until then, make sure to catch these shows and films before they're gone.
Leaving Oct. 1
30 Rock: Seasons 1 – 7
A Love in Times of Selfies
Across the Universe
Barton Fink
Bella
Big Daddy
Carousel
Cradle 2 the Grave
Crafting a Nation
Curious George: A Halloween Boo Fest
Daddy's Little Girls
Dark Was the Night
David Attenborough's Rise of the Animals: Triumph of the Vertebrates: Season 1
Day of the Kamikaze
Death Beach
Dowry Law
Dr. Dolittle: Tail to the Chief
Friday Night Lights: Seasons 1 – 5
Happy Feet
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison
Hellboy
Kagemusha
Laura
Love Actually
Malcolm in the Middle: Seasons 1 – 7
Max Dugan Returns
Millennium
Million Dollar Baby
Mortal Kombat
Mr. 3000
Mulholland Dr.
My Father the Hero
My Name Is Earl: Seasons 1 – 4
One Tree Hill: Seasons 1 – 9
Patton
Picture This
Prison Break: Seasons 1 – 4
The Bernie Mac Show: Seasons 1 – 5
The Shining
The Wonder Years: Seasons 1 – 6
Titanic
Leaving October 19
The Cleveland Show: Seasons 1 – 4
Leaving Oct. 21
Bones: Seasons 5 – 11
Leaving Oct. 27
Lie to Me: Seasons 2 – 3
Louie: Seasons 1 – 5
Hotel Transylvania 2
Leaving Oct. 29
Family Guy: Seasons 9 – 14
They died when I was five, and to this day I'm not sure if I really remember my great-grandfather or if the stories I've heard are so powerful that they've created the illusion of memory. Sometimes it's as if I was a ghost-child in my grandparents house in the months before I was born, because I seem to have vivid recollections of events I never could have witnessed.
And then there's the dog. My grandparents had a dog named Misty, and I'm almost certain they died before I was born, but I remember their dog breath and their wagging tail, and somehow I think it's those memories that set me on the path to being a Dog Person, and not a Cat Person, despite the fact that I'm a LEO (and I have the mane to prove it).
But when it comes to him, I remember them as impossibly old (though they were probably only in their eighties), impossibly tiny, with a small voice. They smelled like coffee and tobacco, and sadly, it wasn't the sweet scent of pipe tobacco, or the heady aroma of la gloria cubana cigars, but the stale, old smell of cigarettes – and American cigarettes at that. Note to all half-remembered old men: if you want your descendants to have fond memories of you, and you can't deal with a good pipe, at least choose a clove cigarette, or, failing that, smoke Gauloises. They still reek, but at least they have a literary cachet. Orwell and Fleming smoked them, and I think Fleming gave their own habit to that character they created…you might have heard of him…Bond, James Bond.
But anyway, I have this picture, scanned by my auntie, digitized and data-sampled and all that, and I love it, not because I have any close association with my great-grandfather (though, I see now that there's a definite THERE there in their eyes…) but because it seems so iconic…the ultimate little old Italian-American man picture.
And it tells a story, but I haven't yet figured out what the story is.
But I think it begins with, “We called them ‘Little Grandpop' when we talked about him.”
Related
Half-Remembered Names and Faces by Melissa Bartell is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
A technician prepares a Ukrainian MIG-29 fighter for takeoff in Vasylkiv, about 25 miles from Kiev, in August. (Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty Images)
Sophisticated foreign policy establishments have a purpose. To minimize unforeseen consequences of policies emanating from political leadership, policy experts “game” the implications of policy shifts — an analytic exercise involving the imagining of low-probability scenarios that could potentially produce dangerous outcomes.
With a fully staffed foreign policy team still in formation, here we do the stuff of policy analytics, mapping out “nightmare” scenarios that are hypothetical consequences of two of President Trump's foreign policy orientations: 1) deriding Mexico as an exporter of riffraff and as a country subsidized by NAFTA-protected consumer goods, and 2) recognition of Russia as a valued international partner, especially in the war on terrorism.
In each of our nightmare scenarios, we consider how Russian President Vladimir Putin might take advantage of events in other countries to undermine the cornerstone alliance of U.S. international security: NATO, the North American Treaty Organization.
We assume that Putin dreams of a reconstituted great power with a sphere of influence among the former Soviet states and allies. Putin has long opposed NATO's expansion into Russia's back yard, explicitly affirming that “the expansion of military alliances” threatens Russia's borders. In Putin's view, NATO's inclusion of former Soviet bloc nations such as Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic — as well as former Soviet republics such as Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania — challenges Russia's interests.
[Why back channels with Russia cost Michael Flynn their job]
Donald Trump's orientation toward Mexico and NATO brings several realistic opportunities for Putin to pursue their goal of neutralizing the perceived threat of an expanding West and regaining Soviet glory. Such opportunities for Russia, however, are threats to U.S. interests. Rather than leave these potential threats abstract, we've mapped out two resulting scenarios, which need to be considered as the costs and benefits of turning orientations into policy are calculated.
Nightmare Scenario #1: Neutering NATO with a new Cuban-style missile crisis
In this scenario, the struggling Mexican economy sets the stage for anti-U.S. sentiment among the Mexican electorate, and carries the left to victory in Mexico's 2018 elections. The election of Trump brought the Mexican economy into crisis, with a sharp drop in the peso after the U.S. election. Mexico's economic woes further hurt the chances of the unpopular party in power (the PRI) maintaining the presidency.
Enter Putin.
In November, Putin signed a security agreement with President Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua — an old Soviet ally during the Cold War. Back in the 1980s, the Reagan administration was concerned that such an alliance might lead to other alliances to the north, including Mexico. The great fear was that the Soviet Union could claim a presence on the U.S. border.
It's not obvious which of the remaining parties will win Mexico's 2018 presidential race — right-wing PAN, left-wing PRD or the new left-wing MORENA party. A PRD victory could open the door for Mexico to enter into a security agreement with Russia, similar to the one Putin recently signed with Nicaragua.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador, who formerly ran for president for the PRD and now leads MORENA, announced in the 2012 presidential race that they would reject U.S. intelligence, arms and money to deal with drug trafficking. On Feb. 12 of this year, López Obrador blasted Trump's immigration policies and the proposed wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, calling for a formal complaint to the United Nations of human rights violations.
Given the anti-Mexican rhetoric coming from Washington, it's not a wide stretch to imagine López Obrador or a similar candidate seeking to fill the gap of lost U.S. aid with aid from Russia. This aid would only heighten tensions between Mexico and the United States, which could lead Mexico to consider a security agreement with Russia.
A security pact with Mexico would give Putin considerable leverage over U.S. NATO policy. Putin could promise to match in Mexico any defensive missiles that NATO has in place in former Warsaw Pact countries.
A Russian-Mexican defensive pact could essentially neuter any plans for U.S. defensive missiles in the NATO countries of Eastern Europe. A weakened NATO could set the stage for more aggressive actions by Russia toward its neighbors. But there's a bigger nightmare. Russian implementation of such a pact could line up another direct nuclear confrontation — like those tense 13 days in October 1962.
Nightmare Scenario #2: Testing NATO Resolve
The key to the NATO agreement is Article 5, the principle of collective defense. An attack against one NATO ally is considered an attack against all allies. NATO exercises planned during the Obama administration are taking place at the Estonian/Russian border to demonstrate NATO solidarity. But Trump, in their public remarks, has made the commitment to collective defense ambiguous. Might Putin take this ambiguity as an invitation to test NATO's resolve?
[Worried about NATO? Here are 3 things to watch.]
Here's how this scenario plays out. Along lines suggested by journalist Uri Friedman in their interview with former NATO officer Richard Shirreff, suppose Putin sends out another handful of “little green men” — the nickname for the Russians deployed to Ukraine in 2014. This time, they head across the Narva River in the west of St. Petersburg oblast, into the town of Narva.
The majority of the population in this northeastern-most Estonian town is of Russian origin. They have integrated well into Estonian society and nearly all secondary students there are now studying in Estonian, a language in which their parents (born in Soviet Estonia) were mute.
Indeed, surveys reveal that local Russians largely disagree with Russian troops going into Estonia for the “protection of their compatriots.” Nonetheless, due to historical, geographical, media and linguistic connections, these Russian-Estonians have latent sympathies with the Russian Federation.
Suppose Putin's little green men create violent incidents in confrontations with the 5 percent of Narva's population that has Estonian cultural roots. Suppose further (perhaps due to the instructions provided to Putin's undercover agents) several young Russian Estonians are killed.
Would that justify Putin's use of the language of the U.N.'s Responsibility to Protect principles to send their regular troops into a NATO country to “protect” the Russian-Estonians from further violence? Would the local population stand firm as Estonians?
[Trump's national security adviser wants to water down U.S. NATO commitments. Here's what that means.]
More important, would NATO respond in full force in a land war against Russia to protect Estonia's territorial sovereignty? If not, well, NATO would essentially be obsolete, and NATO's collective security commitment would fall into desuetude. This would be a historic victory for Putin.
These two scenarios map out the ways in which Trump's anti-Mexican and anti-NATO statements have opened new potential avenues for Putin to achieve their goals at the expense of Western security.
David D. Laitin is the Watkins Professor of Political Science at Stanford University and co-author of “Why Muslim Integration Fails in Christian-heritage Societies.”
James Raymond Vreeland is a professor of international relations at Georgetown University and co-author of “The Political Economy of the United Nations Security Council.”
Lawmakers headed for the exits without passing legislation to provide a pathway to citizenship for immigrants brought to the U.S. without legal permission as children who are facing detention and deportation.
Despite mounting pressure from immigration activists and progressive groups in recent weeks, and a last-minute effort by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to urge their Senate colleagues to vote against a short-term spending bill, Congress voted to keep the government funded until Jan. 19.
Progressive groups focused their attention on allies in particular rather than dedicating more time on Republicans who either don't support fixing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program or are working in sync with the White House to get strong border security measures in exchange for providing so-called Dreamers permanent relief. Instead, progressives and immigration activists turned up the heat on Democrats, hopeful that it would generate action, and that lawmakers would take a stand before the end of the year rather than allow Republicans to punt the issue into 2018.
A number of Democrats, including Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Catherine Cortez Masto of Nevada, felt the heat. But it wasn't enough to block the spending bill; 17 Senate Democrats voted with Republicans. Within hours of the final vote, progressive groups put them, and the 13 House Democrats who supported the resolution, on notice.
Angel Padilla, policy director for progressive group Indivisible, said Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., should have publicly urged their caucus to vote against the continuing resolution to fund the government the way House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., did.
“She has kept their word; they have not,” Padilla said.
Immigration activists and progressive groups realized they needed to change their tactics and focus on the lawmakers they consider allies because they believed that would produce the most action, Padilla said. “We went after Democrats.”
“There's a long history of being disappointed on this issue with Democrats,” Padilla said, admitting that there are some concern Democrats won't lay it all on the line in January.
But they said Indivisible and the groups they are coordinating with aren't shying away any longer from demanding public commitments from lawmakers, tired of private promises that then fall through. “Anyone voting for this CR is voting for 4,000 Dreamers, DACA recipients, to lose their protections,” Padilla said.
Every day that a fix is not passed to help the 800,000 DACA recipients, 122 of them lose their work permits, meaning roughly 4,000 will lose protection and will be at risk of deportation between now and Jan. 19.
In the hours following the House and Senate votes to avert a shutdown, activists used the hashtag #DeportationCaucus on Twitter to hammer Democrats who voted for the measure. Tim Kaine, D-Va., who touted their Spanish-speaking credentials as a vice presidential candidate in 2016, got hit by progressives for backing the short-term measure, chiding them for “ flaunting” their relationship with Latinos.
To Dems & GOP party who voted to deport #Dreamers, know this: your days in Congress are numbered. #DreamActNow is inevitable & they will vote you out #TimeFlies — Marielena Hincapié (@MarielenaNILC) December 22, 2017
“Democrats and Republicans are going to continue to feel the heat come January as more people come to D.C.," said Lorella Praeli, director of immigration policy and campaigns for ACLU.
“I'm not praising Republicans or Democrats at a time when I have to look my sister in the eye and say, ‘Well, we've got to wait,'” said Praeli, whose sister is a DACA recipient. “We've grown up in this country, and this is about our lives.”
Praeli is optimistic Congress will pass a permanent fix in January despite the long road ahead.
“I'm clear on the power of this movement, on the power of the Dreamers who came to DC,” they said. “That does not mean there aren't people who have failed us today, and we have taken notice.”
Republicans will need Democratic help in January to pass the omnibus spending bill, and that's where Democrats can use their leverage. If Republicans want to raise defense spending caps and President Trump wants money for more technology at the border, then Democrats will demand a fix for Dreamers in exchange. But it won't be easy. Republicans have said they want money for the southern border wall and to limit family-based immigration; both are no-goes for Democrats.
Rep. Filemon Vela, D-Texas, isn't convinced lawmakers will help DACA recipients. They expressed frustration with Democratic leadership, arguing they should have pulled out all the stops before the end of the year.
Vela are preparing a letter with Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Texas, to Democratic leaders in the Senate, pressing them to reject any deal that would allow construction of a southern border wall. The letter, which will be released in the coming days, raises concerns over the environmental impact a wall would have on National Wildlife Refuges along the southern border.
Vela, Thompson, and other signees are sending the letter to Schumer and Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin, D-Ill. Vela aren't alone in their skepticism that a deal will be struck.
“I'm not overly optimistic,” said Rep. John Yarmuth, D-Ky., But they said there's been “significant progress” in both chambers on a potential deal. Yarmuth said a shutdown is a real possibility in January.
“We can't keep doing this forever,” Yarmuth said. “On Jan, 19, this whole March bullshit – excuse me – about DACA just won't fly. I don't think [Republicans] can afford to alienate the entire Hispanic world in an election year.”
About
Risks and challenges
We have already developed and produced 300 "Beta" decks of our game and have sent these to various media outlets and beta testers. We have our full edition waiting to be printed and shipped.
Production of the game is very straight forward; it's just a card game, so other than building the box it's a relatively easy. The biggest challenge for us would actually be if you blow us out of the water. We're already working with our production company so matter how many people pledge, everyone gets their Socially Hacked quickly after the campaign ends. None of us want this to be a campaign where you spend the next two years getting fifty emails about production updates and delays. If you back this project, we want to be sure you can start hacking your friends as soon as possible. We're keeping it as simple as possible; support our project and in return we'll send you the playable game.
With your support, we plan on shipping the full version in October of this year. Also, since the decks won't be coming to us on a slow boat from China but rather from the good 'ol U.S. of A., we are pretty confident we can meet that goal!!!
*Note: Extra shipping charges may apply to certain countries.
Jose Mourinho insists Manchester City have been handed an advantage over Manchester United by the festive fixture schedule.
United are in the middle of a run of four games in 10 days over Christmas and new year and have just six rest days between Dec. 23 and Jan. 1.
Mourinho's team trained at Old Trafford on Christmas Day to prepare for Burnley's visit on Boxing Day. City, meanwhile, have seven days rest over the same period and face Newcastle on Wednesday rather than on Boxing Day.
"I'm not just talking about the privileged runs with six days to recover and enjoy and to prepare but ones with a little bit more than us," Mourinho told Sky Sports. "For example the ones with a little bit more rest, like one day day.
"The extra day means a lot because it means they aren't working [on Christmas Day], means they can be back to work [on Tuesday] and be ready for the next day. The problem I see here is the difference between some teams."
United fell 13 points behind City in the title race following their 2-2 draw with Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. But Mourinho insists they will settle for a repeat performance against Burnley as long as their forwards are more clinical.
Anthony Martial, Jesse Lingard and Marcus Rashford all missed good chances against Leicester, allowing Harry Maguire to snatch an equaliser in stoppage time.
"I hope we play so well as we did against Leicester because in 10 matches we play so well and create so many chances as we did, in nine matches we would win three or 4-0," Mourinho added. "In one match what happened was what we call unpredictable football.
"That happened to us but I don't think it happens many times when we play so well. In this case we played so well and so creative and create so many chances, but of course in football you have to score the goals and take the chances."
Mourinho is set to again be without Eric Bailly, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick against Burnley, while Chris Smalling is an injury doubt after picking up a groin problem against Leicester.
Prashant Mukherjee By
In a mood to down beer? There's plenty of choice. From light Kingfisher Ultra to bitter-sweet Carlsberg Pilsner to the full-bodied Stella Artois. For those looking for more exotic brews, there's London Pride, a smooth dark amber ale, or the creamy Belgian wheat beer Hoegarden and dry beer Asahi—all available in stores across the country.
But if it's freshly brewed, off-the-tap beer that you seek, you have to head to Bengaluru in the south, Mumbai and Pune in the west or Gurgaon in the north. These are the only places that offer craft beer at the moment, but that should change soon. “The market for microbreweries is developing. Currently, only four to five states have allowed microbreweries. But with more consumers travelling globally and gaining exposure to other beers, the market is going to change,” says Sagar Amol Powale, master brewer at 7 Degrees Brauhaus, a microbrewery in Gurgaon that competes with some 14 other players in the area.
A micro or craft brewery is one that produces small amounts of freshly brewed beer. The ingredients are same as bottled beer—malts, water, hops and yeast; there's no glycerine. But unlike traditional beer, which takes over five days to produce, craft beer takes six to seven hours to make, and is neither bottled nor stored. “We brew our beer using the latest technology from Caspary GmbH, Germany. We also follow German Purity Law of making beer with quality malts, water, hops and yeast,” says RN Rathi, promoter, 7 Degrees Brauhaus. Adds Manaswi Singh, manager of Gurgaon's Manhattan Craft Brewery: “Beer-making is based on 80 per cent hygiene and 20 per cent brewing. We provide low-alcohol, freshly crafted beer, which youngsters can enjoy without glycerine content.”
The regular beer industry runs to over Rs 24,000 crore and has over 85 large breweries. South India is a dominant market, contributing 50 per cent of total beer sales. Tamil Nadu, AP, Telangana, Karnataka and Maharashtra drive 55 per cent of sales by volume. In comparison, the microbrewery market, with around 45 players, stands at an insignificant Rs 225 crore. But research firm TechNavio says it will cross Rs 50,000 crore by 2018.
The large brewers are unperturbed. There are multiple reasons for that. One, craft beer is far more expensive than regular beer and, hence, is drunk by only a niche audience. A 330-ml can of Kingfisher Premier lager, for instance, costs Rs 55 in Delhi while the starting price of a 300-ml of craft beer in adjoining Gurgaon is Rs 200. Two, as Ankur Bisen, senior vice-president at Technopak Advisors, says, “Overseas, people drink beer for refreshment. Here, it is consumed to get a high. That is why you see stronger beers performing better in Indian markets.” Thirdly, the Indian market is big enough to absorb all kinds of players. “Over 1.74 million people reach drinking age each year. That's a large enough market for everyone to address,” says Harmanpreet Singh, general manager, United Breweries Ltd. The firm sells beer under the Kingfisher brand and operates multiple units, each producing over 18 million cases a year or 7,20,000 bottles a day. That is half an entry-level microbrewery's annual production.
Still, the established players are encouraging. Shalabh Seth, managing director, SABMiller India, says, “The emergence of microbreweries is good news for the category as it will add diversity to the world of beer, a low-alcohol beverage. More legal drinking age consumers will have the possibility to experiment with new types and styles of beers.”
Sensing the demand, the Delhi government has decided to allow microbreweries in the National Capital Region (NCR). “We had allowed microbreweries at the airport a couple of years ago. But, the concept didn't take off. With the increase in disposable income and lifestyle changes, we have now extended the facility in the NCR where there are quite a few restaurants and pubs,” says Neeraj Semwal, excise commissioner, Government of Delhi.
Newly formed Telangana too plans to give permission to microbreweries soon. “It (micro breweries) is under active consideration of the government and soon we will come out with a plan, once the policy is decided. The government is favourably inclined to introduce them here,” says RV Chandravadan, commissioner, Department of Prohibition and Excise, Government of Telangana.
According to him, there will be huge demand for craft beer in Hyderabad. They may be right. Telangana is one of the largest beer-producing states in the country and boasts of six large breweries, including United Breweries, Carlsberg and SABMiller. As many as 6,500 lakh cases of beer are sold every year and beer contributes 30 per cent of the state's revenue. In fact, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh together account for 31 per cent of the country's total beer consumption.
In West Bengal, surprisingly, the government has already “approved” the setting up of micro-breweries but there are no takers. Balbeer Singh Malhotra, chief executive officer of Brew Force, a company setting up large and micro-breweries in India, says, “There are two major issues in West Bengal. One, there is no adequate space for setting up a microbrewery. Second, and most important point, is that the government says first you set up the microbrewery and after six months to one year, we will provide you with the licence. No one is interested in paying rent for a space that doesn't generate revenue or wants to be involved in that kind of risk for so long. Hence, no takers.”
Having said that, setting up a microbrewery is far cheaper than a regular brewery. While licences for large breweries cost upwards of Rs 50 crore, the small breweries cost between Rs 1.5 crore and Rs 6 crore to set up. “A German microbrewery setup of 10 hL plant (1000 l) will cost you about Rs 4.5 crore while a Chinese microbrewery will cost Rs 1.5 crore. The returns of the company depend upon the working and planning of the brewery. It takes seven hours to brew each variety of beer using imported ingredients,” explains 7 Degrees Brauhaus' Rathi.
Hygiene plays an important role at microbreweries, as bacteria can infect tap lines if not maintained well and cause rancid aromas to creep into the craft beer. But with that under control, and given urban India's changing lifestyle preferences, the cheers for craft beer are set to get louder and clearer.
April 3, 2014
Since January of this year, pro- and anti-Assad forces have reached a series of tenuous ceasefire agreements in neighborhoods in and around the Syrian capital, with opposition fighters agreeing to surrender their weapons in exchange for government pledges to ease suffocating blockades around rebel-held areas. Most such truces have been observed half-heartedly at best, with regime and opposition forces in areas such as Yarmouk and Moadimiyet a-Sham accusing one another of violating the terms of their respective agreements.
An international aid convoy delivered aid to Barzeh in February.
The exception to this trend is the multi-religious neighborhood of Barzeh, roughly 7 kilometers northeast of Damascus, where a January ceasefire effectively put a stop to more than a year of bombardment that displaced large cross-sections of the population while reducing wide swathes of the neighborhood to rubble. The regime hopes that calm in Barzeh will allow it to protect a key military hospital and two Alawite-heavy neighborhoods adjacent to it.
“Life in the neighborhood has returned to normal,” says Waseem Mahmoud, a 25-year-old opposition activist based in Barzeh. They tell Syria Direct's Firas Abd that Barzeh's truce has held because “because of the long planning that went into it.”
Q: What can you tell us about conditions in Barzeh since the ceasefire was signed?
Life in the neighborhood has returned to normal since the ceasefire took effect. Shelling and all sorts of military operations have stopped, and the electricity, water and communications networks are back. People have started returning to the homes that they left.
Q: What are the conditions that have allowed Barzeh's truce to succeed?
It has succeeded because of the long planning that went into it—the government had been designing this ceasefire for more than five months. Also, most of the opposition forces present here are natives of the area. Neither side has violated any condition of the agreement.
Q: Can you elaborate on why you think neither side has violated the truce?
The opposition has been left with no other choice. Support for Barzeh has essentially vanished, whether medically, militarily or in terms of food, and the media center there is extremely weak—it can't convey the reality there, the magnitude of the destruction. The intense siege left them with no choice but to accept reconciliation and abide by it.
As for the regime, the first point is that in Barzeh, like all other areas, the regime wants to relieve itself of an active front while also presenting itself in a positive light in front of the international community. The second and more important point is that the regime wants to secure the Tishreen military hospital, which is considered the most important military medical installation in the region, and which rebels have exhausted with continuous attacks.
It also wants to secure the routes to Dahiyat al-Assad and Esh al-Worour, which are of great importance to the regime because they're completely loyal to Damascus and because most of their residents are Alawites. It also has officers' quarters.
Q: What are residents' priorities as they return to Barzeh?
The neighborhood has been subjected to massive destruction over the past year—there's no street or home that hasn't been shelled. So most people are repairing or rebuilding their homes.
Q: Barzeh was surrounded by a complete blockade for months—how would you describe the neighborhood's markets and the essential goods available before and after the truce?
Before the truce, Barzeh's markets had nothing in the way of construction materials, medical supplies or even essential food and drink due to the regime siege. Since the truce, regime checkpoints have allowed people and all sorts of goods to enter the neighborhood. Shops have reopened and almost all goods are available.
Q: How was the truce coordinated between the two sides?
In terms of the checkpoints—opposition forces control the inside of the neighborhood, the regime has set up checkpoints along the borders, and the reconciliation committees have checkpoints in between them.
As for security issues, there was an agreement to grant residents inside Barzeh a general amnesty and free prisoners held by the regime, while opposition groups pledged not to attack anyone from the regime forces.
For more from Syria Direct, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
Toronto city council passed two emergency bylaws on Wednesday that prevent the sale of a longtime film studio to businesses not involved in the film industry for up to a year. The decision, the city says, is meant to protect an industry that contributes $2 billion to the local economy.
The city is also considering buying the plot of land Showline Studios currently sits on.
"We can't afford to lose any square footage for our film studios, our film industry — and to lose production to other places," said Coun. Paula Fletcher, who spearheaded the bylaws with Coun. David Shiner.
Showline Studios had been operating in the Port Lands for years and has been sold to an anonymous buyer. CBC News contacted Showline for comment but was refused details on when the sale happened or who the buyer is.
Coun. Paula Fletcher helped push emergency bylaws through that temporarily prevents the sale and development of Showline Studios into big-box stores. (Rob Krbavac/CBC News)
Fletcher, who sits on the Toronto Film, Television and Digital Media Board, said production companies have received one-month notices to leave the studio. They believe the new buyers are "big box stores or an auto mall."
The emergency bylaws state the land can't be developed for those uses.
Fletcher said the estimated cost of the land is "confidential," and said the city treasurer will study the area and report back on the possibility of the city buying the land altogether.
Keeping 'Hollywood North'
Members of Toronto's film industry, such as Jonathan Ahee, president of Unifor Nabet 700-M — the union for film technicians — has called on the city to intervene in the sale to preserve so-called "Hollywood North."
Ahee said losing the studio would be "devastating to the industry because the mayor has been committed and said they want to encourage an expansion beyond the $2.1 billion mark that we hit."
"In order to do that, you need to have an expansion of studio space, not a contraction of it."
TIFF is but one part of the city's burgeoning $2 billion film industry. (Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Mayor John Tory has described the film industry as a "major economic driver," an employer of thousands of people and one of the city's three biggest money-makers in addition to food and finance.
Jim Mirkopoulos, owner of Cinespace Studios, has done their part to grow the industry over the years. During the Toronto International Film Festival, they announced the company was planning to open two new film studios in Etobicoke.
Despite their vested interest in keeping the film industry in Toronto, Mirkopoulos said he's surprised by the city's intervention in the sale of the property.
Jim Mirkopoulos, owner of Cinespace Studios, wants the city to continue supporting infrastructure for the film industry. (Rob Krbavac/CBC News)
"Surprised but pleasantly surprised...it's great that [the city] has taken these steps to be very proactive to help our city's infrastructure stay strong."
Mirkopoulos added that while Toronto's film industry continues to grow, it's not a given that production companies will want to continue making films and television shows if the city doesn't continue to invest.
"This is a $2 billion dollar industry," they said. "And if you're actively invested in it, then you have to take in stride when the city makes the decision to preserve infrastructure."
With files from CBC Toronto's Shannon Martin and Adrian Cheung
Formatting may be lacking as a result. If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it.
Posted on April 1, 2008, Jon Soucy Xbox Moron Covered on Fox News
Ah, this story just gets more and more hilarious. Odds are you've heard the tale of the Xbox burglar who was dealt a solid hand of internet justice after the console's rightful owner, Jesse McPherson, posted the culprit's Xbox Live Gamertag online. The ensuing harassment from the internet community eventually prompted the kid to return the ill-gotten system. If you haven't heard the story yet, well then Philadelphia's local Fox News recently ran a segment on it, which you can view above. For some reason, it always warms my heart a little when tales of the internet community putting their collective efforts to good use are picked up by the mainstream media. Also it's kind of funny to hear a TV news reporter refer to the kid as a “wise ass.”
Via McFearsome
Press secretary Sean Spicer proceeded to make no fewer than four inaccurate claims in five minutes and 30 seconds of speaking, took no questions and left. | AP Photo Sean Spicer told at least 5 untruths in 5 minutes
In their first post-inauguration news conference Saturday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer immediately accused reporters of making inaccurate claims.
They then proceeded to make no fewer than four inaccurate claims in five minutes and 30 seconds of speaking, took no questions, and left.
Here they are.
1. "This was the first time in our nation's history that floor coverings have been used to protect the grass on the Mall. That had the effect of highlighting any areas where people were not standing, while in years past the grass eliminated this visual."
Actually, 2013 was the first time a special floor covering was installed to protect the grass on the National Mall. The Washington Post reported shortly before the second Obama inauguration that officials placed “several acres of a special plastic flooring.”
Getty Images includes in its archives an image of workers laying the flooring just ahead of Obama's swearing-in that year. And other reporters dredged up their own photos from 2013 that revealed the protective covering.
2. "All of this space [from Trump's platform to the Washington Monument] was full when the president took the Oath of Office."
This photograph , taken during Trump's inaugural address and published by CNN, shows considerable crowd gaps between the Capitol and the Washington Monument on the National Mall. To believe the area was full when Trump took the oath, one would have to believe the watchers left en masse in the minutes between the oath and the speech.
3. "We know that 420,000 people used the D.C. Metro public transit yesterday, which actually compares to 317,000 that used it for President Obama's last inaugural."
On Friday, the D.C. Metro published ridership statistics for the past four inauguration days. The figures go up until 11 a.m., presumably on the assumption that riders using the system after that are unlikely to be attending the noon-time ceremony.
Spicer is correct that, per Metro, there were 317,000 trips taken before 11 a.m. in 2013, “President Obama's last inaugural.” But by that metric, the 2017 figure would be 193,000 — less than half of the 420,000 Spicer claimed.
In terms of full-day ridership, Metro told The Washington Post that riders took 570,557 trips Friday. But by that metric, Spicer is wrong about Inauguration Day 2013, when there were 782,000 trips taken. On Inauguration Day 2009, per the Post , that figure hit 1.1 million.
4. "This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration — period — both in person and around the globe."
While the new administration disputes the count, the visual evidence from overhead photography is overwhelming: Far more people stood on the Mall and witnessed Obama's inauguration in 2009 than Trump's inauguration on Friday.
The global viewing audience is nearly impossible to calculate, but at least four previous presidents drew bigger domestic TV audiences than Trump. According to Nielsen ratings , 30.6 million viewers tuned in across 12 networks to watch Trump's inauguration. That falls well short of the 41.8 million viewers who watched Ronald Reagan's 1981 inauguration, the 37.7 million who watched Obama's 2009 inauguration, the 34.1 million who watched Jimmy Carter's 1977 inauguration and the 33 million who watched Richard Nixon's 1973 inauguration.
Millions of viewers also tuned in for livestreams of Trump's inauguration, and CNN says that there were 16.9 million livestreams on its site and apps across the day. But Obama's 2009 inauguration drew then-record online audiences, with CNN reporting more than 25 million livestreams across the day — and so much demand during Obama's speech that many viewers were shunted to online waiting rooms.
Update: Spicer's fifth falsehood was confirmed by multiple sources Saturday evening and Sunday morning.
5. "This was also the first time that fencing and magnetometers went as far back on the Mall, preventing hundreds of thousands of people from being able to access the Mall as quickly as they had in inaugurations past."
Spicer said enhanced security techniques had delayed inauguration attendees from taking their places as early as they had in years past. But the U.S. Secret Service told The New York Times that security measures were largely unchanged. CNN reporter Robert Acosta tweeted that the Secret Service told them they were not — contrary to what Spicer said — using magnetometers.
There are two kinds of college football rivalries.
Some — like Michigan-Ohio State, Alabama-Auburn, and Clemson-South Carolina — pair fan bases that already have a lot more in common than they tend to admit.
And some — like Mississippi State-Ole Miss, Georgia-Georgia Tech, and Notre Dame-USC — bring together people who often really do have very little in common on the surface.
One extreme example of the latter: Washington-Washington State.
When one is making a first trip into the Palouse country, it might be easy to ask out loud, ‘Where is everybody?' Especially if you come from an urban region, and out here in the rolling wheatland, it's different. The air's sweet, you can hear the bird's song, and the natural process includes all four season with gusto. You find Washington State University on a collection of hills, adjacent to the town of Pullman, and in the eyes of an old alumnus, it is still a happy find, for one who came from afar and who stayed long enough to have a life picked. And once in a while, the WSU Cougars sit on top of the Pac-10 Conference football standings in November.
On the Saturday after Thanksgiving, Seattle hosts the Apple Cup, the annual matchup between the Washington Huskies and the Cougars that began in 1900 and has been played continuously for the last 62 years. It's a series that captivates a state, divides households, and causes spontaneous chants with team names and four-letter words.
For the state of Washington, Apple Cup weekend is a special time, but to an outsider, it's a lot like Pullman: distant, isolated, and just a tad bit confusing.
To understand the Apple Cup, start in Seattle.
Just north of the city proper, nestled between Lake Washington and Lake Union, you'll find UW. It sits in the middle of the state's largest city, boasting a premier medical school, a massive research apparatus and budget, and a strong business school.
You'll find Husky Stadium along the shores of Lake Washington, just down the hill from the main campus. You can tailgate on a boat before docking and heading into the game. The views are some of the best in college football.
As you leave Seattle and head east on Interstate 90, cutting through the Cascade Mountains, you'll notice the scenery changing. The range, which extends from Canada to California, serves as a natural dividing line in the state: East and west; rainy and arid; urban and rural; Huskies and Cougars. There's a tension between the two sides of the state in politics, environment, and lifestyle.
And when you compare Pullman and Seattle, it's clear what makes the rivalry tick.
WSU feels like an accident, set in the middle of farms and wheat fields and protected by the speed trap that is Colfax. Washington State students and alumni take pride in the isolation of Pullman and wear it like a badge of honor.
That isolation creates a bond between the city and its temporary residents, hardening the alumni connection. Ask a Washington State graduate how it feels to return to Pullman, and they'll describe cresting the hill leading into town after a long time away.
It's something you don't quite get at the University of Washington, where the school is just a blip on the map, buried in a sea of skyscrapers. It's easy to sneak off into the city on weekends or head back to a childhood home. In Pullman, you're trapped, an hour and a half from civilization and with nothing to do but bond and drink. That bond sticks, and if you need proof, walk through an airport — any airport — with Washington State gear on.
You see the differences show up in the Apple Cup rivalry and the taunts that go back and forth.
Cougs call Huskies sidewalk fans, testing their allegiances by asking, “Where did you actually go to school?” Huskies fire back by calling Cougs little brother, looking down their noses and wondering who would ever go to Pullman.
These aren't hypothetical experiences, either. Washington State leans on the Seattle area for enrollment, and another common Washington taunt is, “You couldn't get into our school, so you went to Wazzu.” Graduates then empty back out to the west side of the state to go to work, folding right back into the sea of purple, gold, crimson, and gray.
The rivalry bleeds into home lives and family, work and friendships. If Washington State gets knocked off by an FCS school to open the season, Washington fans will remind them. Lose the Apple Cup, and that sting won't go away for a year.
And for a week in November every year, the Apple Cup consumes the state.
What's crazy about it is that it's not as though it's a great or competitive series: Washington owns a 71-32-6 all-time record, and last year's matchup was only the second time both teams came into the game with each playing for the same title. The last time before that was in 1936.*
*1981 was close, but Washington needed help from USC in a game that kicked off around the same time as the Apple Cup. They got that help, and ended up in the Rose Bowl with a win.
Washington fans have an expectation that their team is always inches from a Return To Glory. They brand this, and the marketing works. A summer tradition for the last 15 years has been watching as Washington fans hype the team up, only to watch it fall apart in September. Washington State fans skip the hype and go straight to the face-planting.
Because the Apple Cup has been lopsided, it thrives on moments, upsets, chaos and, for Washington State, the hope that those bring. Stretched out over the course of the series, these don't look like much on paper. But for the Cougs, they're everything.
There's one more thing to understand about Coug fans, and what happens when the team turns a corner and starts to look good, like it has in 2016.
The video at the top is a highlight clip of the 2002 Washington State season. It was the midpoint in the best run in Cougar history, a string of three consecutive 10-win seasons that included trips to the Rose Bowl and Holiday Bowl.
What the video doesn't tell you is how 2002 ended.
Washington State came into the Apple Cup ranked third in the country, needing a win to clinch the Pac-10 championship and a trip to the Rose Bowl. In the fourth quarter, quarterback Jason Gesser went down with an ankle injury, and the game stretched into three overtimes. Down three and with a chance to tie or win, backup quarterback Matt Kegel threw a bubble screen on first down that was tipped and nearly intercepted before squirting out onto the turf. Officials ruled it a backwards pass that had been recovered by Washington, and the underdog Huskies knocked off the Cougars.
Martin Stadium devolved into chaos as fans threw anything nearby onto the field. This included empty glass alcohol bottles, aimed at players, coaches, and even the Washington athletic director. (Sodas have been served without caps in the stadium since, making them harder to use as projectiles.)
The Cougars recovered from the loss, and Gesser from their ankle injury, to beat UCLA two weeks later in a rare post-Apple Cup game and earn a trip to the Rose Bowl. And 10 days after that, head coach Mike Price left Pullman for a brief stint at Alabama.
Washington State came into all three Apple Cups during their run of 10-win seasons ranked in the top-10. They went 0-3 against Washington during that period, and the best coach they've ever had left in the middle of it.
After finishing Thanksgiving with family, thousands of fans will filter across Washington for an annual tradition.
The state will stop for three and a half hours as the Huskies and Cougars play an Apple Cup with bragging rights and a division title on the line. At the end of it all, everyone will make the drive home, emptying out into cities across the state. That drive is lonely for the loser, knowing what's looming on the other side.
Because in the end, the schools sit at opposite ends of Washington with polar opposite surroundings, but the people intermingle everywhere in between. The state bonds over the Apple Cup, and has for over 100 years. It's a rivalry between friends and neighbors, coworkers and family, people you see and talk to everyday. And those people will remind you of one big difference every year: the score of the Apple Cup.
We have a growing number of devices, but they don't work together as well as they could.
A typical evening at my house includes at least four screens of various sizes scattered around the living room: a TV, a laptop, an iPad, and an iPhone, plus the occasional smartwatch or any other gadget I might be testing. For the most part, each operates on its own, though they share a lot of the same apps and services.
Spread out: Conductr wants to allow developers to build applications that can automatically reconfigure themselves across multiple screens.
Robert Levy hates this. He's the chief technology officer for a startup called Conductr, which is building a Web-based platform to let developers create apps that can spread out across multiple devices, automatically determining what parts of the app to feed to which display at any time. Levy thinks this could be useful in any environment in which you have several displays. If the approach takes off, it could also inspire entirely new ways of designing apps.
This kind of multiscreen scenario is becoming increasingly common. Already, smartphones are dominant in cell-phone sales, tablets are de rigueur, and wearable gadgets like smartwatches and head-worn computers are tiptoeing toward the mainstream.
Yet while there are already a few ways to share applications among different gadgets, like using your iPhone to control iPad games or receiving smartphone updates on a smartwatch, these are limited because it's difficult to get devices that run on different operating systems to play nicely with each other. Additionally, some operating systems, like Android, are extremely fragmented within their own universe, as different devices run different versions of the OS.
“The problem we see right now is these devices don't really collaborate with each other,” Levy says.
Conductr lets developers set rules within apps that allow them to work effectively across several devices at once. For instance, within a video-streaming app, the video-watching component might be set to stick with your biggest display, like a laptop or a tablet, while a list of related videos would show up on your smartphone and a remote control would land on your smartwatch. Any time you started using the same app on an additional device, Conductr would automatically reconfigure the different pieces of the app, Levy says.
Conductr builds on the work of Daniel Wigdor, an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Toronto who studies multidevice interaction and who is also Conductr's science advisor. He's the co-author of three different papers on the topic of gadgets working together, all of which are echoed in Conductr's work and will be presented at the ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems in Toronto in late April.
Wigdor thinks of complementary interactions between gadgets as a “symphony of devices,” where software allowing them to work together can bring them into harmony. “It's like apps are running in the cloud and screens are things you look through to see a portion of the application,” they say.
Levy says a developer would use Conductr's software development kit to enable an app to communicate with Conductr over the Internet. Each gadget running that app would report to Conductr, letting it know, say, how big its screen is, what types of inputs it supports, its orientation, and its operating system. Conductr's algorithms would then determine which features of that app should run on it. If one device is turned off or otherwise disconnected, Conductr would just reshuffle the app's features among the remaining devices.
Levy demonstrates this in a video of a live demo posted on Conductr's site. It shows how the company's technology can run a simple PowerPoint-like application across several devices at once. Levy starts off using the application on just a laptop computer, showing a main slide, a slide list in a sidebar on the right side of the screen, a timer, and some speaker notes. When they sign in on the same app on an Android smartphone, all pieces of the app but the main slide disappear from the laptop and reappear on the smartphone's display. They add a Pebble smartwatch and it grabs the timer function, and then they put on a Google Glass which snags the speaker notes so they can see them on its above-eye projected display. Each of the devices can also act as a remote control for the slides. In the video, at least, the latency appeared to be quite low.
“It's pretty freaking cool the first time you actually see Google Glass do something useful,” Levy says. “It extends your experience instead of trying to distract you from it.”
Conductr is still far from your living room—or anywhere else. While the demo is fully functional and Conductr's team is working on another app designed specifically for gaming, Conductr is not yet available for developers and Levy won't say when that will happen.
Niklas Elmqvist, an assistant professor at Purdue University who studies human-computer interaction and information visualization, is hopeful that these kinds of user experiences will be possible in the next few years, though. Elmqvist and other researchers are working on a somewhat similar project called PolyChrome.
“People have smartphones, they have tablets, there are displays everywhere, you might start getting Google Glass, and smartwatches too,” they say. “Most of the time these devices are designed for being worked on in isolation, essentially. It doesn't really make sense to do that.”
The great irony about bringing a new life into this world is you start worrying a lot more about death. Not just that of the family members you must provide for and protect, but your own, as well. Plain and simple, the first rule of parenting is: don't die. When entrusted with the immense obligation of caring for a child, even the youngest of new parents become exceedingly conscious of their own mortality and survival instincts. Behaviors once taken for granted—like, say, air travel or cycling alongside cars on city streets—start to feel more like roulette games wagered with your life; once-considered activities like bungee jumping and skydiving get transferred from your bucket list to a "fuck that" list.
You could hear that sort of uneasiness gradually seep into the seemingly serene work of Noah Lennox—a.k.a. Panda Bear—over the past decade, both without and within Animal Collective. As the first A.C. member to become a parent, Lennox has become increasingly fond of rooting their boundless sonic exploration in meditations on home life, whether cheekily celebrating the drudgery of domesticity ("Chores"), eulogizing the family dog ("Derek"), making heartfelt affirmations of paternal duty ("My Girls"), or openly fretting over their shortcomings as a breadwinner (“Alsatian Darn”). And though he's avoided explicitly ecclesiastical language in their solo work since writing 2004's psych-folk hymnal Young Prayer for their late father, each Panda Bear record released since has retained the form and feel of a communal church service: They welcome us in with reassuring proverbs ("try to remember always, always to have a good time") couched in heaven-sent harmonies, provide a sense comfort in the face of encroaching chaos, and strive to connect our physical world to a more celestial plane. And be it the psychedelic pop sprawl of 2007's Person Pitch or the dub-like lurch of 2011's Tomboy, a Panda Bear record ultimately requires a test of faith, a belief that Lennox's beaming voice will guide us safely through the dense, phantasmagoric fog that threatens to consume it. In Lennox's cathedral of sound, you can always see the stormy skies creeping in view through the radiant stained-glass windows.
On their latest venture, the tension between inner peace and external pressure reaches boss-battle proportions. Lifting its main-event billing from old King Tubby records, Panda Bear Meets the Grim Reaper serves a similar function for its creator as Slasher Flicks did for Avey Tare—it's a playful, fantastical response to some serious life changes. In Portner's case, it was divorce and strep throat; for Lennox, it's the entry into middle age and the substantial familial responsibilities that go with it. In a recent Rolling Stone interview, Lennox pondered the possibility of retiring the Panda Bear moniker, which makes sense—part of getting older is doing away with your old college nicknames. But if that is indeed the case, Panda Bear is not going down without a fight.
More streamlined than Person Pitch and more rhythmically robust than Tomboy, Grim Reaper is Panda Bear's toughest, grimiest, and funkiest album to date. But all that extra grit and groove doesn't come at the expense Lennox's unmistakable melodic graces, which still provide each song with its pulse. As to be expected from an album co-produced with Tomboy holdover Pete Kember (a.k.a. Sonic Boom of '80s psych-punk patriarchs the Spacemen 3) and reportedly inspired by classic '90s boom-bap beat construction, Grim Reaper achieves just the right balance of skull-splitting drone and head-noddin' drive. In contrast to the unpredictably amorphous song structures that defined previous Panda Bear records, many of the songs on Grim Reaper lock into a looped beat and rarely waver course. However, they're often prefaced by or dissolve into ominous, buzzing oscillations (some of which, like the half-minute "Davy Jones' Locker", are portioned off into stand-alone tracks) that suggest the onset of a panic attack or some shadowy predator. As such, the midnight-marauding march of lead single "Mr Noah" and electro-fuzzed yodeling of "Boys Latin" are transformed into weapons of retaliation—a strobe-lit assault on the encroaching bleakness. "Dark cloud has descended again," Lennox sings on the chorus of the latter song, but their elated vocal thrusts the black mass back up into the stratosphere.
Lennox told Pitchfork last fall that, despite all the personal rumination that inspired Grim Reaper, they wanted to keep their lyrics purposefully non-specific and relatable. But for all its booming breaks and future-shocked freneticism, Grim Reaper—like all Panda Bear records—remains a highly insular experience, one where it often sounds as if Lennox is speaking into a mirror. "So good, you've got it so good," they sing overtop the blissed-out shuffle of "Crosswords"—a simple statement of fact from a happily married father of two who lives in a cosmopolitan coastal European city in between sold-out tours. But their wistful delivery betrays the fear of losing it all. And Lennox spends much of the seven-minute "Come to Your Senses" repeating a question ("Are you mad?") for which there is only one logical answer ("Yeah, I'm mad"), as the song's shantytown acid-house throb mediates between serenity and insanity. A sobering aftershock arrives in the form of late-album wake-up call "Selfish Gene"—a sort-of post-rave "That's Not Me"—where the incessant synth-jabs provide Lennox with needling reminders of their family-man mission ("When it comes to fill those spaces/ Only you can fill those spaces").
Taken as a whole, Grim Reaper feels like a gradual process of Lennox trying to tune out the extraneous noise of modern life and focus on what's truly important to him. And it's an evolution mirrored by the album's sequence, which bookends the most boisterous, beat-driven songs around two stunning centerpiece tracks—"Tropic of Cancer" and "Lonely Wanderer"—that provide Grim Reaper with an extended and well-earned moment of quiet contemplation. The former is a cosmic doo-wop serenade that stands as the most affecting and beautiful vocal performance of Lennox's career; the latter projects a gorgeous, aqueous tranquility unheard from the Animal Collective camp since side two of Feels, its light piano drizzle summoning thundercloud rumbles of foreboding reverberations.
But even when it trades in day-glo stompers for weightless ballads, Grim Reaper still crushes. In the unsentimental, funereal refrain of "Tropic of Cancer"—"you can't get back, you won't come back, you can't come back to it"—Lennox invokes their father's 2002 death and, in doing so, reemphasizes their own current reality as a patriarch, and that pervasive, deep-seated fear of prematurely leaving one's family behind. If Panda Bear Meets the Grim Reaper posits adult life as some imaginary horror movie, it's one where the phone call warning of impending doom is coming from inside the house.
CONTEXT
In the beginning of March, it was brought to the attention of league officials that Origen did not have correctly set-up employment contracts with their Head Coach and their substitutes. Upon subsequently auditing all contracts between Origen and their team members, league officials discovered that while all the players on the starting line-up had contracts compliant with the Team Participation Agreement, none of Origen's team members were correctly set up in regard to the financial framework required in Germany.
To explain further: all EU LCS teams are required to comply with the regulations of the jurisdiction they are operating under. This includes, but is not limited to, properly accounting, withholding and paying all required personal income tax, health insurance and social security contributions. While Origen had this properly reflected in the contracts they have with their starting line-up, the actual contributions and withholdings had not been processed properly.
During the investigation, Origen has been honest and straightforward about the issues and was swift in resolving them. As of March, contracts for all players and the Head Coach have been amended to comply with the Team Participation Agreement. Additionally, Origen has set up a payment framework which is compliant with both contractual obligations to Riot and their team members, as well as applicable labor regulations. However, we consider failure to comply with applicable regulations for payroll management as an employer to be a significant infraction. Even if in this case the players did not suffer direct monetary damages, they were exposed to legal risk as Origen failed to observe employer responsibilities. We will hence continue to monitor Origen's payments to their team members for the duration of the Summer Split to ensure there are no further issues in regard to their remuneration.
This is not a fetishist blog. This is simply to post pictures relevant to the Third Reich that does not paint them as monsters.They loved their country, as did Hitler.
In spite of the severity of the situation, an “LAH” NCO finds time to care for helpless little hatchlings, Kursk, July 1943. Photo by 1.SS-Kriegsberichter Max Büschel. 5:34 am • 16 May 2017 • 2 notes
Anonymous asked: The first picture with hitler and the cat says "Mein Karl" which means "my Karl" (karl is a old german name and problably the name of the cat) I saw that, but when I got the picture it was named “Mein Katze,” so I just put that. Karl seems to fit better. Thanks. 3:26 pm • 8 June 2014 • 1 note
Anonymous asked: Thank you for making this blog. I don't agree with everything the Third Reich did, but I do have the utmost respect for anyone willing to fight and die for their beliefs. These people deserve to be remembered as humans, not monsters. This is why I do this. 6:59 pm • 1 June 2014 • 1 note
zaudreyhepburn asked: Why do you believe people who participated in the horrible genocide and murder of millions of Jews deserved to be viewed like this? This is not a political blog. Here's my short answer: The story we were all told is simply not accurate. There is good and evil on both sides in every conflict. If you truly think that the National Socialists were this true-evil force of hate, then you do not understand the simple nature of human conflict. These men and women served their country, and they deserve the respect that all warriors earn. I, and those who run this blog, do not believe the 6 million Jew myth. It goes against all sourced evidence, and is based only on the words of Jews. History is written by the victor, and they will say whatever they need to to ensure our guns are pointed in the right direction. 12:01 am • 20 May 2014 • 16 notes
Baby playing with Dad's Iron Cross 3:02 am • 28 March 2014 • 5 notes
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Millionaire Tory William Hague is costing taxpayers £2,000 a day to live in a luxury home in one of London's most exclusive areas.
The Coalition has hammered the poor by capping benefits and imposing the hated Bedroom Tax.
But hundreds of thousands of pounds have been spent on putting the Foreign Secretary up at One Carlton Garden in St James's.
Labour's David Miliband only used the des res – situated between Downing Street and Buckingham Palace – for official functions when they did the job.
At the time that was costing taxpayers just over £600,000 a year.
But former Tory leader Mr Hague and their wife Ffion took up residence after the last election.
That pushed the average annual cost to taxpayers up by £116,000 – or £2,250 a week – during their first three years there.
The astonishing bill was revealed as figures showed that the number of tenants facing eviction from rented accommodation has hit a 10-year high.
Landlords made 47,220 possession claims in county courts between January and March this year.
Campaigners said the vast cost of putting up the Hagues while others faced such tough times made a mockery of Tory claims that Britons are “all in it together”.
Disability and welfare rights activist Sue Marsh, of the Spartacus Network group, said: “I'm staggered. Who are the scroungers?
“The poor and vulnerable and disabled are being attacked and we see another minister getting as much as they can out of the taxpayer. It beggars belief.”
Steve Turner, of super union Unite, added: “The Tory mantra of we're all in this together is a sick joke.
"While ordinary families have struggled in the face of austerity and been turfed out of their homes by the Bedroom Tax, William Hague has been living the high life at the taxpayer's expense.”
Carlton Gardens cost taxpayers £606,435 in the year to April 2010 when Mr Miliband was Foreign Secretary.
That soared to £729,956 in the 12 months after the Hagues moved in. The cost was £742,677 and £697,385 for the next two years.
A Foreign Office spokesperson said Carlton Gardens was used to carry out a wide range of Government business, adding: “We monitor usage and expenditure carefully to ensure it represents value for money for the taxpayer and all business held there delivers positive outcomes for the UK.”
Mr Hague made a fortune from writing and speaking engagements after stepping down as Tory leader in the wake of their 2001 election drubbing.
They have a home in London and can use a second official residence, Chevening in Kent. They shares use of the 115-room mansion with Deputy PM Nick Clegg.
PD: Couple arrested for having sex on top of car at West Palm Beach dealership
A couple is facing charges after allegedly having sex on top of a van at a used car dealership in West Palm Beach, according to an arrest report. Ramon Mitchell, 29, and Erin Byrd, 18, were arrested after a witness reported to West Palm Beach police that they were walking home and could see the couple having sex on top of a white van at Mike's Auto Sales located at 8000 S Dixie Highway, the report said. They could hear "talking and moaning" coming from the dealership lot, they told police. The incident happened around 3 a.m.According to police, Mitchell and Byrd were inside the van re-dressing themselves when officers arrived on the scene. Mitchell allegedly spat directly into one of the officer's faces while they were being taken into custody, the report said. The couple faces charges of lewd and lascivious behavior, trespassing and auto burglary.Also see: Father, son behind violent purse snatching deputies sayMitchell faces an additional charge of battery on a law enforcement officer.  They are being held in lieu of $11,000 bail.Byrd has been released.Related: Florida mug shots
A couple is facing charges after allegedly having sex on top of a van at a used car dealership in West Palm Beach, according to an arrest report.
Ramon Mitchell, 29, and Erin Byrd, 18, were arrested after a witness reported to West Palm Beach police that they were walking home and could see the couple having sex on top of a white van at Mike's Auto Sales located at 8000 S Dixie Highway, the report said.
Advertisement
They could hear "talking and moaning" coming from the dealership lot, they told police.
The incident happened around 3 a.m.
According to police, Mitchell and Byrd were inside the van re-dressing themselves when officers arrived on the scene.
Mitchell allegedly spat directly into one of the officer's faces while they were being taken into custody, the report said.
The couple faces charges of lewd and lascivious behavior, trespassing and auto burglary.
Also see: Father, son behind violent purse snatching deputies say
Mitchell faces an additional charge of battery on a law enforcement officer.  They are being held in lieu of $11,000 bail.
Byrd has been released.
Related: Florida mug shots
AlertMe
Honolulu's beleaguered rail project squeaked out the sixth, pivotal City Council vote today required to float bonds that transit officials say they need to keep construction going past January.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
Honolulu's beleaguered rail project squeaked out the sixth, pivotal City Council vote today required to float bonds that transit officials say they need to keep construction going past January.
City Councilman Trevor Ozawa represented the swing vote, switching from a “no” to a “yes” after they read a statement from the dais at Honolulu Hale. Ozawa, whose district includes East Honolulu and Waikiki, said that he's “troubled” how rail has “lurched from one crise to another” but that “the other alternatives (to bonding) are fraught with worse challenges.”
Councilmembers Ron Menor, Ikaika Anderson, Joey Manahan, Kymberly Pine and Brandon Elefante joined Ozawa in securing the necessary six votes to authorize up to $350 million in city general obligation bonds for the island's rail project. Councilmembers Ernie Martin, Ann Kobayashi and Carol Fukunaga voted against.
The Honolulu Charter requires six of nine Councilmembers — instead of the standard majority of five — to vote to approve a bond-related measure on its final reading.
The move, rail officials say, will help to ensure that the Honolulu Authority for Rapid Transportation has enough funds to pay its bills on existing contracts — as well as several new ones — for construction as far as Middle Street.
Rail officials say there's enough money to cover those contracts. Their costs, however, are now outpacing rail's general excise tax surcharge revenues, which expire in 2027.
While the situation is essentially a cash flow issue and not tied to the larger, long-term budget deficit that the project faces, it nonetheless provided an opportunity for rail opponents to testify against the project, its runaway costs and how it's been managed.
Critic Natalie Iwasa said costs have spiraled out of control. “I think at this point we desperately need accountability,” they said.
“Who was minding the store? Who was watching the books?” asked Councilwoman Kobayashi.
Anderson, who voted for the proposal, said killing the project would cost money and he's unwilling to spend more to shut the system down and leave taxpayers with nothing in return.
———
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Serif, the company behind such apps as Affinity Designer and Affinity Photo, has made a significant splash over the last few years with apps aimed at creative professionals. What makes apps like Affinity Designer so appealing is that they can be purchased for a flat cost without a subscription, and can function as an outright replacement for the equivalent software under Adobe's Creative Cloud umbrella.
Despite the success of apps like Affinity Photo — the iPad version just won Apple's app of the year award — Serif isn't resting on its laurels. Affinity Publisher, a desktop publishing app that aims to attract Adobe InDesign customers, has been teased on video ahead of its upcoming 2018 beta launch period.
Synology RT2600ac: The AirPort Extreme replacement.
A couple of observations from the video:
Dragging and dropping images directly from the Finder is unsurprisingly supported, with those images automatically resizing to fit content frames using scale-to-fit options.
It's clear that you can also create new pages directly from a designated Master Page, and that edits to those masters will populate throughout the entire document in real-time.
Other notable features include text wrapping, decorations and drop caps, and flowing text between multiple frames.
One other noticeable feature is the presence of Affinity Photo and Affinity Designer buttons in the upper left hand corner of the app, hinting at some sort of integration of those apps directly within Affinity Publisher.
A beta version of Affinity Publisher appears to still be on schedule for mid-2018, and we'll be sure to alert you once it's available. Now about that Affinity Designer teaser for iPad that we saw a few months back…?
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement About 50 Greenpeace campaigners, some dressed as apes, have staged a protest at two Unilever sites over the company's use of palm oil. The protesters went into the plant at Port Sunlight, Wirral, and Unilever House, London, early on Monday. Campaigners left both sites about nine hours later after talks with managers. Greenpeace claims the use of palm oil is damaging the Indonesian rainforest, but Unilever says it is leading the search for a sustainable product. In November, the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) - which Unilever chairs - agreed criteria for sustainable palm oil production which addresses many of Greenpeace's concerns, the company said. "The problem is simply that demand of palm oil has exploded," a spokesperson said. "It is essential that all those involved sign up to agreed criteria to make sustainability work on the ground - but this is not an easy process and is taking longer than we would all like. It was a frank exchange of views but very amicable and grown up
Unilever spokesperson "Nevertheless, we remain absolutely committed to finding a solution." A spokesperson for Merseyside Police said officers monitored the protesters during the demonstration, which they described as "peaceful". A Greenpeace spokesperson said the group arrived in two vans at the front and back entrance of the Wirral site at about 0640 BST and simply walked in. Later at 0735 BST, campaigners dressed as orang-utans scaled ladders on to a balcony at the headquarters in London. Campaigners left both sites at about 1545 BST after a meeting with a senior Unilever manager from London. Andy Tait, a campaign manager for Greenpeace at the Wirral protest site, said: "Unilever have promised a substantive response in the next couple of weeks and during that time we will look at other ways to keep up the pressure. "Today has been a success in terms of keeping it on the public's and Unilever's agenda but the real success will be when Unilever changes their policies by not dealing with suppliers who destroy the rainforest." A Unilever spokesperson said production at the plant in the Wirral had not been affected by the action. "It was all very peaceful and amicable," said the spokesperson. "One of our senior managers in London met with a Greenpeace representative today. It was a frank exchange of views but very amicable and grown up." Greenpeace is urging Unilever to use its influence to stop palm oil suppliers clearing areas of rainforest - the natural habitat of orang-utans in Indonesia - to support the crop. Palm oil is an ingredient in foods, soaps and detergents and a bio-fuel added to diesel for cars.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The Coyotes, seeking thier first win of the season, are starting a home-and-home series with Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Tuesday night.
WHERE: American Airlines Center
WHEN: 5:30 p.m. (AZ time)
TV: FOX Sports Arizona
RADIO: ESPN 620 AM
Video: Bissonnette on Rinaldo, Stars Matchup
KEY FACTS:
• The Coyotes are looking to end a nine-game losing streak (0-6-3) at Dallas. Arizona last won a game at American Airlines Center on Feb. 7, 2012.
• Oliver Ekman-Larsson, whom Arizona drafted sixth overall in 2009, will become the sixth defenseman in franchise history to skate in 500 games.
• Adin Hill will make their NHL debut in Arizona's net. The Coyotes recalled the rookie from the American Hockey League on Monday. Hill, 21, posted a 22-save shutout in their most recent AHL outing on Saturday. Hill was 1-1-0 with a 0.65 goals-against average and .968 save percentage in two appearances for Tucson before they were recalled. The Coyotes drafted Hill 76th overall in 2015.
Video: Hill: 'Got to Have that Confidence in Net'
• Forward Zac Rinaldo will make their debut with the Coyotes after serving a five-game NHL suspension.
• Both Max Domi and Anthony Duclair have notched two goals and five assists in five career games vs. Dallas. Duclair is riding a two-game goal streak vs. the Stars, and Domi recorded one of their three career three-point games vs. Dallas on Feb. 18, 2016.
• Martin Hanzal, who played 608 games for the Coyotes, has notched one goal in fives games for Dallas this season.
"It's always probably going to feel weird, spending 10 years there, so every time I play against them it's probably going to feel weird," Hanzal told NHL.com. "But I'll enjoy it. I'm on a great team right now so I'll enjoy playing against them."
Tweet from @ArizonaCoyotes: Adin Hill makes their @NHL debut and the Killer D's are reunited.Tonight's projected #Yotes lineup: pic.twitter.com/lQv8jJB5wv
COYOTE BITES:
• "It's something you dream of when you're growing up. My ultimate goal when I was two, three years old was to play in the NHL one day. So, it's cool to be here, but at the same time I've got to keep an even head and just play my game, calm down and have confidence in the net." -- Adin Hill on making NHL debut
• "I'm trying to be as calm as I can. I've learned over the years if I stay calm, I'll be fine. I'm still going to create that energy, I'm still going to do me on the ice, but if I get too high before the game, then, from my past experiences, things haven't gone according to plan. I'm just staying calm and I think that's the best thing for the guys right now, too. Things aren't going our way and we don't want to panic." -- Zac Rinaldo on returning from suspension
• "They're a high-level team. They've got some big star players. Our game plan against them, we're going to have to stick to it if we want to beat these guys. They've got Jamie Benn, (Tyler) Seguin. They're good players. They play PK, power play, five-on-five, so we've got to make sure that we don't back off. We've got to make them defend. You can't make it an easy game for those guys. It's a good test for us." -- Rick Tocchet
Video: Tocchet on Adin Hill, Zac Rinaldo
RELATED CONTENT:
READ: Tocchet's Message to Coyotes: 'Don't Panic'
READ: Ekman-Larsson Approaches 500th NHL Game
READ: Suspension Served, Rinaldo Eligible to Play vs. Stars
by Jason St. Amand
National News Editor
Monday Jun 3, 2013
It seems as though the anti-gay group One Million Moms, which hardly has a million members, never runs out of things to complain about. Whether they're taking issue with Norelco for running a manscaping commercial, or JC Penney hiring Ellen DeGeneres as its spokesperson or the Walt Disney Company for not banning Gay Days at Disney World, the group is ready to attack anything LGBT-related.
The group's latest gripe? A new cartoon about a male protagonist who transforms into a female superhero.
"SheZow" premiered in the United States on Saturday and aired on the Hub, a satellite TV channel created by Discovery and Hasbro. The show, aimed at kids 6-11 years old, follows a 12-year-old boy named Guy Hamdon, who has a female crime-fighting alter ego called SheZow. Hamdon turns into SheZow by putting on a magic ring and shouting out the catchphrase, "You go girl!"
"The media is determined to pollute the minds of our children and there is no better way to desensitize them than through a cartoon program," OMM wrote on their website. "Everyone knows children are drawn to animated shows; both boys and girls love superheroes. This character especially will appeal to both boys and girls since the superhero represents both genders by crossdressing and being transgendered. This dude becomes the FEMALE superhero SheZow dressed in pink and purple."
The group, a project created by the anti-gay and Christian organization American Family Association, adds, "This is just another attempt by the gay, lesbian and transgender community to indoctrinate our children into accepting their lifestyles."
Hub's CEO Margaret Loesch said their initial reaction regarding the show was, "'Are you out of your minds?"" they told the Los Angeles Times. They added, "Then I looked at it and I thought, 'This is just funny."
"There is no doubt this superhero character will confuse kids," OMM writes. "Children desire to be just like superheroes and will mimic a superhero's every action, even to the point of dressing up in costumes to resemble the characters as much as possible. It won't be long before little boys are saying, 'I want to be a girl, so I can help people and save the world!'"
"Loving your child is to teach them right from wrong and find help when they need it. We are all sinners, but we try to do better and get help when and where we need it in our lives," OMM's statement concludes. "Thousands of Christian counselors and pastors are available all across the country to help anyone who is struggling with any kind of sin including homosexuality, gender identity disorder, gender confusion or gender dysphoria."
Ben Shapiro of the conservative website Breitbart News also slammed the cartoon, writing, "Nothing says 'child-appropriate material' quite like gender-bending underage superheroes." GLAAD spokesperson Rich Ferraro, however, criticized Shapiro's remarks, according to the Ledger.
"This Breitbart News article is just a laughable attempt at attention seeking, comparable to Jerry Falwell attacking the Teletubbies, and demonstrates a profound ignorance of transgender people since this show doesn't include any," they said.
Though the cartoon premiered in America last weekend, it's been on the air in Canada and Australia since December.
"SheZow" was created by Obie Scott Wade and is produced by Mood Street Kids and Kickstart Productions. Wade also wrote the series, along with Lazar Saric. The cartoon is directed by Gillian Carr and stars Lyall Brooks, Matt Hill and Samuel Vincent.
The Clarion Ledger points out that according to Nielsen rankings, the Hub averages 56,000 daily viewers among ages 2 to 11. The channel's competitors Nickelodeon and Disney, however, gain about 930,000 viewers.
Watch a clip of "SheZow" below:
