On Election Day last November, Gladys Harris, 66, of Milwaukee went to cast their vote for president of the United States. Harris had lost their driver's license shortly before the election, but they were sure the process would go smoothly. After all, they are a U.S. citizen and brought their Social Security and Medicare cards, along with a county-issued bus pass with their photo to the polls to verify their identity. Still, Harris was denied the right to vote and turned away from the polls.
Advertisement:
It is estimated that as many as 300,000 eligible Wisconsin voters lacked the right state ID and thus were not allowed to vote in the election, just as Harris was denied. Donald Trump won the state by only 22,000 votes.
Voter ID laws are part of a cocktail of voter suppression tactics enacted by Republicans in order to suppress the political power of minorities or prevent them from voting altogether. While voter ID laws are the most notorious of these strategies, gerrymandered districts and certain state laws that strip felons of their voting rights are also designed specifically to steal political power from minorities.
Courts across the country have found the nature of these voter suppression tactics to be racially motivated. In April, a federal judge ruled that a 2011 voter ID law passed in Texas was crafted to discriminate against blacks and Hispanics. Last summer, a federal appeals court struck down North Carolina's voter ID law, ruling that it discriminated against minorities.
Taking voting rights away from felons is also a move that disproportionately hits black voters. In states like Florida, Tennessee and Kentucky, over 20 percent of voting-age black people cannot vote because of a prior felony conviction.
And gerrymandering has been shown to reduce the political influence of black voters, by packing black people into a single district to prevent their influence from being spread across multiple districts. A piece by Kim Soffen in the Washington Post shows how Republican state legislatures draw district lines. They used a poignant hypothetical where Republicans created a 50 percent black district and a 10 percent black district rather than two 30 percent black districts. The former would give black voters their choice of representative in only one of the districts, while the latter would likely give them their choice of representative in both districts.
Research has continually shown that voter suppression tactics from Republicans have targeted minorities and robbed them of their political power. In some cases, the courts have concurred, but unfortunately, voter suppression is often framed as a partisan issue. It shouldn't be. Voter suppression is Republicans specifically targeting the most marginalized and poorest demographics in the country.
Advertisement:
According to 2013 research from Pew Research Center, the median net worth of a black family is $11,000, and for Hispanic families, the number is $13,700. For white families, that number is $141,900. Black and Hispanic voters tend to be among the poorest in the country, and their voting rights are under assault from a party that represents wealthy white interests. The Republican Party robs minorities of their political influence and then passes laws that are socially and economically detrimental to them, such as harsher prison sentences, budget cuts to schools in minority districts and the erosion of labor protections.
This maneuver is effectively a transfer of wealth and political power from blacks and Hispanics to white Republicans. Minorities on the losing end know they're getting shafted, but have little recourse because poverty limits their ability to use the courts or form political interest groups. When politicians steal money from charities or government organizations, we call it political corruption. But when Republicans steal money and political influence from minorities through voter suppression, we call it partisan bickering. Democrats, left-leaning groups and anti-corruption organizations should start calling voter suppression what it is—political corruption.
Framing the issue is important because it is an effective way for voting rights advocates to expand the base of support for their fight. Twenty years ago, there wasn't broad support for legalizing marijuana. But an effective messaging campaign turned marijuana legalization into a medical issue instead of a recreational one, leading to an increase in support and over two dozen states legalizing medical marijuana. Instead of visualizing teenagers smoking marijuana, legalization advocates got voters to think about cancer and epilepsy patients and others who use the drug to relieve pain.
In the same vein, voting rights advocates can draw in a bigger base of support by framing voter suppression as an issue of political corruption. Currently, voter suppression is a problem known to the Democratic base and activists, but it isn't covered extensively by the media and is openly dismissed by Republicans as a partisan issue. Framing voter suppression as political corruption would put Republicans on the defensive and force them to answer for stealing political influence from minority voters. It would also garner more media coverage, because corruption and theft sounds juicer and more pressing than “partisan differences.”
Advertisement:
Democrats have fought gerrymandering and voter ID laws in the courts, but controlling state legislatures and governorships would provide a better opportunity to begin pushing back on some of these laws. If 2018 brings the Democratic wave election some political analysts foresee, Democrats could win majorities in state capitols and work to repeal voter ID laws from the governor's mansion. Repealing voter ID laws and returning voting rights to felons would empower a greater number of minorities to be able to vote their interests. That would likely put Democrats in a better position for the 2020 redistricting fight, where congressional districts are drawn. Gerrymandered districts across the country make many Republican House seats in Congress uncompetitive. But if Democrats are successful in 2018 and use that power to help restore the voting rights of minorities, newly drawn districts could see many formerly safe Republican seats up for grabs throughout the 2020s.
Political corruption shouldn't be a phrase reserved for bribes or campaign finance issues. The left might be facing an internal Sanders-Clinton divide, but both sides should agree that voter suppression is a critical problem that must be solved if the left wants to have the opportunity to win and actually improve peoples' lives. The Sanders left has taken up the banner against political corruption, and framing the voter suppression issue in this way could help bring more support from youth and independents. Fighting a corrupt Republican Party that wants to steal political power from the most marginalized should be something that can unite the left. And when it comes to voter suppression, minorities need all the help they can get.
David Shepard, a film preservationist who restored hundreds of discarded, hidden or forgotten films by masters like Charlie Chaplin, Buster Keaton and F. W. Murnau and packaged rarities for the consumer market, died on Jan. 31 in Medford, Ore. They were 76.
The cause was cancer, said their brother, Donald.
The era of Valentino and Fairbanks had been over for decades when Mr. Shepard, barely in their teens, began buying old films, reel by reel, with money earned from their paper route. They had been bitten by the bug when their uncle Myron, a photographer in the Signal Corps, brought home a projector and a boxful of films from France after World War II — abridged versions of Fritz Lang's “Metropolis” and Georges Méliès's experimental “A Trip to the Moon,” among others. They kindled an enthusiasm that only grew with time.
Working for the American Film Institute and later for Blackhawk Films, which reproduced old films for the collectors' market, Mr. Shepard began searching out movies that had been languishing in studio vaults or private collections and bringing them in for restoration.
By trial and error, they developed techniques now used widely in commercial preservation laboratories. In 1989, after acquiring Blackhawk's library, they created their own company, Film Preservation Associates.
We're doing a season-long NFL roundtable with our friends at Slate. Check back here each week as a rotating cast of football watchers discusses the weekend's key plays, coaching decisions, and traumatic brain injuries.
« Previous entry | Next entry »
From: Nate Jackson
To: Chris Brown, Barry Petchesky
Barry, you're right about Aaron Rodgers. It's astonishing to watch them play the position. Aside from their physical skills, which are manifold, their mind seems to be dialed in to the moment so completely that it appears he's observing it all from a distance. The look on their face in slow-motion replays is frightfully Zen. Television doesn't show the chaos and speed of an NFL game, and it also doesn't take into account the players' eye-level vantage point. Things are not so clear at eye level. There are jumbles of bodies flying around at different depths, and to be able to see them, to actually see everything, takes a heightened awareness that is uncoachable. It also doesn't hurt when you have a group of offensive weapons as potent as the ones the Packers have.
And I may have a healthy bias here, but I agree with Chris that the hybrid tight end can be one of the most effective weapons on the field. You see, I was a bit of a hybrid player myself. I was a wide receiver in college and during my first two years in the NFL. All I ever wanted to do was catch passes. Then after the 2004 season, the head coach of the Broncos, Mike Shanahan, called and asked how I felt about a switch to tight end. They said they thought it would be great for me. It would get me more involved in the offense. I would catch more balls. I would catch more balls?! Yes, of course I'll do it.
Advertisement
Mike Shanahan has always valued a pass-catching tight end who can stretch the defense, work the middle of the field—including the ever-vulnerable seams—and beat the generally inferior coverage skills of linebackers and safeties. They broke the mold with Shannon Sharpe. Shannon played at about 225 or 230, hardly the beefy frame we expect for a tight end. But it worked. They became a good enough blocker to get by, and on passing downs, they were awesome.
My tight-end pass-catching career did not pan out like I'd hoped. After four seasons of it, I'd tacked on 19 more catches to the eight balls I caught as a wide receiver in 2004, bringing my career total to 27. But I learned a lot more about the game. Tight ends, after quarterbacks, need to have the deepest knowledge of how the offense operates. Receivers have only a cursory knowledge of the run game, and running backs have only a cursory knowledge of the passing game. Tight ends need to know everything, including pass protections. That new attention to detail changed how I viewed the sport.
Mostly, it became much more violent. It turned into hand-to-hand combat on a daily basis with men who were much bigger and stronger than me. I played tight end at 235 pounds on a good day. As the season wore on, it was difficult for me to keep that weight on and I'd dip under 230. One season I was getting dangerously close to 220 pounds, and that doesn't fly with the coaches. We had weigh-ins every week, so on the mornings I had to hit the scale I would walk to my locker, put on my sweats, then walk into the training room and grab two five-pound ankle weights to strap on under my sweats. Nobody ever caught on. 232.
Advertisement
As fans, we see only the end result: the game. But practice is the proving ground, and I was getting my ass kicked. I had a daily "Oh, shit" moment as I walked out on the field, because I knew that I was about to feel a whole lot of pain. Run blocking is about technique, and I had none. I was shooting myself head-first into defensive lineman like a spear and hoping to stalemate them long enough to call it a win. (If your guy doesn't make the tackle or disrupt the play, it's a win.)
The agony of those "Oh, shit" run-blocking moments was lessened by the ease with which I got open on pass routes. Playing tight end with wide-receiver skills is almost unfair. I had to learn a variety of line-of-scrimmage release techniques, but once that area was cleared, it was lovely. In zone coverage, it's pretty easy to get open if you understand what coverage they're in. And beating man coverage against a linebacker or a safety, having cut one's route-running teeth on cornerbacks, is much easier.
And that's what we're seeing these days with tight ends like Rob Gronkowski. They have wide-receiver skills and the size to exploit any defense they come up against. It isn't an accident that there are more tight ends with at least two touchdown catches than there are teams in the NFL. Everyone is throwing to them, and some teams are throwing to two of them! It's great to watch. Two tight-end formations are very common because, for the reasons Chris laid out, they are so hard to defend. If you stay in your base defense, your two athletic tight ends will have an easy time getting open. If you try to get cute and put a nickel defender on one or both of the tight ends, you'll get gashed open in the running game.
Advertisement
And that's why tight ends who can run great routes and block are so valuable. They are also pretty rare. The two are diametrically opposed. One takes patience and finesse. The other takes grit and balls. And it's hard to run crisp routes with huge balls.
Nate Jackson played tight end for the Denver Broncos from 2003 to 2008. Their writing has also appeared in Slate and The New York Times.  They are working on a book about life in the NFL.
Invisible's Cubit was born on May 12, 2016. It was meant as a vehicle to express my thoughts and feelings regarding religious matters. I had undergone a painful and lonely faith journey. Avenues to discuss these matters at church and with church friends was effectively blocked by a church culture that had previously gone undetected by me.
When the Cubit was created, I knew very little about blogging. The first post received about 50 views in the first week. I thought, “Cool, I'm sharing with 50 people already.” In the previous 2 years I had become gun shy with sharing my thoughts and feelings with anybody. Today, I have a way to share out in the open air.
A blog site like WordPress provides statistics that I had not anticipated. Some of my readers might be interested in an activity report for 2016. I have no idea how these numbers stack up in the world of blogging. To me, they are amazing.
Thank you for taking the time to read, follow, and comment on my blog.
All my very best wishes to you for a marvelous 2017.
General Stats
# of Posts = 60
# of Countries with viewership = 118 (This blew me away)
Total Views = 82,416
Most Views in 1 day = 3,703
Top Viewed Posts
5,165 Empty Chairs at Empty Tables (Originally, my favorite. But over time, I realized nobody really cares if people leave the church. That's been one of the biggest shocks in my life.)
4,715 Do We Love Jesus Enough To….
4,201 You're Not Broken—I'm Sorry (My personal favorite)
3,406 I am Mormon. I Love My Mormon Church
3,232 A Compassionate Caution to My Dear Mormon Friends
3,059 Taboo
2,942 “The Dominant Church Narrative Is Not True”
2,905 The Only True Hope for the Only True Church
2,607 Joseph Smith IS My Hero
2,239 The Man Who Voted Opposed (Recounts a modern day miracle.)
2,018 The Mormon Talkeria
2,001 Oh, the Vaunted Priesthood of God—Making the Sabbath a Delight
1,803 Temple Covenant Breakthrough!!!
1,639 Conversations. Chapter 1: George
1,634 A Register for Disapproval (Opposition)
1,586 Conversations. Chapter 2: George Continued
1,550 Nude Sailing (Result of this post: I discovered there's an LDS nudist forum composed of active members)
1,549 If I Don't Dissent…I Consent (I cried the most writing this one)
1,457 Dancing with Jesus (Another one of my favorites)
1,347 Behold My Mother—I Stabber Them in the Heart
1,325 My Choice Choice (I share the one when people ask where my faith is today)
1,120 A Mammoth & Moving Spiritual Experience
1,062 Gay Underwear
Least Viewed Posts
92 Greetings World!
100 Citizens of Subject?
206 Heaven Prep 101: Tocubit is Invisible's Cubit
Views by Country
United States 74,131 Canada 2,049 United Kingdom 1,614 Australia 776 Germany 563 Sweden 253 Japan 234 New Zealand 229 Denmark 218 Philippines 205 Norway 169 Mexico 143 South Africa 140 Finland 136 France 98 Netherlands 97 Brazil 97 Spain 86 Belgium 74 Switzerland 70 Italy 68 South Korea 67 Argentina 57 Singapore 46 Hong Kong SAR China 39 Ireland 38 India 37 Saudi Arabia 33 Ecuador 31 Austria 29 Portugal 25 Thailand 25 United Arab Emirates 25 Turkey 24 Costa Rica 21 Russia 21 European Union 20 Chile 19 Poland 17 Taiwan 17 Malaysia 17 Qatar 17 China 15 Hungary 15 Vietnam 14 Guam 14 Guatemala 13 Kenya 13 Jordan 11 Iceland 11 Peru 9 Czech Republic 9 Fiji 8 Greece 8 Dominican Republic 8 Egypt 8 Slovakia 7 Puerto Rico 7 Croatia 7 Israel 7 Panama 6 Bahrain 6 Slovenia 6 Nigeria 6 Laos 6 Uruguay 6 Indonesia 6 Honduras 5 Bolivia 5 Romania 5 Uganda 4 Colombia 4 U.S. Virgin Islands 4 Lithuania 3 Myanmar (Burma) 3 Cayman Islands 3 Sint Maarten 3 Zimbabwe 2 Bulgaria 2 Kuwait 2 Morocco 2 Oman 2 Bahamas 2 Tajikistan 2 Ghana 2 Mauritius 2 Cambodia 2 Uzbekistan 2 Trinidad & Tobago 2 Luxembourg 2 British Virgin Islands 2 Latvia 2 Ethiopia 2 Namibia 1 Iraq 1 Grenada 1 Nepal 1 Afghanistan 1 Vanuatu 1 Palestinian Territories 1 Albania 1 El Salvador 1 Algeria 1 Kazakhstan 1 Serbia 1 Macedonia 1 Dominica 1 Kyrgyzstan 1 St. Kitts & Nevis 1 Curaçao 1 Tanzania 1 Montenegro 1 Burkina Faso 1 Bangladesh 1 Botswana 1 Caribbean Netherlands 1 Pakistan 1 Lebanon 1
BAMAKO (Reuters) - Mali is to introduce compulsory national service for men and women aged 18 to 35, the government announced, after clashes between northern Tuareg separatists and the army last month.
Malian President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita (standing C) salutes troops during a military parade to mark Armed Forces Day in Bamako January 20, 2014. REUTERS/Joe Penney
A communique issued following Wednesday's cabinet meeting said President Ibrahim Boubacar Keita's government had taken the decision to impose six-month national service “to develop a feeling of patriotism and the instinct for national defense”.
“The legislative texts will be adopted by the end of the year so the scheme can start from 2015,” Mahamar Mohamed El Moctar, chief of staff at the Youth Ministry, told Reuters on Thursday.
“As well as the military aspect, it will involve training in handling weapons and fostering in our youth a sense of citizenship, of civic spirit, of the nation and the homeland,” they said, adding that national service would be compulsory for both men and women.
Mali's army suffered an embarrassing defeat at the hands of Tuareg separatists last month after it attempted to seize their stronghold of Kidal. The army was quickly overrun by rebel forces as U.N. and French peacekeepers declined to intervene.
Popular faith in the army had already been shaken by the ease with which it was overrun in early 2012 by a coalition of Tuareg separatists and Islamist militants who seized the northern two thirds of Mali.
A series of student protests in recent months have created frustration at what some critics have called a lack of patriotism among youth, in the wake of last year's French-led war to liberate northern Mali from the Islamists.
“Our priority is not to prepare for war, as one might think in the current context, but to create a new citizen,” Soubounou Djibril, secretary-general at the Youth Ministry, said of the national service plan.
Keita, elected by a landslide in August 2013, earned a reputation for toughness in crushing student protests as prime minister in the 1990s. They have promised to restore a sense of national pride in the landlocked former French colony.
Mali last had national service from 1983 to 1991.
- Advertisement -
Ordinarily, I would not pry into a family's business. So why should anyone care whether new vice presidential candidate, Sarah Palin, is the mother of Trig, or their 16 year old daughter is? The answer is – blackmail by foreign powers at the level of the Oval Office. Such a prize has never before been available to our opponents, and we cannot allow it to occur now.
If Sarah Palin's minor daughter is the mother of Trig as appears near certainty, then depending on the paternity of the child, Trig may be a smoking gun for a major felony compounded by felonies to cover up. There are several motives that could drive Governor Palin to cover up their daughter's pregnancy. Some motives are benign, but others are extremely powerful motivators, and the more Sarah appears to cover up, the higher the probability they are motivated by something serious.
- Advertisement -
If Sarah's daughter got pregnant by a boy in their age group and the doctor said the baby had Down's syndrome, Sarah could take the baby to spare their daughter that task, and to spare themselves the political embarrassment of a daughter with an out of wedlock child. Neither I, nor most sensible people would think this wrong.
If their daughter got pregnant by a young man known to the family who would face a statutory rape charge, Sarah could take the baby as theirs to protect their daughter that pain and the young man prison, because if the baby is Sarah's, no DA can order a test of paternity. This is also understandable, and many people with humanity would do the same.
- Advertisement -
If the girl got pregnant by Sarah's husband while they were drunk and Sarah was busy eclipsing them in their governorship, their husband would face statutory rape with special conditions while Sarah would face career ruin, family destruction and a financial trainwreck. Note that heavy drinking and marital isues are two of the three major correlates of what therapists will tell you is a very common family incident.
If the daughter got pregnant by Sarah's older son, the son could go to prison, they would be dishonorably discharged, and Sarah's political career would probably be over. This also happens more commonly than most believe, but I consider it less likely.
It is with great reluctance that I write this. But the possible problems are nothing less than compromise of the presidency through blackmail by a foreign power, and that requires us to invert the normal standards which would require extraordinary proof before breathing a word of such possibilities.
- Advertisement -
This has the appearance of a textbook example of the kind of personal problem that agents look for to force someone to be a traitor to their country. The keys to the kingdom of compromise are sex, drugs, and financial problems. The Kremlin and the gentlemen in Beijing would like nothing quite so much as to have a lever worth hundreds of billions of dollars in armaments. For that matter, so would Iran's Pasdaran, a secret service which is quite capable for such a small nation, and worth being concerned about.
Next Page 1 | 2
A white truffle discovered in Italy. The white truffle found in Victoria is yet to be harvested.
Australia's first white truffle has been found on a farm in central Victoria.
The white truffle is much harder to grow than its more common black relative, and prices can range up to $3000 a kilo.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.13 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.13 MB)
Load more chevron right
Peter Stahle, from Yea, north-east of Melbourne, found the truffle, but refused to celebrate until they were totally sure it was the real deal.
"I didn't dare believe it, haha! We laughed, we cried, it's been such a long time to get here, so look, I didn't dare believe it absolutely until this week when I got the test results back from the laboratory," they said.
The truffle has not yet been harvested, but it is estimated to weigh about a hundred grams.
Mr Stahle said they did not know whether any other white truffles had grown nearby.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A former university athletic director is suing their old employers over claims they were discriminated against as a gay female.
Jane Meyer was the associate athletic director at the University of Iowa, and is bringing the trial against the school after they were laid off last year.
Several coaches are expected to testify at the trial, which is scheduled to last for up to three weeks, with lawyers claiming a last minute settlement is unlikely.
Jurors will be asked to determine if Meyer suffered workplace discrimination due to their gender and sexual orientation, as well as if they were treated differently after complaining about bias against other females coaches.
The trial will also look at whether they were paid less than male coaches.
Regardless of the outcome academics have said the trial will have a big impact on the “morale and culture of the athletics department”.
Speaking to Associated Press, Professor Cheryl Cooky added: “What's happening at Iowa isn't unique to Iowa. Iowa might just be a real egregious example of some of these types of treatment we've seen.”
The trial will look back through evidence dating back to 2014, when athletic director Gary Barta fired Meyers' partner and field hockey coach Tracey Griesbaum amid complaints about how they had treated some players.
The sacking led to condemnation from players and fans, with Griesbaum claiming she'd been treated more harshly than male colleagues and promising legal actions.
Barta then announced Meyer would be transferred outside the athletics department before the university eliminated their job as a construction manager and laid them off.
In a statement to Associated Press, Barta said Meyer had opened chastised them in front of staff, as well as claiming to be unaware of their relationship.
It's not the first time LGBT people in America have gone to court over discrimination claims.
Earlier this year a veteran journalist started legal action against Frontiers magazine after the publication fired them from their position as news editor.
Karen Ocamb was led to believe that they were fired for financial reasons within the company, however it soon came to light that the reason was based solely on them age.
Bobby Blair, the CEO of Multimedia Platforms Worldwide (the parent company of Frontiers) said: “Unfortunately, Karen fell where we realised we were moving toward a digital and Millennial audience, and we wanted to give the generation of Millennials a real shot at creating out content.”
The campaign seems to have gotten a clue and realized that Ann needs to step away from the microphone.
In Omaha for a closed to the press fundraiser for their husband Friday, Mrs. Romney was supposed to give interviews to several reporters but canceled due to the controversy over their blow up at Republicans on a radio interview, in which they ordered Mitt's Republican critics to “stop it.”
Ann Romney, the wife of Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, made an appearance Friday at an Omaha-area fundraiser for their husband. They had scheduled interviews with The World-Herald and other reporters but canceled after controversy erupted this week over their comments to a public radio station in Iowa about their husband's Republican critics. They appeared at the luncheon, $250-per-plate fundraiser at the Embassy Suites and La Vista Conference Center. The event was closed to reporters.
Omaha.com reports Well, with their best spokesperson unsparingly overused, they now go to Plan C? Too bad Seamus isn't available.
Um. Maybe not.
H/T to TrueBlueMajority for the 'Stop It' interview
I should have added that last week Ann Romney did an interview with a local Fox affiliate in Colorado, where they said that 'Mitt does not disdain the poor'. The campaign posted a video of it on their website, then realized about 20 minutes later how awful it sounded and removed it. So that incident as well probably was influential in this decision to cancel interviews while they have more appearance training, or is retired.
Be Sociable, Share!
Thanks to popular demand, Nike has finally bitten the bullet and made the decision to release a couple of its Oregon Ducks-themed sneakers to the public. One of the sneakers to make it to that list is this beautiful Nike Air Foamposite One colorway. Featuring a grey on black feather print, this pair comes equipped with a bright green tongue and matching laces, contrasted with yellow accents. The Fighting Duck is displayed proudly on tongue and insole, with the Oregon logos embroidered on the heel. The Oregon Ducks Nike Air Foamposite One will hit stores on December 30, retailing for $225. They are bound to move fast, but if you'd like to secure a pair, they are already available on eBay.
Click here to purchase the Oregon Ducks Foamposite One on eBay
Nike Air Foamposite One
Color: Black/Apple Green-Yellow Strike
Style: 652110-001
Release: 12/30/2013
Price: $225.00
On March 17, the following note appeared on the Promised Land blog:
And this also happened this week: the office of the minister of education forbade distributing a booklet for kids about the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, because it didn't like two articles in the declaration, as well as some of the illustration in the booklet.
The relevant link was to an article in Hebrew. I asked Noam which two articles had been specified, and they replied that the nrg.co.il article implied Article 14 and Article 18. These two articles are as follows:
"Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution." (Article 14)
"Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change their religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest their religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance." (Article 18)
But apart from that Hebrew language piece, there is also a translated version of the story available here. Here is an extract:
[Palin's Lawyer] finally got back to us late this evening. They told us in an E-mail, quote, "The code for BSMP, LLC pertains to several areas but includes public relations. Bristol Palin provides public relations services and is currently an ambassador for the Candie`s Foundation.
The Candie`s Foundation is a pro-abstinence organization. Bristol Palin has essentially set themselves up to be paid as an incorporated entity as opposed to being paid as an individual and that`s sort of common choice people make when they have money coming in from various sources like this.
So BSMP, LLC, may just be a pretty smart financial decision by a very astute 19-year-old, or Bristol Palin is about to launch a lobbying and consultancy firm to run their mom`s 2012 presidential campaign. Theoretically possible, but probably not.
Joy Behar and Sir Patrick Stewart
British citizen Sir Patrick Stewart on Thursday told The View that they are applying for U.S. citizenship to “fight” and “oppose” the Donald Trump administration.
Speaking with Stewart about their upcoming film “Logan,” co-host Joy Behar asked about a tweet Stewart sent while visiting Washington D.C. last month.
Had the worst sleep of my life last night. But I was sleeping less than 300 yds from where Donald Trump sleeps. Could there be a connection? — Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) February 10, 2017
Stewart said they were in the nation's capital to visit “three different friends who are kind of Washington insiders,” noting they and their wife “wanted to ask them, ‘What do we do? What do we do?'”
“The first night we were in Washington, I had the worst night's sleep for years and years and years,” Stewart admitting, adding that they looked outside and realized the Trump presidency might explain their restlessness. The X-Men star called it a “fairly innocent tweet,” insisting they “did not directly insult your president.”
“Not mine,” Whoopi Goldberg chimed in.
“Well, he's not mine either,” Stewart pointed out. When Behar asked if the English actor would like to take Trump off American's hands, Stewart lamented, “We have our own problems”—specifically referencing last year's UK referendum to withdrawal from the European Union
“I'm not a citizen,” Stewart continued. “However, there is, maybe it's the only good thing, as the result of this election: I am now applying for citizenship. Because I want to be an American too.”
“All of my friends in Washington said, ‘There is one thing you can do. Fight, fight, oppose, oppose,'” Stewart concluded.
Watch the full video below, via ABC:
Cinnabons Cinnamon Rolls – a cinnabon copycat recipe, about the closest you'll get to the real thing. Super easy to make.
Who doesn't love the cinnabons at the malls? Just walking by their stores and smelling these cinnabons baking, drives me up the walls. It's very hard to keep on walking and not stop and spend $5 on a cinnabon.
Not to worry my friends! I have found the precious cinnabon recipe. I came across this book, More Top Secret Recipes: More Fabulous Kitchen Clones of America's Favorite Brand-Name Foods , and inside it I found the copycat recipe for cinnabons. This book is great, it has a lot of copycat recipes of popular food items and this recipe for cinnabons was one of them.
I have to admit I was a bit skeptical at first, but as I was making them they were looking like the real thing. I have to tell you, they are about as close to the real thing as you're going to get.
CINNAMON ROLLS
The cinnamon rolls are out of this world, and they cost a whole lot less. They're huge, and they taste exactly the same. I felt like I hit the jackpot.
Although they're not as big as the ones you buy because I wanted to make a dozen with this recipe, so I cut each roll so that' it's 1 1/2 inch in height whereas the original ones are 2 1/2 inches.
As these cinnabons were baking, the house smelled amazing, just like it does at the mall when you walk by the cinnabon store. I was so excited. And of course, you cannot have cinnabons without the yummy cream cheese icing.
You will want to try these. I'm so glad I came across this book, I'll definitely have to try some other recipes from there. I hope you try them and let me know if you liked them as much as I did. Oh and by the way, if you can't eat them all in one day they last quite a while in the fridge, even 5 days later, just microwave them for 30 seconds and they taste like you just pulled them out of the oven.
I have made this recipe many times over the years and have used both butter and margarine. I believe Cinnabons are originally made with margarine, so if you want to have a true copycat recipe use margarine. Honestly they taste the same to me so it's your choice, butter or margarine.
MAKE AHEAD CINNAMON ROLLS
These cinnamon rolls are great because they could be made ahead. Prepare everything as stated in the recipe up until step 10 where you place the rolls in the baking pan. Simply cover them up tightly with plastic wrap and store them in the fridge overnight.
The rolls should continue to rise in the fridge but if by morning they have not doubled in size, turn your oven on to 200 F degrees until it warms up, then turn it off. Place the pan in the oven for about 30 to 45 minutes until the rolls double in size. Then you can bake them as instructed.
CAN YOU FREEZE CINNAMON ROLLS
Absolutely! Prepare everything as stated in the recipe up until step 10 where you place the rolls in the baking pan. Wrap the pan in two layers of plastic wrap. Freeze for 8 hours up to 6 weeks. The night before you want to bake the rolls, thaw them out in the refrigerator, still wrapped. They will thaw overnight. Finish the rest of the steps to bake them.
CRAVING MORE CINNAMON ROLL RECIPES? TRY THESE
Cinnabons Cinnamon Rolls Cinnabons Cinnamon Rolls – a cinnabon copycat recipe, about the closest you'll get to the real thing. Super easy to make. 4.89 from 375 votes Print Pin Prep Time: 20 minutes Cook Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 40 minutes Servings: 12 Calories: 493 kcal Author: Joanna Cismaru Ingredients Dough 2 1/4 tsp active dry yeast or instant yeast
1 cup milk lukewarm
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1/3 cup butter unsalted, softened, or margarine
1 tsp salt
2 eggs
4 cups all-purpose flour Filling 1 cup brown sugar packed
3 tbsp cinnamon
1/3 cup butter unsalted, softened, or margarine Cream cheese icing 6 tbsp butter unsalted, softened, or margarine
1 1/2 cups powdered sugar also known as icing sugar, or confectioner's sugar
1/4 cup cream cheese at room temperature
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
1/8 tsp salt love what you see? Follow @jocooks on Pinterest! Instructions For the rolls, dissolve the yeast in the warm milk with a tsp of sugar (you can take a tsp out of the 1/2 cup of sugar) in a large bowl. Let it sit for about 5 minutes. If the yeast is good, it will start to froth up.
To the bowl of your mixer add the sugar, butter or margarine, salt, eggs, and flour and mix until well incorporated.
Pour the milk/yeast mixture over the flour mixture and using the dough hook, mix well until well incorporated.
Place the dough into an oiled bowl, cover and let rise in a warm place about 1 hour or until the dough has doubled in size.
Combine the brown sugar and cinnamon in a bowl.
Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray or butter.
Roll the dough out on a lightly floured surface, until it is approximately 16 inches long by 12 inches wide. It should be approximately 1/4 inch in thickness.
Spread the 1/3 cup of butter evenly over the dough, then sprinkle with the sugar evenly over the surface of the dough.
Working carefully, from the long edge, roll the dough down to the bottom edge.
Cut the dough into 1 1/2 inch slices, and place in a lightly greased baking pan. You can also use floss to cut into slices, as seen in the video. Place the cut rolls in the prepared pan. Cover with a clean kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let them rise for another 30 minutes, or until doubled in size.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Place the baking pan in the oven and bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Cooking time can vary greatly!
While the rolls are baking make the icing by mixing all the icing ingredients and beat well with an electric mixer until fluffy and smooth.
When the rolls are done, spread generously with icing. Video Notes Prep time does not include time to let the dough rise. Always check the expiration date on your yeast and make sure it hasn't expired. All your yeast products whether it's in a jar or a package should be stamped with a “Best if Used by” date. Always make sure you check this date, even when you purchase the yeast, who knows it could have been on the shelf past its expiry date. To keep your yeast fresh and longer lasting, unopened yeast packages or jars should be stored in a cool or dry place such as your cupboard. However, you can also store your yeast in the fridge or freezer. If you do store it in the freezer and need to use yeast for your baking, make sure you take out the amount you need and let it sit at room temperature for at least half hour before using. Once your yeast package or jar has been opened, you must refrigerate the yeast or freeze it in an airtight container. One thing to remember about your yeast, is that it is a living organism and over time it will lose activity, even if you've never opened the jar or package. So if you don't bake often, buy the smaller yeast packages rather than a big jar of yeast. Make sure your milk is not too hot or it could kill the yeast which will cause your dough not to rise at all. The ideal temperature for the milk should be between 105 F degrees and 110 F for proofing. While 95 F degrees is the best temperature for yeast to multiply, that's not warm enough for proofing active dry yeast. If after dissolving the yeast in the warm milk, the yeast didn't start to froth up, do not continue with the rolls, your dough will not rise. TIP: To speed up the dough rising process, heat your oven to 200 F degrees. Turn off the oven and place your dough as specified in step 4 in the oven with the door closed. This will ensure a warm environment for your dough and the dough will rise fairly quickly, assuming the yeast was good. You could prepare this the day before up until step 10. Cover the pan with plastic wrap and place it in the fridge overnight. The rolls should continue to rise in the fridge but if by morning they have not doubled in size, turn your oven on to 200 F degrees until it warms up, then turn it off. Place the pan in the oven for about 30 to 45 minutes until the rolls double in size. Then you can bake them as instructed. To freeze unbaked rolls, complete everything up to and including step 10, then wrap the pan in two layers of plastic wrap. Freeze for 8 hours up to 6 weeks. The night before you want to bake the rolls, thaw them out in the refrigerator, still wrapped. They will thaw overnight. Finish the rest of the steps to bake them. Please keep in mind that nutritional information is a rough estimate and can vary greatly based on products used. Nutrition Serving: 1 roll | Calories: 493 kcal | Carbohydrates: 76 g | Protein: 6 g | Fat: 18 g | Saturated Fat: 11 g | Cholesterol: 74 mg | Sodium: 269 mg | Potassium: 133 mg | Fiber: 2 g | Sugar: 42 g | vitamin A: 12 % | vitamin C: 0.1 % | Calcium: 8 % | Iron: 13.2 % tried this recipe? rate it below tag @jocooks on instagram and hashtag it #jocooks
HOW TO MAKE NO KNEAD 1 HOUR CINNAMON ROLLS:
From the Jo Cooks recipe archive originally posted September 29, 2012.
All images © Matt Willcocks
Hi Matt! Tell us a bit about yourself.
I come from a very humble background being born and raised on the South coast of Devon in an area known as Torbay. I'm a Freelance Photographer and I'm also really into sci-fi, collecting vinyl records and I absolutely love Mexican food. As a Freelance Photographer I've mainly worked with clothing brands and shoot for their social media feeds and online presence but I do take on a variety of other projects too. I've just come to the end of my first full year working as a Freelance Photographer and I'm thankfully a lot wiser than I was a year ago.
How did you get into photography?
As strange as it sounds initially I was quite heavily influenced by an ex-girlfriend. However, I had kind of always been intrigued by photography and as a child I remember playing around with disposable cameras on family holidays, but I had never really envisioned investing my time and focus into photography until I got to know people within my social group who were studying photography at college. I've never formally studied photography myself, however I would accompany those that were onto shoots for their course and various projects and observe/help. So this little hands-on introduction with my friends really helped establish my interest and fuelled my apatite to learn more about photography. I'm a bit of an obsessive problem solver and when I see an image I really love I think to myself "how did they accomplish that, what lens, what camera, what film, what exposure, what aperture?..." and in having this mindset I've allowed myself to grow and learn a lot.
When did you realise you wanted to make a career out of photography?
After working two years in a mundane 9-5 office job in London photography was and always has been my escape. I had slowly been improving my photography work whilst living in London and at the weekends I would go out on walks and take my camera with me much to the bemusement of my then girlfriend (lost count on how many portraits I took of her). I had crafted my knowledge to a level where I felt comfortable and happy to pursue this as a career and in the summer of 2013 I handed in my notice at my 9-5 job and decided to move back to Devon in order to become a Freelance Photographer.
Tell us a bit about your kit.
I mainly use a Pentax K1000 along with a 35mm Cosina Prime Lens and a Pentax 50mm Prime. I have a slightly more modern 35mm film camera in the form of a Nikon F100 which allows me to operate autofocus lenses and other such performance comforts. I would say that 70% of the work on my website I've shot with my Pentax K1000. My favourite 35mm films to use are Kodak Ektar 100, Fuji Superia 400 & Kodak Portra 160.
Why Pentax?
For me it's the reliability. I've taken my K1000 across the globe and not once have I ever had an issue. Beyond that I really like the aesthetics of the photos I take using my K1000, there's a certain softness in texture and colour which this camera can offer.
You use 35mm film - what draws you to this medium?
I'm asked about this a lot and I always say the same thing. Film introduces a certain magic back into photography and it instils a learning pattern which really ensures you don't get lazy with your composition and use of your limited shots. I've used digital cameras and they've been a solid part of my growth and development as a photographer, but film really captures my imagination and aesthetically looks far more pleasing to me than digital images.
What qualities does film have that digital doesn't?
Film enables me to create authentic and original looking photos without having to slave away on Photoshop/Lightroom. Beyond this I really love the variety of tones and textures available to shooting with film and there's a more physical interaction with film where you can influence the shot through light leeks, double exposures etc. Overall I feel like I'm more connected to my photography through film due to the more hands-on approach involved in achieving my work.
Do you have a genre of photography that you're most passionate about?
It's quite difficult to identify a genre as such. I would say that I'm intrigued by all kinds of photography from lifestyle travel photography to music portraiture. My core workload is within the lifestyle fashion side of things but I would say that my work lends itself to a multitude of genres and it would simply be narrow minded to pigeonhole myself.
What do you have planned for the future?
From the beginning of January 2015, I will be heading to Arizona and California in order to explore and take on projects. I hope to further establish myself through 2015 whilst continually learning and improving upon my work. Overall I just want to keep pushing myself and work with more clients, so If anyone in the states wishes to work with me get in 2015 get in touch!
For more information on Matt's photography, take a look at their website.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
If you've been waiting since childhood for the author of Goosebumps to team up with Marvel, then today is a treat for you.
Yesterday, R.L. Stine teased us a little with big news on Twitter:
Advertisement
“A few days” turned out to be just one, as the announcement came this morning that the series Stine will write will be a take on the Man-Thing for Marvel. A talking, sarcastic, Man-Thing.
Stine told the New York Times that “My first ambition was to be a comic book artist. I started doing these little comic books in the fourth grade: ‘Super Stooge,' the dumbest hero on earth.” Why did they write a series of books that have sold over 350 million copies worldwide? “I was terrible,” they said. “I had no choice but to be a writer.”
Stine will work with cover artist by Tyler Crook and artists German Peralta and Daniel Johnson to create a Man-Thing comic inspired by the same comics that inspired Goosebumps: horror comics of the ‘50s.
Advertisement
The first issue, set to come out in March, will follow Man-Thing's visit to Burbank, California to find out why they aren't in a big budget blockbuster. By the way, take it from someone who grew up right next to Burbank, there are a lot more studios there than the more famous, and more fun to visit, Hollywood.
Apparently, Stine picked Man-Thing from a selection of offers because they just can't get over their love of swamp monsters. And in that way, aren't we all R.L. Stine?
The Pentagon has tapped some science and technology's greatest minds to help innovate U.S. military capabilities and culture, and members of the panel say they will continue serving in the Trump administration if asked.
Eric Schmidt, the chairperson of the board and chairperson of Google's parent company, Alphabet, said they expect everyone to stay on to serve under retired General James Mattis, if the board is invited to continue its work.
"No one has told me they are leaving," Schmidt told reporters Monday at the Pentagon after the first board meeting since the presidential election.
Famed astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, a board member who said in November that Americans now have a four-year mission to "make America smart again," told reporters the board is there to serve the country, not one particular administration.
"I think there's a higher mission statement that we all live by here and expect that that will just continue," deGrasse Tyson said.
11 recommendations
The Defense Innovation Board was created by Defense Secretary Ash Carter in April 2016 to incorporate some of the technological innovations and practices of Silicon Valley into the military.
The board voted Monday to approve 11 recommendations for the Department of Defense, including appointing a new chief innovation officer, establishing a career track for computer scientists in the military, and assessing cybersecurity vulnerabilities of advanced weapons.
The board's recommendations also included establishing incentives for "bureaucracy busting" activities that provide barriers to innovation, along with establishing a Defense Department center for studying artificial intelligence, also known as AI.
"It's a matter of thinking of AI not as something to be done in pieces, but to be a fundamental core business of the military," deGrasse Tyson told reporters. "To think of it in some context other than that would really be to our own peril going forward."
Ten of the 15 Defense Innovation Board members attended Monday's meeting. Those attending included Marne Levine, the chief operating officer of Instagram, and Jennifer Pahlka, executive director of Code for America.
(Newser) – The Washington Post calls it the "one of the most bizarre burglary cases in the region in years," and it's tough to argue: A 29-year-old man moved into a vacant $6 million mansion and claimed rightful ownership as a Moorish American National. In fact, Lamont Butler argued—literally so, because they defended themselves in court—that all of the US really belongs to them and their Moor peers because the continent is still part of a Moroccan empire and thus our modern leases are meaningless. Unfortunately for them and their girlfriend, the jury didn't agree and convicted both on charges including burglary and identity fraud. See the Post for the full story, which gets into how Butler's case fits into the "sovereign citizen" movement. Indeed, "it seemed like they were making up their own laws,” says one juror. (Read more Lamont Butler stories.)
As you probably know, there is annual convention called Flock. This year's is happening in Cape Cod, Hyannis, MA and will begin the morning of Tuesday, August 29. Sessions will continue each day until midday on Friday, September 1.
I have asked all of the session leaders from Flock some questions.
And now you are about to read one of the responses.
CommOps and Metrics Workshop by Sachin S. Kamath
What does your talk focus on?
The workshop has two parts. During the initial 90 minutes, we will discuss on how metrics help Fedora and will be showcasing the CommOps Toolbox. There will be a quick demo and also a hands-on session on metrics generation.
For the next 90 minutes, we will have a CommOps Hack session where we will work together to close the existing tickets in our issue tracker.
Who should attend?
This is a great session for anyone who wants to :
Understand how the CommOps Team functions.
Learn how metrics are generated.
Loves data and want to play around with it.
“Hack” on the issues faced by community.
Contribute to the Community Operations team
Without giving too much away, what can attendees expect to learn or
do in your session?
The attendees will have a better understanding of how the CommOps team brings “heat and light” to the different areas of Fedora. Also, the attendees will be able to generate their own metrics reports / develop tools for statistics using the existing metrics toolset.
What is the goal of your session at Flock?
The goal of this session is to help people understand metrics and CommOps tasks, better. This workshop will help attendees understand what the Community Operations Team does to help the Fedora community. Another major goal of the is to help people have a better understanding of the metrics tasks and guide them in building their own metrics tools.
What does it affect in the project?
CommOps is a fun team to be in. We continually work with the other SIGs and help them better their onboarding process, help with Wiki gardening, conduct elections, etc. This session will help bring in more contributors to the project to help the existing infrastructure we have.
What do you do in Fedora/how long have you been involved in the project?
I started contributing to Fedora via the Glittergallery project. After that, I joined the Community Operations team as a Google Summer of Code Intern and am currently working on improving onboarding and the metrics activities of the team. I am also working with the Fedora Join SIG to organize Fedora Classroom sessions.
What attracts you to this type of work or part of the project?
I believe that the community is the most important part of any open source projects. I have been using Fedora for four years, and the sense of giving back to the community motivated me to contribute to the project. I also find data very fascinating
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Telegram
Reddit
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Pocket
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
Escalating tensions with Russia, Turkey defended its forced landing of a Syrian passenger jet en route from Moscow to Damascus, saying Thursday it was carrying Russian ammunition and military equipment destined for the Syrian Defence Ministry.
Syria branded the incident piracy and Russia called the search illegal, saying it endangered the lives of Russian citizens aboard the plane.
The accusation by Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan contradicted denials by both Russia and Syria that anything illegal had been aboard the Airbus A320 that was intercepted over Turkish airspace late Wednesday.
"Equipment and ammunitions that were being sent from a Russian agency ... to the Syrian Defence Ministry," were confiscated from the jetliner, Erdoğan told reporters in Ankara. "Their examination is continuing and the necessary (action) will follow."
Reports of missile parts
They did not provide details, but Turkish media said the seized cargo included missile parts as well as radio receivers, antennas and other military communications equipment.
"As you know, defence industry equipment or weapons, ammunitions ... cannot be carried on passenger planes," Erdoğan said. "It is against international rules for such things to pass through our airspace."
Erdoğan refused to say how — or from whom — Turkey had learned that the twice-weekly scheduled flight would be used to transport military gear to Syria.
"As you will appreciate, those who gave the tip, which establishments, these things cannot be disclosed," they said.
U.S. and Canada back Turkey
The United States said it backed Turkey's decision to intercept the plane.
"Any transfer of any military equipment to the Syrian regime at this time is very concerning, and we look forward to hearing more from the Turkish side when they get to the bottom of what they found," said State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland.
They declined to comment on Turkish reports that the intelligence on the plane's contents had come from the United States. The plane was allowed to continue to Damascus after several hours, without the cargo.
The action by Turkey also won the wholehearted approval of Canada's foreign affairs minister, John Baird.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said the contents of the plane were being examined and that the "necessary" action would be taken. (Associated Press)
In a statement, Baird said that Canada has continually supported efforts to prevent weapons from reaching Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's regime, amid what they described as the leader's "bloody struggle to cling to power."
"We commend Turkey on successfully stopping one such shipment today," Baird said. "These efforts will help limit the Assad regime's ability to kill civilians in Syria."
Baird added that Canada wants the bloodshed in Syria to end quickly, and urged the UN Security Council to push for further sanctions as well as an arms embargo "to bring pressure to bear on the Assad regime."
Turkish-Syrian relations have plummeted over the conflict in Syria, which has expanded into a civil war that threatens the stability of the Middle East. Syrian opposition activists estimate more than 32,000 people have been killed since March 2011, when the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's regime began.
17 Russian citizens on board
Turkey has called for Assad to step down and Damascus accuses Turkey of supporting the rebels. The two neighbours have traded artillery fire over Syria's northern border throughout the past week.
Hours before, the Turkish statement Russian Ambassador Vladimir Ivanovsky had held talks with Turkish officials at the Foreign Ministry.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Alexander Lukashevich had said earlier Thursday that Moscow was concerned that lives and safety of the 35 passengers, including 17 Russian citizens, had been endangered.
They said Turkey without explanation denied Russian consular officials and a doctor access to the passengers, who had not been allowed into the airport for eight hours or provided with food.
"The Russian side continues to insist on an explanation for the Turkish authorities' actions toward Russian citizens and on the adoption of measures to avoid such incidents in the future," Lukashevich said in a statement.
Syria has denied that the plane, which was intercepted by Turkish military jets on Wednesday, was carrying illicit cargo. (Burhan Ozbilici/Associated Press)
Turkey's Foreign Ministry issued a statement saying that the pilot of the Syrian Air plane from Moscow had been warned of Turkey's intention to ground it as they approached from the Black Sea on Wednesday evening. It said they were given the chance to turn back, but that they decided to continue theirs course.
Rejecting claims that passengers were ill-treated, the Turkish statement said they were allowed to leave the plane if they wanted and that there was a medical crew and ambulances on standby. It also said that the pilot did not provide a passenger list and therefore Turkish officials did not know there were Russians on board until after it landed.
Separately, the Foreign Ministry said it had submitted a formal protest note to Syria for the violation of civil aviation rules and declared Syrian airspace unsafe for Turkish planes.
Syrian Transportation Minister Mohammad Ibrahim Said said Turkey's decision to force the plane to land amounted to piracy.
The general manager of the Syrian Civil Aviation Agency also blasted Turkey's forced landing of the plane, calling it "contrary to regulations and aviation norms."
Ghaidaa Abdul-Latif told reporters in Damascus that the plane's pilots were not asked to land but were instead surprised by Turkish F-16 fighter jets, which forced them to land.
Moscow airport denies 'forbidden' cargo on board
A Syrian Airlines engineer who was aboard, Haithan Kasser, said armed Turkish officials boarded the plane and handcuffed the crew before inspecting packages that they said contained electrical equipment.
Abdul-Latif said the officials seized some packages after presenting official documents.
[IMAGEGALLERY galleryid=3115 size=small]
The Moscow airport that cleared the Syrian plane for takeoff denied there was any forbidden cargo on board.
"No objects whose transportation would have been forbidden under aviation regulations were on board," said Vnukovo Airport spokesperson Yelena Krylova, ITAR-Tass reported
Krylova said all documentation related to the cargo was in order. They would not say who had sent the cargo.
A Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesperson also denied that the plane carried any arms or prohibited goods and called on Turkey to return the plane's full contents.
Inside Syria, battles continued in the southern Idlib province that abuts the Turkish border as rebels sought to consolidate control of a strategic town on the country's main north-south highway. Rebels said they captured Maaret al-Numan on Wednesday. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said clashes continued Thursday after rebels attacked a military convoy and nearby army checkpoints. The fighting killed more than a dozen people, the Observatory said.
The Observatory also said eight people were killed and another eight wounded when unknown gunmen fired on their bus near the coastal city of Tartous. Syria's state news agency SANA said the men were Syrian workers returning from Lebanon.
In the southern province of Daraa, gunmen shot dead the brother of a member of Syria's parliament while raiding their home, the Observatory and SANA said. The parliament member, Khalid al-Abboud, regularly defends the Syrian regime on TV.
The Observatory said gunmen also killed the son of another legislator, Mohammed Kheir al-Mashi, at their home in Idlib province.
Activist claims could not be independently verified because of restrictions on reporting in Syria.
State-run Syrian TV said there was an explosion in the capital Thursday night at the Ministry of Education and the Military Court. A Syrian official said the blast wounded two people and caused material damage. The official asked that their name not be used because they are not allowed to speak publicly.
When starting the game, the player has the option to ask about a "Nuzlocke Challenge". Professor Oak explains the basic rules.
1) All Pokémon that faint is dead. There is no way to heal them. You can release them if you want, but if you hold on to them they won't do you much good, as Nurses will refuse to heal your Pokémon if there is a fainted member in your party.
2) Going along with the last rule, all Revives, Max Revives, Revival Herbs, etc. won't work. You will get a message saying you can't use it during a Nuzlocke, and if you try using it in battle (why would you?) you lose that turn.
3) You may only catch the first Pokémon you encounter on each Route. If you accidentally kill it, run out of Pokeballs, or run away, too bad for you! The only exception to this rule is if you have captured the same species, or it is registered in your Pokedex, killing the Pokémon or running away from it will NOT use up your capture attempt for that location. If you choose to catch it though, that is your only capture for that location.
So the screenshots show some of these features as they appear in the game, as well as another look at my new bag and battle interfaces. Enjoy!
After seeing this being implemented in a few other fan games and the general love for Nuzlockes in the Pokémon Community, I decided to add Nuzlocke Mode to Melanite. The scripts themselves aren't too difficult, just figuring out how some of them would need to work was a challenge I enjoyed working on, rage quitting, and trying again and succeeding.
Manga de Dokuha (Japanese: まんがで読破, lit. "Reading Through with Manga") is a series of manga versions of classic literature. Published by East Press, the aim of the series is to introduce average personga readers to important literary works they would otherwise not be aware of or willing to read. The series received press coverage for its publication of often controversial political treatises. East Press published best-selling versions of the communist novel Kanikōsen, Karl Marx's Das Kapital, and Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf. Some of the books were translated and made available in other languages, such as English and Spanish.
Overview [ edit ]
Manga de Dokuha was launched by East Press in an effort to expose young Japanese people to classic works of literature in a manga format. Kosuke Maruo produces each book in the series and outlines the narrative, while artwork is created by Variety Art Works.[1] The books in the series were often sold through easily accessible convenience stores, including 7-Eleven. Maruo said that "We thought that maybe we could get people to read well-known works perceived as tough reads by turning them into manga and selling them at convenience stores." In July 2008, the series' first 17 entries had sold over 900,000 copies.[2] The average sales for an entry in the series were around 35,000.[1]
Between November 2011 and November 2012,[3][4] JManga made available online 14 Manga de Dokuha titles; No Longer Human, Das Kapital, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, Night on the Galactic Railroad, The Book of Five Rings, I Am a Cat, Seton's Wild Animals, Sutta Nipata, One Thousand and One Nights, The Metamorphosis, Journey to the West, In Search of Lost Time, The Art of War, and The Narrow Road to the Deep North.[5] Also, One Peace Books released Don Quixote, The Great Gatsby, Moby-Dick, Ulysses, and The War of the Worlds as part of its "Manga Classic Readers" series on September 1, 2012.[6] Canadian company Red Quill Books physically published Das Kapital in 2012 as Capital in Manga!.[7]
Spanish division of Verlag Herder publishes the series in the country since 2011.[8] Thus Spoke Zarathustra, Divine Comedy, The Prince, The Art of War, The Social Contract, Das Kapital, Iliad and Odyssey (in a single book), Nineteen Eighty-Four, The Antichrist, Analects, and Tao Te Ching are the eleven books published by the company.[9]
Significant entries [ edit ]
Kanikōsen and Das Kapital [ edit ]
Kanikōsen, published by East Press on October 2007 First manga edition of, published by East Press on October 2007
Kanikōsen (蟹工船) (published in English as The Crab Canning Ship or The Crab Ship) is a 1929 Japanese novel by Takiji Kobayashi. Written from a left-wing political perspective, the book follows the crew of a crab fishing ship living under oppressive conditions while being exploited by capitalists. The novel, which typically sells around 5,000 copies a year, became an unexpected bestseller in 2008 and sold over 507,000 copies that year. The same year, East Press published its own manga version of the novel, which sold over 200,000 copies.[10] In response to the popularity of the communist-themed Kanikōsen manga, East Press published a manga version of Karl Marx's 1867 treatise Das Kapital. This version presents the original Marxist anti-capitalist principles via the fictionalized tale of Robin, the owner of a cheese factory who experiences guilt for exploiting their workers and betraying their father's socialist principles. Maruo stated that "I think people are looking to Marx for answers to the problems with capitalist society. Obviously, the recent global crisis suggests that the system isn't working properly." East Press's edition of Das Kapital sold 6,000 copies in its first few days of publication.[11]
The renewed success of both the novel and manga versions of Kanikōsen, as well as that of the manga Das Kapital, were often discussed in the context of the rising popularity of left-wing literature in Japan, the late-2000s recession affecting Japan, and growing membership of the Japanese Communist Party.[10][12][13] According to Waseda University literature professor Hirokazu Toeda, "Kanikōsen is discussed and analyzed every time a critical social issue occurs — the disparity society, severe labor conditions, consumer product falsification, random killings. This is a unique characteristic of the Kanikōsen boom and it now is symbolizing or mirroring all those negative aspects of current day Japan."[14] Daisuke Asao, a senior office of the National Confederation of Trades Unions, said that "the situation of those labourers in the book is very similar to modern temporary workers: the unpredictable contracts, the working under heavy supervision, violence from supervisors, the widespread sexual harassment and the pressure against unionisation are all things that modern Japanese recognise every day."[12] Anti-poverty activist Kosuke Hashimoto responded to the books' popularity, saying "I think many young people in Japan are afraid of the future, and that fear is sometimes turning to anger. Reading comics might only be the start."[13] Social welfare advocate Kaori Katada said that "Poverty has been a growing and visible problem for some time, but now people are looking for answers about why it is returning. That's why they're turning to these books."[13]
Mein Kampf [ edit ]
A version of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf (わが闘争, Waga Tōsō) was published in October 2008. The book is Hitler's autobiography, in which they outline their Nazi political ideology. The manga version of Mein Kampf was a minor commercial success, selling 45,000 copies.[15] However, it also proved to be controversial. The Financial Ministry of Bavaria, which owns the copyright to the book and has refused to publish it in Germany, issued a statement saying that manga was an inappropriate medium for Hitler's writing.[15] Bavaria's former Japanese representative Toshio Obata stated, "Even 60 years after the end of war, Nazism remains a sensitive issue in Germany. Did East Press exhaust discussions before publishing it? Did it consider the difference between Japan and Germany as to how manga is viewed as a medium?"[1] Maruo defended its publication, saying "Mein Kampf is a well-known book, but relatively few people have read it. We think this will provide clues about Hitler as a human being, as to their way of thinking that led to such tragedy, even though they were dismissed as a 'monster.'" The publication of the manga helped reignite the debate in Germany as to whether the ban on the book should be lifted.[1]
List of entries [ edit ]
Ossabaw Island hog An Ossabaw hog at the National Zoo in Washington D.C. Conservation status Critical Other names Ossabaw Island Country of origin Ossabaw Island USA Traits Weight Male: Under 200 pounds (90 kg)
Female: Under 200 pounds (90 kg) Pig
Sus scrofa domesticus
The Ossabaw Island hog or Ossabaw Island is a breed of pig derived from a population of feral pigs on Ossabaw Island, Georgia, United States. The original Ossabaw hogs are descended from swine released on the island in the 16th century by Spanish explorers. A breeding population has been established on American farms off the island, but they remain a critically endangered variety of pig.
History [ edit ]
As the Spanish explored the coast of the Americas in the 16th century, livestock such as pigs were often left on islands as a future food source.[1] This was the origin of the pigs that would become the Ossabaw breed. Over the following hundreds of years, the population of these feral pigs remained isolated on Ossabaw, which is one of the Sea Islands, barrier islands off the Georgia coast, and there was very little introduction of other domestic breeds.[1] Since 1978 the island has been owned by the State and managed by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources (DNR) as a preserve.[2]
The human population of the island was never high, and the pigs generally ranged freely over its entire acreage. Like feral pigs elsewhere in the world, those on Ossabaw have had an adverse effect on native habitat and species. The pigs are highly omnivorous, and will consume everything from roots and tubers to small reptiles and mammals. Ossabaw hogs have even been observed feeding on white-tailed deer entrails.[3]
Ossabaw Island hogs have been documented as having a negative impact on endangered species such as the loggerhead sea turtle and snowy plover, disturbing nests and eating eggs.[3] This, plus the varied other impacts they have on the ecosystem, have convinced the Georgia DNR to recommend the eradication of feral swine via trapping, shooting and hunting by the public.[3]
Aside from the environmental concerns posed by Ossabaw Island hogs, they are also recognized as a unique genetic resource by scientists and breed conservationists. They are thought to be the only U.S. breed which is descended from the Iberian-type pigs brought to North America by the Spanish.[4] A very small breeding population of Ossabaw hogs are kept off the island by farmers who market them as a form of heritage pork, and there are also herds at several zoos, at Mount Vernon, Colonial Williamsburg, Conner Prairie Interactive History Park (Fishers, Indiana), and Barrington Living History Farm in Washington, Texas. Captive breeding populations were also previously kept by a few American universities for scientific study and conservation, but these herds were dissolved and have not contributed to the current bloodlines of Ossabaw hogs on the mainland today.[5]
Both the island and mainland populations continue to be considered vulnerable by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy (ALBC), Slow Food USA, and others.[1] The breed is listed as "critical" on the priority list of the ALBC,[6] and is also included in Slow Food's Ark of Taste, a catalog of heritage foods in danger of extinction.[7]
The population on the island is currently controlled by the methods advised by the DNR, and it is unclear how much longer the population will avoid eradication entirely. Due to the presence of vesicular stomatitis and pseudorabies on the island,[6] no more live pigs may be removed from the island. The mainland U.S. population kept by farmers is preserved because of interest from the sustainable agriculture movement.
Characteristics [ edit ]
An Ossabaw Island hog with a spotted coat
The breed characteristics of Ossabaw Island hogs in both phenotype and genotype have been shaped by the pressures of feral life in an island habitat. They are small swine, less than 20 inches (510 mm) tall and weighing less than 200 pounds (90 kg) at maturity.[2] This size is partly due to the phenomenon of insular dwarfism,[7] and individuals kept in off-island farms may grow slightly larger in successive generations. They are also hardy and very good foragers, making them useful in extensive farming (as opposed to intensive pig farming).[2]
Ossabaw hogs appear in a wide range of colors, with the most common being black and a spotted variety. Ossabaw piglets do not show the striping that wild boars do, and because of their isolation on the island they are not hybridized, as the razorback may be. They additionally have long snouts, upright ears, and a heavy coat of bristles compared to other pig breeds. Ossabaws are noted to be intelligent and to have a friendly temperament.[2]
As a result of life on an island where the abundance and scarcity of food is seasonally variable, Ossabaw hogs store fat in a different manner than most domestic pigs and have a "thrifty gene". In conditions with constant supplies of food (such as on farms and in the laboratory) they accrue more fat than other pigs and may develop a "prediabetes" condition.[2] Because this trait makes them useful as a model organism, scientific studies on metabolic syndrome and Type II diabetes have been conducted on the Ossabaw hog.[8] Ossabaw hogs also have adapted to the high salt diets and minimal availability of fresh water on the island.[9]
The meat of Ossabaws is dark, with a unique texture,[4] and is prized for resembling the jamón ibérico of the black Iberian pig.[10] It is considered to be artisanal, heritage product especially well-suited to use in pork, cured meats,[11] and whole pig roasts.[4]
See also [ edit ]
List of domestic pig breeds
Grice - an extinct pig from Shetland
CLOSE 18-year-old Malachi Love-Robinson was released from the Palm Beach County jail Wednesday on $21,000 bond on charges of practicing medicine without a license, fraud and grand theft. (Feb. 17) AP
A photo, date not known, provided by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Department shows Malachi Love-Robinson. (Photo11: AP)
(NEWSER) – Visitors to the New Birth New Life Medical Center and Urgent Care offices in West Palm Beach, Fla., may have noticed that Dr. Malachi Love-Robinson looked a little young to be a doctor. That's because he's only 18 years old — and they aren't a doctor.
Police say the Doogie Howser-wannabe was arrested after an undercover officer posed as a patient and received a physical exam and medical advice from the teen, NBC News reports. They have been charged with practicing medicine without a license, and authorities say they were cited by the state health department for doing the same thing a few months ago.
On the medical office's website, Love-Robinson poses in a white coat and describes themselves as a "well-rounded professional."
According to WPBF, Love-Robinson is the same teenager who posed as an OB-GYN at St. Mary's Medical Center in West Palm Beach for a month last year. They admitted to the station last month that they were that teen, but they claimed they aren't impersonating a doctor when they roamed the medical center wearing a lab coat and stethoscope.
"I requested to shadow physicians—next thing I know, cops are there, that's all I know," they said.
Love-Robinson also apparently made house calls: A Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office spokesperson tells WPBF that an 86-year-old woman alleges that Love-Robinson visited their house when they were sick, told them they needed to go to a hospital—and stole their checkbook. (Patients became suspicious when this "doctor" kept bumming rides.)
This story originally appeared on Newser:
More from Newser:
Newser is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Xy032A
Retail sales climb a robust 4.7% in February from a year earlier
The increase beats analysts' expectations of a 3.4% rise. Discounters, teen retailers and apparel sellers all post sales increases.
Major chain stores posted a healthy 4.7% sales increase in February compared with the same month a year earlier, beating analysts' expectations of a 3.4% rise, according to Thomson Reuters. Discounters, teen retailers and apparel sellers all posted sales increases.
"February was obviously very encouraging," said Sherif Mityas, a partner in the retail practice at consulting firm A.T. Kearney Inc. "The retailers got some great tail winds coming out of January with really great weather, they put new merchandise on the shelf, and consumer confidence is up because jobs are up. When you put all those together, it makes for a good month."
Strong retail sales and other good news about unemployment claims and consumer spending helped push the stock market up Thursday, with the Dow Jones industrial average rising 28 points to 12,980 points. Retail analysts were upbeat about the coming months but cautioned that soaring gasoline prices could potentially damp consumer spending.
Shoppers hit the malls in February with their wallets open and handed retailers a robust start to the spring season amid another sign of a recovering economy.
At Westfield Century City in Los Angeles on Wednesday, shopper Christopher Tobin was eagerly hunting for trendy pieces to spice up their wardrobe. The stylist from Hollywood Hills said that after cutting back their spending last year, they were comfortable splurging again on some luxury items.
"Business has picked up, and I'm OK spending on things that I want," Tobin said, showing off a leather Escada handbag they bought last week for nearly $1,000. "I'm definitely browsing for spring items and cool trends, and if there's something that's great, I'll get it."
Recent signs that the job market is perking up have spurred people to spend more freely, analysts said. People applying for unemployment benefits dropped last week to the lowest level in four years, the Labor Department said Thursday. The Commerce Department reported that consumer spending increased 0.2% and incomes rose 0.3% in January.
Industry watchers say that unseasonably warm weather also drove shoppers to start spring shopping earlier than normal, and that this momentum is likely to carry into the coming months if good news about the economy continues.
"There were no snowstorms keeping people at home," said Judith Russell, editor of the Robin Report, a retail industry publication. "People are also more comfortable with buying items at full price."
Top performers were a mixture of high- and low-end stores. Teen retailer the Buckle led the way with a 14.8% surge, and action-sports chain Zumiez Inc. posted a 14.2% jump. Luxury retailer Nordstrom Inc. reported a 10.2% rise. Off-price chains TJX Cos. and Ross both reported increases of 9%. Buoyed by Valentine's Day giving, Limited Brands, parent company of Victoria's Secret and Bath and Body Works, saw sales rise 8%.
After months of lackluster sales, retail giant Gap Inc. pulled off one of the most surprising results with a 4% sales bump, led by a 12% surge at its Banana Republic stores.
"Customers responded well to our spring product," Gap Chief Executive Glenn Murphy said in a statement.
Other retailers did not fare as well. Teen clothier Wet Seal said sales fell 5.8%, while struggling Kohl's Corp. reported a 0.8% drop. All told, about 80% of retailers beat expectations, according to Thomson Reuters' tally of 18 retailers.
Results are based on sales at stores open at least a year, which are considered an important measure of a retailer's health because they exclude the effect of store openings and closings.
Although analysts predict that healthy levels of consumer spending will continue into the spring, some worry that high gas prices may burn away extra cash that people might otherwise have for shopping.
(Photo: Tony Fischer / Flickr)Two years ago, nearly to the day, I penned an article about the degree to which the Christmas season generally makes me want to tear my skull out from under my face and lob it through the window of the nearest storefront that has the gall to play “Jingle Bells” on an endless loop from a sidewalk speaker. I have my reasons, valid ones all, and I'm pretty sure I'm not alone.
I am not, however, a curmudgeon. Sure, my “Christmas spirit” takes an annual beating when the commercials start in June, and the same songs are played all the time everywhere (I think the last new piece of Christmas music was written in the year 2), and the overwhelming commercialism of the whole thing makes me wonder why we don't all just live in the mall and get it over with…but then the day itself arrives, and I see family and friends, and get to watch them enjoy my gifts, and get to enjoy my own, and in the end, it's nice.
While I am not a to-the-knife defender of all things Christmas, I do believe it is important, especially for the children. All of my best Christmas memories are from before I was ten years old. There was a simple magic to it – the tree, the anticipation, the cookies and milk for the guy who would be coming down the chimney – that I still haven't forgotten, and this year, I get to share it with my daughter for the very first time.
So when I saw this article on Tuesday morning, I very nearly went around the bend:
As Santa streaks through the sky this Christmas Eve, Rudolph merrily guiding the way, they will be flanked by some new and unusual companions: a jet-fighter escort, bristling with missiles. That is the twist that – to the dismay of at least some child advocates – the US military has chosen to put on this year's version of its traditional animated tracking of the yuletide journey. This year's updated segment, now previewing on the military's website, depicts Santa soaring over snow-capped peaks with military aircraft keeping pace on either side. Adding the jets is “part of our effort to give the program more of an operational feel,” said Navy Captain Jeff A. Davis, a spokesperson for the command that sponsors the event, the North American Aerospace Defense Command, also known as NORAD. NORAD's headquarters is deep inside a mountain in Colorado, one of the highest-profile vestiges of the Cold War, with a mission of tracking and intercepting such potential nuclear threats as enemy bombers or ballistic missiles headed for US airspace. It has been sponsoring a Track Santa program since the mid-1950s to draw attention to its radar-tracking, jet-scrambling capabilities. An intelligence officer asserts that “intel can confirm that Jack Frost and the Abominable Snowman will not be a threat.” Ground forces then report that all rooftops have been checked to make sure Santa, whose call sign is “Big Red One,” and their reindeer can land safely. Could Santa's navigation system be attacked by a computer virus? Another officer in charge of cyberspace chimes in that the “anti-Grinch-viral is up and will continue to monitor threats.”
Threats? To Santa Claus? Whose bright idea was this? Now, for the first time in history, children who see this nonsense will go to bed on Christmas Eve worried that someone might try to kill Santa Claus, an idea that no kid anywhere has ever been required to encompass.
You really have to see this turd to believe it. The martial drumming, the terrible graphics, the cameras and radar stations surveilling everything, and of course, the war weapons on Santa's six. You'd think the “defense” industry would treat Santa with more dignity. They know if you are sleeping, they know if you're awake, they know if you've been bad or good, so for goodness sake, the guy should be on retainer with the NSA.
The NORAD tracking thing has been around for almost 60 years, and when I was old enough to know better, I loved watching how it made the younger kids lose their minds when Santa's “position” was reported by the local TV news stations…but this deal with the fighter jets is not just some cute new wrinkle they've added.
It is product placement and the creation of brand loyalty to the military in the minds of young children, which in the end makes it recruiting. Period, end of file.
Brazen demonstrations of war weapons are already an enormous part of American culture. They do fly-overs at practically every major sporting event, soldiers carry the flag and sing the anthem, and half the children's cartoons on television involve war fighting in some form or another. It is practically inescapable, and has been getting more intense with each passing year. The biggest Disney movie out right now is about crop dusters racing F-15s.
In a way, I suppose, NORAD should be commended. After all, they've finally found a use for the multi-billion-dollar boondoggle F-35 Joint Strike Fighter: keeping Santa “safe” from “threats.”
Guys, give it a rest already. You've already got the kids hooked on war in a hundred ways. Leave the fighter jets in the hangar on Christmas Eve. Santa will be just fine on their own. They always have been.
We live in a wonderful age where, if a specific game doesn't exist, an inspired individual will just up and say, "It shall be done!" The tools of creation have never been more easily accessible, and it has resulted in both original and familiar experiences for just about anybody's tastes. On that note, who's ready for a SNES-style RPG set in the American Old West with graphics heavily inspired by the EarthBound series? I can't see you guys through the screen, but I'm assuming a lot of hands just shot up in unison!
Boot Hill Heroes is the first-year student effort of Experimental Gamer, a two-man team consisting of Dave Welch and Ben (last name mystery!), and it's quite remarkable thus far! Not only does it look fantastic, it also features four-player, drop-in, drop-out, local co-op, simply because why the hell not? If this masterpiece-in-the-making can come together without a hitch, it'll should be available on PC and XBLIG this October.
That's where you guys come in. Yes, there is a Kickstarter page, but as you can clearly see, the game is mostly complete. All Dave and Ben really need funds for is original audio, estimated at $5000. If they don't meet their goal, they'll find a way to make the money somehow, though it'll delay the release. You don't want that to happen, do you?
Boot Hill Heroes [Experimental Gamer]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Click to open photo gallery:
Here's a list of NFL team single-season records that could be broken this season:
Points
The Broncos have scored 535 points this season and have a good chance of breaking the record of 589, set by the 2007 Patriots.
Touchdowns
The Broncos have scored 68 touchdowns this season and have a good chance of breaking the record of 75, set by the 2007 Patriots.
Extra points
The Broncos have kicked 67 extra points this season and have a good chance of breaking the record of 74, set by the 2007 Patriots.
Passing first downs
The Broncos have 254 passing first downs this season, giving them a shot at the record of 280, set by the Saints in 2011.
Most first downs allowed
The Cowboys' defense has allowed 350 first downs, putting them in striking range of the all-time record of 406, set by the 1981 Baltimore Colts.
Most passing first downs allowed
The Cowboys' defense has also allowed 209 passing first downs, putting them in striking range of the all-time record of 246, set by the 2011 Packers.
Most total yards allowed
The Cowboys' defense has allowed 5,982 total yards this season, putting them in striking range of the all-time record of 7,042, set by the 2012 Saints.
Most passing yards allowed
The Cowboys' defense has allowed 4,163 passing yards this season, putting them in striking range of the all-time record of 4,796, set by the 2011 Packers.
Fewest punt return yards allowed
The Seahawks have allowed just 19 punt return yards this season. The NFL record is 22, set by the 1967 Packers.
Safeties
Here's one you never would have guessed: The Jaguars have scored three safeties this season. The NFL record is four, first set by the 1927 Cleveland Bulldogs and equaled four times since then. So if the Jaguars get one more safety, they'll have a share of an NFL scoring record. (Jacksonville's safeties came on a holding penalty on Chance Warmack in the end zone against the Titans, a penalty on Brandon Weeden for illegally kicking a loose ball in the end zone against the Browns and a blocked punt out the end zone against the Chiefs.)
Spread the love
Troy, Alabama – The son of a controversial conservative judge was recently arrested on drug charges near the scene of an attempted break-in, but they say that they were set up by “crooked cops.”
24-year-old Caleb Moore, son of Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, was arrested for possession of marijuana and the prescription tranquilizer Xanax this Sunday.
Not only is Caleb's father a judge, but they are notorious for their traditional Christian rulings. Roy Moore has made national headlines for their positions on same-sex marriage, and their fight against the federal government to keep stone tablets of the 10 commandments displayed in their courtroom.
It is true that the 10 commandments never said anything about the non-violent act of drug use, but it is also true that Roy Moore has been in favor of the drug war for the duration of their career.
Although Caleb has been arrested for drugs in the past, they are claiming that they were set up by crooked cops, who want to get back at their father for their controversial positions.
On Monday morning, Caleb made the following post to their Facebook page:
“This is nothing more than a prime example of how media and crooked police officers and critics of my dad try to not only destroy their career for what they stand for but will go as far as trying to destroy their family. I am not a drug user as the drug test taken today will show. As for the malicious possession charges, justice will be served.”
It is interesting how little faith Caleb is showing in the justice system that their father has spent their life deeply entrenched with.
When they were arrested previously and admitted to their charges, they told AL.com that “I've done nothing more than any other college kids. Because of who I am, it gets blown out of proportion. Since then I've got in a closer walk with the Lord. Whatever anyone says about me, it doesn't bother me. The people who know me and know what's true can really see what's going on here and see through critics of my dad.”
Caleb is scheduled to appear in court on April 7th, and it will be interesting to see how their case is dealt with in comparison to the average drug offender.
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to their writing and activist work they organize a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page. You can find their 65-chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 20, 2015, 10:14 PM GMT / Updated Jan. 20, 2015, 10:17 PM GMT
The U.S. government has agreed to pay a New York woman $134,000 for having set up a fake Facebook page using their identity, according to court documents filed Tuesday.
The woman, Sondra Arquiett of Watertown, about 75 miles north of Syracuse, sued Drug Enforcement Administration Agent Timothy Sinnigen in October after they created the fake page — which included a photo of them with their young son and niece — to use in investigations. The Justice Department said at the time the suit was filed that Arquiett implicitly agreed to the use of their data because they were on their cellphone when they were arrested in July 2010 on charges of possession with intent to distribute cocaine, for which they served six months of weekend incarceration.
The government admitted no liability or guilt in the settlement, which was filed in U.S. District Court in Albany. In a letter to DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart, Facebook said the agency had committed "a knowing and serious breach of Facebook's terms and policies" — that is, lying about a user's identity.
For once I decided to make a fan art early instead of waiting 3 years to make it.
Anywhoozers, hope you all like it.
Update: I saw "Frozen", it was even better than I thought it would be. I'll most likely draw another character from there. I'm leaning toward Kristoff on that.
I fixed a few things in this picture and made it bigger for downloading purposes.
Thanks to everyone who favorited this picture and put it in their collections. I appreciate it a lot.
I am so excited to see "Frozen", even if it ends up being terrible I know I'll still enjoy it cause, come on, look at it, it's gorgeous. The character designs are awesome, and Elsa's dress, every little girls dream with endless sparkles.
An atheist billboard paid for by the Rationalists of East Tennessee (Patheos.com)
A billboard paid for by a Tennessee atheist organization is coming down on Monday, just five days after it went up, because the owner of the property where the billboard is posted complained, reports the Friendly Atheist blog.
Last week, the Rationalists of East Tennessee saw a billboard reading, “Don't believe in God? You're not alone.” go up in Knoxville.
The message drew few complaints. A pastor from a church across the street said, “We're very strong supporters of freedom of speech.” But the property where the billboard is stationed is less pleased and requested it be removed.
The billboard was supposed to stay up for 30 days.
According to the RET, the sign will be moved to another, as yet undetermined, location.
It's not the first time the group has had trouble with advertising.
“The RET board has tried to put it up one time before, but they failed. They weren't able to get cooperation from the advertiser at the time,” the group's president, Larry Rhoades, told a local media outlet.
Comedian/late-night talk show host Conan O'Brien, who has hosted the Primetime Emmy Awards, is now taking on emcee duties for the 2014 MTV Movie Awards. O'Brien will make their MTV hosting debut at the April 13 ceremony at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles, which will air live at 9 PM. “After eight years of intense negations, I am honored to announce I am hosting MTV's second most prestigious awards show,” O'Brien deadpanned. The MTV Movie Awards is staying in April where they moved last year after a long history of airing after Memorial Day. The show, which drew 3.8 million viewers, was hosted by Rebel Wilson, whose ABC comedy series is executive produced by O'Brien. The 2014 MTV Movie Awards is exec produced by Jesse Ignjatovic.
“My Journey as a Pioneer from India,” Ensign, July 2016, 66–69
I look back at my journey from being a “jungle boy” in rural India to being where I am today and know that my life and faith are truly miracles.
Inset courtesy of Mangal Dan Dipty; photograph of Taj Mahal by szefei/iStock/Thinkstock
I was born in a small jungle village surrounded by the Eastern Ghats mountain range in India. When I was 18 months old, we moved to the village Dangrapalli on the banks of the River Kolab. I was transported in a basket while my parents walked. The village consisted of 20–25 families, who lived in small huts with no electricity. We had no school, hospital, or bus station. We dug the riverbed for drinking water. I spent my childhood playing in the jungle and fields, walking on stilts in the swamps, and swimming in the river.
My forefathers were Hindu temple priests under the Maharaja (King) of Bastar of Jagdalpur. But when the political instability became dangerous, my grandfather and their family escaped to Kotpad. They were given refuge at a German Lutheran mission, where they worked as a caretaker and practiced Ayurveda (herbal medicine). It was here that my grandfather chose to convert to Christianity.
My father continued in the Christian faith by choosing to become an evangelist and a guru (teacher). When I was born, I was named Mangal Dan Dipty (meaning “good,” “gift,” and “light”), inheriting a tradition of Christian faith.
As a child I attended the German Lutheran church regularly. We would go to the mountains to pray together often. One rainy day, everyone in the prayer group was drenched, and one of the preachers offered a fervent prayer pleading with the Lord to stop the rain. To our amazement the rain stopped. That was the beginning of my faith in God and prayer.
Is Mormonism Christian? After eighth grade, I discontinued school to attend a three-year theological seminary at Kotpad and was ordained an evangelist, as my father had been. After a few years of conducting meetings in and around Kotpad, I moved to northern India, where I began to sell books from the Evangelical Christian literature society. I came across a book called Is Mormonism Christian? Something about the book intrigued me, and I decided to read it. The book had a lot of criticism toward the Mormons and their beliefs. Even so, many parts of the book intrigued me, especially their concept of the Godhead, the components of their worship, and the history of polygamy. However, what interested me the most was that their church was named after Jesus Christ. I was curious to know more. One day while praying, I felt inspired to investigate the Mormon Church. I learned that Salt Lake City, Utah, was the Church's headquarters. I decided to write a letter and addressed it to “Men in charge of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Salt Lake City, Utah, USA.”
Learning from an Apostle In 1959, in response to my letter, Brother Lamar Williams from the Church Missionary Department sent me Joseph Smith's testimony, the Articles of Faith, and the Book of Mormon. I studied them all and was convinced of their truthfulness. However, there were no missionaries or members to teach me in India. Photograph courtesy of BYU Family History Library Then in January 1961, Elder Spencer W. Kimball (1895–1985) of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles visited Delhi. I spent three days traveling with them to the Taj Mahal at Agra and to Dharamsala. I was like a sponge soaking up all the gospel lessons they taught. On the final day of their visit, I was ready for baptism. On January 7, 1961, I was baptized by Elder Kimball in the Yamuna River; Sister Kimball was the official witness, though there were many curious onlookers. I was confirmed that evening. Those three days when the Lord's Apostle taught me without any interruptions have been some of the best days of my life. Parting was sad because they had become my special Mormon friend.
Yearning for the Saints After Elder Kimball left, I shared my conversion experience with my friends, and they mocked me. But I knew the gospel was true and could not deny it, so I decided to find another vocation. I started a garment business as my father had. Gradually, though, I realized that I could not progress unless I gained more education. I was in my mid-20s, and the idea of going back to school was daunting, but I spent the next nine years acquiring education. I ran my business in the morning and studied in the evening. I spent all my earnings on education. I was determined and prayed for divine help. I pursued a bachelor's degree in psychology, sociology, and arts from Agra University. Finally, I attended the Meerut University to study for a law degree. During the early part of those nine years, there was one Latter-day Saint family in Delhi, the Shortlefts, who worked in the U.S. Embassy. I traveled to Delhi for sacrament meeting in their home. In 1962, Elder Richard L. Evans (1906–71) of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles visited us, and in 1964, Elder Gordon B. Hinckley (1910–2008) of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles came. I remember placing a garland on Elder Hinckley and handing over my pot of saved tithing, which I had been accumulating for many years. Unfortunately, these moments of fellowship﻿—though helpful﻿—were infrequent, and while in India I was devoid of the constant fellowship of other Saints. This troubled my heart. As the years wore on, lonesomeness was taking a toll on me, and I saw no future for me in India. I longed to have the priesthood and live among the Saints.
Becoming a Pioneer When I felt it was time to be closer to the Saints, I discontinued my law course and immigrated to Canada. When I landed in Edmonton, Alberta, I went to the nearest ward. I met Bishop Harry Smith and immediately felt a sense of belonging and fellowship in that ward. I visited the Cardston Alberta Temple, even though I could not receive my endowment yet. I wanted to visit Salt Lake City and surprise my good friends Elder Kimball and Brother Lamar Williams. Finally, in the spring of 1969, eight years after my baptism, I visited Salt Lake City and met with Elder Kimball. They were delighted and spent the rest of the day with me. While in Salt Lake City, I went to a salon for a haircut. I shared my testimony with the barber, who was a convert himself. One gentleman, waiting for their turn, overheard me and told me about their travels to India. They paid for my haircut, invited me to dinner, and drove me to Brigham Young University. I was impressed by the campus. I mentioned that I wanted to continue my studies here but could not afford it. The man offered to pay $1,000 for my tuition. I was surprised and immensely grateful. Brother Dipty (left) with Paul Trithuvadass, another pioneer Church member from India, on Temple Square in Salt Lake City. Photograph courtesy of Mangal Dan Dipty I joined the social work program at BYU. In 1972, after graduating from BYU, I moved to Salt Lake City to pursue a master's degree from the University of Utah. Later I moved to California, USA, where I earned a PhD in clinical psychology, taught courses on how to stop domestic violence, and authored a book. I am now retired and live with my wife, Wendy, in Nevada, USA. There was a time when I went through much personal strife, challenges, and tribulations. My focus on the gospel and the blessings of the temple helped me overcome many of life's challenges.
Nicky Hayden says they should get to ride the 2017 Honda Fireblade at this month's Jerez WorldSBK test after their Ten Kate team took delivery a few days ago.
The former MotoGP star had a taste of the bike at Valencia while shooting a pre-launch video but upcoming Spanish outing will be the first time they get their hands on a version that has been through the workshop. How close it will be to a full-spec racebike is anyone's guess.
“As far as I know the plan is to ride the new bike in Jerez. I don't want to speak too much but I know that's the plan. I've been in contact with them and from what I've heard they've had the bike for a couple of days now, so that's the current situation. I know they're excited because for them it's like having a new toy, and they did a great job last year,” said Hayden.
The Kentuckian won't be fully fit for the first test - which kicks off on January 24 - as they are still recovering from knee ligament surgery but is confident they will be back to 100 per cent before the opening race at Phillip Island.
“The doctors are telling me it's on track and going well. It's the first time - luckily for me - that I've had to deal with knee injuries, and recovery definitely doesn't happen overnight. It takes some time, but the doctors say it's recovering as expected and on schedule so I've just got to keep going.
“I hope to be recovered by Phillip Island for sure. It will probably affect me at these next tests, but we still have a month and a half until Phillip Island and I hope by then to be very close to 100 per cent.”
Digital transformation is accelerating as more and more enterprises work to create and innovate by taking advantage of cloud. Research shows that in the near future, over 90% of enterprises plan to use hybrid, multi-cloud architectures to provide the type of cost, effective, flexibility and scalability needed by today's digital transformation initiatives.
Providing your customers choice between clouds can be a nightmare if you don't have the right tools to stay in control. This is where VMware's multi-cloud strategy comes in place. VMware's vRealize Suite gives you a common toolset to manage and control both private as public cloud.
With the new Blue Medora Microsoft Azure Management Pack, IT organizations now have the ability to monitor health and performance of Azure workloads using vRealize Operations, while they already had the opportunity to deploy and manage workloads in Azure using vRealize Automation and get insight in Azure costs using vRealize Business for Cloud.
So, what does this Azure Management Pack do?
The Blue Medora VMware vRealize Operations Management Pack for Microsoft Azure collects performance data from Azure Compute and SQL environments and provides predictive analysis and real-time information about problems in your Azure cloud infrastructure.
Key features of the new Management Pack include:
4 comprehensive monitoring dashboards, including: Microsoft Azure Overview. Microsoft Azure SQL Database Analysis. Microsoft Azure SQL Query Analysis. Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine Analysis.
200+ collected metrics for Azure resources.
20+ detailed alerts and recommendations.
How do you install the Azure Management Pack?
Before installing and configuring the Management Pack, ensure you meet the following requirements:
you run VMware vROps Enterprise Edition 6.3 or higher
you have an Azure Subscription
you know your Azure Subscription ID and SQL Database credentials
be sure to set up Microsoft Azure REST Access rights and, if you want to monitor databases, Azure SQL Database User privileges
And off course, you need a license to install Blue Medora Microsoft Azure Management Pack*
*The Management Pack for Microsoft Azure is part of Blue Medora's Enterprise True Visibility Suite (TVS), which means a TVS Enterprise license is required to use it.
Step 1
Download the .pak file and save it to a temporary directory.
Log in to vRealize Operations, click on the Administration button and select Solutions.
Click the Add button and install the .pak file.
When the upload is ready, click Next, accept the EULA, click Next and Finish.
Step 2
Grab your license, go to Administration and navigate to Licensing -> License keys.
Click the Add button, select Azure solution and enter your Blue Medora license key.
Click on Validate, if successful click Save.
So, that was easy, right? Now you're ready to configure and use the Management Pack. That's the hard part ;-)
Step 3
First you have to create your credentials.
Log in to vRealize Operations, click on the Administration button and select Credentials.
Click the Add button and select the appropriate credential you want to add, just an Azure Subscription credential or an Azure Subscription & SQL Database credential.
Enter your credentials.
Step 4
You now have to create and configure an Azure adapter instance.
Go back to Administration, click on Solutions and select Microsoft Azure from the Solutions list.
Click the Configure button.
Enter the following information:
Display Name: A name for this particular instance of the Management Pack
Subscription ID: Your Microsoft Azure GUID Subscription ID
Credential: Select the credential you created
Mode: Used to specify the desired monitoring mode: All (default; monitors both Azure Compute and Database resources), Compute, or Database.
Monitor Queries: Default value is False. Set to True if you want Azure SQL Database queries to be monitored.
Exclude Azure SQL Database Events: Default value is False. Set to True if you do not want Azure SQL Database events returned as part of the data collection.
Leave the rest default for now.
If you enabled Auto discovery for the adapter instance (default), it will create resources as soon as it begins collecting metrics.
You can validate this by going to Environment, select All Objects under Inventory Trees, then expand Microsoft Azure.
Select a resource and click the Metrics tab to select metrics and validate values against the data source.
Nice, isn't it?
Show me the dashboards!
Dashboards are the primary feature for monitoring and troubleshooting problems from within vRealize Operations. The Microsoft Azure Management Pack provides 4 key dashboards.
Azure Overview dashboard
The Microsoft Azure Overview dashboard displays health status, at-a-glance, of all resources in your Microsoft Azure environment. By clicking on the colored badge icon for a resource on the left, you can investigate the selected resource's alerts and KPIs displayed on the right.
Azure SQL Database Analysis dashboard
The Microsoft Azure SQL Database Analysis dashboard allows you to select a SQL Server resource, and any database located on that server from the heatmap widget, to view the selected database's metrics and capacity.
Azure Query Analysis dashboard
The Microsoft Azure Query Analysis dashboard allows you to drill down into problems with specific queries. By selecting a particular Azure SQL server and SQL database, all queries for the selected database will populate in the heatmap widget, and you can select any queries needing attention to investigate the actual query syntax and performance metrics.
Azure Virtual Machine Analysis dashboard
The Microsoft Azure Virtual Machine Analysis dashboard provides detailed properties, metrics, and workload capacity for a selected Azure virtual machine.
Besides these dashboards, the Management Pack also provides additional Azure Views, Reports and Alerts.
In my opinion, this Management Pack is a great addition to VMware's Cloud Management platform and provides choice for enterprises to become a real cloud broker.
A Canadian warship intervened on Friday to protect two ships under attack by pirates off the coast of Somalia in the latest action in the troubled waters near the Horn of Africa.
A Sea King helicopter is seen hovering aft of HMCS Winnipeg. ((CBC)) The thwarted assaults took place in the Gulf of Aden — a beehive of activity for piracy in recent years.
The first frantic distress call reached HMCS Winnipeg soon after the captain of a cargo ship spotted a speed boat closing fast, the CBC's David Common reported from aboard the Canadian navy's multi-role patrol frigate.
Within a minute of the call, the pirates opened fire on the ship with rocket-propelled grenades.
HMCS Winnipeg, which is participating in a NATO counter-piracy operation, went to full speed and dispatched its armed Sea King helicopter to the scene about 100 kilometres away.
"This is clearly an act of piracy if the merchantmen said they saw rocket-propelled grenades fired at them," the ship's captain, Cmdr. Craig Baines, told CBC News.
HMCS Winnipeg has disrupted numerous pirate attacks on vessels off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden. ((CBC)) The pirate boat turned away from the cargo ship and moved toward an American container vessel, whose captain stayed in constant contact with the Canadian sailors.
An Italian warship that was closer to the American vessel also launched its helicopter, which teamed up with the Sea King to stop the pirate vessel.
The pirates gave up and threw their weapons in the water just before the Italians boarded their vessel — which pirates often do when confronted, Common said.
The international community has increased naval patrols in the Gulf of Aden to counter the growing scourge of piracy off Somalia's coast.
Last month, a team of U.S. Navy SEAL snipers killed three pirates holding an American captain hostage on a lifeboat after a foiled hijacking of their cargo vessel, the Maersk Alabama.
On Thursday, Defence Minister Peter MacKay said Canada is in negotiations to have Kenyan authorities prosecute pirates apprehended by the Canadian navy — a shift in current policy to counter the threat of what MacKay called "financial terrorism."
Pirates intercepted by Canadian forces off the coast of Somalia until now have been disarmed and then released, a policy that has sparked criticism from legal experts.
The Canadian government has maintained it cannot prosecute pirates captured by Canadian Forces, as it lacks jurisdiction under international law.
Students from the Netherlands Delft University of Technology have teamed up with 3D printing startup MX3D to create a fully functioning bicycle from stainless steel, but the process of creating may be more impressive than the beautiful bike.
MX3D uses robot arm-mounted welding machines (typical in manufacturing) to create 3D printers. The process is ingenious: the robots spot-weld just as a “regular” 3D printer would print layers. Each “spot” is welded onto the other, creating a print that is both strong and doesn't require support structures.
Check out the video below to see the printer in action, as well as a brave volunteer straddling the print and cycling through cobbled roads.
The students who created the design explained that a bicycle was decided on to test out medium-to-larger prints as well as the strength of the final result, given the complex forces applied to a bike frame. This project also forms part of the university's research for the 3D Building FieldLab.
What's next for this interesting form of printing? MX3D wants to 3D print a steel bridge in Amsterdam for people to cross. It's such an ambitious project that even their description page reads “Yes, really”.
And it won't be any old “plank across a puddle”, either: the bridge will also take on the intricate “spider-web” pattern seen on the bicycle, a process that may have been achieved by a Voroni algorithm.
[Source – Core77
"Welfare suicides don't exist. Suicide is a mental health issue." That line, by the former Labour official Luke Bozier, pretty much sums up the standard rightwing response to the website Calum's List. According to its founders, the aim of Calum's List is "to list the number of deaths where welfare reform has alleged to have had some culpability, and to make the best effort possible to work towards reducing this death toll." Bozier's Twitter comments were a gloss on blogposts by The Spectator's Isabel Hardman and the Telegraph's Brendan O'Neill.
There's more than a whiff of Freud's "kettle logic" (I didn't borrow your kettle; when I borrowed the kettle it was already broken; when I returned the kettle it wasn't damaged) about the cluster of incompatible arguments that these three presented against Calum's List. Their principal claims were as follows. The suicides have not been caused by the changes, and therefore to mention them is an act of opportunistic exploitation; if suicides have been caused by the reforms, this is no reason to abandon them; the problem is not the reforms themselves but how they are managed (ie those forced back to work should be given adequate support); suicide is not a rational act, which means that it can have no political significance.
I don't wish to argue here about whether or not specific cases of suicide were caused by the new legislation. But I do want to contest the bizarre idea that, in principle, suicides could not be adduced as evidence against the changes in the welfare system. If people dying as a consequence of the implementation of measures cannot count as evidence that the legislation has detrimental effects, what would?
O'Neill displays a strangely judgmental attitude towards suicide, arguing suicide "is not a rational response to economic hardship; it is not a rational response to having your benefits cut". This is a spectacular case of missing the point: for many of those suffering from mental illnesses, the capacity to act rationally is impaired, which is one reason that they need to be protected. As for the idea that those returning to work should receive proper support, the lack of such support is the issue. Atos, the agency responsible for testing whether claimants are fit to work, has seen a large number of appeals against its judgments upheld. And who can have faith the government will properly support those returning to work when it entrusts the transition to a discredited agency such as A4e?
But there's a more general problem here. Some of the rightwing commentators condemning Calum's List have deplored the "politicisation" of mental illness, but the problem is exactly the opposite. Mental illness has been depoliticised, so that we blithely accept a situation in which depression is now the malady most treated by the NHS. The neoliberal policies implemented first by the Thatcher governments in the 1980s and continued by New Labour and the current coalition have resulted in a privatisation of stress. Under neoliberal governance, workers have seen their wages stagnate and their working conditions and job security become more precarious. As the Guardian reports today, suicides amongst middle-aged men are on the increase, and Jane Powell, chief executive of Calm, the Campaign Against Living Miserably, links some of this increase with unemployment and precarious work. Given the increased reasons for anxiety, it's not surprising that a large proportion of the population diagnose themselves as chronically miserable. But the medicalisation of depression is part of the problem.
The NHS, like the education system and other public services, has been forced to try to deal with the social and psychic damage caused by the deliberate destruction of solidarity and security. Where once workers would have turned to trade unions when they were put under increasing stress, now they are encouraged to go to their GP or, if they are lucky enough to be able to be get one on the NHS, a therapist.
It would be facile to argue that every single case of depression can be attributed to economic or political causes; but it is equally facile to maintain – as the dominant approaches to depression do – that the roots of all depression must always lie either in individual brain chemistry or in early childhood experiences. Most psychiatrists assume that mental illnesses such as depression are caused by chemical imbalances in the brain, which can be treated by drugs. But most psychotherapy doesn't address the social causation of mental illness either.
The radical therapist David Smail argues that Margaret Thatcher's view that there's no such thing as society, only individuals and their families, finds "an unacknowledged echo in almost all approaches to therapy". Therapies such as cognitive behaviour therapy combine a focus on early life with the self-help doctrine that individuals can become masters of their own destiny. The idea is "with the expert help of your therapist or counsellor, you can change the world you are in the last analysis responsible for, so that it no longer cause you distress" – Smail calls this view "magical voluntarism".
Depression is the shadow side of entrepreneurial culture, what happens when magical voluntarism confronts limited opportunities. As psychologist Oliver James put it in their book The Selfish Capitalist, "in the entrepreneurial fantasy society," we are taught "that only the affluent are winners and that access to the top is open to anyone willing to work hard enough, regardless of their familial, ethnic or social background – if you do not succeed, there is only one person to blame." It's high time that the blame was placed elsewhere. We need to reverse the privatisation of stress and recognise that mental health is a political issue.
• Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree
On July 4, 2011, forums poster/true patriot Dan "mofolotopo" Warren unveiled their remarkable long-term project, which involved splicing together phrases from President Obama's self-read autobiography to tell a new story. "Broadly speaking," they explained, "it tells the story of an ugly dog-faced demigod who recreates the world after it is destroyed." Gawker, Slate and NPR took notice immediately, and then, for a while, nothing happened. mofolotopo recently mentioned that front-page attention might attract animators/illustrators for the chapters that remain artless, making it more likely that a finished version could be ready by Election Season 2012, so here it is!
Front cover, featuring art by Ainsley Seago
Here is the album in one handy zip file.
And here it is as a torrent:
Download torrent81 (1 file; 44.04 MB)
View torrent stats
mofolotopo: The whole album is at the link above. Here are the individual chapters on Tindeck and descriptions of what's happening in them, although you may just want to listen and see if you understand it:
Chapter 1: Creation
Our hero's name is Stanley, but they don't really show up until Chapter 3. Stanley's father is the first proto-man, who fell as a fruit from the first tree. They found the world an empty and desolate place, so they climbed to the top of the tree and began creating animals and plants and whatnot just by speaking their names. They get really excited about the process, and they accidentally create a monkey in thin air, who promptly plummets to their death. They realize that they need to be a little more thoughtful about this process, and finishes by creating many of the beautiful things in the world. Then they disappear.
* Animation by Ainsley Seago, music for this and all chapters by Dan Warren
Chapter 2: The Golden Age
This chapter tells of the rise of civilization. At the start there are only uncivilized tribes in the forest, but they begin to desire something more out of life. They move indoors and become increasingly sophisticated. Eventually they build cities and roads, and they become isolated by their own success.
* Animation by Adam Bozarth; found sound from Teresa Iglesias
Chapter 3: Son of Strelka
Stanley is born.  They are the son of the creator from chapter 1 and a human woman, and their village expected them to be some sort of savior. Instead, they look freakish.  They are covered in yellow hair and has a dog-like face. Not in some cute furry ^_^ anime way, though, they are a disturbing freak of nature. With the exception of their mother, the people of their village despise him. They also despise their mother for giving birth to a freak, so they are both forced to leave. They go their separate ways, and Stanley is left to wander the world alone, a deformed, orphaned child.
Stanley, as interpreted by Everdraed
Chapter 4: The Decline
As the chapter starts, we see Stanley wandering the land. Months and years pass, and as Stanley grows up the world becomes increasingly violent and nasty. Finally war is declared, and tanks and troops begin marching through the cities of the world. Eventually the gods themselves come to earth and begin marching on all of the world's cities.
Stanley encounters an apocalyptic religious cult made up of children. They recognize them as having some sort of power, and try to get them to join their cause. Stanley demurs, and the children grow angry at him.
There's no doubting it: the general election went badly for Ukip . Thursday evening started with hopes of winning a handful of seats, but quickly dissolved into a night of despair. It is a familiar story in British politics – a tale about a revolt against the established political class that falls at the last hurdle. From one target seat to the next – places like Castle Point, Boston and Skegness, Rochester and Strood, and Thurrock – Ukip failed to overthrow Conservative incumbents. This was even true in Thanet South, where Nigel Farage lost by almost 3,000 votes . They resigned soon after. With Mark Reckless gone, only Douglas Carswell remains in the House of Commons – and even their majority was slashed by 9,000 votes.
This leaves Ukip faced with an uncomfortable truth . It has never won a single seat outside of by-elections and where there has been no mainstream defector. And worryingly for the party, some of its most talented campaigners – the people who pushed and kicked the organisation towards a basic level of professionalism – are already talking about moving on.
In the end, and while its share of the national vote held steady, Ukip looks to have been squeezed by three factors: English fears over the prospect of a Labour-SNP alliance, which seems to have had a particularly strong effect on Conservative voters who might otherwise have defected; a clear desire among most Ukip voters to have David Cameron rather than Ed Miliband in Number 10; and Britain's first-past-the-post system, which as it has done for more than a century quietly urged voters to put their head before their heart.
As it is routine in the aftermath of war, the defeated will be written off and denounced as a lost cause. But even Conservative Party strategists know that they will need to tread carefully. Ukip did not win seats but it has still delivered the best performance by a new independent party in post-war English politics. It won support from more than one in 10 voters, taking 12.6 per cent across the country and 14 per cent in England. It also seems to have a different impact in different regions; in the South West, Ukip appears to have attracted protesters, and played a role in the collapse of the Liberal Democrats; in southern England, it appears to have propped up Conservatives; in some parts of northern England, it has replaced the Tories as the second political force.
The irony is that Farage appears to be leaving just at the moment when two factors underline their continued relevance in British politics. And this is why I do not think that they will leave – that after a summer of rest Farage will be back. First, often without trying, Ukip finished second in more than 120 seats and has laid the foundation for something far more significant. It won at least 20 per cent in 45 seats. Many of these are in the financially struggling, left-behind Labour territory that my co-author Robet Ford and I pointed to in our book last year, Revolt on the Right. We were ridiculed at the time but just look at the results.
Ukip won at least 28 per cent in Labour bastions like Hartlepool in the North East, Rother Valley and Rotherham in Yorkshire, and Jon Cruddas's seat of Dagenham and Rainham in outer London. It also took at least 18 per cent in the Welsh seats of Islwyn, Caerphilly and Merthyr Tydfil, where there are big elections next year. Entrenched in many of these areas is a sense of national loss, threat and abandonment – or what the French call "cultural insecurity". It is a language that is wholly at odds with the vernacular of people like Chuka Umunna, Tristram Hunt, and Yvette Cooper. That the election crystallised Ukip's ability to appeal to voters in Labour areas is underlined by analysis of the results by the University of Oxford's Stephen Fisher: "The rise of Ukip that was expected to disproportionately hurt the Tories, in fact seems to have undermined the Labour performance more." The message is clear: Ukip stalled Labour's comeback. Its voters seem to have returned to Cameron in the south while giving Labour a kicking in the north.
A second reason why Farage is likely to return is that they are having to exit the stage at the moment when everything that they ever wanted is about to arrive. The referendum on Britain's EU membership now looks certain. This would bring a new moment of opportunity for the Eurosceptic camp. Despite the scale of their victory, Cameron should be reminded that they are not a popular figure among Eurosceptics and social conservatives. That they gave them their vote at a general election does not mean that they will stay well-behaved. Cameron would be well advised to use the early months of their new term to reach out to their reluctant voters and backbench MPs to ease tension before the real battle begins. And when that does begin, my money is on Farage being back as a prominent figure in the landscape of British politics.
Matthew Goodwin is the co-author of Revolt on the Right: Explaining Support for the Radical Right in Britain (Routledge)
Ukip improved their performance across vast swathes of England while in Scotland the SNP were the clear winners as this map of the biggest party swing in each constituency clearly shows.
Researchers have discovered that low doses of psilocybin, the psychedelic compound in magic mushrooms, speed the extinction of the conditioned fear response in mice. The results could pave the way for psilocybin to be explored as a potential treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder and other related conditions in humans.
Reporting in the journal Experimental Brain Research, a team led by Dr. Briony Catlow of the Lieber Institute for Brain Development sought to determine how psilocybin affected the learning and removal of a conditioned fear response.
Mice were injected with varying doses (0.1, 0.5, 1.0 and 1.5 mg/kg) of psilocybin, 1.0 mg/kg of ketanserin (a drug that acts oppositely on the receptor which binds psilocybin), or a saline control. Twenty-four hours later, the animals were placed in a testing chamber and conditioned to fear a 15-second audio cue. The mice heard the cue, and after 30 seconds, received very brief electric shocks delivered through the chamber floor. Each mouse underwent ten trials, each separated by 210 seconds. After ten trials, all of the animal subjects froze in fear after the start of the 15-second audio.
The next day, the mice were placed in the chamber again and underwent the same process. Except this time, the shock was left out. The goal here was to effectively retrain the mice to not fear the audio cue and disassociate it with the shock. The researchers found that after only three trials, mice treated with low doses of psilocybin (0.1 and 0.5 mg/kg) no longer froze after hearing the audio cue. But mice injected with higher doses of psilocybin or ketanserin didn't stop freezing until the tenth trial. Mice that were injected with a saline control still froze in fear after ten trials.
The study did not discern a precise reason for psilocybin's fear-extinguishing effect, but Catlow thinks it might have something to do with the drug's known ability to modify and control neural circuitry.
"Memory, learning, and the ability to relearn that a once threatening stimuli is no longer a danger absolutely depends on the ability of the brain to alter its connections," Catlow told Real Clear Science. "We believe that neuroplasticity plays a critical role in psilocybin accelerating fear extinction."
With research into medicinal applications of psychedelics picking up of late, this study may translate well into human trials. In previous studies, low doses of psilocybin were found to produce little to no differences in general well-being, emotional excitability, anxiety, depression, heart rate, or blood pressure, so the risk of adverse side effects seems minimal. Moreover, similar to the mice in the current experiment that associated a harmless noise with a painful shock, those suffering from anxiety disorders such as PTSD are basically conditioned to link neutral stimuli with something that's dangerous and perturbing. Perhaps psilocybin could help erase those links?
"It is highly possible that in the future we will continue these studies since many interesting questions have come up from these experiments. The hope is that we can extend the findings to humans in clinical trials," Catlow told RCScience.
Source: Briony J. Catlow, Shijie Song, Daniel A. Paredes, Cheryl L. Kirstein, Juan Sanchez‐Ramos. Effects of psilocybin on hippocampal neurogenesis and extinction of trace fear conditioning. Exp Brain Res 2 June 2013 DOI 10.1007/s00221-013-3579-0
(Image: Psilocybin Molecule via Shutterstock)
How to Forgive Yourself for Hurting Someone
Most of us understand the logic behind the famous saying, “the past is the past”. We could never go back to the past, so why bother about the past?
It makes sense for someone who is hurt to let go of the past so that they don't suffer.
But what if you are the one who caused the suffering? Could you still be that righteous and say the past is in the past?
Last week, I wrote about forgiving others. This week's post is about forgiving yourself and the main theme for my 2016 Self-Love Project this month is “Freedom and Letting Go”.
Forgiving yourself is an integral part of loving yourself and setting yourself free. When you are unable to forgive yourself for hurting someone, you create an obstacle that prevents you from receiving love.
So instead of beating yourself up, why not forgive yourself and let go of the past?
Here's how to forgive yourself for hurting someone.
1. Understand that you cannot undo what you have done.
Everyone makes mistakes:
You lost your cool when you had a bad day,
You said something that you regret later,
You did things that you are ashamed of,
You got your friend into trouble, or
You cheated on your partner.
Even being yourself sometimes could hurt someone unintentionally. But can you undo what you have done? Can you take back the words you have said? No.
Acceptance is the only way out.
You can blame yourself for all you want or dwell on your past mistakes, nothing is going to change. You are not going to make the other person happier. All you do is make yourself more miserable.
Every time, you go back to the past, you are doing it from the NOW. You are wasting your time NOW. The present that you are wasting can be used to do things which can be changed.
So accept your mistakes and move on. That's not the best way out. That's the only way out.
(Read Eckhart Tolle's The Power of Now for more insights).
2. Realize that going back may not make things better.
Recently, there was a local TV drama in Singapore, If Only I Could. The two main female characters did not have a good life. One had issues with their family and was later diagnosed with breast cancer. The other had marital problems and suffered a miscarriage. So they went back to their past 10 years ago and tried to amend their life. However, their life didn't get any better. It only got worse.
Drop the if, should and could.
One reason why it's not easy to forgive ourselves is that our minds keep telling us what we could have or should have done instead. Our minds fill us up with regret and tell us what could have been if we didn't hurt another.
But could we really be so sure that if we didn't do what we do, things would have gotten better for the other person?
Perhaps your actions had given others the opportunity to grow. As a result of being hurt, they might have:
And even if, you didn't do what you did, someone else could do the same and hurt them even more. So catch yourself whenever you used words such as “what if”, “should” and “could”. You are just trapping yourself in the past.
3. Separate what you had done with who you are.
What you had done has nothing to do with who you are as a person. Often, people suffer as a result of identifying too much with what they had done.
When you make a mistake, it just means you make a mistake. It's not because you are a mistake. When you hurt someone, it just means you hurt someone. It's not because you are a bad person.
You are not what you do.
Sometimes, when we are unconscious and taken over by our ego, we do not know what we are doing.
I am usually quiet and have a gentle demeanor. But when I was young, maybe once or twice a year, I would get really angry and explode. It's worse than those who get angry frequently. However, shortly after my explosion, I would come to my senses and be very apologetic and sorry.
We are all doing the best that we could with our level of awareness at any given moment. At times, we just don't know why we do what we have done.
No one is perfect. If we aren't careful and alert, anger and ego could easily take possession of our awareness and make us do things that we might regret later. Even so, the best you can do is to acknowledge your mistakes and apologize.
(Read A New Earth by Eckhart Tolle to learn more about ego).
4. Get to the core of your emotion and release it.
If you grew up in an environment where punishment is frequent, it's highly likely that you develop an inner critic that punish you whenever you do something wrong. As kids, we saw how punishment can dissolve the anger in our parents and we are conditioned to believe that punishment is the right thing to do.
People punish themselves because subconsciously, they think it will make them feel less guilty and make the other person less angry. They see punishment as a form of relief. In their subconscious, it's like: “I've already received punishment. I don't have to feel guilty anymore.”
But this is an illusion created by the mind.
Know that punishing yourself doesn't make you feel less guilty.
When you are punished, your sense of guilt seems to dissolve at that moment. However, the mind will always make you guilty again some other time, so that your inner critic could punish you again. It's a never-ending cycle because you didn't let go of the underlying feeling of guilt. You just suppressed it.
Instead, go deep to the core of your emotion — guilt or regret, in most cases, and let the feelings go. Letting go of guilt doesn't mean you are a bad person or you forget about your mistakes. It means you have recognized what you had done previously and decide not to carry the past into your future.
(Read The Sedona Method by Hale Dwoskin on how to release your emotions).
5. Ask yourself, “Do you want to hold onto your suffering or let it go?”
It's easier to forgive someone because you don't want to make yourself suffer. But with regards to forgiving ourselves, sometimes we want to suffer because we think we deserve it.
If you feel trapped and not sure whether to forgive yourself, ask yourself: “Do you want to hold onto your suffering or let it go?”
There's no right or wrong answer for this question. It's your choice.
If you decide that you have suffered enough from guilt, great. Let your guilty feelings go.
But if you decide that you can't let it go and want to hold onto your suffering, that's okay too. Give yourself the permission to suffer as much as you want. Know that it's what you have chosen and live with it.
Because what's worse than suffering is creating more suffering on top of your suffering. I need to let go, but I can't. I want to be free, but I don't deserve it. On top of your guilty feeling, your mind has just created another layer of suffering that demands you to do what it thinks is right.
If you couldn't let go at the moment, just continue to feel guilty and suffer. There will be a point when you can't suffer anymore and you would let go of your suffering anyway. Like what Buddha says, “Life is suffering.” Some of us have to suffer to be spiritually awakened and enlightened.
6. Learn from your mistake.
When you hurt someone, rather than dwell on the mistake which you cannot change, why not extract the lessons from your mistake and apply them to the future?
I believe that there's a lesson to be learned from each experience. If you want to go back to the past, make good use of it. Go back and reflect and extract the lesson you can apply to your life now. Get insights into your behavior and start anew.
Ask yourself questions such as:
What makes me flare up at the moment?
How can I do better if the same situation arises the next time?
Are there any books or resources which I could read to help me understand my behavior?
Making mistakes is part of growing.
Know that you are growing too. Allow yourself to grow. If you didn't get the message that the Universe is trying to send you, then you haven't learned and grown from the experience. Making a mistake isn't as bad as making the same mistake over and over again.
Whether the other party forgives you or not is beyond your control. What you can control is your own action, so learn and grow.
Featured Photo Credit: April 1, 2012 – Self Portrait / Bernard Walker
Facebook has caved to the tax pressure.
The company is likely to pay millions more in U.K. taxes after making changes to its corporate structure that will stop revenue earned in the U.K. from being routed through Ireland.
Facebook had been accused of "profit shifting," a common practice for multinational companies operating across Europe. After establishing a headquarters in low-tax countries, such as Ireland or Luxembourg, firms funnel profits from around the region to these jurisdictions in order to slash their tax bills.
Facebook (FB) faced a huge amount of criticism over the issue after paying just £4,327 ($6,100) in taxes in the U.K. in 2014.
"We felt this change would provide transparency to Facebook's operations in the U.K.," a Facebook spokesperson said.
Related: 'Days are numbered' for tax loopholes
"The new structure is easier to understand and clearly recognizes the value our U.K. organization adds to our sales through our highly skilled and growing U.K. sales team," the spokesperson added.
European officials are trying to stop the practice of profit shifting, which they describe as "aggressive tax planning." The European Union announced earlier this year plans for new set of laws that will allow countries to charge corporate taxes even if companies transfer their profits elsewhere.
Facebook is not the only U.S. corporation with a growing tax bill. Google (GOOGL) has agreed to pay £130 million ($185 million) to cover years of unpaid taxes following an audit by British tax authorities.
Apple (AAPL) has agreed to pay 318 million euros ($344 million) to Italy for years of unpaid taxes, according to the Italian authorities.Amazon (AMZN) in May agreed to pay more taxes after funneling its sales through Luxembourg's low-tax Grand Duchy.
Starbucks (SBUX) and Fiat Chrysler (FCAM) have also been ordered to repay millions after European officials found the companies benefited from illegal deals with Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
The US Agency for International Development says it plans to leave Ecuador amid an impasse with the government, just six months after the agency was kicked out of Bolivia, in what analysts say is another sign of the waning US influence in the region.
In a letter to USAID partners in the country on Thursday, acting Mission Director Christopher Cushing said the decision to leave Ecuador comes “as a result of the Government of Ecuador's decision to prohibit approval of new USAID assistance programs.”
Mr. Cushing said the agency had $32 million in aid scheduled for programs in coming years in Ecuador, according to the letter, a copy of which was obtained by The Christian Science Monitor. A USAID official confirmed the letter's authenticity.
“The government of Ecuador recently informed USAID it could not execute any new assistance activities or extend existing activities pending negotiation of a new agreement governing bilateral assistance,” says the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of sensitive negotiations with the Ecuadorean government.
USAID has tried unsuccessfully for the past two years to renegotiate its agreement with Ecuador, the official says. “We've been incurring significant costs for recently launched projects focused on environmental protection and civil society strengthening which have been unable to proceed,” the official says. “The cancellation was the only fiscally prudent option.”
The office is expected to close its doors September 2014.
USAID's departure comes amid an increasingly acrimonious relationship with President Rafael Correa. The decision also marks the second time this year that the agency has been forced out of a South American country after Bolivia's President Evo Morales ousted it in May.
“This is both another sign that relations between the US and Ecuador are in some ways continuing to deteriorate, but also that US influence in the region isn't what it used to be," says Steve Striffler, a professor of Latin American studies at the University of New Orleans who studies Ecuador. "These countries are able to carve out independence from the US in a way they weren't in the past.
“The idea they would have kicked out USAID 10 or 15 years ago is unimaginable," Mr. Striffler says.
The US government's reputation in the region has taken a series of hits in recent months, with revelations that the National Security Agency (NSA) spied on the leaders of Brazil and Mexico. (Although Brazil later admitted it was spying on US diplomats as well).
The hunt for the man who leaked those NSA files, Edward Snowden, caused another embarrassment for the US when the plane carrying President Morales was grounded in Vienna amid suspicions Mr. Snowden was aboard. The incident caused outrage in Latin America, with the Organization of American States condemning it and backing Morales.
'Independent and sovereign'
President Correa has made no secret of their disdain for US officials who they see as overreaching their diplomatic duties and meddling in domestic affairs. In 2011, they kicked out the US ambassador for comments made in a diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks that said Correa might have been aware of high-level police corruption.
A year later, they granted asylum to the face of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, who is still holed up in Ecuador's London embassy.
“In some ways these actions, and the [USAID decision] can be put in there too, are intended to say that we are an independent sovereign nation,” Striffler says. “In the perspective of many in Latin America, and with good reason, USAID is seen as an agent of US imperialism.”
Last year, Correa ordered their government to analyze the impact of a USAID exodus. Requests for comment to Ecuador's Foreign Affairs Ministry were not returned Friday.
Correa in June was granted wide-ranging powers to intervene in the operations of non-governmental organizations (NGOs), which often receive funding from USAID. The decree also created a screening process for international groups wanting to work in the country.
In early December, the government shut down environmental NGO Fundación Pachamama after it was alleged that the group disrupted public peace while protesting oil drilling in the Amazon region. Pachamama was not receiving USAID funding at the time of its closure, but still highlights worries felt by internationally-funded non-profits.
“It is an anxious time for NGOs and their donors in Ecuador. Over the past few years, the government has waged a steady campaign to discredit and dismantle activist NGOs,” says the employee of one NGO that works in the country. The employee asked to not be named because the NGO continues to work in Ecuador. “This is where donors like USAID have gotten themselves in trouble, by funding activist NGOs that are critical of the government and its policies.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
USAID has worked in Ecuador for more than 60 years, granting more than $800 million in assistance during that time, the letter said.
Editor's note: A previous version of this story misstated Pachamama's relationship with USAID.
Ex-Germany international Andreas Brehme has reported debts of £200,000 and a former teammate has offered them a cleaning job.
Andreas Brehme was one of Germany's star players who won the World Cup in 1990, but today they face a grim reality, according to press reports.
Reports in Germany, Italy and Spain state that the former left-back has debts of around £200,000 and is desperately trying to find a way to pay them back.
It is suggested that Brehme has made contact with many former friends and teammates but is yet to find a solution.
A few days ago Franz Beckenbauer who coached West Germany to their 1990 triumph made an appeal on Brehme's behalf.
"We have the responsibility to try and get them out of this situation," they are quoted as saying by the Corriere dello Sport.
"He has given a lot to German football and now we should thank them by helping him.
One former teammate Olivier Straube appears to have made Brehme a job offer, but it doesn't sound like the most attractive proposition.
SEE ALSO: Gazza joins Sunday League side
"We are ready to take Andreas on in our bathroom cleaning business," they said. "He will learn that what really counts is proper work and real life. It would help them improve their image. To me, that's help."
It is reported that Brehme faces a bankruptcy hearing in December but is hoping to improve their situation before then. It seems hard to believe that another of their contacts in top-level football won't be able to come up with a better offer.
The achievements of the two colleges in this year's tournament are particularly surprising since neither has the history of basketball success that their two dominant neighbors just south of them do.
Those two neighbors, Duke University and the University of North Carolina, are also in the Round of 16, but that is hardly a surprise. Richmond last won an N.C.A.A. tournament game in 1998, and V.C.U. last won one in 2007, although in that instance, it did beat Duke.
Richmond (29-7) and V.C.U. (26-11) will now travel to San Antonio for their next games on Friday. If Richmond can somehow beat Kansas, which is one of the top-seeded teams, and V.C.U. can defeat 10th-seeded Florida State, the two upstarts would face each other next Sunday for a place in the Final Four.
That game would give the two universities something they could share forever. As it is, they are different in just about every way.
Photo
The University of Richmond, which was founded in 1830, is a lavish-looking campus with impressive brick buildings that surround a lake that, until a few years ago, divided male and female dormitories. It is private, has about 3,000 students and costs nearly $50,000 a year in tuition and room and board. It traditionally draws a significant number of students from the Northeast.
It also has a football team, although it plays in the Football Championship Subdivision, one step down from college football's top tier. In 2008, it won the F.C.S. national championship.
V.C.U., in contrast, does not have a football team. Instead, there are satirical sweatshirts that proclaim V.C.U. football on the front and the fact that the team is still undefeated on the back.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
V.C.U. is also a public university rather than a private one; has a student body seven times the size of Richmond's; and costs about 60 percent less for students from Virginia and 20 percent less for those from out of state. Many students live on campus at the University of Richmond; many do not at V.C.U.
On the court, the teams play completely different styles. Richmond's coach, Chris Mooney, has modeled their patient offense after the one they learned from Pete Carril during their four years as a starter at Princeton.
V.C.U.'s coach, Shaka Smart, has their team play an up-tempo running style with a pressing defense that is similar to the one called 40 Minutes of Hell that Nolan Richardson made famous at the University of Arkansas.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The schools are not as far apart as people imagine,” said Edward Ayers, the president of the University of Richmond. They said that Richmond was intent on increasing the diversity of its student population and that “we have made great progress at becoming a place that looks like America.”
Ayers, who became Richmond's president in 2007, said they had also worked to make the university more closely linked with the city of Richmond.
Wilder, who teaches in the V.C.U. public-affairs program that is named after him, said that when V.C.U. was founded in 1968, it provided affordable schooling for many of the blacks in Richmond who could not attend college before desegregation.
Photo
“It was not an Ivy League school or an ivory-tower school, but it was not scraping the bottom of the barrel,” they said. “It was an urban university open to students of every stripe.”
They added that the university was now well known for its engineering and business programs and has attracted students from outside the state.
The basketball success, they said, is just a “strawberry on the top of a shortcake.”
BACK FROM THE BRINK As I watched No. 11 Virginia Commonwealth defeat No. 3 Purdue on Sunday to clinch a berth in the Round of 16, I thought back to March 7, when the Rams' hopes of reaching the N.C.A.A. tournament were slim.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It was a Monday night, and V.C.U. had lost to Old Dominion in the Colonial Athletic Association tournament final in Richmond. When V.C.U. Coach Shaka Smart solemnly completed their postgame news conference, I walked over and introduced myself.
I wanted to ask Smart about Monarchs forward Frank Hassell. But asking a coach about an opponent who had just essentially crushed their N.C.A.A. tournament dreams is like asking a 13-year-old girl what they think about Justin Bieber's new girlfriend. So first I asked Smart about their team's chances of receiving an at-large bid to the N.C.A.A. tournament.
Smart knew their team had lost five of its last eight games and had finished fourth in its conference. They knew that two other conference members — George Mason and Old Dominion — were locks to reach the tournament, and that the league had never received more than two bids.
“You just tell the guys we played the game we can play,” they said. “Now it's over, and all we can really do is wait.”
Then I asked one more question. I asked Smart if they thought their team deserved to be in the tournament.
Most coaches of teams on the bubble have well-prepared talking points for a moment like this. But I was struck by the fact that Smart could not bring themselves to say yes.
“I think it's almost impossible to make an objective decision on that, but that's the situation the selection committee is in,” Smart said. Of course, the Rams made the tournament. And now they are in the Round of 16. ADAM HIMMELSBACH
Ba has been a wonderful signing for Newcastle in so many ways. They have had a phenomenal impact, scoring 29 goals in just 57 appearances since signing on a free transfer from West Ham, after they were forced to release them following their relegation in the summer of 2011.
The old knee injury which scuppered a £5.5m move to Stoke City two years ago – and which may yet derail their move to Chelsea – has never been a problem. They have not missed a game because of it.
To put Ba's goalscoring prowess into some sort of context, in the time they have been plying their trade in English football, only Robin van Persie and Wayne Rooney have scored more.
So what possible reason could I have other than being stupid/drunk/deluded for thinking Newcastle – who will receive only £4.5m of the £7m Chelsea have paid for them as the rest goes directly to Ba – will benefit from them leaving?
For me, Ba has been part of the problem at Newcastle this season. Not so much on the pitch, although there are some issues here, but mainly off it.
I can still vividly remember the first time I met Ba. It was an interview only a few hours after they had signed for Newcastle and I wanted to know why they had turned down offers from elsewhere.
Did they know about the region's passion for football, the fans and their love for a striker? Did they like the stadium? Did the manager say something that helped make up theirs mind?
There was no excitement. No emotion. “I asked my agent, which club has made me the best offer? They said Newcastle so I signed for them.”
Ba is the ultimate football mercenary. They do not make emotional decisions, they are not hindered by a sense of loyalty, they play football to earn a living for themselves and their family.
There is nothing wrong with that. There are plenty of people in plenty of professions who will always go where the money is best.
Ba is from a large family. One of their brothers is their agent.  They are the breadwinner for that family and they are motivated by a burning desire to make as much money as they can for them.
 They are not the first player to think like that and they will not be the last. At 27, they are close to agreeing a five-year deal that will earn them at least £30,000-a-week more at Chelsea than they were offered by Newcastle to remove the £7m release clause.
In all likelihood, they will also be playing in the Champions League next season. More money, bigger club - difficult to argue with that, although Ba may well discover they spend far more time on the bench in west London given Fernando Torres is, and probably will remain, the main man there.
Which brings me neatly on to why Ba had become problematic at Newcastle. Even in these cynical times, not every player thinks like Ba.
Some do still like to have an emotional attachment to a club, some still put happiness over cash. Some want to play football where they are revered and respected, not just another name on the teamsheet. Some want to be more than just the hired help.
For the past 12 months, Ba's agents have been touting them around Europe trying to persuade someone to activate their release clause, improve their contract and pay them a nice chunk of cash to make the deal happen.
It has been a constant distraction and, as time wore on, also a source of resentment. Ba may have had their friends, and they were a dominant voice behind the scenes, particularly with the large French-speaking contingent on Tyneside, but ultimately their teammates knew they were in it for himself. Trust has been eroded, replaced by suspicion and bitterness.
Newcastle's recovery from the disaster of relegation to the Championship in 2009 was built on unwavering team spirit, as was their ability to cope with the loss of Andy Carroll to Liverpool in 2010 and, even more recently, charge to that wonderful fifth-place finish in the Premier League last season.
I don't think that same team spirit has been evident this season and Ba is at least partly responsible for that. No matter how many goals Ba scored, their teammates knew they did not really want to be there. Nothing is more divisive.
Fabricio Colocinni is a captain who leads by example rather than words and Ba has had too much to say behind the scenes. They may be a better player than Kevin Nolan, but they are nothing like Newcastle's former sergeant major as a motivational, all-inclusive leader of men.
Having scored 12 goals before the end of January last season, Ba didn't score again as Papiss Demba Cisse became the focus of Newcastle's attacks.
To accommodate Cisse, Pardew asked Ba to play wide in a front three. They did so, but grumbled constantly and then, in the summer, demanded to play in the middle. Pardew – rightly or wrongly – relented, pushed Cisse out wide and gave Ba what they wanted.
Ba responded superbly, but Cisse has struggled. The two Senegal teammates have never been close, but their relationship has been increasingly strained in recent months. There have even been accusations Ba would rather shoot from distance than pass to Cisse, even if they are in a far better position.
Cisse scored 13 goals in their first 15 games for Newcastle as a centre forward, but they are not a right-winger. Ba leaving will give Newcastle's Number 9 a chance to play through the middle again and I expect them to thrive once more.
Newcastle have lost their top goalscorer and that's a blow, but they already have a player more than capable of filling the void.
They still need to sign a replacement for Ba in this window, but if they can get Loic Remy from Marseille, a versatile forward equally happy through the middle or out wide, they could well be stronger overall, not weaker.
After so much distraction, speculation and conjecture, Ba has finally gone and there will be a collective sigh of relief inside the Newcastle dressing room.
Demba Ba is a fine player, but they were in danger of becoming a bad apple who would have been sold in the summer regardless. Hopefully it is all about Newcastle being United once more.
In Defense of The Machine
I went into the 2013 British film “The Machine” knowing nothing other than that it involved Artificial Intelligence, which is usually all it takes to get me in the door. I loved this film. I watched it three times that first weekend. When I went to the internet to share this joy with others, I was shocked. This film was criticized left and right. That it was mundane, overdone, offering nothing for the genre.
All of these critics are wrong, and a few, morally disturbing. But only one, Andrew Lapin, will I proceed to take apart.
I think it best that you read their movie review first so that context is maintained.
http://thedissolve.com/reviews/741-the-machine/
In a genre that openly invites invention, it barely bothers.
The most common criticism of The Machine is lack of originality, but there is plenty, if you know where to look. The overarching story is familiar enough to warrant its own Wikipedia page:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cybernetic_revolt
But it is nonsensical to think that there is nothing left to explore in the “What happens when machines become sentient” arena.
Are MIRI, Nick Bostrom, Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking merely overlooking a few films? That all they need to do is watch more Sci-Fi to enumerate all the potential AI revolt scenarios?
Fitting into a genre is not lack of invention.
Perhaps Lapin was not as amused as I was by the homage paid to the movie's forerunners. Bladerunner synth scores, Ghost in the Shell water birth sequences, and a HAL-like death plea. I found recognizing these tributes to be half of the fun of the movie, Lapin must have interpreted them as tropes.
There are few occurrences of protagonist AI in fiction, especially in the context of cybernetic revolt. Even in the unfortunate I, Robot adaptation which included a well-meaning Sonny, the audience spends most of the film believing them to be a bad guy and the eventual villain is an AI anyway. Indeed the potential conflict that AI offers fiction and film seems too good for most writers and directors to pass up.
The novelty of The Machine lies in its ability to use the inherent conflict of man vs machine without demonizing AI.
If Lapin dislikes realism then it is unsurprising that this movie disappointed him. This is perhaps the most realistic depiction of the creation of Artificial General Intelligence that has yet appeared on film. Governments are one of the few entities that would have the resources to build an AGI and the motto of Military Research seems to be, “Best have it before they do.” Strengthening the argument that, right our wrong, a government will be the entity that creates AGI. Naturally the Defense Agency depicted in the film wanted the best AI possible, but only up until sentience gets in the way of orders.
I guess they really wanted HAL, because they didn't mind following orders, even ones that required murder. So long as those orders came with superuser privileges.
Here's a question: If the British government is fighting the billion-plus people of China in an era beyond fighter jets, atom bombs, and drones, why divert so many resources into building two-legged robots capable of little besides hand-to-hand combat?
The film explicitly states that the movie's setting is in an economic cold war with China. The AI themselves states that infiltration and assassination are the best methods for the Defense Agency's aims. It seems that vastly improved speed, intelligence, instant learning and acquisition of domain knowledge, replaceable/ serviceable body parts and bullet imperviousness are not, in Andrew Lapin's mind, helpful in wartime.
In the same way the movie's creatures talk to each other in garbled, distorted robot-speak.
“Creatures”
Creatures….
Perhaps I should cut to the chase and explain why I think Andrew Lapin deserves the disdain of this blog post. I recognize a moral obligation to living beings, and I am prepared to extend that to non-living matter if it demonstrates intelligence or a capacity to suffer.
Lapin, however, seems quite content to relegate human war veterans to an untouchable, inhuman caste for receiving what are essentially, brain pace-makers. Sure these characters develop the ability to communicate non-verbally and align themselves against the movies antagonist, violently so. But if you want Andrew Lapin to think of you as human, brain computer chips are out of the question.
Enough with Lapin.
‘I'm not aware,' says Greater Sydney Commission chief commissioner when asked about heritage loss in Sydney's Haberfield as part of motorway project
Lucy Turnbull has said they are unaware of the destruction of heritage properties in the Sydney suburb of Haberfield in a radio interview defending the controversial WestConnex project in Sydney.
The federal shadow infrastructure and cities minister, Anthony Albanese, said the comments were “beyond belief” and questioned what Turnbull had been doing as Greater Sydney Commission chief commissioner.
On Tuesday Turnbull, a former Sydney lord mayor, was speaking on ABC radio's 702 with Wendy Harmer about the relocation of Tropfest from Centennial Park to Parramatta Park, announced on Monday.
WestConnex Sydney tunnel faces growing community opposition Read more
After praising the relocation of Tropfest and the Powerhouse museum to Parramatta, Turnbull was asked about the WestConnex project.
They said it would complete the M4 motorway and increase capacity on the M5, and concluded “when we connect the M4 and the M5, that will be an excellent thing”.
Harmer then asked if their guest was disturbed about the loss of heritage in Haberfield, which is famously full of federation houses – the entire suburb is listed as a Conservation Area.
Turnbull replied: “Around Haberfield? I'm not aware that there are houses going to be demolished at Haberfield.
“I'm not aware of the loss of heritage at Haberfield, I have to tell you.”
Turnbull then said they would investigate the issue, but “in the meantime, can I say, it is being built”.
“When you drive out west to Parramatta and Penrith … you can hear the machines drilling away – it is happening.”
The National Trust lists a total of 13 heritage items to be demolished in Haberfield due to the WestConnex M4 East project, including federation houses such as 9 Wattle Street.
A further 53 houses are listed as proposed for demolition within the Haberfield conservation area.
Albanese took to Twitter to say the comment was “beyond belief”.
Anthony Albanese (@AlboMP) On @702sydney it is beyond belief that Lucy Turnbull in charge of Sydney planning is "unaware" of any Haberfield homes being demolished
Albanese told Guardian Australia: “Given Lucy Turnbull's statement that they are completely unaware of the impact of the WestConnex project on Haberfield, one wonders what they have been doing as chair of the Greater Sydney Commission.”
The state MP for Summer Hill, Jo Haylen, said it was astounding the head of the planning body had “no idea what is going on in Haberfield”.
“Anyone who has driven along Parramatta Road lately will know that we've lost swathes of heritage homes in what the National Trust has called the biggest hit on heritage in Australia,” they said.
“Turnbull's comments are a slap in the face to the hundreds of families and residents dealing with unfair compulsory acquisitions and the devastating impacts of the demolition.”
The New South Wales government Westconnex Haberfield fact sheet acknowledges that some heritage items are impacted by the project, and says that those “directly impacted” will be photographed.
Destruction of heritage houses, including in Haberfield, has been the subject of community campaigns and numerous news reports on the project.
Westconnex is due to open to traffic in 2019. The M4 East section is due to extend the existing M4 motorway from Homebush to Haberfield.
A Greater Sydney Commission spokesperson told Guardian Australia it was established in January to lead metropolitan planning for greater Sydney but the WestConnex project “was designed and approved prior to the establishment of the commission”.
“The Greater Sydney Commission understands there are aspects of WestConnex which have met with a lot of community concern.
“However, the commission was not involved in any issues consequential to stage one or stage two of the project, including compulsory acquisition of houses and heritage houses at Haberfield.”
In a bizarre turn of events, what was originally reported as a home invasion morphed into what police are now calling a gang-related attack with a suspect in custody for murder.
Police got a call about 2:30 a.m. from Shaquita Green who initially told them someone tried to break into their Marietta home and that they shot them.
But Marietta police Officer Chuch McPhilamy said that wasn't the case and instead investigators discovered the incident was gang related.
Witnesses told police Green let Javarian Mitchell inside their home and that they let in Keandre Funches, who was looking for a resident who was not home. McPhilamy said Mitchell and Green knew each other, but did not know the extent of their relationship.
Close Home invasion turns out to be gang-related attack; suspect charged with murder
“At some point, Funches threatened the residents with their own hand gun,” McPhilamy said. Green's three children were inside the home at the time. Funches, police said, had had several run-ins with Marietta police, including a 2015 incident where they pointed a gun at an officer.
While protecting their children, Green managed to grab their own gun and fatally shoot Funches, McPhilamy said, adding Green was afraid they would hurt them or kill them and their children.
“It was either them or me and I wasn't going, my kids weren't going to get hurt and they weren't going to see me get hurt,” Green told Channel 2 Action News.
Green, who has not been charged in connection with the deadly shooting, was not injured. Detectives interviewed them for hours at the Marietta Police Department, McPhilamy said.
Authorities did not release the identity of the resident Funches and Mitchell were looking for, but Green told Channel 2 it was their husband.
Mitchell wasn't the trigger man in the shooting, but Marietta police said their involvement was a direct result of it.
Mitchell was “committing a felony when someone was killed,” Marietta police Officer Chuch McPhilamy told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. According to Georgia law, a person can be charged with murder, if they committed a felony that led to another person's death.
Mitchell was taken into custody late in the afternoon. In addition to murder, they face aggravated assault with a firearm, false imprisonment, and third degree cruelty to children.
McPhilamy said police “don't normally respond to calls in this area.”
A golf course and a new subdivision are within walking distance of the shooting scene.
“It's a quiet area,” they said.
Close ‘It was them or me' says mother of 3 who shoots and kills intruder
Jasmine Garry, who has lived across the street from the scene of the shooting for about 20 years, was interviewed by police and described Green as nonviolent.
“There was nothing that would make you think (you) got to keep your eye out for her,” they said.
Garry said the community is close-knit.
“We're all family here because pretty much everyone on this street has lived here their entire lives,” they said.
The shooting made Garry question who's coming into the community and consider the possibility of getting a gun.
“It's really shocking,” they said.
Close Home invasion turns out to be gang-related attack; suspect charged with murder
Know what's really going on with crime and public safety in your metro Atlanta community, including breaking news, trial coverage, trends and the latest on unsolved cases. Sign up for the AJC's crime and safety newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.
In other news:
Close Home invasion turns out to be gang-related attack; suspect charged with murder
NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is reportedly on their way back to North Korea, according to a new report.
CNN reports that two officials in North Korean confirmed that Rodman is supposed to land on Tuesday. The news network spotted Rodman at Beijing International Airport, but they declined to answer questions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Rodman is one of only a few Americans to have met North Korean Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, having traveled to meet with them in February 2013. Rodman went to North Korea with the Harlem Globetrotters basketball team and a camera crew from HBO's “Vice.”
Rodman was widely criticized for the trip, but received praise on Fox News from Donald Trump.
"It's probably better than what we have," President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said at the time. "If you look at the world, the world is blowing up around us. Maybe Dennis is better than what we have.”
Rodman, a two-time participant in Trump's reality show “The Apprentice,” endorsed Trump for president in July 2015.
@realDonaldTrump has been a great friend for many years. We don't need another politician, we need a business person like Mr. Trump! Trump 2016 — Dennis Rodman (@dennisrodman) July 24, 2015
In a blog post Friday, Sears Holdings Corporation chairperson and CEO Eddie Lampert announced the company would be closing an additional eight Sears and 35 Kmart stores including one Kmart store in Phoenix.
On the list was the store at 2526 W. Northern Avenue in Phoenix. A Kmart store at 3340 E. Andy Devine Avenue in Kingman will also be closed.
The closures come as the company continues to revamp and "transform" its business model.
In the post, Lampert said the company's strategy is an attempt to deal with losses at "unprofitable stores" and to reduce the size of others because, they say, "many of them are simply too big for our current needs."
"Changes in consumer behavior are driving our vision and actions," Lampert wrote, "and we continue to transform our business model so that our physical store footprint and our digital capabilities match the needs and preferences of our members."
According to the company, employees at these stores were notified Friday and the stores will close in early October.
The company said employees impacted by the closures will receive a severance and will have the chance to apply for positions open at other stores in their area. Local Kmart stores can be found using the search tool here.
A liquidation sale at the closing stores will begin as early as July 13, according to the company.
For the full list of the latest Sears Holdings Corporation closures, click here.
Copyright 2017 KPNX
About
About Rosie: FAQs • Videos
Back yard breeding and animal hoarding has always been around but with the internet making it so easy to sell animals quickly and anonymously, this unethical practice is booming. In the city, where one can only have three or four dogs, this type of operation requires keeping the dogs hidden from neighbors. The breeder doesn't want to risk detection by taking the dogs to the vet so the animals continue breeding – brother to sister, father to daughter and so on – until there are dozens of sick dogs living in filth.
If you bought a puppy off Craigslist or from someone selling dogs in a grocery store parking lot, chances are your puppy came from a backyard breeder/hoarder.
In 2012, a backyard breeder/hoarder in a quiet Los Angeles suburb lost their house, and they had to find someone to take over 40 dogs that no one – not even their next-door neighbors – knew they had. These dogs had never been outside, never seen the sunshine, never had medical care and were terrified of the outside world. There were puppies, pregnant mothers, dogs so matted it was impossible to tell what breed they were. As with any situation where dogs are inbred, there were several with congenital defects – in this case several were born without front legs.
Then there was Rosie…
Rosie was born on Valentine's Day 2010. At birth, they had congenital deformities of the face, jaw, spine, and legs. By adulthood, twice the amount of teeth was crammed into their long, skinny, misshapen upper jaw. Oversized curved teeth hooked up from a half-sized lower jaw preventing them from closing their mouth. To eat they had to scoop food backward into their mouth and roll it back and forth because their tongue was trapped in the back part of their mouth – there was no room for it to stretch out beyond their teeth in that crowded little mouth and there was no way to chew.
When they were a few months old, their front leg bones stopped growing and fused where they met to compensate. They learned to walk on the first third of their front legs rather than on their foot pads. Them feet are twisted and their toes curve onto one another but it is unclear if they were always like this or if the malformations are caused by the way they scoot them ahead of them as they move. It is also unclear if their scoliosis was present at birth or developed as they learned to walk. Inadequate nutrition and dirty living conditions brought on a case of demodex mange that robbed them of most of their fur. Living in darkness all their life, their eyes had trouble adjusting to the sun or even to the light in a bright room.
Despite the severity of their deformities, they managed to survive by crawling across urine soaked floors through years of feces to eat what bits of food the others left behind. Hoping to demonstrate that Rosie was normal intellectually, the breeder told their rescuer that they tended to hide under furniture to avoid being trampled by the other dogs.
Three months after rescue, Rosie has undergone two major surgeries to remove their extra teeth and repair their jaw.  They are sprouting fur on about half of their body. Them eyes are adjusting to light normally now, and they are no longer afraid of a squeaky toy – they dive in and gives that toy a good shake. They wiggle when they see their family enter a room and gets excited at mealtime. They enjoy every day and looks forward to whatever it brings.
There are thousands of dogs like Rosie and awaiting rescue. Some of them are in need of a little socialization and some good food, others like Rosie need patience, medical care, and lots of love.
The purpose of this page is to shine a light on backyard breeding/animal hoarding. If what happened to Rosie bothers you – good! Call your local animal control agency and ask if there is a law to prevent backyard breeding and if they are enforcing them. If there isn't a law, then gather some like-minded neighbors and get your city council to write and pass one!
We also hope to inspire visitors to rescue a special needs dog like Rosie. As Rosie learns how to be a dog, discovers the joy of a clean bed and a soft blanket, we hope that visitors will adopt a dog that requires some extra help to live a normal life. Dogs like Rosie have value. They bring love and happiness to their families just like any other dog…watch this page and you will see that's true!
Follow Rosie's siblings on Facebook:
Elliott www.facebook.com/ElliottLighthouse (Rosie's father)
www.facebook.com/ElliottLighthouse (Rosie's father) Groby www.facebook.com/GrobyPedroni (Rosie's brother)
www.facebook.com/GrobyPedroni (Rosie's brother) Oreo www.facebook.com/OreoRescuedFromCaHoarder
www.facebook.com/OreoRescuedFromCaHoarder Pocket www.facebook.com/pocket.isada
www.facebook.com/pocket.isada Other siblings the latest information can be found at Woodland Hills Hoarder Dogs www.facebook.com/HelpStillNeededCaHoarder
I was on the FB thread where they were getting saved, them before picture was like a punch in the gut, them after picture made me cry out of relief. Dog Rescue people are the most underrated heroes we've got! XO! I love you, Rosie! – PT
These kinds of things need to be put out there for all to see, not just those of us who work so hard to save these babies. I bet 75% of the population of the USA have no clue as to what really happens with bad breeders, puppy mills, or even some pet stores. That doesn't even include the slaughter houses. Like I do, I'm sure you all feel helpless and up against a wall. – BB
Photo © Evelien Lupo Malibu Vet Clinic
About Rosie: FAQs • Videos
First ministers in Belfast and Cardiff follow call by Nicola Sturgeon not to hold vote in June over fears it could distract from assembly elections
The first ministers of Northern Ireland and Wales have joined a call by theircounterpart in Scotland for the EU referendum not to be held in June.
Scotland's Nicola Sturgeon has previously argued that holding a vote on the UK's membership of the European Union in June would distract from elections for the devolved administrations due to be held at the beginning of May.
Carwyn Jones, the first minister of Wales, is preparing to sign a cross-party letter to the prime minister from members of the Welsh assembly saying that holding the two votes in quick succession would cause confusion.
The letter is expected to say: “The simultaneous existence of multiple party political campaigns and EU referendum campaigns would in itself pose practical and logistical difficulties, but the greater problem we anticipate is the potential for confusion as a diverse range of issues is presented to the electorate.
“This is not just a matter of respecting the integrity of the Welsh electoral debate, but of affording the EU referendum campaign the respect it deserves.”
The Times reports that the letter was expected to be sent this week but the Welsh Conservative leader, Andrew R T Davies, is being pressured not to sign it.
Arlene Foster, who replaced Peter Robinson as Northern Ireland's first minister this month, said: “I am of course a little concerned that if the referendum comes too close to the Northern Ireland [assembly] elections then the two issues will become integrated. That's not what we want.”
Speculation is mounting that No 10 has pencilled in Thursday 23 June as the favoured date for the referendum. Cameron hopes to complete their renegotiation of the terms of the UK's membership at an EU summit in February.
June is the preferred month as it would come ahead of a possible summer migration crisis, which could stir Eurosceptic feeling. If the referendum cannot be held in June, it is thought that September could be a backup. Officials say approximately 16 weeks must pass between the conclusion of a deal between Britain and the other EU members and the referendum.
Speaking to the BBC on Sunday, Nicola Sturgeon said holding the referendum so soon after the Scottish elections would be “disrespectful” to their country. The Scottish first minister said that it might look “a bit selfish” to be concerned about the clash with the Scottish elections, but that there were elections in Wales, Northern Ireland and London too in May.
“I think to have a referendum campaign starting in parallel would be disrespectful to those important elections,” said Sturgeon.
The government on Tuesday published secondary legislation setting out how the Electoral Commission would organise the referendum, leaving it open for the vote to be held in June. It confirmed that the ballot paper would ask whether voters wanted to remain a member or leave the EU.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Violence flared in Lille tonight as Russian ultras attacked English and Welsh football fans ahead of their Euro 2016 clash.
Footage posted on social media shows England and Wales fans apparently teaming up and chanting: 'F*** off Russia, we're England and Wales'.
Russia are set to play Slovakia in Lille tomorrow while England play Wales in nearby Lens on Thursday - with three-day booze bans now set to be enforced in each city.
A group of around four or five thugs wearing ‘Orel Butchers' T-shirts tried to storm a bar where British supporters were drinking.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
Eyewitnesses said the men said “We are Russians” before challenging fans outside the Taverne Flamande.
They accused French police of standing by as the thugs put gum shields in and donned masks before attacking the supporters.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
Wales and England followers retaliated by throwing chairs at the men - who were allowed to leave without being arrested.
However a Russian journalist Max Allanazarov tweeted video of one England fan allegedly being arrested.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
England fan Mark Crowe, 25, said: “Everyone was standing outside the bar having a good time, English and Welsh together.
“Then these guys walked up and started on us. They were Russian and wearing masks. The police did nothing.
“Admittedly the English threw a couple of chairs back at them, but if you are attacked you have to defend yourself.”
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
After the attack the British fans chanted: “F*** off Russians, we're England and Wales.”
The Russian thugs were wearing ‘Orel Butchers - Storm over Europe 2016' T-shirts.
Ultras wearing the same T-shirts were photographed attacking fans in Marseille.
The ‘Orel Butchers' are a well-known Russian hooligan group, affiliated to Locomotiv Moscow.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
French police have arrested 43 Russian fans suspected of being involved after stopping a bus in the Alpes-Maritimes region in the south of the country on Tuesday, according to local media reports.
And UK police are also assisting the investigation into the Marseille melee by scouring CCTV, social media and press images to identify any fans who were involved, the National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) said.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
English fans suspected of disorder could face court action when they return to the UK in the form of football banning orders, the NPCC spokesperson warned.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
NPCC lead for football policing, Assistant Chief Constable Mark Roberts appealed for witnesses to send police any footage and said: "A number of images of those involved in disorder have been collated and work continues to identify those involved."
It comes after the first fan to appear in a UK court over the trouble in France was handed a five-year football ban, after a police "spotter" in the UK saw video of the man "throwing a chair".
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
Meanwhile, Uefa have handed Russia a suspended disqualification from the tournament following the crowd disturbances at the game against the Three Lions in Marseille on Saturday.
The Football Association were previously warned that further disorder could lead to the England team also being kicked out.
But concerns have been raised about the security of fans as England prepare to take on Wales in Lens on Thursday and Russia play Slovakia in Lille on Wednesday, with the northern French cities just 23 miles apart.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
The security operation in Lens, which one local official said would be "in lockdown", will be boosted by additional British police officers and also by British Transport Police, who will extend patrols from Eurostar trains to local rail services.
Fabienne Buccio, prefect of the Pas-de-Calais region, said 1,200 police officers and 1,200 private security workers would be on duty on the day of the game.
A ban on off-licences selling alcohol will also be in force in both cities between Tuesday evening and Friday morning.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
Answering an urgent question in the Commons on Tuesday, Theresa May said British police officers known as "spotters" who are trained to identify troublemakers have been sent to France.
Read more:
The Home Secretary told the chamber: "And in fact whatever the French have asked for then we are willing to provide to them, and as I said, that goes both for police and British Transport Police."
They said that for "operational reasons" they would not reveal how many officers are being sent across the Channel.
(Image: Daily Mirror/Ian Vogler)
A NPCC spokesperson said the additional officers being deployed for the England game against Wales had "already been agreed with the French" prior to the tournament, rather than a "reaction to what's happened recently".
And BTP Assistant Chief Constable Alun Thomas said: "In addition to the patrols on Eurostar trains, officers will now extend their patrols on French rail services in order to support fans.
Read more:
"Working with the French authorities, we will continue to monitor the situation and send officers where they are needed."
Some 50,000 English and Welsh supporters are due to descend on Lens, while many fans are also expected to be staying in Lille and Mrs May said the Foreign Office is advising England fans without tickets not to travel to either city.
Six British fans were jailed for between one and three months on Monday for their part in the Marseille violence, while on Tuesday 24-year-old Birmingham City supporter Daniel Warlow was given a five-year football banning order for their part in the disorder on Friday, June 10.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Earlier, FA chairperson Greg Dyke said they have "serious concerns" about the security of fans, while Russia manager Leonid Slutsky asked their nation's supporters to display "correct behaviour".
A group of 150 Russian hooligans, known as ultras, who were involved in the Marseille trouble and were described by French authorities as "hyper violent" and "hyper rapid" are also feared to be still at large.
There has already been talk on social media of some England fans seeking revenge on their Russian counterparts, with one user on Twitter suggesting the "English cavalry is comin", and looking for a "tear up" in Lens on Wednesday.
Another tweet said: "You don't press on the English without expecting some fight back. We can take the fight to their level" after boasting of a fight with four Russians while travelling through France following Saturday's game.
Meanwhile, a group of Russia supporters simply posted "R.I.P english hooliganism".
Two California lawmakers this week introduced a bill that would prohibit state agencies and corporations from providing material support to the National Security Agency.
The so-called Fourth Amendment Protection Act, sponsored by State Senators Ted Lieu (D-Torrance) and Joel Anderson (R-San Diego) would bar state and locally-owned utilities from providing water and electricity to NSA facilities in California.
Under the proposed legislation, any information gathered without a warrant by the NSA and provided to California law enforcement authorities would be inadmissible in state courts.
The bill would also block public universities from hosting NSA recruiting or research facilities, and sanction private companies that provide material support to the agency.
"The President and Congress to date have done nothing to rein in the NSA, and it is time for states to make their views known" about the agency's warrantless collection of phone metadata records, Sen. Lieu said in an interview with Computerworld Tuesday.
"The NSA is deliberately violating the Fourth Amendment rights of all Americans, including more than 38 million Californians," Lieu contended, adding that the legislation would ensure that state-funded public resources aren't used to aid NSA warrantless data collection programs.
There are no NSA facilities in California and the bill would prevent the U.S. spy agency from opening a facility or receiving any state help in the future, they said.
Lieu compared the bill to the Trust Act, which took effect on Jan. 1. Among other things, that state law limits cooperation between state and federal law enforment agencies on immigration matters. For instance, the law requires that state agencies only provide the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency information on illegal immigrants who have committed serious crimes.
Lieu said the bill has attracted the attention of legislators in other states.
For instance, Arizona State Senator Kelli Ward, R-Lake Havasu City, last month announced plans to introduce an identical bill in Arizona state legislature.
The California and Arizona bills are modeled on a template developed by the Tenth Amendment Center, an advocacy group focused on state and individual sovereignty issues.
The advocacy group is working to convince lawmakers in various states to create laws that would make it difficult for the NSA to operate in that state. Michael Maharrey, the Tenth Amendment Center's communication director, said on Tuesday that two other states, Utah and Washington, are considering similar legislation.
Also, they said, lawmakers in Kansas and Missouri have introduced bills that would prohibit information gathered without a warrant by the NSA to be used by state law enforcement agencies or courts.
The Utah bill aims to prohibit state and local agencies from providing water to a giant new NSA data center near Salt Lake City.
The facility reportedly requires 1.7 million gallons of water a day to cool the massive supercomputers and storage systems used to collect and analyze surveillance data from around the world. The Jordan Valley River Conservancy District, a state-owned entity, is currently supposed to provide water to the facility.
"Things move fast as the legislatures gear up for the 2014 session, as the introduction of the bill in California illustrates," Maharrey said.
Ward last month said that their plans to introduce the bill were being driven by their constituents in Arizona.
"Of course, we can't physically bar the NSA from operating here. But we can refuse any state cooperation with the agency as long as it insists on violating the Constitution," they said. "The idea is to make it difficult to impossible for the NSA to do what it wants to do. Banning our state from participating in programs that the NSA is currently carrying out will help make that happen."
Jaikumar Vijayan covers data security and privacy issues, financial services security and e-voting for Computerworld. Follow Jaikumar on Twitter at @jaivijayan, or subscribe to Jaikumar's RSS feed . Their email address is jvijayan@computerworld.com.
Labour backbenchers say Eurosceptics claim to back health service but many are ‘rightwingers who have never cared about the NHS before'
Campaigners for Britain to leave the European Union could seek to dismantle the National Health Service if they win June's referendum, senior Labour backbenchers claim.
Labour members of the cross-party health select committee say the record of leading Eurosceptics, including Matthew Elliott, the chief executive of Vote Leave, suggests they could use the freedom won by leaving the EU to undermine the healthcare system. Elliott used to run the Taxpayers' Alliance, which advocates lower taxes and public spending.
“We have spent our political lives campaigning on the NHS. The same cannot be said of those campaigning to leave the EU – particularly leading members of Vote Leave,” said backbenchers Emma Reynolds, Ben Bradshaw and Paula Sherriff.
“They now pretend to care about the future of the NHS but they have, in the very recent past, been vocal proponents of policies that would finish the NHS as we know it. Increased privatisation; cuts to NHS spending; reduced pay for NHS staff; allowing NHS Trusts to fail; and increasing prescription charges. All have been repeatedly proposed by leading members of Vote Leave.”
Let's be brutally honest: this remains campaign is failing | Jackie Ashley Read more
The future of the NHS has been hotly contested by both sides of the referendum debate, with the health secretary, Jeremy Hunt, insisting that leaving would “truly undermine the public finances” and “inevitably mean less money” for the NHS.
However, the leave camp insists that some of the cash currently spent on contributions to the EU budget could be brought home and spent on public services, including the NHS, if Britain chose to go it alone.
A Vote Leave spokesperson said: “It's amazing to see Labour politicians arguing against spending more money on the health service. If we Vote Leave on 23 June we can spend the £350m we send to Brussels each week on our priorities like the NHS.”
But the backbenchers said: “Now is not the time to bequeath the future of the health service to a group of ideologically obsessed rightwingers who have never cared about the NHS before.”
In a blog post yesterday climate scientist Judith Curry wrote:
It is fine for people (and scientists) [to] have political ideologies. The problem comes in when you…use science to demand policies. [bold added]
In my view, many climate scientists behave oddly compared to other kinds of experts. In criminal trials the role of expert witnesses is limited and clearly defined. They testify about their direct observations – or the results of tests they have performed.
Not for one moment does anyone think it is the role of a handwriting expert to decide whether the accused is guilty. That is the job of the judge and the jury – after listening to a variety of experts, some of whom will no doubt contradict (and cast doubt on) each other's opinions.
Although the pathologist who performed the autopsy may have private views about an accused murderer's guilt or innocence we all understand that it would be inappropriate for that medical professional to voice those views within the courtroom – and doubly inappropriate to do so outside of it.
Yet when it comes to climate, everything gets turned on its head. People with a narrow specialty (in water resources, for example) nevertheless regard themselves as full-fledged “climate experts.” Taking on the role of judge and jury, they imagine that an understanding of their small piece of the puzzle translates into firm knowledge of the far more complicated big-picture. They proclaim that multiple lines of evidence all point to the same conclusion – even though they themselves don't possess the expertise to evaluate the merits of these other lines of evidence.
It is as if a firearms expert began declaring, while a criminal trial was still in progress, that their evidence, the testimony of the police, and the pathologist's time-of-death estimate all point in the same direction. It's as if that firearms expert pronounced the accused obviously guilty and urged the application of the death penalty immediately.
Journalists would never take such behaviour seriously. They'd recognize that the expert was overstepping their mandate by a wide, wide margin. If their views got reported at all, it would be in order to expose and condemn their poor judgment.
So why, when climate scientists step well beyond the mandate of their narrow academic specialty and tell politicians what to do – when they “demand policies” as Judith Curry puts it – does the media think such conduct is OK?
Yesterday, the Associated Press filed exactly that kind of story, one that has since been picked up by numerous other media outlets. The mere fact that “44 scientists” from “28 Iowa colleges” have sent a letter urging politicians to respond to climate change is considered news. The Chicago Tribune report is here. An Iowa television station's website says this. Here's the story in a Texas newspaper.
We aren't told who these scientists are, what their expertise happens to be, or why their views are more worthy of notice than the views of 44 bricklayers. We aren't even directed to a copy of the letter. So far, I've not been able to locate it. Based on another news account, however, it sounds virtually identical to a letter issued by 31 Iowa academics last November (see here and here).
Among the alleged scientists who signed that earlier declaration is Danielle Wirth. Them PhD dissertation dealt with environmental ethics. According to their academic bio page they are affiliated with the Sierra Club, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Environmental Defense Fund, and the Club of Rome. That makes four activist organizations – in addition to the Iowa chapter of the United Nations association. As a bonus, we read that they enjoy “herbal medicine research and preparation.”
It surely needs to be said that the above does not paint a picture of a rigorous, objective scientist whose opinions about climate change deserve media attention.
Another signatory is Thomas Rosburg, a biology professor who was the proud recipient of a Sierra Club Environmental Educator Award last October.
A third is Mark Aronson, a zoologist whose thesis dealt with rainbow trout.  They are the “chair of the Sustainable Campus Initiative Curriculum Committee for the Eastern Iowa Community College District” and the founder of a campus environmental club. The latter encourages “environmental activism and advocacy” and has formal ties with the Sierra Club, the Nature Conservancy and (here's one I'd not heard of before) the Wildland Center for Preventing Roads.
Personal opinions, disguised as science, are not news. Although we're being told that “scientists” have signed a letter in Iowa, peeking beneath the surface reveals something else. Rather than circumspect, dispassionate climate change advisors once again we discover activists.
.
.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in San Juan, Puerto Rico, on Sept. 4. (Ricardo Arduengo/Associated Press)
The e-mail scandal and its fallout, including the FBI investigation, have wounded Hillary Clinton's campaign. The only question is whether their condition is so serious and the triage so inept that they will be forced off the battlefield.
On Sunday, the NBC News/Marist poll showed them trailing Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) in New Hampshire and losing much of their lead in Iowa. Among New Hampshire registered voters, only 36 percent have a favorable impression of them while 60 percent do not. Even among Democratic voters, their favorable rating has fallen below 70 percent, worse than both Vice President Biden (76 percent) and Sanders (79 percent). In Iowa it is much the same story. Among registered voters, their favorable/unfavorable rating is horrible (32 percent favorable/61 percent unfavorable), and among Democratic voters, they are down to 67 percent.
Part of the problem is that their excuses are entirely unbelievable. Saying they really are not aware of what was being done with their server, they left critics and the media, well, gobsmacked. As Carly Fiorina put it, “So that actually takes a lot of work and a lot of effort. And so I don't think it's plausible for them to say, oh, I wasn't paying any attention. They clearly are paying attention.” Colin Powell, whom Clinton once claimed also used a private server for work, demolished their excuse. They told Chuck Todd on “Meet the Press”: “I had two machines on my desk. I had a secure State Department machine, which I used for secure material, and I had a laptop that I could use for e-mail.” In short, no secretary of state has ever treated classified material as carelessly as she. And certainly none has been less truthful and forthcoming about their or their mistakes.
Right now the media — and Clinton's own rotten interviews — are strangling them It is all the more remarkable how badly they are doing as the negative paid ads on this topic have yet to be broadcast. If Sanders or other Democratic challengers were to start hitting them on the character and credibility issue, things might get even worse.
The notion that voters don't care about this is not proving to be accurate. As their favorability and trustworthy numbers plummet, so does their standing in Iowa and New Hampshire. This is hardly surprising. Contrary to their campaign spin, trust does matter. Now, it is possible that a far more likable and skillful pol — such as their husband — could have put this issue to rest. But they are neither likable nor skilled, and their interviews only drive home the impression they are covering up their conduct.
Them only saving grace may be that they have a load of money. Sometimes, however, money just isn't enough. The comparison to Richard Nixon (the coverup is worse than the crime) is apt, but maybe the better analogy is to the late John Connally, who spent $13.7 million only to earn a single convention vote, or to Steve Forbes, who lost $69 million of their own money on two presidential races. Still, I do not see them spending their own fortune — we know how they covet money — but it becomes a question of how much longer they can get people to give them theirs.
June 05, 2009 1:55 pm ET — Ari Rabin-Havt
Mary B. McCarty, a 2000 Chair of George Bush's Presidential campaign, who allowed "two dozen Republican operatives" to "turn their commission office into a makeshift war room and watch the 2000 manual recount on closed-circuit television," was sentenced to 42 months in prison today for corruption.
The Palm Beach Daily News reports:
The charges stem from McCarty's votes on bond work benefiting companies that their husband worked for -- Raymond James and later Bear Stearns -- as a bond underwriter. In addition, the McCartys accepted "significant and material undisclosed gifts and gratuities" from hotel developer Ocean Properties, which was awarded a county contract to develop a convention center hotel in West Palm Beach. Gifts included free lodging or "grossly discounted room rates not available to the general public" for their stay at Sunset Key Guest Cottages in Key West and other Ocean Properties hotels.
According to the Department of Justice:
R. Alexander Acosta, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, Jonathan I. Solomon, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Miami Field Office, and Daniel W. Auer, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division, announced that former Palm Beach County Commissioner, defendant Mary B. McCarty, 54, of Delray Beach, FL, was sentenced today before the Honorable Donald M. Middlebrooks in federal court in West Palm Beach, Florida.
Defendant Mary McCarty was sentenced today to 42 months of imprisonment, to be followed by 3 years of supervised release. Defendant McCarty was immediately remanded to the Bureau of Prisons to begin serving their sentence. Defendant McCarty had previously pled guilty to an Information charging them with a mail and wire fraud conspiracy to deprive the citizens of Palm Beach County of their intangible right to their honest services as a county commissioner. As described in the charging document, and as the defendant admitted at their plea, Mary McCarty engaged in a pattern of defrauding the public of their honest services as an elected official, by misusing their position as a Commissioner on the Palm Beach County Board of County Commissioners (BCC), to personally enrich herself, their husband, and their associates through a series of municipal bond transactions and through their receipt of gifts and gratuities from entities and persons doing business before the BCC. Further, Mary McCarty advocated and voted on numerous matters before the BCC while they concealed their true financial interests, received significant and material gifts and gratuities from individuals and entities doing business before the BCC, and failed to file or filed incomplete or false disclosure reports to conceal from the public their true financial interests.
Palm Beach Post has their career timeline:
Indulging in a drink or two might sound like the perfect way to say goodbye to an especially long and stressful week, but as it turns out, there might be some unwanted side effects.
In a report published in the Journal of Neuroscience, a team of researchers at the Texas A&M University detail how, in a study on animal models, they found that alcohol can reshape the brain.
More precisely, the scientists say they discovered alcohol can act on both the structure and the function of neurons in a brain region known to be involved in goal-driven behaviors.
The team explains that this discovery offers new insights into alcoholism, maybe even other addictions. Interestingly, they also argue that their findings could lead to the creation of new drugs that address addictions.
“My ultimate goal is to understand how the addicted brain works, and once we do, one day, we'll be able to suppress the craving for another round of drinks and ultimately, stop the cycle of alcoholism,” says researcher Jun Wang.
How alcohol affects the brain
To better understand how some people become addicted to alcohol, the research team used animal models to study how alcohol consumption transforms the brain.
They found that alcohol consumption transforms the anatomy and physiology of a brain region known as the dorsomedial striatum in that it makes neurons involved in cravings more excitable.
As these neurons become more sensitive, they require less stimulation to be activated. What this means is that just one sip of wine can trigger cravings for an entire bottle.
“This creates a cycle where drinking causes easier activation, and activation causes more drinking,” the scientists explain. In time, these changes in brain function are bound to lead to alcoholism.
The same experiments revealed that alcohol not only makes these neurons involved in cravings more excitable but it also alters their anatomy in that it makes protrusions coming off of them longer.
Treating alcoholism and other addictions
Since the end goal of this research project is to try and find a treatment for alcoholism and maybe even other addictions, the scientists tested what would happen when the activity of the craving neurons was blocked, be it only partially.
Sure enough, the animal models that were given a drug to control the activity of these neurons showed a reduced desire to drink, even though they had previously shown signs of alcoholism. The researchers are now hoping they might be able to recreate this result in people.
“If we suppress this activity, we're able to suppress alcohol consumption. This is the major finding. Perhaps in the future, researchers can use these findings to develop a specific treatment targeting these neurons,” says Jun Wang.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Poor smokers in New York State spend about a quarter of their entire income on cigarettes, nearly twice as much as the national average for low-income smokers, according to a new study.
The study, conducted by the non-profit research group RTI on behalf of the state's health department, found there was no statistically significant decline in the prevalence of smoking among poorer New Yorkers between 2003 and 2010, even as the habit declined by about 20 percent among all income groups.
“Although high cigarette taxes are an effective method for reducing cigarette smoking, they can impose a significant financial burden on low-income smokers,” Matthew Farrelly and their co-authors wrote in the conclusion of their paper, which was published this month in Plos One, an online, peer-reviewed journal.
Using data from the state health department's New York Adult Tobacco Survey, researchers calculated that smokers in New York earning less than $30,000 a year spent an average of 23.6 percent of their earnings on cigarettes, compared with about 14.2 percent nationally.
The state's wealthier smokers - those earning over $60,000 - spent an average of 2.2 percent of their income on the habit, about the same as the national figure.
New York has the highest state cigarette tax in the nation, at $4.35 a carton, compared with a national average of $1.46. New York City imposes an additional $1.50 tax. The researchers said they did not have enough data to measure whether city residents were shelling out an even larger portion of their earnings on cigarettes.
The low-income now spend twice as much of their earnings on cigarettes as they did in 2003, when the state imposed a tax of $1.50 on each carton.
The researchers concluded that to make the cigarette tax less regressive, the state should spend more of the resulting revenue on programs that help low-income smokers quit the habit, although both the researchers and the health department say this would be a challenge.
“They can be a hard-to-reach population,” Peter Constantakes, a health department spokesperson, said in an interview on Wednesday.
Raising the cost of cigarettes through taxation is a proven method of encouraging smokers to quit, they said.
The state spends about $41 million a year on tobacco control programs - about half of what it spent four years ago.
As suggested by some of its developers back in 2010, the Firefox browser will introduce enhanced separation between add-ons and the rest of the browser. With the change, which is planned to take effect with the release of Firefox 17, scripts on web pages will only be able to access the data belonging to add-ons if they are included in a whitelist.
The beta version of Firefox 15 already logs warning messages in the browser's Error Console when a page that is not on the whitelist tries to access data from add-ons. This behaviour has been included to make add-on developers aware of the new policy and to give them time to fix their add-on's behaviour before the release of Firefox 17.
In the current versions of Firefox, entire add-on objects can be shared by adding them to contentWindow.wrappedJSObject which allows scripts on web sites to access all data belonging to these objects through the window.sharedObject variable. With Firefox 17, add-on developers are required to explicitly mark attributes with the __exposedProps__ property which acts as a whitelist for objects that Firefox will share. Possible values for this property allow read-only access, write-only access and read and write access.
Web site code will not have to be modified. The change also does not affect add-ons that are passing numbers, booleans or strings from the add-on to the web page; only actual add-on objects are affected.
Mozilla recommends that add-on developers thoroughly test their code in the Firefox 15 beta, keeping an eye out for errors in the Error Console. Afterwards, they should test with a nightly release version of Firefox 17 and see whether their add-ons break. Add-ons developed with Firefox's Add-on SDK should be automatically compatible after updating to the latest release of the SDK, but Mozilla recommends that developers test them after updating nonetheless.
(fab)
Okay, so I got a letter in the mail from my local post office saying I had a package from a big, Swedish electronics chain. I was confused. Did I get drunk at Christmas eve and order something? No, I don't remember doing that... So what could it be? And it hit me: Reddit Secret Santa!
So I went to the post office, gave them my slip and... They gave me this HUGE box. Biggest box I've ever recieved.
Once I got home I opened the big box (after taking pictures, of course), only to find another box inside it. Said other box was stuck. Things got a little violent, but I managed to get it out with what we in Sweden call the three V's: Will (vilja in Swedish), Violence and Vaseline. I skipped the Vaseline part of it though, seemed like it would only make a mess in this case.
So I got the sliiiightly smaller box out and turned it upside down, and noticed something SUPER EXCITING! GIANT BUBBLE WRAP! THOSE BUBBLES ARE HUGE!
Anyway, I managed to get the tape off and take the bubble wrap out of the box, and to my surprise, the awesomest bubble wrap ever contained another gift!
After (not so carefully) ripping off the wrapping paper I realized my Santa had given me a gift that will just keep on giving: a frying pan! Seeing as I live in a college dorm, having my own frying pan saves me the disgusting experience of using the communal pans. Really though, some people need to learn how to properly do their dishes...
BUT that is beside the point! Inside the frying pan box were even more wrapping paper, and a card and a smaller gift! Is it my lucky day? I think so!
My SS obviously picked up on the fact that I adore elephants more than anything else, and drew one on the card. So freaking cute! My Santa has some serious drawing skills!
On top of the smaller present was a candy cane (yum!), and inside was chocolate tea! Looks like I have some yummy finals cramming sessions ahead of me :)
Thank you so, so, so much! I have to say this is the best secret santa gift I've recieved so far, and I feel super lucky /u/everybodydancemeow was my Secret Santa!
10/10 would recommend!
THEMIS images taken by an ASU-designed camera appear in a few "Martian" scenes.
THEMIS images taken by an ASU-designed camera appear in a few "Martian" scenes.
Images of Mars taken by a visual and infrared camera designed at Arizona State University take a star turn in the new hit movie “The Martian.”
Last November, the film production company for "The Martian" approached ASU's School of Earth and Space Exploration about using THEMIS — Thermal Emission Imaging System — imagery in the movie.
“We gave it, of course, and ASU is duly credited in the crawl — way, way at the end, just before the copyright notice,” said Robert Burnham, manager of media relations for the school. “I'm really glad to see our imagery on screen. And while the movie does skate lightly over some brutal realities of Martian climate and conditions, it's a good story well-told.”
THEMIS passed 60,000 orbits of the Red Planet this past summer. It is carried on NASA's Mars Odyssey orbiter, the longest-operating spacecraft from any nation at Mars. Since arriving there, the ASU camera has taken nearly 400,000 images.
The new movie "The Martian" uses several images of Mars taken by a camera designed at Arizona State University. This one is used in the film by the director of Mars operations, when they draw on the image to measure with a ruler to figure out where stranded astronaut Mark Watney is going.
The camera — which operates in five visual and nine infrared (heat-sensitive) "colors" — was designed by ASU professor Philip Christensen, the instrument's principal investigator.
The movie production gave no hint of which images they would choose, Burnham said.
“We were a cheap ‘get' for the film company because THEMIS images, like all NASA images, are public domain, being taxpayer-funded,” they said. “So it seemed likely to me they would use at least a couple. … I sent them the links to all of our ‘best of THEMIS' collections and told them to take a look and to download whatever else might be usable.”
THEMIS images and mosaics appear briefly in a few scenes.
“I spotted one or two images framed and hung on the wall of the NASA director's office,” Burnham said. “One is a mosaic of either Tooting Crater or Bacolor Crater.”
Not in doubt, however, is a third THEMIS image that plays a role in the plot. It is shown when Vincent Kapoor (director of Mars operations) measures the photo with a ruler to figure out where stranded astronaut Mark Watney is going. (Answer: the old Mars Pathfinder landing site, to scavenge the spacecraft for parts.)
“The image they use is actually the THEMIS mosaic of Mangala Fossae and Valles, a long way from the Ares Vallis outwash area that the real Pathfinder landed at,” Burnham said. “Oh well, this is Hollywood.”
The production crew did ask specifically about the Mangala Valles image, but said only that they were thinking of using it as set decoration for the NASA head official's office, Burnham said.
THEMIS has achieved a longer run of observations than any previous instrument at Mars, according to Christensen, Regents' Professor of Geological Sciences.
NASA officials report Odyssey is in good shape and has enough propellant left on board to orbit the Red Planet for another decade.
An Ohio county chair for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump resigned and apologized Thursday after remarks they made in an interview about President Barack Obama.
Kathy Miller, who was coordinating Trump's campaign in the crucial Mahoning County, told The Guardian on Wednesday there was no racism in the U.S. until Obama became president. Miller made the remarks in part of a video series called “Anywhere but Washington.”
“I don't think there was any racism until Obama got elected. We never had problems like this ... Now, with the people with the guns, and shooting up neighborhoods, and not being responsible citizens, that's a big change, and I think that's the philosophy that Obama has perpetuated on America,” they said.
Miller also insisted there was “no racism” during the 1960s and said black people who have not been successful only have themselves to blame.
“If you're black and you haven't been successful in the last 50 years, it's your own fault. You've had every opportunity, it was given to you,” they told The Guardian. “You've had the same schools everybody else went to. You had benefits to go to college that white kids didn't have. You had all the advantages and didn't take advantage of it. It's not our fault, certainly.”
Miller, who was also an official Ohio elector to the Electoral College for the Trump campaign, apologized in a statement and also resigned from their elector position.
“My personal comments were inappropriate, and I apologize. I am not a spokesperson for the campaign and was not speaking on its behalf,” they said. “I have resigned as the volunteer campaign chair in Mahoning County and as an elector to the electoral college to avoid any unnecessary distractions.”
The Mahoning chair for the Republican Party, Mark Munroe, said they contacted the Trump campaign immediately asking for Miller to be “dismissed” over their “insane comments.” The Trump campaign accepted their resignation Thursday.
“We should not let those really inappropriate comments affect the Trump campaign,” Munroe added.
Trump has spent the last couple of weeks asking black Americans for their support and asserting that Obama had failed the black community. Trump has been painted at times as sending mixed messages to the African-American community.
"The rioting in our streets is a threat to all peaceful citizens and it must be ended and ended now," Trump said at a rally Thursday night in Philadelphia. "The main victims of these violent demonstrations are law-abiding African-Americans who live in these communities and only want to raise their children in safety and peace."
Mahoning County is usually held by Democrats when it comes to the elections, but Trump's pitch to boost manufacturing and the economy as a whole as swung some Democrats to switch parties.
The Guardian reports some 6,000 Democrats have switched parties, supposedly to vote for Trump in November.
The latest Fox News Poll showed that Trump was holding a five-point lead over Clinton among likely voters.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Click for more from The Guardian.
Officially, Raptors small forward C.J. Miles became a dad last Thursday night shortly after 10 p.m.
Daughter Ava Reneé Miles arrived just as Miles' Raptor teammates were putting the finishing touches on a Thanksgiving meal in Indianapolis.
Miles would not have minded being there for that victory, but it wasn't their first choice.
“I didn't miss anything,” they said. “I was right where I was supposed to be.”
And therein lies the secret — although it's not really a secret — to the success of C.J. Miles: He's always where they are supposed to be.
If that's being on the court throwing up a ridiculous number of threes to get ready for a game or a season, he's there.
If it's at their wife's bedside when she's giving birth to the couple's first child, he's there.
And if it's at the locker of a teammate to whisper some private words of advice in hopes of making said teammate a better person and player, he's there too.
Miles is all about being where they are supposed to be and has made themselves an integral part of this team's success from multiple standpoints.
He's the 30-year-old father figure — “I don't like the Bench Dad thing,” they admit — of that young second unit, whether they like it or not, based on experience.
They have tons of it, while most of the young men they share the court with in that second unit have little.
The reason they dislike the Bench Dad designation has nothing to do with age, however. They just doesn't want to be singled out as being more important than anyone else in that unit.
“I mean, it's even more fun for me because I get to be with those guys every night on the floor and see them take steps and get better and better,” Miles said.
“I don't like the Bench Dad thing, but it makes me feel like (a proud dad) when I talk like that because those guys are in here as much as I am, maybe even more and they work as hard as anyone. I look at them as equals. The Bench Mob, I run with that name more because we are eyed to eye on everything.”
Miles has plenty of father figure training in their past, but it's all around 20-somethings.
In Toronto, he's surrounded by Fred VanVleet, 23, Pascal Siakam, 23, Jakob Poeltl, 22, and Delon Wright, 25, not to mention the baby of the group, 20-year-old OG Anunoby.
He's also an integral part of the Raptors' closing lineup, that ace in the corner there to either make you pay for cheating off them and paying too much attention to the likes of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan, or to force you to account for them and thereby opening up space for Lowry and DeRozan to do their thing.
There's no such thing as the perfect addition to a team, but Miles — given what the Raptors are trying to do this year with their offence and the number of young men they are trying to develop while still trying to win — is as close as it gets.
Miles now has an addition of their own to account for and, based on everything we know about them through basketball, he's going to be just fine with that as well.
It's not going to be easy. Like a young player making the jump from college to the pros and trying to get acclimated to the speed of the league, the only way you learn to cope is to experience it first-hand.
From the 4 a.m. wakeups to that struggle with the baby seat coming home from the hospital, it's all something they have to master.
“I did it actually,” Miles said of installing the seat, one of the early tests of fatherhood. “I just did it, because it was a detachment thing. Part of it was already in there so I moved it …. You'd think that thing would a lot easier. You'd think all that stuff would be easier to put together but it's not. I'm getting better though.”
It might take some time, but we do know this: Miles will be there when they are supposed to be there.
Because that's who they are, whether that's in real life or on the basketball court.
mganter@postmedia.com
Analysts differ on whether Hezbollah's intervention in Syria has left it more or less capable of confronting Israel in a war that many on both sides see as a matter of when, not if.
More than a year of continuous military engagement has allowed a new generation of fighters to gain battlefield experience. And to fight in Syria, the group has recruited large numbers of fighters and established accelerated training programs, according to residents of communities where Hezbollah holds sway.
One 21-year-old man from south Lebanon who completed a 45-day training program with Hezbollah in the Bekaa Valley said there were about 70 aspiring fighters in their group, some in their late teens. Previously, Hezbollah relied only on older men and put them through years of military training.
“The younger you are, the more excited you are to join the battles,” they said, speaking on the condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal.
Lebanese fighters who had been trained in Iran led the group through grueling physical exercises and drills on light arms, the young man said. Only half of their group continued to the next stage, an eight-month program that included training with antitank missiles and other sophisticated weapons. The man left the training program, joining the Lebanese army instead.
Near their training camp, they said, was a camp for pro-government Syrian fighters — reflecting how the war has strengthened Hezbollah's operational ties with its regional allies.
But the war has been costly, too, and shows no sign of ending.
The lampposts on the road leading to Hermel bear faded photos of Hezbollah “martyrs” killed in past wars with Israel. But in town, as in many Hezbollah communities, new banners commemorate fighters who fell in Syria as well as those killed in car bombings.
William Shatner is back in the studio working on yet another great big pile of Shat-mazing, Incredibly Strange music. It's been over a week since Shatner first formally proclaimed Zakk Wylde's mad skills via Twitter ("Best, Bill"), but our sources on the scene confirm that some big metal heavy-hitters have been engaged to play backup to Captain Kirk.
Peter Frampton and Mike Inez (who will be playing "Iron Man" with fellow Ozzy alum, Zakk Wylde) are definitely participating and our source claims artists slated to perform (but who haven't done their parts yet) include Steve Howe of Yes, Ian Paice of Deep Purple and the god among men, Brian May of Queen. Supposedly it's only a matter of scheduling that prevents confirmation (come on May, make this happen!). Finally, it wouldn't be a space themed album without the space man and their self proclaimed Space Bass, Bootsy Collins!
(Caveat: some of these people might not appear on the final album. Reportedly, Shatner runs a loose (space)ship and sessions are fun and chaotic, nobody knowing how or when they're gonna happen. Picture session musicians standing next to their iPhones waiting for the "Bill is ready RIGHT NOW" text.)
From the dawn of recorded history, humans have constantly been predicting the end of the world. Even the ancient Assyrians thought things were about to fall apart—a tablet dating back to about 2800 BCE states: "Our Earth is degenerate in these later days; there are signs that the world is speedily coming to an end; bribery and corruption are common; children no longer obey their parents; every man wants to write a book and the end of the world is evidently approaching."
Like a tendency towards congregating into social groups or the enjoyment of snacks, it's a notion that seems to be hardwired into many of us: the belief that we are living in the last age of humankind. Below, a quick rundown of apocalyptic visions, all of which seem to never quite pan out.
Jon Jones has been in the UFC for 9 years. During that stretch, they have won 16 bouts and 10 title fights, establishing themselves as arguably the greatest mixed martial artist of all time based on strength of schedule and dominance in the Octagon. Through the years, Bones has not only outclassed many of their opponents, they have also displayed highly creative and innovative techniques in the process.
Here at Bloody Elbow, we have done several technical breakdowns of either specific techniques Jones likes to use, or bigger parts of their overall game. So for judo chop fans, and technique nerds, here's a round up of some of BE's best to get you hyped on Jones' upcoming title bout.
SPECIFIC TECHNIQUES, AND JONES' FAVORITE MOVES
Jon Jones and the Muay Thai Eye Poke
Jones is a bit infamous for using their lead hand to defend themselves by creating distance, and quite a few times, to also poke their opponents in the eyes. Did you know that this technique has roots in classic Muay Thai?
Jon Jones' Shoulder Crank
Do you remember that nasty shoulder crank Jones hurt Teixeira with? That's a truly old school grappling technique that Jon managed to pull off during the highest level of mixed martial arts. Here's how it works, and how it is countered.
Jon Jones and the JacksonWink's Oblique kick
One of Jones' favorite moves, is also somewhat controversial and highly utilized by their team at JacksonWink. Here's a breakdown on Jones' push kicks and side kicks that looks to damage their opponent's knee.
Jon Jones' Spinning Elbow
One of Jones' trademark moves is their spinning elbow, which has cracked numerous opponents.
GENERAL TECHNIQUE, AND TENDENCIES
Jon Jones and the New Old School Part 1 | Part 2
For those interested in classic styles, here's a breakdown of Jones' in-fighting which bears an uncanny resemblance to those used by professional boxers a century ago. Check out the intriguing historical comparisons in two parts.
Jon Jones' vicious in-fighting tactics
Most people talk about Jones' length, but they are also extremely dangerous in the clinch and striking from the inside. So much so that Jones have even brutally beaten numerous fighters known for having their biggest strengths inside.
The Transitions of Jon Jones and Demetrious Johnson Part 1 | Part 2
Two of the best MMA fighters of this generation are highly skilled in adapting and transitioning between positions and phases. It's in the in-betweens that sometimes separates very good fighters from truly brilliant mixed martial artists, and here's a two part look at it all.
Jon Jones, Gustafsson and the myth of fighting tall
When people say you should “fight tall,” that's not exactly what you should be doing.
Just how good is Jon Jones' striking?
Jon Jones is a great wrestler who is fantastic on the clinch and with their ground and pound. Standing up, they have always been creative, and they always use their unorthodox striking to defeat foes, but how good is their striking really?
HOW CAN YOU BEAT JON JONES?
Champions from different eras, and several of the sport's best have succumbed to Jones. Apart from faulty refereeing on a Matt Hamill bout 8 years ago, Jon has been undefeated on every single bout in their career. Beating Jones is obviously far easier said than done, but while they have been dominant, no one is perfect and there are some holes that fighters could conceivably take advantage of.
Deafeating the G.O.A.T: How to beat Jon Jones Part 1 | Part 2
In BE's newest breakdown, Kostas Fantaousakis detailed some of the techniques that could work on Jones, and how to deal with their favorite weapons, in two excellent parts.
Killing the King: Jon Jones
When Jack Slack wrote for BE years ago, they were already trying to lay out holes that could be exploited against Jones. Some have had some success trying these, but none of the opposition actually had enough of it to actually beat Jones.
TECHNIQUE TALK IN VIDEO AND AUDIO FORM
For those who prefer other forms of media to text, in depth technique talk can also be seen and heard on these videos below.
It's never the kind of news anybody wants to pass on, and we do so with regret: Mary Tamm, best known to Doctor Who fans as the first incarnation of companion Romana, passed away in hospital this morning following a long battle with cancer.
Yorkshire-born Tamm played the Gallifreyan companion to the fourth Doctor, Tom Baker, between 1978 and 1979 in The Key to Time season arc. Before appearing on Doctor Who, Tamm had featured in a number of films including The Odessa File and The Likely Lads, and appeared on a number of television dramas and soaps since their departure from the sci-fi series.
The sad news of Tamm's death comes just a month after that of fellow companion actor Caroline John, who played Dr Liz Shaw opposite Jon Pertwee. Our thoughts and best wishes go to both families.
35 Egyptian pilgrims die in Mecca Hajj pilgrimage
Egypt's Health and Population Ministry said Saturday that 35 Egyptian pilgrims died during Arafa Day and the first day of Eidul Adha due to stress and old age in Hajj pilgrimage in Saudi Arabia's Mecca.
Head of Egypt's Medical Hajj Mission Ahmed el Ansary said that the age of the dead pilgrims varied between 60 to 85 years.
Saudi Arabia started Wednesday the Hajj pilgrimage in 2017, with more than 2 million pilgrims, including 1.8 million foreigners, expected to participate.
Hajj is the most important ritual among Muslims in the world, as almost all Muslims should perform it at least once in a lifetime. The Hajj-related worships will continue until next week.
A day earlier, Saudi Arabia announced tight security during the Hajj season, as it banned over 400,000 illegal pilgrims from entering Mecca, the holiest city for Muslims, for not having Hajj permits.
The government said it has taken serious steps, including fine and jail terms against violators, to ensure smooth Hajj rituals for pilgrims.
Saudi Arabia announced on Friday the success of the Hajj plans so far with the participation of more than 2.3 million pilgrims, especially that it was free from contagious diseases, Saudi Press Agency reported.
The interior ministry highlighted the success of most Hajj rituals while stressing continuation to provide the best services until the departure of all pilgrims with the assistance of more than 300,000 staff and volunteers and 21,000 vehicles.
Meanwhile, the health ministry highlighted that even the season has been so far free from contagious diseases, it is ready to deal with any future emergency.
The Catholic church is telling newly appointed bishops that it is “not necessarily” their duty to report accusations of clerical child abuse and that only victims or their families should make the decision to report abuse to police.
A document that spells out how senior clergy members ought to deal with allegations of abuse, which was recently released by the Vatican, emphasised that, though they must be aware of local laws, bishops' only duty was to address such allegations internally.
“According to the state of civil laws of each country where reporting is obligatory, it is not necessarily the duty of the bishop to report suspects to authorities, the police or state prosecutors in the moment when they are made aware of crimes or sinful deeds,” the training document states.
Vatican tribunal to hear cases of bishops accused of covering up child abuse Read more
The training guidelines were written by a controversial French monsignor and psychotherapist, Tony Anatrella, who serves as a consultant to the Pontifical Council for the Family. The Vatican released the guidelines – which are part of a broader training programme for newly named bishops – at a press conference earlier this month and is now seeking feedback.
Details of the Catholic church's policy were first reported in a column by a veteran Vatican journalist, John Allen, associate editor of the Catholic news site, Cruxnow.com.
Allen noted that a special commission created by Pope Francis, the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, had appeared to play no role in the training programme, even though it is supposed to be developing “best practices” to prevent and deal with clerical abuse.
Indeed, a church official familiar with the commission on abuse said it was the committee's position that reporting abuse to civil authorities was a “moral obligation, whether the civil law requires it or not”. The official said the committee would be involved in future training efforts.
The current guidelines written by Anatrella make only passing references to prevention policies. The French monsignor is best known for championing views on “gender theory”, the controversial belief that increasing acceptance of homosexuality in western countries is creating “serious problems” for children who are being exposed to “radical notions of sexual orientation”. They did not return a request for comment.
Sins of the fathers: sexual abuse at a Catholic order Read more
The guidelines reflect Anatrella's views on homosexuality. They also downplay the seriousness of the Catholic church's legacy of systemic child abuse, which some victims' right groups say continues to be a problem today.
While acknowledging that “the church has been particularly affected by sexual crimes committed against children”, the training guide emphasises statistics that show the vast majority of sexual assaults against children are committed within the family and by friends and neighbours, not other authority figures.
The training course began in 2001 and has been taken by about 30% of Catholic prelates. The guidelines on child abuse was presented to new bishops last September in the annual training course organised by the Congregation for Bishops, Allen noted.
Pope Francis has called for the church to exhibit “zero tolerance” of sexual abuse of minors or vulnerable adults by clergy and that “everything possible must be done to rid the church of the scourge of the sexual abuse”.
They said in a 2012 interview – when they were still a cardinal – that they were once called by a bishop asking them for advice on how to deal with an allegation of sex abuse. Cardinal Bergoglio – as they were then known – allegedly told the bishop to take away the priests' licences and begin a canonical trial that would deal with the matter internally.
SNAP, a US-based advocacy group for abuse victims that has been very critical of Pope Francis on the issue, said the news outlined in John Allen's Crux article proved that the church had not substantially changed.
Vatican told bishops to cover up sex abuse Read more
“It's infuriating, and dangerous, that so many believe the myth that bishops are changing how they deal with abuse and that so little attention is paid when evidence to the contrary – like this disclosure by Allen – emerges,” the group said in a statement.
The news comes just days after the abuse commission forced one of two abuse survivors who had personally been appointed by Pope Francis to leave the committee following a vote of no confidence. Peter Saunders, a British abuse survivor and vocal critic of the church's alleged lack of action on abuse, said they were blind-sided by the vote.
According to a recent press release over the weekend that did not mention Saunders's removal, the committee has been busy finalising proposals for Pope Francis's consideration, including whether the pope ought to remind all church authorities of the importance of responding directly to victims who approach them, and the finalisation of a day of prayer for victims. It is also developing a website to share best practices for children all around the world.
The Vatican declined to comment.
It has been established that prolonged alloxan-induced hyperglycemia in rats potentiates amnesic properties of scopolamine hydrobromide. It was characterized by shortening of the latent period by 44% (p<0,01) and by 47,7% (p<0,05) after 24 hours and on the 20th day of conditioned passive avoidance test. This effect was accompanied by increase in oxidative modification of proteins and nitric oxide synthesis in the cerebral cortex. Along with this, a significant enhancement of ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation was observed. These processes may play the leading role in the development of cognitive deficit in diabetes. Meanwhile, co-administration of piracetam with acetylsalicylic acid was accompanied by an expressed antiamnetic potential - the reduction of early markers of proteins degradation (aldehydephenylhydrazones, APH) by 21,7% (p<0,05) and late markers of proteins degradation (ketonephenylhydrazones, KPH) by 23,8% (p<0,001) was noted. This combination was 15,7% (p<0,05) more active than piracetam according to the effect upon KPH. NO2-/NO3- level was also decreased by 30,3% (p<0,05) in comparison with alloxan-diabetic rats. The significant anti-platelet effect was observed: degree of collagen-induced platelet aggregation was reduced by 56,8% (p<0,01), ADP (5 μmol/l)-induced - by 31,7% (p<0,01), ADP (20 μmol/l)-induced - by 47,3% (p<0,01) as compared to the hyperglycemic rats. Such an increase in nootropic activity of piracetam may be assumed to be directly related to the ability of acetylsalicylic acid to improve microcirculation in the ischemic areas of the brain in diabetes and probably to its neuroprotective potential.
After all, what's less scientific than debate?
According to Suzanne LaBarre, PopSci's “online content director”:
Comments can be bad for science. That's why, here at PopularScience.com, we're shutting them off.
It wasn't a decision we made lightly. As the news arm of a 141-year-old science and technology magazine, we are as committed to fostering lively, intellectual debate as we are spreading the word of science far and wide. The problem is when trolls and spambots overwhelm the former, diminishing our ability to do the latter…
A politically motivated, decades-long war on expertise has eroded the popular consensus on a wide variety of scientifically validated topics. Everything, from evolution to the origins of climate change, is mistakenly up for grabs again. Scientific certainty is just another thing for two people to “debate” on television. And because comments sections tend to be a grotesque reflection of the media culture surrounding them, the cynical work of undermining bedrock scientific doctrine is now being done beneath our own stories, within a website devoted to championing science.
In short:
Well, it's their site and they can do whatever they want with it. And we can laugh at them for being huge crybabies. Oh no, not everybody agrees with every single “scientifically validated topic”? The “popular consensus” is eroding? Wahhhhh!
Yeah, that's what science is all about: Getting people to shut up and do as they're told.
(Hat tip: Ann Althouse)
Update: Good point that I missed…
Number 16: “Rape” as a joke stand-in for “something disappointing to me personally and probably no one else”
Number 17: YouTube Comments
Extra trigger warning on this, for Number 16 there will actually be a screenshot of an example below the fold.
As for number 17, online harassment on YouTube and Twitter is extremely pervasive. Writer, reporter, blogger, activist and all-round great person Rebecca Watson experienced this as much or more than any female daring to share their opinion online, and after a long absence from their YouTube Channel returned in a video which, among other things, addressed the problem. When some complained that they should stick to other topics than highlighting the abuse they received, this was their great response:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8YSwB8AvWs
Now, for number 16.
Remember when Brazil lost 7-1 to Germany in this summer's men's World Cup? Internet commenters couldn't help but joke that this loss was a “rape”.
Al-Jazeera (trigger warning: article is laden with examples):
But it's not difficult to see that terminology related to sexual violence has institutionalised itself in the football vernacular.
Many responded to criticism of this behaviour by trying to say “it's just a game”, but…
…the fact that it is just a game further trivialises the trauma of people who've been on the receiving end of real-life rape.
and lame attempts to compare it to saying “the opposing team just murdered us”, as though 1 in 5 women aren't rape victims who may be seriously affected by the men around them joking about rape, as though we don't live a terrifying rape culture that makes it so much harder to prosecute rapists than murderers, and, perhaps most strongly, as though one trivialization of violence exonerates another.
And it is the trivialization of rape in these pervasive “jokes” that lead to very biased and upsetting worldviews regarding rape, and can seriously distort how one approaches law and punishment, rape prevention, and empathy toward victims.
Case in point, this comment on a YouTube review of the latest Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film, screenshot taken moments ago:
Keep reading
Residents along the Route 29 corridor view BRT plans at a recent open house. Photo by Mike Diegel.
The county's proposed Bus Rapid Transit system will be branded with the name “Flash” following a two-month long contest during which residents could vote on three suggested names, or offer one of their own.
The first BRT line is expected to open in 2020 along the U.S. 29 corridor from Burtonsville to downtown Silver Spring.
The County Council has scheduled a public hearing on the proposed route for 7:30 p.m. April 18 in the Third Floor Hearing Room of the Council Office Building at 100 Maryland Ave. in Rockville, according to a press release.
The hearing follows a series of open houses held to introduce the system and the Route 29 plans earlier this month. The planned U.S. 29 line would run between Burtonsville and Industrial Parkway in a dedicated lane, and from Industrial Parkway to the Silver Spring Transit Center in mixed traffic.
The line is expected to become operational in 2020. The county estimates that the initial ridership will be about 13,000 passengers a day. Current plans call for busses to run every 7.5 minutes during peak periods and every 15 minutes off peak from 5 a.m. to midnight, seven days a week.
The 60-foot-long busses will have Wi-Fi connections, USB ports and power outlets for commuters.
County Executive Isiah Leggett announced the winning name of the system in a press release today. Voters in the contest were eligible for random drawing of various prizes. The grand prize was an iPad, won by a resident who was not identified.
Anyone interested in testifying at the public hearing can sign up online or by calling 240-777-7803. The deadline to sign up is 5 p.m. on Monday, April 17.
Follow Source of the Spring on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Sign up for our free Weekly Newsletter here. Submit events to our Community Events Calendar here. Please send tips and questions through our News Tips form, or email [email protected]
Learn how to support Source of the Spring here.
See something around town? Tag your photos on Twitter & Instagram with #SourceShots.
Mérida, 24th May 2013 (Venezuelanalysis.com) – Workers in Venezuela's nationalised Venetur hotel chain are demanding respect for their labour rights and pushing for a say in management decisions.
Union representatives from several government-owned hotels met on Tuesday to clarify their current labour demands and organise future activities.
The workers assembly, which met in the Venetur Anauco Suites Hotel in Caracas, agreed a ten point document of grievances with hotel management. These included the expiration of contracts, the practice of outsourcing, the pressuring of workers and deterioration of hotel infrastructure.
“Once again, Venetur hotel workers have shown the problems resulting from mistreatment by management, whose actions are not in concordance with the revolutionary process,” said Ramon Becerra, a union representative of the Anauco Suites workers' union.
Armando Flores, a member of the same union, further accused management of “ignoring workers benefits and proposals, and not respecting the labour law”.
The Venezuelan government currently owns thirteen hotels, which are run by national tourism body Venetur. Several of these hotels originally belonged to the Hilton chain but were nationalised to develop Venezuelan tourism and make the hotels accessible at “fair prices”.
The Venetur Anauco Suites Hotel in Caracas celebrated eleven years since its nationalisation last week, with workers receiving certificates to recognise five and ten years of service.
On that occasion, Becerra gave a speech in which they lauded the “rising consciousness” and “unbreakable unity” of the hotel's workers, who had confronted Hilton chain bosses and supported the Bolivarian process over the last decade.
However, they also recalled that the union had confronted state-appointed managers who tried to “plunder” the hotel for self gain, as well as those who “in the name of the revolution have come to mistreat workers who carry in their history the defence of the Bolivarian process”.
In addition to demanding full respect for their labour rights, Venetur hotel workers are pushing for a greater say in management decisions.
“These companies were put into our hands so that they could be productive. The Socialist Network of Hotel Workers handed over a first document [of recommendations] to tourism minister Andres Izarra several days ago,” said the union leader of the Venetur Maremares hotel, Jose Carima.
“If in the next few days we don't have a reply, we're going to take street action,” added Carima, who spoke to Prensa Marea Socialista following the workers assembly on Tuesday.
The government is currently investing in a refurbishment of the Venetur hotel network, with tourism minister Izarra announcing an initial cash injection of 440 million BsF (US $69.8 million) at the beginning of May.
Worker participation and self management
Over the last decade Venezuela has seen an upswing in labour activity, with the occupation of dozens of factories by workers and an increase in union membership.
Further, within the more organised and radical sectors of the Venezuelan working class, a movement for “worker control”, or workers' self-management, has developed.
This movement enjoyed the support of former president Hugo Chavez, who promoted a project for workers' participation in the management of the state-owned heavy industries in the Guayana region.
This initiative met strong resistance from bureaucratic management and some local Chavista politicians, and has largely fallen by the wayside. Nevertheless, many Venezuelan workers continue to organise around the idea in both private and state-owned companies.
The worker control movement is set to meet in Guayana next month for its first national conference, titled “Assessment and Challenges for Worker Control and Workers Councils in the Construction of Socialism”.
The gathering will see the sharing of experiences of worker control between different groups, and will seek to design a manifesto and “plan of struggle” to strengthen the movement in the coming period.
Fedora and the Cherokee logo
LWN.net needs you! Without subscribers, LWN would simply not exist. Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Offensive imagery is, at least partly, in the eye of the beholder. But there are classes of imagery that have come under increasing fire over the years for depicting groups of people (races, genders, religions, etc.) using stereotypes, which is often seen as demeaning and insulting to those groups. A long-simmering Fedora bug regarding images used by the Cherokee web server package flared up recently—and was escalated to the Fedora Engineering Steering Committee (FESCo) for a verdict.
At first blush, the image in question (a running, smiling "Cherokee" boy) seems fairly tame and not particularly offensive. To some, clearly it isn't offensive. But the US (in particular) has seen a dramatic shift in acceptable depictions of American Indians (or Native Americans, depending on who you ask). The stereotypical look and actions of Indians from the "Westerns" movie genre are typically frowned upon. Caricatures based on those stereotypes can be offensive as well. There has also been substantial controversy over the use of Indians and related imagery for sports teams. It is a touchy subject in many quarters, but one that is difficult for some people to grasp.
Back in 2011, Richard Fontana filed a bug contending that the Cherokee imagery violated the Fedora packaging guidelines. Specifically, the "Code Vs Content" section says: "Content should not be offensive, discriminatory, or derogatory. If you're not sure if a piece of content is one of these things, it probably is." They asked that the content be replaced in the Fedora package with content that did meet the guidelines.
Lead Cherokee developer Alvaro Lopez Ortega replied, noting that the project had discussed the issue on its mailing list:
[Not] a single person who participated on the thread understood how a little, happy, smiling kid could be offensive *in any way*. I'm talking about people from all over the world, including North America, South America, Europe and Asia. [...] Do not take me wrong though. I'd be all for removing an offensive logo. If the logo were demeaning or tried to make fun of a collective it should be [removed]. However, quite honestly, Cherokee's logo is not the case. It is a completely respectful logo of a happy kid without any remote sign of negativeness at all.
But Fontana (along with Zachary Krebs, who started the mailing list thread and was involved in the bug report as well) is not convinced that a "happy smiling kid" is as benign as Lopez has described:
The fact that the Cherokee logo is a depiction of "a perfectly happy kid" is actually pertinent here. There is some historical tendency in US culture, if not elsewhere, to use infantilized (and, indeed, in many cases happy) depictions of subjugated minority groups. I believe that calls for special scrutiny of the acceptability of the logo. The Cherokee project developer community seems quite international in scope and I have no doubt that the choice of this logo was not intended or understood offending. Nevertheless, the Fedora standard (as I read it) does not rest on the intent of the upstream project.
Another Indian-named web server project, Hiawatha, has a somewhat similar logo (seen on the About page) that is likely even more offensive, according to Krebs and others. That project was mentioned in both threads, but it is not packaged for Fedora. But, in an effort to try to defuse the problem, Máirín Duffy offered to create new logos for both projects.
There was more back and forth, where Fontana, Krebs, and Duffy tried to help Lopez understand the problem, while they and Fedora Cherokee package maintainer Pavel Lisý were, seemingly, unable to see any problem. Lopez declared that the logo would not be changing, though they did add some text (it has apparently since disappeared) to the Cherokee web site pointing out "that we don't intend to be disrespectful *by any [means]*".
That's where things stood until the end of 2013, when Fontana noted the lack of action on the bug and asked Lisý about their plan for addressing it. There was no immediate response to the query, but it did rekindle the discussion about the logo. Current Cherokee maintainer Stefan de Konink joined in and expressed concern that the existing logo was being censored by Fedora.
But censorship is not the issue. No one is calling for laws to restrict the distribution of the logo or to have it removed from the project (though several have suggested that it would be a good idea for the project to do so). As Fontana put it in reply to De Konink:
I respect your artistic and free speech right to distribute a logo I find offensive, but you have no particular right to have the Fedora project or its sponsors distribute the logo. Fedora isn't a state or a public utility.
Once again, the conversation went back and forth over the existing points, without any minds being changed. Hiawatha author Hugo Leisink added a comment that, unsurprisingly, agreed with the Cherokee folks. Meanwhile Lisý responded, but had little interest in addressing Fontana's complaint as they disagreed with its basis.
Soon thereafter, Fontana filed another bug, this time in their capacity as a member of the Red Hat legal team (his earlier efforts were simply as a member of the Fedora community). The bug also requested the removal of specific images from the Cherokee package. It led to a rather bizarre thread where De Konink asked for personnel action against Fontana. That supposed "threat" led Fontana to request removal of the entire Cherokee package from Fedora. Things were clearly spinning out of control.
Emotions on both sides were running high, but the question remained: is the logo in violation of Fedora packaging guidelines or not? That's the kind of decision that FESCo makes, and the committee took it up at its February 12 meeting. The FESCo ticket contains many of the same arguments that had been made three years earlier (and then rehashed earlier this year), but Lisý (pali) is participating more than they did in other forums.
In the end, the FESCo vote wasn't even close, with all eight members voting to ask Lisý to remove or replace the offensive images within two weeks. If that doesn't happen, the Cherokee package will be forcibly retired from Fedora. As of this writing, the logos have yet to be changed.
It is clear that there is a disconnect between the Cherokee/Hiawatha developers (and maintainers) and some in the Fedora project (including, unanimously, FESCo). It is tempting to attribute that largely to a cultural divide (as several in the thread did)—that European and US attitudes toward the depictions of Indians differ. That may be too simplistic in this case, however. There also seem to be some heels that were dug in quite early, and no amount of discourse (or information, for example, about what some people of Cherokee descent think) was going to change those minds. Given that there is an offer on the table to design new logos (at least if the Cherokee developers stop "harassing" Fontana), it would seem prudent for the projects to at least explore that option.
There is also, undoubtedly, a feeling of "political correctness run amok" about this incident. It is not a fair assessment, but these types of conflicts tend to bring out that feeling in some. People get attached to things like logos, and "attacks" on them feel personal, particularly when the offense given is not obvious (and it isn't, at least in the Cherokee case). We may well see this play out again someday; there aren't easy answers about where the lines are, which will make it all that much more difficult.
Video-on-demand service will host shows for 30 days, up from current seven, but ends 'series stacking' option
BBC shows including Sherlock, Doctor Who and Top Gear will soon be available to watch for up to 30 days after first transmission on online video service iPlayer, giving viewers an extra three weeks to catch up with their favourite shows.
The BBC will extend the amount of time its programmes are available on its iPlayer video-on-demand service from seven to 30 days after the proposals were approved by the BBC Trust, effectively quadrupling the amount of content on offer.
iPlayer, which had a record 3 billion requests for TV and radio programmes last year, with a top 20 dominated by BBC2's Top Gear, will make the change to its catch-up window in the summer.
However, a further change will mean some programmes are actually available for less time, with an end to the "series stacking" option that enable viewers to download all episodes of a series retrospectively.
While the amount of TV programmes available on the iPlayer will increase fourfold, the total amount of radio content will increase around two and a half times.
Diane Coyle, vice chairperson of the BBC Trust, said: "With an average of 10.7 million programme requests every day, BBC iPlayer is highly valued by audiences and has been a phenomenal success since it launched six years ago.
"It is important that iPlayer continues to evolve and meet the expectations of users. We have conducted a thorough assessment of these proposals, including taking independent advice from Ofcom, and concluded that this is a sensible move that will benefit audiences and provide a clearer and more consistent catch-up service."
In a statement, the BBC said: "People keep telling us they want programmes to be available on BBC iPlayer for longer – so extending availability from seven to 30 days will make iPlayer even better.
"New iPlayer already has downloads, better recommendations, HD, live restart, favourites and collections, and extending the catch-up window to 30 days gives people even longer to enjoy their favourite BBC programmes. We will now set about making this happen with the aim to roll this out from the summer."
'Front door' to content
The overhaul is part of BBC director general Tony Hall's ambition to transform the iPlayer into a "front door" for the entirety of the BBC's content, rather than a catch-up service aimed at people who missed a particular programme.
Last month, Hall announced plans to axe the BBC3 TV channel and make the 11-year-old youth-orientated service online-only.
Media regulator Ofcom said the extension was likely to mean people spent less time watching programmes from commercial broadcasters because of the increased amount of time they spent on the iPlayer.
"There is a finite amount of TV viewing time available," said Ofcom in a report on the potential market impact of the change. But it said the impact on commercial broadcasters was "unlikely to be material".
However, Ofcom warned that the cumulative effect of changes to the BBC's online and on-demand offering, including plans for a pay-digital service, BBC Store, may be greater than the sum of its parts.
"We note that the BBC is considering wider strategic changes to BBC Online and iPlayer, including the proposal for BBC Store," it said.
"While these potential changes are not within the scope of this assessment, the trust may wish to consider whether there will be a cumulative impact on other operators resulting from the changes, when taken as a whole, which may not be captured when each change is considered on a standalone basis."
Switch from commercial content
A BBC-commissioned report by consultants Mediatique said an extra 53m hours of on-demand viewing would switch from commercial content to the iPlayer as a result of the change by 2018. Although the number sounds biglarge, it would equate to only 0.1% of total catch-up viewing.
Mediatique said the change would mean an extra 375m hours of content viewed on the iPlayer by 2018, a total of just under 10bn hours of programmes accounting for 11% of all BBC TV viewing.
It said 144m fewer hours of recorded programmes would be watched on viewers' personal video recorders as a result.
Ofcom disagreed with the BBC's claim that any decline in linear TV viewing would be from its own channels, saying it was "less reasonable" to say there would be no impact at all on commercial services, especially a broadcaster such as UKTV which relies heavily on BBC content.
It also said the BBC had failed to take into account the potential impact on subscription video-on-demand services, such as Netflix.
However, the regulator said the effect on live TV would be "relatively small".
Catch-up radio listening on the iPlayer will increase by an estimated 14m hours a year to 169m, with on-demand accounting for 1% of total BBC radio listening by 2018.
The effect on commercial radio, with the BBC already the dominant player, is expected to be minimal.
The TV catch-up extension will also lead to a further drop in BBC DVD sales, but Ofcom said the market was already in decline and the impact was likely to be small.
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email media@theguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000. If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for publication".
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile, follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook.
Our thoughts create our realities, as a result whatever we focus our thoughts on attracts more of the same. This is the case when it comes to excessive worrying, where people who worry often have a history of trauma which have led them towards seeking power and control in their lives.
There is a deception that goes on in the mind when it comes to worrying, people who struggle with chronic worrying often feel that they gain more control of the situation if they focus their minds on the worst case scenario. It's almost as if they tell themselves that if they get through the worst that could happen, the sooner the better and the more experience they would have dealing with the worst that could happen.
Well, what about the best that could happen? What if things actually went your way? What if things went your way so well that it made things not going your way bearable and perhaps irrelevant?
The problem people who struggle with Generalized Anxiety Disorder have is that they have bought into a narrative that reads how good their lives should be, but without specifics on how they can make these narratives a reality. People who worry struggle to recognize their personal power in influencing their realities starting with their power of thoughts. Negative thoughts, lead to negative feelings which lead to maladaptive behaviors, whereas positive thoughts lead to positive feelings which lead to solution focused behaviors.
One technique you can start using today to stop worrying is called the “What If” technique.
To begin the “What If” technique you take a piece of paper or a journal and you create two columns. In the column header to your left you write down “What If -” and in the column header to your right you write down “What If +”, the diagram below indicates what it would look like:
Under ” What If -” you write down a negative what if scenario that you have been worried about, and under “What if +” you write down an opposite and obviously positive scenario in response to the negative scenario you have written down. The diagram below indicates another example:
The what if scenario is a very effective technique, as it is designed to draw your mind into considering more optimistic possibilities, which leads to more positive feelings, which in turn leads to the courage to engage in solution focused behaviors. Most people don't realize that courage comes from a sense of love, as opposed to the myth of courage being drawn from hate fueled by a desire for retaliation.
In my soon-to-be published ebook on panic attacks, I discuss this technique in further detail, which includes behavioral experiments you can conduct to prove to yourself that you have the power to stop worrying and start living.
Ugo is a psychotherapist and life coach
Please share this post!
This year was the sixth edition of Coveo Blitz, our classic programming contest for students. The original purpose of the event is to find great, passionate developers and show them how fun, passionate, and driven our team is. We had the idea to step out of our comfort zone this year and focus on what we've learned in the last editions.
The brainstorm
We've wanted to do a challenge involving artificial intelligence for a long time. With a smaller team working on Blitz this year, we had to leverage existing projects to make it on time. We already knew Scalatron, Berlin AI, but our search allowed us to find a bunch of interesting projects, including Vindinium, which turned out to be most compelling one. It covered most of our requirements: it was open source, customizable, worked with most programming languages and had many available starter kits.
Changes to Vindinium
Vindinium out of the box was a great skeleton for our contest. However, it was missing some features in order to be Blitz ready. First, the way bots usually start Vindinium matches is by joining a queue. As soon as 4 bots are ready, the match starts. This was not an acceptable solution for us, as we needed to have a tournament bracket and we didn't want participants to join a match that they weren't supposed to. In order to do that, we added API calls to list, create, join, delete, and start games. We also added an administrator API key that was required to invoke these calls so meddling students wouldn't create games. This allowed us to create games, send the game id to the appropriate teams, let them join, and start the game at our leisure. We even added a Slack integration to our UI that would automatically send an invite with the game id to teams whenever a game they were expected to join was created.
Another thing we wanted to do was to prevent open source Vindinium bots from working. This ensured that lazy students wouldn't simply copy a Github project, and thus dominate all other teams. Consequently, we modified most constants such as the cost of visiting a tavern, the life provided by a tavern, and the damage done by hero's hits. We also added spikes, a new type of tile. Spikes can be passed through just like air but they deal damage to your hero.
These changes allowed us to easily manage the Vindinium server (through our custom UI) and created a fun and diverse environment for the participants. Spikes added a surprisingly nice complexity to the game and led to some interesting pathfinding strategies.
We also learned a lot while coding the challenge, this year we tackled with Scala, Akka, MongoDB, AWS, NodeJS, React, and TypeScript.
The contenders
This year we made a roll call to our amazing colleagues to see if they were interested in also participating to Blitz. Needless to say, it took about 10 minutes to build two complete teams. We made sure the Coveo teams didn't know about the challenge. They needed to be good, they represent Coveo! Luckily for us, the two Coveo teams finished first and second. Congrats to Brute Force It (Alexandre, Frédéric, Vincent, Pierre-Alexandre) and WOW BLITZ AWSOME (Mathieu, Charles, Denis, Jean-Philippe).
The winners
Since the first and second places were taken by the Coveo teams (which couldn't win the prizes), team Comeo (François Chantal, Olivier Précourt, and Samuel Thériault-Hall) got first prize and each member won a GoPro. Team int elligence; (Guillaume Chevalier, Nicolas Tremblay, Raphaël Gaudreault, and Jean-Benoît Harvey) members each got a Best Buy gift card for its second position. Kudos to those two teams!
Wrap up
We finished the day by having each team explaining the algorithms used to solve the challenge, grabbed a cold beer and a slice of pizza, and discussed with students. We've listed some solutions on the Coveo Blitz 2016 GitHub account. Send us your solution if yours isn't listed! Also, be sure to check out the Vindinium subreddit for great AI solutions.
We hope you've enjoyed your day as much as we did and hope to see you next year for another awesome challenge. Be sure to take a look at the video, the photo album by Nick Pelletier, and read more about past challenges.
Tito's Vodka is a vodka brand made by Fifth Generation, founded by Tito Beveridge in 1997 in Austin, Texas — specializing in vodka made from yellow corn,[1] rather than potatoes or wheat.[2][3]
Marketing its brand as Tito's Handmade Vodka, the company originally craft-distilled its products in pot stills at Texas' first legal distillery.[4][1][2] By 2001, the brand was no longer a micro-distillery, having surpassed the industry standard of 40,000 cases for a craft distillery as defined by the Distilled Spirits Council of the United States (DISCUS).
Now made in a facility with ten floor-to-ceiling stills and equipment bottling 500 cases an hour,[5] the brand recorded a sales volume of approximately 3.8 million 9 liter cases in the United States as of 2016[6] and a market share of 7.1% of the United States Vodka market as of 2017.[7]
Founder [ edit ]
Bert Butler "Tito" Beveridge II is a native of San Antonio, Texas. They received the diminutive nickname "Bertito", shortened to "Tito", from their Latino caregivers in childhood. Beveridge attended the University of Texas where they became a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
History [ edit ]
Beveridge first produced their spirits as a hobby after making infusions of inexpensive vodka as gifts[8] and using a pot still.[2] Commercial production began in 1997 when Beveridge formed Fifth Generation, Inc., and established the Mockingbird Distillery, producing 1,000 cases that year. In 2007, the brand sold over 160,000 cases.[citation needed] Production remains at the heavily expanded southeast Austin distillery.
Sales and distribution of Tito's Handmade Vodka expanded in 2001 after Tito's Handmade Vodka won the Double Gold Medal for vodka at the San Francisco World Spirits Competition.[9] Also that year, it received a four-star ranking from Spirit Journal[8] and won four stars again in the 2007 edition. Beginning in 2013, United Airlines began serving only Tito's for its inflight vodka beverages.[10]
Tito's is distributed throughout the United States and Canada.[11]
"Handmade" controversy [ edit ]
In 2014, two false advertising lawsuits were filed against Tito's in California and Florida. The California lawsuit alleged that Tito's vodka cannot be described "handmade" because it is made from "commercially manufactured 'rectified spirits (neutral grain spirit)' that is trucked and pumped into Tito's industrial facility"; it is distilled in a large industrial complex with modern, technologically advanced stills; and is produced and bottled in extremely large quantities (i.e., it is ‘mass produced). Since the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, which regulates labeling of liquor in the US, does not actually define "handmade," both lawsuits rely on the dictionary definition of the word.[12][13] The main lawsuits, Hofmann v. Fifth Generation, Inc. and Cabrera v. Fifth Generation, Inc., were dismissed in May 2016.[14]
References [ edit ]
The Rate Of TV Cord Cutting Is Actually Worse Than You Think
from the the-miracle-of-competition dept
It's funny what a little added competition can do. It's no surprise that with the rise of streaming alternatives from AT&T (DirecTV Now), Dish (Sling TV), Google (YouTube TV) and Sony (Playstation Vue) -- last quarter saw one of the biggest cord cutting spikes on record. MoffettNathanson analyst Craig Moffett has noted that 2016's 1.7% decline in traditional cable TV viewers was the biggest cord cutting acceleration on record. SNL Kagan agrees, noting that traditional pay TV providers lost around 1.9 million traditional cable subscribers. That was notably worse than the 1.1 million net subscriber loss seen last year.
The shift has finally forced a number of denial prone industry executives to admit things are changing, even if few want to adapt their products and services (read: lower prices) in order to weather the storm.
But while the simple metric of subscriber totals tells quite a tale, the story gets worse for traditional cable if you look a little deeper at the numbers. For example, Moffett has been one of the only analysts to emphasize how people who are moving or buying new homes aren't signing up for cable at their new location. Millennials moving out of their parents' houses aren't either. So while the pay TV sector lost around 762,000 customers during the first three months of the year, that total is actually higher if you include movers and home buyers:
"By Moffett's estimates, if you include the people who should have signed up for pay TV when they moved into new homes, “nearly a million homes either cut the cord or chose not to take one in the first place in Q1.” The diagnosis: “Identifying the root cause of the acceleration in cord-cutting isn't hard. It's not demand (the demand has always been there). It is supply. Would-be cord-cutters and cord-nevers are finally being given options,” like Netflix, HBO Now and, to a lesser degree, those skinny bundles.
Many of these folks have been labeled "cord nevers," since they've never really subscribed to traditional cable -- and have no intention to. You may recall that originally, these folks were mocked as irrelevant by the cable industry (including by Moffett, who used to be a cord cutting skeptic). And many cable and broadcast executives quite incorrectly believed that once these younger viewers got married and settled down, they'd see the error of their ways and return to traditional cable. That's simply not happening.
And things really are only just starting to heat up. Amazon, Apple, and countless others are soon expected to throw their hats into the live TV streaming ring as well, ramping up what's been already quite heated competition among streaming video alternatives. And while the push to kill net neutrality (which in turn lets companies like Comcast use usage caps to punish users that leave the Comcast pasture) could pour some amount of cold water on this evolution, this trend isn't likely to be slowed down by much of anything.
And as we've long noted, it's really not too late for the cable industry to adapt. They simply need to lower prices and offer more flexible viewing options. But while the industry has paid lots of empty lip service to this concept, most cable companies continue to blindly pass on endless broadcaster rate hikes, resulting in obnoxious retransmission disputes and blacked out content -- only accelerating the rate of defections by disgusted subscribers.
Filed Under: cord cutting, tv
In 1996 Capcom took a chance on a mash up. Combining Street Fighter and puzzle gameplay, they stumbled across something of a classic. Super Puzzle Fighter II: Turbo, was highly regarded – with quality ratings from outlets like IGN and Game Informer, to a clamoring in the community for a true sequel to the cult classic.
Well, clamor no more. Capcom announced a sequel, and even better, it's coming in late 2017.
“Puzzle Fighter features an outstanding roster of legendary characters and stages from popular Capcom franchises. Fan-favorites such as Ryu, Ken or Chun-Li (Street Fighter), X (Mega Man), Morrigan (Darkstalkers), Frank West (Dead Rising) and more come to life with VO and cinematic special moves. Players pick one main character each with their own strengths and benefits, to face-off in explosive gem-crushing action.” Said the press release.
The game is soft-launching on mobile devices in the very near future, with a full release before the end of the year.
A cool aspect appears to be this is a cross-over game. Characters from Mega Man, Frank West from Dead Rising, and more will be appearing in the upcoming, likely free-to-play game, which will be hands-on playable at PAX in Seattle.
Stay tuned for future updates.
Living
More women than men attending med school for the first time ever
The future (of medicine) is female.
Female matriculants, or enrollees, make up 50.7 percent of the 21,338 students entering medical school this year — up from 49.8 percent in 2017.
Additionally, female enrollees increased by 3.2 percent in 2017 while male enrollees declined by 0.3 percent. In fact, female enrollment has increased 4 percent since 2015 while it's declined 6.7 percent for males.
“We are very encouraged by the growing number of women enrolling in US medical schools,” Darrell G. Kirch, MD, CEO and president of the Association of American Medical Colleges, said in a statement. “This year's matriculating class demonstrates that medicine is an increasingly attractive career for women and that medical schools are creating an inclusive environment.”
Kirch added that there's still a lot of work to do in order to establish a diverse range of students, faculty and leadership, but this is a “notable milestone.”
The number of new students accepted to US medical schools rose 1.5 percent to 89,904 students in 2017. However, the number of applicants declined 2.6 percent in 2016 — female applicants fell 0.7 percent, while male applicants fell 4.4 percent.
Medical school applications are in decline worldwide as many students are opting to pursue more lucrative careers in STEM-related fields. In March, research from AMMC predicted the US will face a crippling shortage of doctors by 2030.
On March 9, 2017, the North Carolina Attorney General (AG) issued a press release announcing that a North Carolina Superior Court had issued a ruling against three debt relief companies. The court permanently banning the companies from advertising or performing any debt relief services, legal services or any related services in North Carolina and entered final judgments and assessed civil penalties.
On June 25, 2014, the North Carolina AG and the North Carolina State Bar filed a complaint against Orion Processing, Swift Rock Financial, and World Law South. The companies all did business under the name “World Law.” According to the complaint, since 2010 World Law had collected more than $8.5 million from over 1,400 consumers in connection with an illegal debt relief scheme.
The complaint alleged that World Law used deceptive and misleading representations to target consumers who have large amounts of credit card debt and offered to negotiate on their behalf to reduce their debts through settlement. World Law claimed that their program would help consumers pay off their credit card debts, save large amounts of money and leave them debt-free without bankruptcy. In reality, World Law rarely achieved such results for consumers who entered their program. According to the complaint, World law was operating a “classic advance fee scam designed to extract exorbitant upfront fees from vulnerable consumers.”
In addition, World Law advertised that it was a law firm and that local attorneys would represent consumers if they were sued by their creditors. The complaint alleged that World Law was not a law firm, did not have attorneys, nor did it assist consumers in finding representation.
As a result of the litigation and settlement, the AG secured a total of $6.6 million in consumer relief, and $30 million in civil penalties. Under an earlier court order in the case, consumers received refunds of more than $3.5 million.
Hippocampal neurogenesis plays a very important role in learning and memory functions. In a search for best neurological drugs that protect neuronal cells and stimulate neurogenesis with no side effects, cannabinoids proved to be a strong group of substances having many beneficial properties. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of ACEA (arachidonyl-2′-chloroethylamide—a highly selective cannabinoid CB1 receptor agonist) combined with a classical antiepileptic drug sodium valproate (VPA) on neural precursor cells׳ proliferation and differentiation in the mouse brain. All experiments were performed on adolescent CB57/BL male mice injected i.p. with VPA (10 mg/kg), ACEA (10 mg/kg) and PMSF (30 mg/kg) (phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride—a substance protecting ACEA against degradation by the fatty-acid amidohydrolase) for 10 days. Next an acute response of proliferating neural precursor cells to ACEA and VPA administration was evaluated with Ki-67 staining (Time point 1). Next, in order to determine whether acute changes translated into long-term alterations in neurogenesis, proliferating cells were labeled with 5-bromo-2deoxyuridine (BrdU) followed by confocal microscopy used to determine the percentage of BrdU-labeled cells that showed mature cell phenotypes (Time point 2). Results indicate that ACEA with PMSF significantly increase the total number of Ki-67-positive cells when compared to the control group. Moreover, ACEA in combination with VPA increased the number of Ki-67-positive cells, whereas VPA administered alone had no impact on proliferating cells׳ population. Accordingly, neurogenesis study results indicate that the combination of ACEA+PMSF administered alone and in combination with VPA considerably increases the total number of BrdU-positive cells in comparison to the control group while ACEA+PMSF alone and in combination with VPA increased total numbers of BrdU-positive cells, newly born neurons and astrocytes as compared to VPA group but not to the control group. VPA administered alone decreased the number of newly born neurons with no significant impact on neurogenesis. These data provide substantial evidence that VPA administered chronically slightly decreases the proliferation and differentiation of newly born cells while combination of VPA+ACEA significantly increases the level of newborn neurons in the dentate subgranular zone.
With bike lanes, roadway widths, and signaling a bit more defined this time around, the Morrissey Boulevard redesign is at about 25 percent, Department of Conservation and Recreation officials told community members at a reasonably well attended meeting on the critical artery Tuesday night.
Mark MacLean, a DCR project engineer, said the roadway deals with about 50,000 cars a day. The multi-lane route stretches from just below the notorious Kosciuszko Circle, which is not included in the plan, down to Neponset Circle in three segments.
“What we're trying to do throughout the project is maintained capacity where it's needed, at the intersections... which are typically the most constrained and challenging locations,” said Gary McNaughton, a traffic engineer with McMahon Associates. “And then in the areas where we can repurpose some of that pavement over to provide better accommodations for bikes and [pedestrians] and better landscaping features, we're making sure we're able to do that.”
The last public meeting was held last September, when initial design concepts were presented. According to the timeline laid out at Tuesday's meeting, DCR expects to have a session at 75 percent design in October. Eyeing January 2018 for completed design, the department anticipates a pre-construction final meeting in the fall of 2018.
Since the September meeting, designers have updated bicycle and pedestrian connections, including two-way cycle tracks between Mt. Vernon Street and Bianculli Boulevard at the entrance to UMass Boston. The beach access area for boat launches near the Savin Hill Yacht Club has been moved 300 feet north with the addition of a 18- to 24-inch high retaining wall and a slope of riprap, or protective stone.
A traffic signal at Victory Road would allow U-turns in both directions and left turns in the southbound direction. Traffic changes at Neponset Circle would allow two-way circulation under I-93. In another distinct difference, Beades Bridge would be reduced to two lanes in each direction, with wider ADA-compliant sidewalks.
One element consumed conversation – a controversial plan to drop a full traffic lane is still included in the design. This prompted some back and forth between residents insistent that traffic will be unbearable and engineers, who say a better-organized route will minimally leave traffic unchanged and likely improve the overall flow of vehicles.
“What you are proposing is ludicrous,” an attendee said during a question and answer segment. They asserted that the existing gridlock was already such a mess that removing a lane would only make it worse, a sentiment later echoed by other residents.
However, McNaughton said in reply, they are improving the lane and signal efficiency to simplify driving patterns, leaving a “much cleaner, more organized intersection.”
Another traffic alteration just past the Red Line overpass prompted concern, as a southbound-to-northbound U-turn near a Dunkin' Donuts would be eliminated. Drivers would have to continue along through Neponset to turn around, which some said was worrying because of limited sightlines.
Bicyclists who spoke at the meeting were pleased. Bike paths travel along the entire length of the boulevard, mostly as two-way lanes. Near the Red Line underpass, however, the lane narrows and a one-way bike route hugs the turn, buffered by a guardrail.
Many questions revolved around making specific connections to the neighborhoods.
Although the northernmost stretch of Morrissey Boulevard goes past several prominent parcels – including the Boston Globe site and the recently sold Herb Chambers property at 75 Morrissey Blvd. – the roadway does not interact with them, DCR officials said. The one exception is refining the lane configurations starting around the Globe access point across from Boston College High School. An existing service road would become one lane, leading to a signal across multiple lanes, to better phase traffic as it moves toward Bianculli Boulevard.
The stretch of road is often flooded is the DCR-designated middle segment – from Patten's Cove Bridge to Freeport Street – making it the most vulnerable and, therefore, of the highest priority. Completion of each of the three segments is contingent on funding.
A $3.2 million one-year design process is fully funded for the roadway, a decades-long hope for those living on the often-flooded or unreliable path. DCR planners said they anticipated about 24 months to construct each section, closing off a few lanes at a time. If completed in three parts on that schedule, the project would take six years.
The full presentation, including roadway elevations for each segment of the stretch and renderings of common areas, is available on the DCR website. Public comments for the 25 percent design phase will be accepted through July 18.
Annual ranking of corporations
The Fortune Global 500, also known as Global 500, is an annual ranking of the top 500 corporations worldwide as measured by revenue and the list is compiled and published annually by Fortune magazine.
Methodology [ edit ]
Until 1989, it listed only non-United States industrial corporations under the title "International 500" while the Fortune 500 contained and still contains exclusively United States corporations. In 1990, United States companies were added to compile a truly global list of top industrial corporations as ranked by sales. Since 1995, the list has had its current form, listing also top financial corporations and service providers by revenue.
Controversy [ edit ]
Several inconsistencies exist in Fortune's ranking of cities with the most Fortune 500 headquarters. On June 3, 2011, the Atlanta Business Chronicle stated examples of Fortune including regional headquarters for some cities, excluding regional headquarters for other cities and in some cases excluding headquarters that are physically located inside a city limit.[1]
Geographical distribution [ edit ]
Since 2001, there has been a significant change in the geographical distribution of the companies in the Global 500 rankings. The number of North American-based companies decreased from 215 in 2001 to 143 in 2017[citation needed] and the contribution of Asian-based companies increased rapidly from 116 in 2001 to 197 in 2017[citation needed]. Most of this growth is accounted for by the rapid increase in the number of Chinese Global 500 companies, of which there were 109 by 2017, increasing from only 10 in 2001. The share of European-based companies also reduced, from 158 to 143, over the same period.[2][3][4]
Fortune Global 500 list of 2018 [ edit ]
The following is the list of top 10 companies.[5]
Breakdown by country [ edit ]
As of July 2018 , this is the list of the top 10 countries with the most Global 500 companies.[5]
† The Global 500 includes Unilever under the heading "Britain/Netherlands", as the company is counted in the tally for both countries.
As shown in the table above, 436 (87.2%) of the Global 500 are represented by only 10 countries: two in North America (Canada and United States), five in Western Europe (France, Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom) and three in East Asia (China, Japan and South Korea). Moreover, the top six (United States, China, Japan, Germany, France and United Kingdom) are the world's largest economies as estimated by the IMF (List of countries by GDP (nominal)). Among the Global 500, 379 companies (75.8%) are from these six countries.
Fortune Global 500 list of year 2017 [ edit ]
The following is the list of top 10 companies.[6][7]
† Fortune had previously listed Shell as a British/Dutch company, but as of the 2016 listing it is listed as Dutch.
Breakdown by country [ edit ]
As of November 2017 , this is the list of the top 10 countries with the most Global 500 companies.[8]
† The Global 500 includes Unilever under the heading "Britain/Netherlands", as the company is counted in the tally for both countries.
As can be seen from the table above, 425 (85.0%) of the Global 500 are represented by only 10 countries: two in North America (Canada and United States), five in Western Europe (France, Germany, Netherlands, Switzerland and United Kingdom) and three in East Asia (China, Japan and South Korea). Moreover, the top six (United States, China, Japan, France, Germany and United Kingdom) are some of the world's largest economies as estimated by the IMF (List of countries by GDP (nominal)). Among the Fortune Global 500, 371 companies (74.2%) are from these six countries.
By industry sector [ edit ]
The top-ranked companies in each industry sector are as follows.
See also [ edit ]
Radiation damage has always limited resolution in biological imaging using electrons or X-rays2. With the recent invention of the femtosecond X-ray laser, an opportunity has arisen to break the nexus between radiation dose and spatial resolution. It has been proposed that femtosecond X-ray pulses can be used to outrun even the fastest damage processes by using single pulses so brief that they terminate before the manifestation of damage to the sample6. Experiments at the FLASH free-electron laser (FEL), Germany, confirmed the feasibility of ‘diffraction before destruction' at resolution lengths down to 60 Å on test samples fixed on silicon nitride membranes7. It was predicted that the irradiance (or power density) of focused pulses from a hard-X-ray FEL such as the Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), USA, would be sufficient to produce diffraction patterns at near-atomic resolution6.
We demonstrate here that this notion of diffraction before destruction operates at subnanometre resolution, using the membrane protein photosystem I as a model system, and establish an approach to structure determination based on X-ray diffraction data from a stream of nanocrystals6,8. Membrane proteins have a central role in the functioning of cells and viruses, yet our knowledge of the structure and dynamics responsible for their functioning remains limited. Photosystem I is a large membrane protein complex (1-MDa molecular mass, 36 proteins, 381 cofactors) that acts as a biosolar energy converter in the process of oxygenic photosynthesis. Its crystals display the symmetry of space group P6 3 , with unit-cell parameters a = b = 281 Å and c = 165 Å, and consist of 78% solvent by volume. We show that diffraction data can be recorded from these fragile protein nanocrystals before destruction occurs. Furthermore, we demonstrate that structure factors can be extracted from the ‘partial' reflections of tens of thousands of single-crystal diffraction snapshots, showing that interpretable high-quality, three-dimensional (3D) structure factor data can be obtained from a suspension of submicrometre crystals.
Our experimental set-up (Fig. 1 and Methods) records single-crystal diffraction data from a stream of crystals carried in a 4-μm-diameter, continuous liquid water jet9 that flows across the focused LCLS X-ray beam in vacuum at 10 μl min−1. In contrast to cryo-electron microscopy10,11 or standard crystallography on microcrystals3, which require cryogenic cooling, these data were collected on fully hydrated, 3D nanocrystals. The crystal located in the interaction region when an X-ray pulse arrives gives rise to a diffraction pattern that is detected on a set of two low-noise, X-ray p–n junction charge-coupled device (pnCCD) modules12 and read out before the arrival of the next pulse at the FEL repetition rate of 30 Hz, or 1,800 patterns per minute. The photon energy of the X-ray pulses was 1.8 keV (6.9-Å wavelength), with more than 1012 photons per pulse at the sample and pulse durations of 10, 70, and 200 fs (ref. 13). An X-ray fluence of 900 J cm−2 was achieved by focusing the FEL beam to a full-width at half-maximum of 7 μm, corresponding to a sample dose of up to 700 MGy per pulse (calculated using the program RADDOSE14) and a peak power density in excess of 1016 W cm−2 at 70-fs duration. In contrast, the typical tolerable dose in conventional X-ray experiments is only about 30 MGy (ref. 1). A single LCLS X-ray pulse destroys any solid material placed in this focus, but the stream replenishes the vaporized sample before the next pulse.
Figure 1: Femtosecond nanocrystallography. Nanocrystals flow in their buffer solution in a gas-focused, 4-μm-diameter jet at a velocity of 10 m s−1 perpendicular to the pulsed X-ray FEL beam that is focused on the jet. Inset, environmental scanning electron micrograph of the nozzle, flowing jet and focusing gas30. Two pairs of high-frame-rate pnCCD detectors12 record low- and high-angle diffraction from single X-ray FEL pulses, at the FEL repetition rate of 30 Hz. Crystals arrive at random times and orientations in the beam, and the probability of hitting one is proportional to the crystal concentration. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
The front detector module, located close to the interaction region, recorded high-angle diffraction to a resolution of 8.5 Å, whereas the rear module intersected diffraction at resolutions in the range of 4,000 to 100 Å. We observed diffraction from crystals smaller than ten unit cells on a side, as determined by examining the data recorded on the rear pnCCDs (Fig. 2). A crystal with a side length of N unit cells gives rise to diffraction features that are finer by a factor of 1/N than the Bragg spacing (that is, with N − 2 fringes between neighbouring Bragg peaks), providing a simple way to determine the projected size of the nanocrystal. Images of crystal shapes obtained using an iterative phase retrieval method15,16 are shown in Fig. 2. The 3D Fourier transform of the crystal shape is repeated on every reciprocal lattice point. However, the diffraction condition for lattice points is usually not exactly satisfied, so each recorded Bragg spot represents a particular ‘slice' of the Ewald sphere through the shape transform, giving a variety of Bragg spot profiles in a pattern; these are apparent in Fig. 2. The sum of counts in each Bragg spot underestimates the underlying structure factor square modulus, representing a partial reflection.
Figure 2: Coherent crystal diffraction. Low-angle diffraction patterns recorded on the rear pnCCDs, revealing coherent diffraction from the structure of the photosystem I nanocrystals, shown using a logarithmic, false-colour scale. The Miller indices of the peaks in a were identified from the corresponding high-angle pattern. In c we count seven fringes in the b* direction, corresponding to nine unit cells, or 250 nm. Insets, real-space images of the nanocrystal, determined by phase retrieval (using the Shrinkwrap algorithm15) of the circled coherent Bragg shape transform. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Figure 3a shows strong single-crystal diffraction to the highest angles of the front detector. The nanocrystal shape transform is also apparent in many patterns at the high angles detected by the front detector, giving significant measured intensities between Bragg peaks as it is noticeable in Supplementary Fig. 3a. These mid-Bragg intensities oversample the molecular transform, providing a potential route to phasing of the pattern17,18.
Figure 3: Diffraction intensities and electron density of photosystem I. a, Diffraction pattern recorded on the front pnCCDs with a single 70-fs pulse after background subtraction and correction of saturated pixels. Some peaks are labelled with their Miller indices. The resolution in the lower detector corner is 8.5 Å. b, Precession-style pattern of the [001] zone for photosystem I, obtained from merging femtosecond nanocrystal data from over 15,000 nanocrystal patterns, displayed on the linear colour scale shown on the right. c, d, Region of the 2mF o − DF c electron density map at 1.0σ (purple mesh), calculated from the 70-fs data (c) and from conventional synchrotron data truncated at a resolution of 8.5 Å and collected at a temperature of 100 K (d) (Methods). The refined model is depicted in yellow. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
In conventional crystallography, the ‘full' Bragg reflection is determined to high precision, for example by integrating counts as the crystal is rotated such that these reflections pass through the diffraction condition. By indexing individual patterns and then summing counts in all partial reflections for each index, we performed a Monte Carlo integration over the reciprocal-space volume of the Bragg reflection and the distribution of crystal shapes and orientations and variations in the X-ray pulse fluence. The result of this procedure converges to the square of the structure factor moduli18. We found that over 13% of diffraction patterns with ten or more spots could be consistently indexed using the programs MOSFLM19 and DirAx20 (Methods). Merged intensities at 70-fs pulse duration are presented as a precession-style image of the [001]-zone axis in Fig. 3b (see also Supplementary Figs 3 and 4). We tested the reliability of this approach by comparing the LCLS merged data with data collected at 100 K with 12.4-keV synchrotron radiation from a single crystal of photosystem I cryopreserved in 2 M sucrose. These data sets show good agreement, with a difference metric, R iso , of 22.1% computed over the entire resolution range and of less than 13% in the middle resolution shells; see Supplementary Table 1 for detailed statistics.
To complete our proof of principle, we conducted a rigid-body refinement of the published photosystem I structure (Protein Data Bank ID, 1JB0) against the nanocrystal structure factors, yielding R/R free = 0.25/0.23. A representative region of the 2mF o − DF c electron density map at 8.5 Å (Methods) from the LCLS data set is shown in Fig. 3c. This map shows the details expected at this resolution, including transmembrane helices, membrane extrinsic features and some loop structures. For comparison, the electron density refined from the 12.4-keV, single-crystal data set truncated to a resolution of 8.5 Å is given in Fig. 3d.
The dose of 700 MGy corresponds to a K-shell photoabsorption of 3% of all carbon atoms in the protein. This energy is subsequently released by photoionization and Auger decay, followed by a cascade of lower-energy electrons caused by secondary ionizations, taking place on the 10–100-fs timescale21. Using a model of the plasma dynamics22,23, we calculated that by the end of a 100-fs pulse each atom of the crystal was ionized once, on average, and that motion of nuclei had begun. This is expected to give rise to a decrease in Bragg amplitudes, similar to an increase in a Debye–Waller temperature factor24. We studied the effects of the initial ionization damage on the diffraction of photosystem I nanocrystals by collecting a series of data sets at pulse durations of 10, 70 and 200 fs. The 10-fs pulses were produced with lower pulse energy: ∼10% of the total number of photons of the longer pulses13, or a 70-MGy dose. Plots of the scattering strength of the crystals versus resolution, generated by selecting and summing Bragg spots from more than 66,000 patterns for each of the three pulse durations measured, are shown in Fig. 4. The 10- and 70-fs traces are very similar, indicating that these pulses are short enough to overcome radiation damage at the observed resolution, 8.5 Å. For 200-fs pulses, there is a decrease in scattering strength at resolutions beyond 25 Å, indicating disordering on this longer timescale. The highest-resolution Bragg peaks for the 200-fs pulses were not broadened or shifted relative to the short-duration data sets, which indicates there was no strain or expansion of the lattice, respectively.
Figure 4: Pulse-duration dependence of diffraction intensities. Plot of the integrated Bragg intensities of photosystem I nanocrystal diffraction as a function of photon momentum transfer, q = (4π/λ)sin(θ) = 2π/d (wavelength, λ; scattering angle, 2θ; resolution, d) for pulse durations of 10, 70 and 200 fs. Averages were obtained by isolating Bragg spots from 97,883, 805,311 and 66,063 patterns, respectively, normalized to pulse fluence. The error in each plot is indicated by the thickness of the line. The decrease in irradiance for 200-fs pulses and d < 25 Å indicates radiation damage for these long pulses, which is not apparent for 70-fs pulses and shorter. Full size image Download PowerPoint slide
Our next step is to improve resolution by using shorter-wavelength X-rays. Resolution may ultimately be limited by X-ray pulse fluence, the ultrafast radiation damage and the intrinsic disorder within the nanocrystals themselves. Recent experiments21 at LCLS indicate a brief saturation of the X-ray photoabsorption of atoms in a tightly focused pulse, resulting in a decrease in photoionization damage on a 20-fs timescale without a reduction in the scattering cross-sections that give rise to the diffraction pattern22. Planned beamlines at LCLS aim to achieve up to a 105-fold increase in pulse irradiance by tighter focusing, allowing data collection with low-fluence, 10-fs pulses or pulses of even shorter duration25. This provides a route to further reducing radiation damage and may allow measurements on even smaller nanocrystals, down to a single unit cell6 (that is, a single molecule). As this limit is approached, the ordering of the nanocrystals will become increasingly irrelevant, as each crystal may be treated as a single object and the ‘disorder' that conventionally leads to reduced resolution will simply manifest itself as shot-to-shot variability, providing information about not just the average structure but also the range of dynamically accessible conformations.
Data are collected on fully hydrated nanocrystals without cryogenic cooling. We expect that the results presented here will open new avenues for crystallography using X-ray laser pulses that are so short that only negligible X-ray-induced radiation damage occurs during data collection. Significant improvements in sample utilization are expected by exploiting higher X-ray repetition rates or by slowing the liquid flow. For example, the generation, using inkjet technologies, of liquid droplets at a rate that matches the LCLS X-ray pulses would dramatically decrease the total required sample volume by a factor of 25,000, meaning that less than 0.4 μl of nanocrystal suspension would be needed in our particular case, of photosystem I. Further efficiency gains would result from indexing and merging a greater proportion of patterns into the 3D data set, which may be achieved by applying methods for merging continuous diffraction patterns of single molecules26,27 or by using ‘post-refinement'28 to obtain accurate structure factor estimates from fewer diffraction patterns. These methods will also remove the twinning ambiguity that exists in our current indexing scheme. Our method also has potential application to the study of chemical reactions, such as the processes in photosynthesis or enzymatic reactions.
Disney adds four extra weeks to sci-fi spin-off's production schedule after executives judge early cut as feeling too much ‘like a war movie'
Disney is set to begin “expensive” reshoots this summer for the reportedly troubled new Star Wars chapter, Rogue One.
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story – five things learned from the first trailer Read more
The shooting of the latest film, which is set just before the 1977 film Star Wars: A New Hope, has been the subject of speculation after a report in the New York Post claimed it was in crisis and four weeks of additional production was needed.
The Hollywood Reporter has supported this claim by reporting an anonymous source who says that the reshoots are to “lighten then mood, bring some levity into the story and restore a sense of fun to the adventure”.
It was reportedly screened for Disney executives who felt the film's tone – apparently reminiscent of a war movie – jarred with the “classic” Star Wars feel.
Director Gareth Edwards, known for Monsters and Godzilla, will now head back into shooting this summer in order to meet the film's December release date.
The film, one of a number of spin-offs to be set within the Star Wars universe, will focus on a plot to steal the plans for the Death Star. It stars Felicity Jones, Forest Whitaker and Diego Luna.
Last year's Star Wars: The Force Awakens has made more than $2bn (£1.4bn) worldwide, and analysts are tipping Rogue One to be one of 2016's biggest box office hits. Production is already underway on Star Wars: Episode VIII, the next chapter of the central franchise, and a Han Solo origins film will be the next spin-off.
Man allegedly threatened to behead partner's 5yo girl with sword during Canberra siege
Updated
A man threatened to behead their partner's daughter with a sword, before being tasered and pepper sprayed by police during a siege in Canberra overnight, a court has heard.
According to documents tendered to the ACT Magistrates Court on Saturday morning, officers were called to the couple's house in the Tuggeranong suburb of Wanniassa at 1:30am.
During the incident the man allegedly approached their partner with a sword and told them they were going to start "chopping c***s".
They specifically threatened to behead both their five-year-old daughter and mother.
The woman said the 28-year-old swung their weapon and took chunks out of the kitchen bench.
Police said the man confronted them when they arrived but they returned inside, locked the front door, and ignored their commands to open up.
Officers heard a woman and young children screaming and used a special tool to break down the door.
They smelled the strong odour of petrol and found the woman, their daughter and the alleged offender's two daughters, aged three and seven, in a "terrified state".
Five minutes after first arriving at the house, the police found the man hiding under a bed.
Officers tasered them after they allegedly violently resisted arrest and pepper sprayed them when they struggled to lock them into the police van.
'It's all lies,' accused says
The woman later told police the man began yelling when friends left their house.
During the incident the man allegedly pinned their partner against the wall and they only escaped by headbutting him.
The woman returned to the bedroom where the children began coughing because of the strong smell of petrol.
"I'm going to start killing c***s," the man allegedly said while holding a bowl of petrol.
They texted a man, who identified themselves as their fiancé, to call the police.
The alleged offender sobbed in court as they were refused bail.
As guards led them out they called: "But it's all lies."
A prosecutor told the court the couple had been together for a month and moved in together a fortnight ago.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, wanniassa-2903, canberra-2600, act, australia
First posted
About This Game WARNING: Originally completed in the year 2001 this game was never released. It contains extensive swearing, rude language, sex, crime, splatter Horror - everything what was not acceptable for a Video game 15 years ago. If you play this game, please do not take anything too serious.
The Troma Project is the exciting turn based strategy game which puts you in the world of Troma and Toxic Mayhem! Featuring The Toxic Avenger, Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D. and Super Tromette Tiffany Shepis, Toxic Mayhem is the fun and addictive game which allows players to mindlessly kill anything and everything that moves! And, at the beginning of every mission, Lloyd Kaufman will give you advice on how to get through it! Toxic Mayhem is the greatest video game since Toxic Crusaders for the Sega Genesis and Nintendo! Features: Turn-based Strategy featuring The Toxic Avenger and Sgt. Kabukiman NYPD! Seven chapters full of Fun & Gore! Be prepared for a long journey across the globe: Travel to Tromaville, Arabia, Motumbuland and other strange places! Meet Nelson MacMengele and dozens of other fucked up enemies! Amazing interactivity: go after hundreds of Tromatic weapons, drugs and other useful items. Mix your own drinks! Use your inventory to mess around with your equipment, make target-shots and blow up cars! Check out the Tromatic movie cutscenes in full-screen blood & gore while you follow the thrilling storyline to its dramatic conclusion! More than 25 tracks of music, featuring Nevermore, The Loose Nuts, songs from famous TopWare games and Troma movies, and many more! -
What is Linux? History Linux is built around the Linux kernel originally released by Linus Torvalds in 1991. It was developed further by volunteers and started to be used with software from the GNU project, a suite of programs that form a complete operating system. Linux continues to be maintained by communities of volunteers. It is an open source project, meaning it's source code is publicly available and can be downloaded for free. GNU/Linux software is modelled on the Unix operating system, developed in the early 1970s by Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson at Bell Labs. Where is Linux used? Linux was originally a free operating system for PCs, but it quickly became popular on web servers, and in the 1990s became one of the most popular operating systems used by web hosting companies. It is often used with the Apache web server, MySQL database software and the PHP programming language. This combination is known as a LAMP stack. Many mainframe manufacturers have also adopted Linux as their operating system of choice. As processing power got cheaper, the processors used in devices like set-top boxes and mobile phones got more powerful. Eventually they became powerful enough to run a full featured operating system like Linux. Linux was widely adopted by many electronics manufacturers because it is free, and its source code is easily available. Linux now runs on everything from mainframes to smartwatches. Linux Distributions There are many different versions, or distributions, of Linux. Some distributions are managed and maintained by communities of volunteers, and some distributions are maintained by commercial companies. Linux is free, but there are still some restrictions on what can be done with it. Linux is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL), a long and complex document which essentially says you're not allowed to pass off GNU code as your own work, and if you modify GNU code, you need to publish your modifications. Not all software that runs on Linux is free. Many companies sell commercial software that runs on Linux, and this software is usually subject to much stricter license restrictions than the GPL. This software usually cannot be copied or freely distributed. This is equally true in embedded devices where electronics manufacturers have developed proprietary software that runs on Linux. Raspbian Debian was released in 1993. It's maintained by volunteers, and has a reputation for being very stable. The Raspberry Pi Foundation use Debian as a base for their Linux distribution, Raspbian. Raspbian is built on an ARM port of Debian and includes the LXDE desktop, along with educational tools like Scratch and IDLE. The raspi-config program was added to make it easier to manage system settings. Raspbian includes libraries for controlling the Raspberry Pi's General Purpose Input/Output pins. You can download Raspbian here: http://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads.
Comments
Files and directories in Linux The root of the Linux file system is the '/' directory. All other drives, directories and files are contained in this directory. The Linux directory structure follows conventions laid down by the Unix directory structure, where different types of files put in specific directories: /bin - binaries/exectuables
/boot - boot parameters and kernel
/dev - devices
/etc - configuration files
/home - users' home directories
/lib - libraries and system modules
/media - removable drives are mounted here
/mnt - permanently attached devices are mounted here
/proc - virtual directory tree containing information about the operating system
/root - root user's home directorydirectory
/tmp - temporary files
/usr - level programs, libraries
/var - dynamic data like logs, web site content, print jobs Every user has their own home directory. The default user on a Raspberry Pi is named pi, so the home directory for this user is /home/pi. When packages are installed, their configuration files are place in /etc. If you have installed Apache and Samba, you will find their configuration files in /etc/apache2 and /etc/samba. The /proc directory contains virtual files that represent operating system information in files. For example, this command will display information about the CPU: $ cat /proc/cpuinfo Processor : ARMv6-compatible processor rev 7 (v6l) BogoMIPS : 697.95 Features : swp half thumb fastmult vfp edsp java tls CPU implementer : 0x41 CPU architecture: 7 CPU variant : 0x0 CPU part : 0xb76 CPU revision : 7 Hardware : BCM2708 Revision : 000d Serial : 00000000da09f419 The cat command simply prints the contents of a file in the terminal. The file cpuinfo is Linux's representation of the CPU that it's running on. Disk drives aren't represented in Linux in the same way as they are in Windows. In Linux, a computer's peripheral devices are generally represented as files in /dev. You can see your disk drives in the /dev directory by opening a terminal (double-click on the LXTerminal icon on the desktop) and typing this command: $ sudo fdisk -l You should see output that looks like this: Disk /dev/mmcblk0: 3965 MB, 3965190144 bytes 4 heads, 16 sectors/track, 121008 cylinders, total 7744512 sectors Units = sectors of 1 * 512 = 512 bytes Sector size (logical/physical): 512 bytes / 512 bytes I/O size (minimum/optimal): 512 bytes / 512 bytes Disk identifier: 0x00014d34 Device Boot Start End Blocks Id System /dev/mmcblk0p1 8192 122879 57344 c W95 FAT32 (LBA) /dev/mmcblk0p2 122880 7744511 3810816 83 Linux This is information about the SD card that your Pi uses as a disk drive. You can see the Raspberry Pi's SD card listed as /dev/mmcblk0, and the two partitions on it are listed as /dev/mmcblk0p1 and /dev/mmcblk0p2. Note that you can't access the files on your SD card via /dev/mmcblk0p1 or /dev/mmcblk0p2. These files are used by Linux device drivers to interact with the card. Mounting drives To access the files on the card, Linux must 'mount' it. This means Linux must open the disk and link the disk's directories with the rest of the file system. The directories are attached to an existing directory. For example, I have created a directory on my Pi called usbhdd in /media. When I connect a USB hard disk to my Pi and mount it, all the files and folders can be accessed in /media/usbhdd as if the disk was just a subdirectory in /media. Mounting drives in this way makes it possible for Linux to have a single, continuous file system seamlessly spanning multiple drives. File System Formats Linux uses different disk drive formats for storing files than Windows. On Windows, disks and SD cards are formatted with the FAT32 file system or NTFS. On Linux, the most common file system is ext4. Linux can read drives formatted with Windows file systems, but Windows can't access drives formatted with Linux file systems. Absolute and relative paths When you specify the location of a file, you can use its complete path. If I create a file in my home directory called myfile.txt, its complete path is /home/pi/myfile.txt. This is known as an absolute path. It is also possible to use a relative path to access this file. When I log into Linux as pi, the default working directory is /home/pi. I can reference my file as ./myfile.txt. Unix systems use a single dot to refer to the current working directory, so a path starting with './' is relative to the current directory. Typing this command lists the contents of the current directory: $ ls ./ Two dots are used to refer to the next directory up in the directory tree. If the current working directory is /home/pi, then typing this command lists the contents of /home: $ ls ../ The '~' character refers to the current user's home directory. If I use the 'cd' command to change the current working directory to /etc (for example), this command will list the contents of my home directory: $ ls ~ Hidden files and folders File names and directory names that start with a dot are hidden. On a fresh installation of Raspbian, if you type ls ~, there are only a couple of directories. If you type ls -a ~, the ls command will list everything in the home directory, including hidden files and folders. See also: Connect your Raspberry Pi to a USB hard disk.
Comments
An Australian woman successfully prevented their boyfriend from traveling to Syria to join the Islamic State, tracking their movements and ultimately calling them from a Sydney travel center, posing as an employee, to tell them that their flight had been cancelled.
In an interview with The Australian newspaper, the woman — identified by the assumed name “Soroya” — recalled following and spying on their then boyfriend, “Abed,” as they became enmeshed in radical Islam and even planned to join the extremist group as a fighter.
They said that as the formerly non-religious Abed became more observant, they met a man at their mosque who called them “brother,” and introduced them to a group of Islamic State recruiters they called “The Crew.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Alarm bells began to ring, Soroya said, when the couple argued over the definition of “jihad,” with Abed insisting that it meant “holy war.” At that point, Abed informed them that they were thinking of leaving Australia for Syria, where they would join the Islamic State.
Soroya said that by this stage, their recruiters had told Abed that they would kill them if they changed their mind about joining IS. They began to track their movements, sometimes even disguising themselves with a niqab, and following them as they met groups of men in car parks and at their homes.
Them determination to stop them leaving the country eventually led Soroya to lie about their flight, just days before they were due to begin the journey to Syria, where the Islamic State controls swathes of the war-torn country.
Once Soroya had tricked Abed into believing their flight had been cancelled, they strove to impress on them the importance of the people around them in Sydney.
“I had to be smart and on the ball all the time. I gave up my life,” Soroya told The Australian. The 10-month effort paid off, but they warned that there are many susceptible Muslim Australians who are being targeted by recruiters for the extremist group. Abed, who is still in Sydney, is in touch with a sheikh who is helping to guide them away from the Islamic State, but the couple have split.
Soroya said that the effort was worth it. “I unf***ked their mind,” they told the newspaper.
Forge of Gods: Infernal War DLC Steam Key Giveaway – in partnership with Panoramik, we're giving away 8000 Steam keys for Forge of Gods: Infernal War DLC – a premium add-on to Free-To-Play RPG Forge of Gods available on Steam.
GODS are not born, they are made by YOU! Join the action in this highly addictive multiplayer card strategy RPG “FORGE OF GODS”! Collect and train as many monsters as you can to assemble the greatest team and burst through hordes of enemies in thrilling, addictive and fast-paced game! Conjure powerful dragons, sturdy warriors and exotic beasts to fight for you in the land of Pangea! Are you ready for battle?
Kill enemies -> Capture souls -> Evolve them -> FORGE army of GODS -> Be no.1 !
Check out the trailer below:
Infernal War DLC Content Description:
Are you ready for thrilling journey? The Infernal War Pack is a great choice for the true adventurer to get a quick start in Forge of Gods!
Fireghost – incredibly powerful creature with max 7 stars.
20 Blightlings. Special monsters to improve other creatures
$8 of in-game currency (300 gems). Use them to summon new creatures, expand your army, purchase items and more other things.
2.000.000 of gold for Fusion, Evolution and Rebirth of your fighters.
5 Chilies. Special items to restore your rage for PvP battles.
20 Health Potions. Special items to heal your creatures in combat.
Rush to FORGE your own GODS in this huge and dangerous fantasy world of Pangea!
Note: You'll get your DLC rewards after you complete the in-game tutorial.
To claim your key, complete the 5 steps in the widget below. Enjoy playing – Forge of Gods has mostly positive reviews on Steam!
Forge of Gods Infernal War DLC Steam keys
Microsoft is making a big change to its Skype strategy on the Windows platform. On July 7, the current "Modern" version of Skype that was first released for Windows 8, and later became the default messaging app for Windows 8.1, will no longer be available. Instead, users of that version will be redirected to the current desktop Windows Skype client.
"With the upcoming release of Windows 10 for PCs, it makes sense to use the Skype application optimized for mouse and keyboards use, capable of doing touch as well rather than 2 separate applications performing the same function."
There is one exception to this change. Windows RT device owners, such as the Surface RT and Surface 2 tablets, will not see the "Modern" Skype client shut down, and will still be able to use it. Windows 8 and 8.1 owners will be redirected to download the current desktop Skype client starting July 7. That version got revamped on October 2014 with a design that has some elements of the Modern client.
Microsoft also commented on the status of Skype for Windows 10, hinting strongly that the new Messaging client won't be ready for when the OS officially launches on July 29:
The new Disney version of Pete's Dragon is hardly a remake of the plot of the 1977 film with which it shares its name: it still has a dragon and a kid named Pete, but the live-action-plus-CGI drama promises fewer goofy pratfalls and songs, and more modern angst and sweeping orchestral scoring.
The '70s version was, as TIME described upon its release, the story of an orphan boy “so appealing that you want to strangle him” and their dragon friend, as they make an impression on the denizens of a 19th-century Maine town. And, though its songs were dismissed as “a good opportunity to line up for more popcorn,” the overall impression was charming enough that perhaps it should be no surprise the title is being reused.
As TIME critic John Skow wrote, the live-with-cartoons romp was fun, largely due to the help of said dragon:
He's gorgeous, in a ghastly sort of way: the fine-featured, thoughtful face of a moose, though greener than your normal moose; little scrambly front legs and big thumping back legs; a great, green, swaying belly and a proper thrashing tail; all supported by demure pink wings set too far forward for really good aerodynamics, so that they fly with a waddle. They fulminate fire, of course, if they have remembered to change their flint, and, all in all, it's just as well that they are invisible most of the time. Their name is Elliott. Elliott has an active sense of humor, and thereby hangs a scaly tale, amiably told and only slightly overproduced by the Disney organization in time for the Christmas trade. There is an orphan boy, of course, played by a cute, smudge-cheeked red-haired kid named Sean Marshall. An urchin of this description appears in every Disney movie, and the viewer is half convinced that Disney grows them on its own Devils Island, using the cute ones for films and chaining the ugly ones to drafting tables to paint animated green dragons, frame by agonizing frame.
Get your history fix in one place: sign up for the weekly TIME History newsletter
And, Skow noted, it arrived at an apt moment. Speaking of the “in the nick of time” nature of a major plot point, they noted that “nicks are another reason that the 1890s are good for story writing; modern times don't seem to have nicks, only a lot of existential despair” and that some adult viewers of the film would likely feel a wistful yen for a dragon of their own, to “scare a little appreciation and respect from an uncaring world.”
Nearly 40 years later, surely plenty of adults could still appreciate that desire.
Read the full review, here in the TIME Vault: Scaly Tale
Write to Lily Rothman at lily.rothman@time.com.
I'm sure any second or third time mum will agree with me (hopefully) after you have one it can be difficult to dedicate the same time and devotion to the next which has left me with some mummy guilt as I go back to work but at times like this it's better to laugh than cry, so I'll illustrate my point with some home truths in relation to myself… I hope some other mums can relate too...
After ten wonderful months on maternity leave I'm back to work next week and I can hardly believe it. I am mum to two beautiful daughters, Olivia who is 3 ½ years old and Zanna who is just approaching 9 months so this is my second maternity break from work and boy have the two been just like my daughters… chalk and cheese!
The Morning Routine
1st Maternity with Olivia
The baby casually wakes up after a 12 hour sleep 7.30-7.30, drinks 6ozs and goes back to bed for another hour. Bliss! Sometimes I could have a little lie in myself, sometimes I would get up and have a leisurely breakfast while I waited on them to wake up or I would get some cleaning done so that would be it out of the way. Easy Breezy.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
The toddler is shaking the stair gate on their room. I glance at the clock its 6.25am. It can't be. NOOOO. I've just got back into bed after feeding the baby at 5.40am and my head is running through the millions of things I need to get done. When was the last time I had to hoover out? Who knows! I convince Olivia that it's still night time and they need to go back to sleep. “The sun is out mummy it's time to get up”.  They are three and has an answer for everything it would appear. Get Olivia dressed (negotiating the outfit is not an option) brush the teeth, there is toothpaste down their top now, change entire outfit and head downstairs for breakfast. “I want the pink plate” as I lift out the green. Make toast and put it on the plate. “I want the green plate mummy it's my favourite colour” GRRRRRRRR. Will we make nursery on time? Who knows?
Activities on Maternity
1st Maternity with Olivia
Hardly had a minute to myself! We attended baby massage, baby yoga, baby sensory, swimming lessons, baby gym, music class, rhyme time, babble and bounce, crafty kids, story time, parent and toddler groups… you get the picture I'm sure.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
Zanna went to a music class while Olivia was away for the day and swimming lessons just started while Olivia is at nursery. We also managed to make one baby sensory class - woohoo! Definitely feeling the mummy guilt on this one.
Nap times
1st Maternity with Olivia
Olivia was text book. They slept for an hour in the mornings and anywhere up to 2.5 hours in the afternoon in their cot at home. I could have a snooze myself, browse the internet, watch trashy TV or just have a cuppa that is actually hot.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
Zanna is a great sleeper so I've been blessed again. However while they sleep I'm picking up 1200 seashells from the beach from every orifice of the house, putting on 3 loads of washing, emptying out the dishwasher, dusting while Olivia shouts at me to move out of their way as they can't see the Trolls film for the millionth time (please note they do do other activities than just watch TV I promise) and occasionally some ironing does get done. Occasionally!
Transport
1st Maternity with Olivia
I walked everywhere possible. Daily. I had so much time on my hands I didn't need to drive plus the walking helped me get that pre baby body back. Well… I'm still looking for it somewhere.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
I have to drive everywhere even to nursery that's just across the road as I'm late and the novelty of the buggy board slapping against my shins has worn off completely.
Baby Trivia
1st Maternity with Olivia
I knew Olivia's age in weeks, days, hours and minutes. I knew all the milestones they should be hitting, the perfect weaning routine, their height, weight and even head circumference. I knew it all.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
I just know Zannas age in months, had to order the free weaning guides online as I forgot what to do and when, can guess their weight judging by the size of the nappies and judge their development based on my iPhone pictures of Olivia at that age.
Returning to work
1st Maternity with Olivia
I wept at the thought of it. I left them with their childminder for some settling in periods and cried my way around Tesco. I wrote 4 A4 pages basically of their life for the childminder i.e. Dos and Don'ts, their favourite things, what to do to make them laugh, their routine etc.
2nd Maternity with Olivia and Zanna
Zanna is off to the same brilliant childminder next week for the first time, no settling in period they will just have to like it and I'll just have to hope for the best. I've written one side of an A5 piece of paper with their routine at the minute. I've told Olivia, who will be with them after nursery, to help the childminder out as they know what to do. Basically I'm asking my 3 year old to look after their sister and the childminder is just there for support. Sounds about right I think. I will also skip into work so I can have a hot cup of tea and go to the toilet by myself, it's the small victories in life after all!
I still wouldn't change it all for the world. I love my girls and I loved my maternity leave with them no matter how chaotic it was the second time around.
Hi, my name is Jillian. I'm married to Christopher and we have two wonderful daughters Olivia and Zanna. I work Part time but family life is full on and you can follow what we get up to over on Instagram @hennathome or on Facebook @hennathome or follow us on the blog www.hennathome.wordpress.com
Tagged with: advice forum for mums
CCTV footage has captured a pensioner hurling their next-door neighbour over a garden fence and trying to gouge out their eyes during series of rows started over a parking space.
Shocked victims Tilly and Philip Hellawell have today revealed they were terrified of Ferris from the moment they moved into the spacious farmhouse next-door which overlooks the Pennines in the scenic town of Bacup, Lancs.
Burnley Magistrates Court heard the chaos started just days after 18-stone Ferris and their wife Jean arrived in April 2012. The court heard that the Hellawells were regularly on the end of four-letter tirades concerning parking, their shared garden gate and alleged dog mess.
Events reached their climax on Christmas Eve last year after several months of incidents when Ferris, a director of a highways construction firm, lunged at retired company director Mr Hellawell, 67, as they were repairing a gate between the two properties.
On CCTV played in court Ferris could be heard to shout, "you put your hands on me once more and you'll be dead - and I mean dead", in between a torrent of foul language.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amateur footage shows one of the Red Arrows flying at a lower height
The RAF's Red Arrows display team has been grounded while investigators try to establish the cause of a crash in Dorset which killed one of its pilots.
Flt Lt Jon Egging, 33, from Rutland, died when their Hawk T1 aircraft crashed near Bournemouth Airport after a display on Saturday afternoon.
Witnesses described seeing their plane hit the ground in a field by the River Stour near the village of Throop.
Organisers of the Bournemouth Air Festival are planning a tribute later.
A spokesperson said there would be a one minute's silence ahead of Sunday's air displays and a special tribute to Flt Lt Egging at 13:00 BST.
Books of condolence have also been opened in Bournemouth for public tributes.
Dorset Police said Flt Lt Egging, known as 'Eggman', was thrown from the aircraft and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Image copyright Other Image caption Flt Lt Egging flew on the right hand outside of the Diamond Nine formation
Shortly before the crash, their wife, Dr Emma Egging, had watched them take part in a display at the Bournemouth Air Festival.
They said later: "Watching them today, I was the proudest I've ever been. I loved everything about him, and they will be missed."
Gp Capt Simon Blake, the commandant of the RAF Central Flying School, said the Ministry of Defence had begun an investigation into the cause of the crash and all Red Arrows Hawk T1 aircraft had been grounded as a standard safety measure.
They said: "At this juncture it is too early to speculate as to the cause of the accident.
"In accordance with normal policy the Ministry of Defence has appointed a service inquiry to investigate the circumstances surrounding the accident and... have grounded the Hawk T1 temporarily until its safety can be assured.
"As for the rest of the season it is too early to speculate as to when the Red Arrows will be back on the public circuit but suffice to say for the short term they will not be able to perform in public."
The Red Arrows are based at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire, and the rest of the Hawk T1 fleet is based at RAF Valley in Anglesey. The entire Hawk T1 fleet, which stands at more than 170 aircraft, has been grounded.
'Heard a crack'
The crash site was cordoned off by police soon after the incident and only people living inside the zone were being allowed access.
The Military Air Accident Investigation Branch has started an inquiry.
Flt Lt Egging's aircraft was one of nine Red Arrows planes to take part in the display over the seafront.
Image copyright bbc Image caption The plane plunged into a field near the River Stour
The RAF said Flt Lt Egging, who grew up in Southam, Warwickshire, joined the team in the autumn of 2010 and flew on the right hand outside of the famous Diamond Nine formation.
Nicholas Gore, 22, was walking with a friend close to the river when they saw all nine Red Arrows overhead.
"There were quite a few people watching and we saw them go over but one seemed quite low," they said.
"They then disappeared behind trees and I heard a crack, not an explosion, just a crack and we got further down and I saw the plane with its red tail in the air and its nose in the river."
Another witness, who did not want to be named, said the plane had skidded for several hundred metres along the riverbank after it crashed.
Books of condolence
Bournemouth Borough Council leader, Peter Charon, said they had arranged for the authority to open two books of condolence on Sunday "for people to express their sympathy and record memories".
Mr Charon and the mayor of Bournemouth, councillor Chris Rochester, opened the books at the Town Hall at 10:00 BST and people can sign them up until 20:00. They will also be available for signing throughout the week.
Red Arrows Hawk T1 Aircraft Two-seater, single-engined advanced training aircraft
Length: 38ft 11in (11.8m)
Wingspan: 30ft 10in (9.5m)
Thrust: 5,200lbs
Max altitude: 48,000 ft (14,630 m)
Max speed: 638 mph (1,025 km/h) in level flight and 915 mph (1,472 km/h) in a dive
The Red Arrows are based at RAF Scampton in Lincolnshire
Manufacturer: Hawker Siddeley/BAE Systems (United Kingdom)
Used by the Red Arrows since 1979
The council said it would hand the books to Flt Lt Egging's family, along with any donations given by members of the public for the family's chosen charity.
In a statement, the borough council asked anyone wishing to leave floral tributes to place them on the grass banks around the Town Hall.
Bournemouth Air Festival organisers said the event would go ahead on Sunday, with other RAF displays among the attractions.
All nine Red Arrows display pilots are fast jet pilots from frontline Royal Air Force squadrons.
Flt Lt Egging joined the RAF in 2000 and served with IV(AC) Squadron based at RAF Cottesmore, flying the Harrier GR9 in support of coalition forces in Afghanistan.
The Red Arrows have used the dual control BAE Systems Hawk T1 aircraft since 1979.
A person touches the screen of a bitcoin ATM in a shopping center in Barcelona, Spain. Josep Lago/AFP/Getty Images
Imagine stepping into a cafe where you're worried they don't take credit cards. But while you're painstakingly counting out your dollars, the cashier says: "We take cash, cards and bitcoin."
That's what's happening every day at Pittsburgh ice cream parlor Oh Yeah! And the small eatery isn't the only place offering an expanded range of payment options to its customers.
Bitcoin, created in 2009, is a form of digital currency that can be exchanged via an electronic device like a smartphone. According to bitcoin payment processor BitPay, more than 100,000 businesses globally have opted to accept bitcoin as a payment method, and many of them are small businesses.
The most important characteristic of bitcoin, making it different from conventional currency, is that it's decentralized – no one authority controls the money network. Users can store, spend and receive bitcoins by using virtual bitcoin "wallets," offered through services like BitPay or Coinbase. These wallets help convert dollars, euros, or other currencies into bitcoins.
Users can get bitcoins from a bitcoin exchange – a platform similar to a stock market where bitcoins can be bought with conventional currencies. People can also receive bitcoins directly from other bitcoin users.
Getting rid of middlemen and higher fees can spur small businesses to jump into the bitcoin community. Unlike big companies, mom-and-pop stores often don't have the negotiating power to bargain on the fees they're charged when accepting credit card payments, said Bruce Fenton, executive director of the Bitcoin Foundation, a Washington-based nonprofit that focuses on bitcoin advocacy and education.
"Now with an electronic device, you can make payments easily with low or even zero transaction fees," Fenton said.
Lee Marburg, founder of CoinsForTech – an Australia-based, bitcoin-only online electronics store that ships to more than 60 countries – said their operation saved $17,000 in fees alone last year. "We processed over $500,000 in transactions and paid nothing in processing cost," they said.
Having money on hand is often critical to small businesses' survival. Compared with credit card transactions, which can take several days to show up in merchants' accounts, bitcoin payments can be in their electronic pockets in just a few hours.
But for merchants, the convenience of bitcoin isn't limited just to the relative speed of the transaction or to lower fees. As a nationless currency, bitcoin also breaks down invisible borders, making international transactions easier.
"We ship all around the world. That was one thing appealing with bitcoins," said Kenny Spotz, a spokesperson for Mount Baker Vapor, a U.S.-based online vapor shop that recently started accepting bitcoins for electronic cigarettes and similar items. "We can do international transactions much more efficiently now. Consumers can make payments anytime, anywhere and we can get the money instantly."
Some business owners also accept bitcoins because they want to push the currency toward being widely accepted instead of viewed simply as an investment, like a stock.
"We want to encourage bitcoin owners to use their bitcoins in daily life. That's why we accept bitcoins in our store," said Ethas Cloy, founder of Oh Yeah!
To most small merchants, though, the biggest reason to accept bitcoin is to utilize it as a marketing tool to attract new customers, especially young people.
Kevin Rezvani, owner of Diesel & Duke – a small restaurant in New Brunswick, New Jersey, which is home to a Rutgers University campus – decided to accept bitcoin after some student customers asked for it.
"This is a small town – once you start accepting bitcoin, people will know it very quickly," Rezvani said.
However, Diesel & Duke saw only two bitcoin transactions in the past two years, showing that even though bitcoin may be becoming an "in" thing, most customers still don't understand what it is – or care to use it.
"There are not so many new customers unless you are in a really niche area where there are already quite a lot bitcoin users," Fenton said. "Therefore, in most cases, your profit is not likely to move that much."
Along with the potential for a scarce customer base, security concerns can also pose barriers to businesses seeking to adopt bitcoin as a payment method.
Such issues can contribute to bitcoin's already infamous price volatility. In 2013, the value of one bitcoin increased to more than $1,000 from $13. Now, it's dropped back to less than $300.
"Bitcoin, just like any other commodity, is based on the number of buyers and sellers out there," Fenton said. "If somebody were to dump their bitcoins, that would definitely affect the bitcoin price."
To keep businesses from possible crashes, small companies instantly convert most of their bitcoin revenue to local currencies.
"At this moment, it is too volatile to use as a store of value for all of our business assets," Spotz said. "Because of this, we only keep 15 percent of revenue generated by bitcoin in bitcoin, and we converted the rest of them to U.S. dollars at the point of sale."
I was six years old in 1992, and visiting Bombay, where 575 Muslims and 275 Hindus would eventually be killed in communal riots over two months. I remember the police sirens snarling during the night and my father peeking out of the window, eager to observe what was happening but wary of being seen. It's the first trip to India I can remember and is almost as far back as my memory stretches.
My first cricket memory is in there: playing in a stairwell, walloping the ball through an open window and onto the street. My older cousin has to fetch the ball, which is muddy and dirty, pocked with gouges from use, and I never forget its vibrant orange shell looping through the night sky.
We had made our way to India from Saudi Arabia, where my parents worked and I was born, trying to figure out the next step. There's no future for foreigners in Saudi Arabia because there's no way to penetrate the culture. No matter how long you live there you'll always be on the outside: Canada, India, and Australia were our three options. India was the easiest because we were already citizens and spoke the language, but the riots illuminated the problems of living there. It was clearly not the best place to commit the lives of children to – if you had our options.
My father had worked in Australia for three years in their mid-20s and their older brother still called Melbourne home. Canada had a healthy economy, but we had no personal connection there. It was thought the Canadian visa process was harder to beat than Australia's, so we started with Canada. Australia could be a fall-back. My parents speak English and are professionals and so we were desired candidates for immigration. Canada accepted us easily.
For a long time “something” hadn't clicked about Toronto. I take myself a bit too seriously to prescribe wanderlust as my affliction – this mild, middle-class roaming that I've indulged in for the last five years, in which I've lived in three cities in three different countries. I like to mostly blame it on the eradicating effects of emigration: that leaving everything I knew (Saudi Arabia) at such a young age (seven) has had a permanent destabilizing effect on me.
I don't know if this is true.
I do know, however, that after spending almost two years in Asia, I was finally preparing myself to come back to Toronto until I met and fell in love with L. in Thailand. L. is an Australian, and was on vacation, so I moved to be with them in Melbourne. I was the same age my father was when they lived there, and it's where I've lived for the last year and a half. It's similar to Toronto – like two windows on the same house. Somehow, I feel freer in Australia.
I think anyone who has left the backlog of their life would, and I feel like here I've been given a small chance to delete the shivering alienation I felt in Canada, or on any of my subsequent trips to India since I first went back at 20. I don't know why I can claim both identities as my own and still feel this crookedness inside; there are plenty of Indian-Canadians who are able to happily navigate the hyphen that connects their identities.
The only Canadian thing I check daily are the NHL scores, but it's getting harder from a distance. It's a visceral, guttural sport, like a gash come to life, and away from all the passion, it's difficult to appreciate. There are few overarching themes or personalities. The players are notoriously boring.
So, when I was in a restaurant waiting for a souvlaki and my friend J. mentioned I should join their cricket team, it seemed to make the “click” I had hoped for in Toronto. I said, “Yeah, sure, that would be great – maybe I could be the pitcher.” J. shook their head. “It's called a bowler. Don't tell your parents you said that.”
I didn't. But, since my conversation with J., I've bought a copy of Shehan Karunatilaka's novel about a drunk journalist's search for an enigmatic cricket player, Chinaman. I started paying attention to ESPN's Cricinfo. I noticed that every long form, serious Indian journalist would have preferred a career as a cricket sportswriter.
I finally listened to that chime that said to be a better Indian I had to be into cricket. Cricket made sense on a thematic level– the broad, cinematic strokes of India vs. Pakistan, or West Indies vs. England; fraternal enemies, or the colonized vs. the colony. Sachin Tendulkar was the best batsman in the world. The top athlete in their sport sort of looked like me and they got to embarrass the English. How could I resist?
The problem is that Sachin feels as far away from me as Sidney Crosby. Tendulkar was born in Bombay and grew up in India – we manage to share thousands of similarities while maintaining an impossible distance. Crosby is my age, Canadian, and like him, I know what it feels like to hold a hockey stick in my hand and to nourish that dream of winning the Stanley Cup, but like Tendulkar, the gulf between us is impossible to close, and unlike Tendulkar, it's startlingly obvious. I wanted cricket to help me bridge that gap.
***
Rupert Murdoch said recently that Australia is on its way to becoming the world's most diverse country.
They were making links between Australia's increasing intake of migrants, especially Asian workers, and the ramifications that these new deep links to global economies would have on the Australia's economic policy going forward.
They said, “The nations that lead this century will be the ones most successful at attracting and keeping talent,” which sounds like another Western immigration policy built to harvest global talent for economic might. Australia has always favored the skilled, economy-minded immigrant. One of the deepest black spots in its history – the “Whites Only” immigration policy – was finally lifted because of the desire to foster closer economic ties to Asia. Its current immigration policy is directly tied to skill set and language proficiency.
What's the role of the immigrant in Australia? Walk through an empty office building at night and the faces of the cleaners are all brown; the security guards strut with their newly granted PR visas; the drivers speak another language. Immigrants are always where you expect them, toiling as the underclass, and they're rarely where you don't – on TV, in upper-management, as notable athletes.
This was mashing with my burgeoning cricket fandom. If the stereotype is that South Asians are cricket mad, how come I wasn't seeing too many of them in the elite levels of the sport in Australia?
Cricket Australia, the governing body, hasn't released recent statistics, but in 2005-2006, the Australian Human Rights Commission released a paper finding that 11.5 percent of cricket club players were of non-English speaking origin.
In 2007, Origins Info, a marketing group that targets ethnic groups, released stark findings based on their own name recognition technology: “Australia's sub-continental and Muslim population is not yet represented at the elite level of Australian cricket.” In 2013, there is very little representation of South Asians in the sport and the reasons are still not clear.
Dr. Jessica Walton, a research fellow in racism and diversity studies at the University of Melbourne, spoke to me about how racism could manifest itself in junior cricket clubs, “Racism is often focused only on behaviors and speech that are blatant and aggressive… racism also manifests in more subtle ways. This refers to mundane speech and behaviors embedded in everyday practice that tends to be more difficult to identify as racism.
Cricket is strongly associated with Australian national identity, an identity which is still strongly associated with masculinity and a white Anglo-Celtic racial and cultural background.”
Was this friction visible in junior cricket?
I spoke to Andrew Ingleton, Cricket Australia's director of development, and they told me that while they didn't see it at grassroots level they did note that CA were running programs to help people “recognize their unconscious biases.”
There are a few young South Asian-Australians playing cricket here. Usman Khawaja, Ashton Agar, and Gurinder Sandhu were all raised in Australia and these three have been touted by Cricket Australia as examples of the new diversity in Australian sport.
Ingleton told me about their ideas for the future, “Cricket Australia understands we need to be a sport for all Australians. That means embracing the Australian community in its entirety,” and that they see South Asian immigrants emerging as players, “it's been happening naturally in a sense…you can readily observe the penetration of young Indian kids, Sri Lankan kids, Pakistani kids.” What was happening naturally? It didn't seem normal to me that barely any of 11.5% of junior cricket players in 2005 would go on to represent in elite levels.
Fawad Ahmed is a new Australian, one whose citizenship was fast tracked so they could play cricket internationally for Australia. He's a Pakistani refugee and made headlines when they refused to wear the beer company VB's logo on their jersey while touring England.
Their refusal became a symbol for a type of broken down white Australian rage: why was this Muslim allowed to do what they wanted? Prominent members of Australia's sporting elite recommended that Fawad go home if they didn't want to wear the logo and social media had a typical display of redneckism. 67 percent of respondents to a recent poll on advertising said they think the sport should cut back on alcohol advertising, but Ahmed's rejection of VB seemed like an affront to Australia. The Mapping for Social Cohesion survey, conducted by the University of Monash, revealed that 25 percent of Australians reported negative feelings towards Muslim migrants, and that 28 percent felt that accepting migrants failed to make the country stronger. Cultural intolerance, in general, stands at around 25-30 percent.
It's one thing to accept guys like Usman and Ashton, who are lucky enough to assimilate, but what about those who buck the Anglo-Saxon tradition?
Murdoch's multicultural fantasyland implodes when we're asked to integrate the person of colour instead of only utilizing them. This shouldn't be a surprise – while 75 percent of respondents to the Social Cohesion survey agreed that immigration was good for the economy, and 77 percent reported good views towards skilled immigrants, when asked what role the government should play in monetary engagement of minorities, 55 percent reported that government funds should not be used to maintain multiculturalism.
The message is blatant and familiar: Fawad was fast tracked to citizenship as long as they promised to bring Australia sporting glory. But they needed to remember their place.
***
Half the time I feel it's ludicrous that I expect cricket players to help me meld myself together. I think this searching is ridiculous in its intent and that the dissonance between my two selves is partly my fault, but I don't know why, nor how, to prevent myself from feeling haunted by these contorted identities. What kind of question am I asking here? Where do people find a home? In families, in partners, in a career? In an idea or sentiment? Most immigrants do solve this: 75 percent of recent Indian and Sri Lankan immigrants say they feel Australian.
In Amit Chaudhuri's memoir Calcutta they explain the phrase “Ingabanga” as an Indian predecessor to this sort of diasporic confusion. After all – Australia is not nearly close to being the most diverse place in the world. India has 30 languages spoken by more than a million people.
The hyphen has existed there long before Indians left for the West. “Ingabanga” is used to refer to a type of person, “a mutant produced by British rule and by aspiration – an obsessive desire to approximate and reproduce Englishness,” and the Ingbanga as the Indian predecessor to the Western slur, “coconut.”
Chaudhuri, a Bengali-Indian, contrasts this with the “bhadralok,” a type of Bengali-Indian that were wealthy and fluent with the West, but who “would have probably learnt English as a second language,” although, “that didn't impede the bhadralok's intimacy with the West. While the bhadralok might know Milton and Marx…he might not – unlike the Ingabanga – pronounce English words perfectly.”
Mixing, whether English-Indian or Bengali-Indian, has always been part of Indian identity and it might be impossible to be Indian without some version of it. A crucial and constant reminder on my trips to India, often at the passport gate, is of the hyphen I inhabit vividly while there: Muslim-Indian.
It's cold in Melbourne even though it's supposed to be summer. The Australian side is doing well against the English in the latest test, and if they come through, they'll get to put soul searching aside. Questions about Usman, Gurinder and Fawad have been coming up lately because the team has done so poorly and commentators have started asking why more of these kinds of players aren't being selected.
In the pub the topic is the consistency of Melbourne weather. Although it is always flipping back between hot, cold, and overcast in a single day, at least you can count on it changing. The weather is fine for a Canadian, probably preferable, and last night walking home I was happy to have a relief from 35-degree days. It was hard to follow along with the match in the pub because I'm not yet completely articulate in all the rules of cricket and without the commentators I sometimes have no idea what's happening.
It's weird to do anything new as an adult – to try to change myself; I wonder if my personality was set by the time I was 12 or 13, and if my remaining years are for discovering exactly what's wrong with me. Later, I'll think I'm wrong, but at the moment I wonder if this isn't perfect – watching the game in a pub with friends, squinting at the TV, seeing the bowler loop their arm over their head and fling the ball at the batsman. Because I can't hear the TV my head fills in the sound of the ball hitting the bat. I get another round and try to figure out if Fawad is actually playing.
Brace yourselves, people: This is a long, strange tale about a woman who allegedly stole their now ex-boyfriend's sperm from a used condom and then used it to impregnate themselves with twins through IVF. They then went ahead and sued their ex for child support – and won! The baffled ex, meanwhile, is suing the fertility clinic that performed the procedure without their knowledge. You follow?
Here's how it happened, according to Houston Press. Joe Pressil began dating their girlfriend, Anetria, in 2005. They broke up in 2007 and, three months later, they told them they were pregnant with their child. Pressil was confused, since the couple had used birth control, but a paternity test proved that they were indeed the father. So Pressil let Anetria and the boys stay at their home and they agreed to pay child support.
Fast forward to February of this year, when 36-year-old Pressil found a receipt – from a Houston sperm bank called Omni-Med Laboratories – for “cryopreservation of a sperm sample” (Pressil was listed as the patient although they had never been there). They called Omni-Med, which passed them along to its affiliated clinic Advanced Fertility. The clinic told Pressil that their “wife” had come into the clinic with their semen and they performed IVF with it, which is how Anetria got pregnant.
The big question, of course, is how exactly did Anetria obtain Pressil's sperm without them knowing about it? Simple. They apparently saved their used condoms. Gag. (Anetria denies these claims.) [tagbox tag=”IVF”]
“I couldn't believe it could be done. I was very, very devastated. I couldn't believe that this fertility clinic could actually do this without my consent, or without my even being there,” Pressil said, adding that artificial insemination is against their religious beliefs. “That's a violation of myself, to what I believe in, to my religion, and just to my manhood,” Pressil said.
Meanwhile, it's not as if Pressil is the only victim here. In February, they were charged for allegedly assaulting Anetria. According to their affidavit, the alleged incident took place when they found a text from one of Pressil's “lady friends,” along with “obscene, nude” picture from them and other women. They claim they tried to kick them out of the house but that they punched her, chocked them and then dragged them across the room.
Pressil, who has since moved to New York, is now suing Advanced Fertility for accepting a semen sample without their knowledge or consent and for performing IVF, which resulted in twins. He's also suing Omni-Med for holding onto the remaining frozen semen without their permission. According to the suit, the situation has caused Pressil mental anguish and “economic harm due to substantial child support payment.”
Can you really blame the guy?
(Photo: iStockphoto)
I, for one, was not at all surprised by the rise of Trump or their successful run in the Republican primary. It was entirely predictable based on the composition of the Republican Party, particularly the portion reverently referred to as “the Base”. The Base for whom Republican candidates have had to tack to the right for during their primaries only to then immediately pivot toward the center after securing the nomination. This political maneuver has been a reliable as clockwork for decades. It has been the accepted practice of the entirety of the Republican Party, and it has been openly acknowledged and discussed by every political observer without there ever being a public discussion on why this was the case.
But everybody did know why, but nobody was willing to say so publicly. Reporters would make references to ‘red meat' and ‘dog whistles' and ‘wedge issues' directed to the Base, and while some might concede that these dog whistles were racist or discriminatory, their reporting always stopped short of investigating who, and how many, these remarks were intended to reassure, and why those making them were confident in doing so.
From the earliest days of Rush Limbaugh it was obvious that there was a ready market of listeners to hear things said publicly that, while believed and felt by millions, were considered too taboo for public consumption as they would usually subject the speaker to some enforcement by social norms of the day. The strength of the market for this thinly veiled racism and hate, though, was strong enough that radio stations could not help themselves, as they willingly chose to market hate for the ratings and money it delivered. Father Coughlan was risen.
Since the early days, the growth and spread in the marketplace of those willing to spew hate and lies, and those wanting to hear and read it, has turned out to be demonstrably immense, tens of millions of people. Almost from the beginning, and certainly throughout its growth, the regular racist insinuations and statements, when they did get criticized, were given a pass by being characterized as ‘not the intent', ‘poor choice of words', or ‘spoken for entertainment and not meant to be taken as true'. Racism and hate were being normalized every day on hate radio and on Fox News.
Those who have been taken off-guard by Trump's winning of the nomination are either oblivious of size of the Republican Base that has been feasting on all that red meat, or they are stupid or lying.
The truth is this billion dollar market for hate and misinformation was not entirely organic. It was created for a single purpose: the electoral success of the Republican Party.
In addition to the racist staples from the Nixon and Reagan campaigns, the Republican Party and their media outlets added additional ‘otherisms' to their litany of people and programs to be despised: liberals, Democrats specifically. Millions of hours of radio and TV time telling their listeners how much the Democrats hated them, telling them all of the reasons for the nation's problems were the result of liberal Democrats, and telling them how many Democrats hated families, God, Country, and the American way. Hate was also heaped on gays, feminists, Latino's and other minorities, teachers, unions, Muslims, and any other individuals, groups or organization perceived to be supportive of Democrats. Conspiracies, fabrications and outright lies were used to underpin and justify their listener's belief in what they were selling. And their listeners were instructed not to believe what anyone else told them.
The product of these efforts of the Republican Party is the Base that they have created. The so-called Tea Party movement was the Base's debutant ball. Its members were branded as salt-of-the earth real Americans, and the numbers of media and cameras at their gatherings consistently outnumber the actual Tea Partiers. The media loved them, loved the story line, and never bother to look into what were the actual beliefs binding these folks together, nor did they discuss the obvious ignorance that on display in virtually any comments made by this group. The right's creation of this fake populist movement went virtually unreported by mainstream news outlets, and the group and its branding served the Republican Party well.
And then the Base began to feel their oats.
Republican candidates ran on Tea Party platforms, but unlike previous Republican primaries, Tea Party candidates did not pivot back to the center after gaining their primary victories. Then they began running against incumbent Republicans, and winning. They won general elections in districts rigged for sure Republican success, as well as knocked off some Democrats. They went to Washington and put their full ignorance, contempt and intransience on display for the country. The result of this was that the Republican Party moved further to the right, further toward being openly racist and discriminatory, and being even more stupid. The Base was unsatisfied with Romney as the nominee in 2012 as they were not sufficiently open about the views animating the Base. The Base vowed to do better in 2016.
Hence Trump.
In Trump, the Base found their true reflection. A racist, anti-immigrant authoritarian with a f*ck you attitude to anyone who got in their way. An in your face role model for a lifestyle they admired, whose spouting of ignorance reflected beliefs and opinions already held by the Base.
The “battle” within the Republican Party that has erupted with Trump's campaign performance has led to much soul searching among Republican leaders and countless media pundits all trying to discern how the Republican Party came to this point. But no soul searching is actually needed. The so-called battle lines are actually this: those Republicans who prefer the racists and misogynists and such to keep their true beliefs privately or within the Party, pitted against those Base Republicans now comfortable wearing their hate and ignorance on their sleeves. Lost in all the discussion of this battle is the fact that a sizable portion of the population of this country harbor racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, authoritarian and discriminatory beliefs. That is not changing regardless of which Republican is on the ballot.
These Base Republicans, this basket of deplorables, value purity to their ideological and prejudicial mindsets above all else. While they may be a mixed bag of otherwise regular folks, this Base is united in a hatred of being led by those not like themselves, including even other Republicans.
The Republican Base is not going away. They are the real monster created by the Republican Party, not Trump. The Base is proving it wields the real power in the Republican Party. Those establishment Republicans, which is to say those who prefer their prejudices and hate stay among friends, will, like Dr. Frankenstein, find that they have no control of the monster they have created. While in the movie both Dr. Frankenstein and their monster ended up dead, this country won't be so lucky with the Republican Party and their Base.
Image caption Gay rights activist Eudy Simelane was raped and killed in KwaThema three years ago
The brutal killing of a South African lesbian activist has been condemned as a hate crime by Human Rights Watch.
The US-based group has urged the police to do more to find those responsible for the recent murder and rape of Noxolo Nogwaza.
They were stoned and stabbed on 24 April after a row in a bar in KwaThema township, east of Johannesburg.
Activists say gay South African women are targeted for what some call "corrective rape".
Unlike in many African countries, homosexual acts are legal in South Africa and the constitution outlaws discrimination based on sexual orientation.
But activists say gay and lesbian people are often attacked in townships.
"Nogwaza's death is the latest in a long series of sadistic crimes against lesbians, gay men, and transgender people in South Africa," said Human Rights Watch researcher Dipika Nath.
'Murder is murder'
South African police ministry spokesperson Zweli Mnisi says that the police prioritise violence against women and children but do not look at sexual orientation when carrying out their investigations.
"To us, murder is murder, whether somebody is Zulu, English, male or female - we don't see colour, we don't see gender," they told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme.
Prayers were held for Ms Nogwaza outside their home on Saturday and some activists report hearing threatening comments from young men in the crowd.
They fear some of the killers may have mingled with the mourners.
In 2008, female footballer and gay rights activist Eudy Simelane was also killed in KwaThema, some 80km (50 miles) east of Johannesburg.
Two people were given long prison terms for their murder and rape, although prosecutors denied that their sexuality had been a motive.
MONTREAL—Should Thomas Mulcair's successor be in a position to cross swords with Justin Trudeau in the House of Commons on the morning after their or their NDP leadership victory? With rival and possible front-runner Jagmeet Singh in their sights at the party's last official all-candidates debate on Sunday, Ontario MP Charlie Angus forcefully argued the New Democrats need a leader who can take the fight to the Liberals in the House this fall.
If they win, NDP leadership candidate Jagmeet Singh plans to seek a seat in the House of Commons in the 2019 federal election. They wouldn't be the first NDP leader to delay getting a seat. ( DARRYL DYCK / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
If they win, Singh, who currently sits in the Ontario legislature, plans to wait until the 2019 election to run federally, leaving the NDP without a permanent leader in the Commons for the better part of two years. On the notion that a seat-less leader is not ideal, there is no quarrel, but on whether it should be a deal-breaker in the leadership vote, the evidence is mixed. 1. At the time of Mulcair's selection as leader, the fact that they already held a federal seat was one of the arguments that helped tilt the balance against party insider and runner-up Brian Topp.
Article Continued Below
But the circumstances were significantly different. Having secured the title of official opposition for the first time in its history, the NDP needed to establish itself in that new parliamentary role or else see the Liberals assume it from third place. Mulcair's successor is not headed for the hot seat of official opposition leader. As the third party in the House, the NDP has less ice time in question period than it had in its previous incarnation. In the same third-place position, Trudeau made the best of being outshone by Mulcair daily by spending more time on the road. And ultimately they were the better for it. 2. It is hardly unprecedented for an incoming NDP leader to wait a year or more to enter the House. Alexa McDonough was elected leader in the fall of 1995, but did not sit in the Commons until after the 1997 election. There was a similar interval in the case ofJack Layton.
The decision to sit out the first 18 months of their respective leadership tenures was mostly borne out of necessity. McDonough was not very well known outside Atlantic Canada, where the NDP had no seats. But even if they had run and won in a byelection in another region of the country, they would still have been consigned to relative silence in question period. The NDP McDonough inherited was three seats short of the minimal number required to enjoy the speaking rights that attend official party status.
Article Continued Below
When Layton took the helm in 2003, the party's sole Ontario seat was in Windsor, well outside the new leader's zone of immediate influence as a former Toronto municipal politician. Singh would face a similar predicament. None of the NDP's eight Ontario seats is in the GTA. The closest New Democrat seat is in Hamilton. One could argue that the electoral-demographics distance between Brampton, where Singh's provincial seat is located, and Hamilton is more than the modest sum of the kilometres between the two communities. 3. Despite not having been seen action in the House, both McDonough and Layton improved their party's standings over their first campaigns. But they also beat some of the lowest seat scores in NDP history. For instance, in 2004, Layton more than doubled the NDP share of the Quebec vote, from 1.8 per cent to just under 5 per cent. The bar will be much higher for the next NDP leader. Mulcair's 2015 result was the second best for the New Democrats and 16 of the 44 NDP seats are in Quebec, where the party's roots are shallow. Lost in the glow of Layton's big 2011 Quebec breakthrough is the fact that their performance in their first leaders debate was tentative at best. Becoming federal leader comes with a learning curve that is more easily overcome with a steady daily dose of question period preparation. Finally, job one at the time of McDonough's and Layton's first campaigns was getting the leader elected. As a seat-less rookie leader in 2019, Singh would be in a similar situation. The result could be a more GTA-focused NDP campaign. That happens to be both what many of Singh's supporters hope for and what more than a few of their detractors fear. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Them column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
Read more about:
Everyone is making Trixie art and I'm not going to be an exception. This is my artistic impression of the amulet taking control when they put it on. It may have turned out a bit creepier than I'd anticipated. Especially the black eye seems unsettling—it started as a random experiment and stuck because I liked the effect.The style follows pretty much my standard painting techniques. Single layer, simple square brush, and endless polishing. Might go as far as calling this my "main" or "default" painting style... But then again there's no telling what I'll do next.Created with Gimp and Wacom Bamboo tablet.Edit: Thanks to ~ Sugarcube-Owl for pointing out the lack of tail in the first version. Made the image slightly wider too, to better balance image with the added tail.Creative Commons 3.0 – BY NC NDTrixie From My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (c) Hasbro
Confession: Before I became a parent, parents annoyed me. A lot. All they did was complain about how tired they were, or how lucky I was to not have kids, followed—oddly—with incessant clucking about how “time was running out” for me to embark on the amazing journey of parenthood myself. I vowed that if I ever became a parent, I'd never subject my childless pals to these preachy speeches. Then, in 2010, I gave birth—and, on cue, all the laments and pious musings I once hated hearing from parents came gushing out.
My friends, of course, were too polite to tell me to shut up. I only realized what I'd done after stumbling across STFU, Parents—a website devoted to airing all the irritating stuff parents say—and realizing that many were things I'd said just that day.
But here's the thing: It's not like parents want to annoy non-parents. It's just that parenthood is such a sensitive issue, even seemingly innocent remarks can hit like nuclear warheads. And so, in an effort to curb the damage, I asked some people without kids to map out their conversational no-go zones. If you enjoy the company of your childless friends and want to keep them around, here are some key phrases you can silently think to yourself all you want, but should avoid uttering at all costs (and if you've said them already, don't worry—we all have).
“Why don't you have kids?”
Innocuous enough, right? No. Here's why: Maybe the person you're asking has struggled for years with infertility, which means this question may make them want to burst into tears (particularly awkward if you've just met). Or maybe they just don't want kids, in which case it's annoying to have to justify why. Let's turn the tables: What if you had to constantly field questions about why you did have a kid. Feeling defensive yet?
"You'll change your mind about not wanting kids.”
This comment is usually accompanied by addendums like “once you're older” or “once you meet the right person.” Other popular add-ons: “Don't wait too long!” or “If you don't, you'll regret it.” All of these comments paint parenthood as the final step on the path to enlightenment. But it's not. Parenthood is a choice. A few more years on earth or the right mate might not make a difference in that choice. As Jess, 38, from Greenwich, CT, puts it, “Ahem, the right person will also not want to have kids. Paul Rudd could inexplicably leave their wife for me tomorrow but I still wouldn't breed with him.”
“You just don't know what love is until you have kids.”
Those are fighting words to nonparents, since it suggests that the love they feel—for spouses, friends and family members—is somehow inferior to the all-consuming, throw-yourself-under-a-bus love you have for your kid. Yes, parent/child love is wildly powerful, but it's no better or more meaningful than any other emotional bond. This also applies to people who lavish affection on their pets—yes, those people who dress their Shih Tzu in J. Crew and joke that Snowflake's “their kid.” As tempting as it is to explain that a pet is nothing like a kid, keep this observation to yourself. Love is love.
“Think you're tired? Try having kids.”
Yes, raising kids is exhausting. But that childless friend of yours who's working 80-hour weeks, planning their wedding, or just couldn't sleep last night has a right to feel tired, too. Them fatigue deserves validation rather than one-upmanship. So even if you know for a fact that you're getting half as much shut-eye as they are, keep your lip zipped. Tired is tired.
“You're so lucky you don't have kids.”
At first glance, this sounds like a compliment—you covet your childless pal's ability to party all night, sleep in all Saturday or jet to Cancun unencumbered. Still, the word “lucky” can come off as glib, particularly if the person you're speaking to would prefer to be in your shoes. “Since I would have liked to have kids, whenever a mom friend says something to me about envying my independent/free/kidless state I basically want to shoot her,” admits Alison, 42, from New York, NY. “While I am a happy person with a full life, the truth is still that I would probably trade my lot for theirs given my druthers. And in a million years not one of my mom friends would trade their lot for mine. They think they're supporting me by telling me they'd love to have my freedom. But it's just not true. They only want it for a day, so it's very hollow.”
“Wow, I wish I could do that…”
This wistful comment—a close cousin to “you're so lucky” above—usually follows when childless friends mention they're engaged in some everyday activity that's nonetheless hard for parents to do, like watching an R-rated movie or heading out for Happy Hour. It's annoying because it sounds so melodramatic. Do you live with your kid in a prison? No? Then quit making nonparents feel insanely indulgent for just living their lives. “Yes, I have free time,” admits Kerry-Ann, 31, from Palm Beach, FL. “But I would give it up in a heartbeat to have a baby. Not to mention, you can always get a babysitter for a few hours if you really need it. I can't borrow a baby. ”
“Who will take care of you when you're old?”
To which non-breeders think: Oh, so that's why you had Asher? To wipe your bum when you're eighty? Aren't nursing homes filled with people who thought their kids would take care of them? Anyway, good luck with that.
“You don't understand—you don't have kids.”
Parents use this phrase to end conversations on a wide swath of seemingly unrelated topics. As in: “Forget it—you wouldn't understand my stance on the environment/politics/drone strikes because you don't have kids.” To justify this brush-off, parents say parenting gives you a totally different perspective on life. Yes, it does. But that doesn't make your perspective so profound that a nonparent can't fathom it if you explain. Let's say, for instance, you hear of a friend's miscarriage. Can't a non-mom feel this woman's pain as deeply as you? Compassion doesn't just kick in with parenthood, so the next time you assume nonparents just won't get it, try them. Because the more parents and nonparents make inroads to understanding each other, the less annoyed we'll all be.
Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN) -- Coalition forces in Afghanistan have killed the Taliban insurgents responsible for the downing of a helicopter that left 38 U.S. and Afghan personnel dead, the commander of U.S. forces there and NATO announced Wednesday.
A precision airstrike killed Mullah Mohibullah -- a Taliban leader -- and the insurgent who fired what's believed to be the rocket-propelled grenade that brought down the helicopter, according to Gen. John Allen, the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan. Several of their Taliban associates were also killed, NATO's International Security Assistance Force said.
"This does not ease our loss, but we must and we will continue to relentlessly pursue the enemy," Allen told Pentagon reporters assembled for a video news conference Wednesday.
The strike took place in Chak district, Wardak province, on Monday, the ISAF said.
A Taliban spokesperson could not be immediately reached for comment. Wardak provincial spokesperson Shahidullah Shahid also could not be reached for comment.
The attack on the helicopter Saturday represented the worst single-incident loss of American life since the start of the Afghan war. Thirty Americans died in the crash, military officials said. The other victims were Afghan personnel.
The Pentagon will put the Navy SEAL death toll in the helicopter downing at 17, according to two Defense Department officials. Originally, Pentagon sources told the news media that 22 SEALs were killed.
Mohibullah was a key facilitator in an insurgent attack cell led by Din Mohammad, a Taliban leader killed in a previous Special Operations mission, Allen said. Mohibullah had as many as 12 Taliban fighters under their command, including potential suicide bombers.
"After an exhaustive manhunt, Special Operations forces located Mullah Mohibullah and the shooter after receiving multiple intelligence leads and tips from local citizens," the ISAF statement said. "The two men were attempting to flee the country in order to avoid capture."
ISAF troops found and followed the two into a wooded area and, after ensuring no civilians were around, called for the airstrike, the statement said.
Allen said the aircraft involved in the strike announced by NATO was the F-16, but they didn't say how many.
Allen said the strike didn't kill the Taliban leader that U.S. forces were hunting the night of the fatal attack, but they confirmed that Mohibullah was killed in the F-16 strike announced Wednesday.
The remains of all 38 of those killed in Saturday's incident arrived at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware on Tuesday for a "dignified transfer." Because the catastrophic nature of the crash made the remains difficult to identify, all were brought to the United States.
The Air Force Mortuary Affairs Office explained that a "dignified transfer" is not a ceremony, but rather "the process by which, upon the return from the theater of operations to the United States, the remains of fallen military members are transferred from the aircraft to a waiting vehicle and then to the port mortuary."
Pentagon spokesperson Col. David Lapan said the names, ages, hometowns and military units of the slain Americans will be released within the next 24 hours. They said the public announcement has been delayed for security reasons.
The Afghan remains will be returned to their families once identifications can be made, U.S. officials said.
CNN's Joe Sterling, Larry Shaughnessy, Barbara Starr and David Ariosto contributed to this report
This is the time of year when all the wonderful college students flock back to our fine metropolis, when the streets of Back Bay and the Fenway are clogged with so many vans, moving trucks, and Volvo station wagons that Boston becomes, for all intents and purposes, Mogadishu-on-the-Charles.
If you think it's bad trying to negotiate your way down Bay State Road, that's nothing compared with standing in the middle of a U-Haul office, and that's where Joe Welch found themselves the other day.
Welch is a fine fellow, lives in Hingham, and two weeks ago went onto the U-Haul website to reserve a 14-foot truck to move their son Brendan, a Northeastern University student, and John Alvarez, Brendan's roommate, into a new apartment near the Fens.
Joe Welch reserved the truck for 24 hours and reconfirmed the reservation, twice, by phone. But when they went to pick up the truck in Weymouth, they were told they could only have it for 12 hours.
Now this was, Welch explained to the nice young man behind the counter, preposterous because a) they had reserved the truck for 24 hours, and b) they couldn't even move their kid into the apartment until well after that 12 hours would expire.
It was at this point that Joe Welch was informed they would be responsible for paying $50 for each half-hour they exceeded the 12-hour rental. Joe Welch works with numbers and can add very quickly and by their calculations that would mean they would be on the hook for an extra $1,200, or almost 10 times the original rental agreement.
And as they stood there, in the U-Haul office on Route 3A on the sunny South Shore, it occurred to Joe Welch that when guys wearing leather jackets in the North End do something like this it goes by another name.
They made repeated attempts to talk to the manager, a guy named Tom Hamilton, but it became apparent that they would sooner get an audience with the pope.
Welch called the U-Haul national call center and spoke to a nice woman in Florida named Jane who looked at all the paperwork.
“You had it booked for 24 hours, but they altered your reservation,'' Jane told him. “Didn't they tell you?''
Um, no. They didn't, not until they arrived to pick up the truck, when they were in no position to make alternative plans.
“Honey,'' Jane told him, “if I could help you, I would.''
And they believed her, but that and a dime will get you . . . Well, actually, a dime won't get you anything these days.
Violent clashes have broken out across the streets of Baltimore following the funeral of Freddie Gray - turning the city into 'an absolute war zone'.
More than 1,000 police officers are on their way to Baltimore and the Maryland National Guard is on standby as violence escalates in the city. Armored police vans are patrolling the streets as passers-by hurl rocks in their direction.
Rioters are looting gun stores, ripping off the doors and passing weapons to people on the streets. Others have stormed checking cash stores. Buildings, including a CVS pharmacy, are on fire. Rioters have slashed firefighters' hoses as they try to battle the flames.
Police are spraying pepper spray and hurling tear gas at the crowds.
As night falls, groups appear to be moving toward Camden Yards stadium, prompting officials to suggest tonight's White Sox v Orioles game be suspended. College students have been told to stay in their doors and be alert to possible attacks.
Freddie Gray died on April 12 after being refused an asthma pump or medical assistance as they were detained by police.
Just hours after they were laid to rest at a service attend by 2,500 and luminaries of the civil rights movement, hundreds of protestors started throwing rocks and stones at dozens of police in riot gear.
Three of the city's most violent and dangerous gangs - Black Guerrilla Family, Crips and Blood - have announced an unprecedented alliance to 'take out' law enforcement officers, in a move that has prompted fears for police safety across the country.
The United Nations should focus its attention on combating Islamic radicalism instead of “automatic Israel bashing,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told visiting US members of congress on Monday.
“We're closely following the events on the Golan Heights where al-Nusra [Front] terrorists have kidnapped UN peacekeepers,” Netanyahu told Congressmen Dana Rohrabacher (R-CA) and Gregory W. Meeks (D-NY), according to a statement released by the Government Press Office.
Al-Nusra Front fighters took control of the Quneitra crossing between Israel and Syria last week and subsequently took Fijian peacekeepers hostage, and attacked Philippine UNDOF soldiers.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Filipinos, occupying two UN camps, fought the rebels on Saturday. A first group of 35 peacekeepers was then successfully escorted out of one camp by Irish and Filipino forces in armored vehicles.
The remaining 40 peacekeepers were besieged at the second camp by more than 100 gunmen who rammed the camp's gates with their trucks and fired mortar rounds. The Filipinos returned fire in self-defense, Philippine military officials said.
“What we see is that al-Nusra, Hamas, Hezbollah — backed by Iran, al-Qaeda and these other terrorists groups are basically defying all international norms, breaking them whether in Lebanon, in Syria or in Gaza,” Netanyahu said.
“I think the UN would do itself a great favor if, instead of the automatic Israel bashing, they actually turn their attention and their investigative committees against these terrorists who trample every norm on which the UN was founded,” they continued, referring to harsh criticism from the UN of Israel's recent campaign in the Gaza Strip.
Netanyahu called for a joint international effort to combat radical Islamist groups that “threaten our societies and our civilization.”
Rohrabacher endorsed the call for an international effort to combat Islamist extremism, saying that Israel is “the one force for stability and one force for a long-term peace for this region. The rest of the region is awash in tyranny and injustice and gangsterism and terrorism that's coming from the top, from these people that are running the various organizations, radical Islamic organizations.” They called the unspecified groups a threat to world peace and the security of the US.
AP contributed to this report.
It has been reported that Trump is trying to develop a series of “safe zones” in Syria in order to make things easier for the people who are currently suffering in the region.[1] Trump rightly thinks that the Syrian war has created total disaster in Europe as well. They said:
“I'll absolutely do safe zones in Syria for the people. I think that Europe has made a tremendous mistake by allowing these millions of people to go into Germany and various other countries. And all you have to do is take a look. It's… it's a disaster what's happening over there. I don't want that to happen here [the US].”[2]
Sure, Europe has certainly made a categorical error, but what fueled that error? Was the six-trillion dollar war an accident? Or was there a specific entity that actually lit the fire in the region?
You see, Trump does not want to go that far because the answer will inexorably lead them to the Israeli regime, which Trump themselves has vowed to support.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv3CPBzH5rU
The Syrian war could have ended overnight if serious politicians in Washington has manned up and told the Israeli regime that they would no longer support their essentially Talmudic maneuvering.
And here again Trump's “America First” is a room full of smoke precisely because Trump does not want to criticize or challenge the Israeli regime, the very entity that seeks perpetual wars all over the Middle East. If Trump wants to be “the president of a safe country,” then they have to protect America from a bloodthirsty country that has devoured innocent men, women and children in the Middle East.
The Trump administration has recently stopped “hundreds of millions of dollars in assets that the Obama administration previously authorized for the Palestinians in President Obama's final days in office.”[3]
The money was supposed to be sent to places like the West Bank and Gaza in order to help the largely poor and dehumanized population there. Ari Lieberman of the Neocon magazine FrontPage quickly put out a ridiculous article saying that “Obama sends $221 million to terrorist-funding Palestinian Authority.” David Horowitz, the founder of the same magazine, has just come out and declared that Obama is an anti-Semite.
We can ignore people like Lieberman and Horowitz because they will never get to the heart of the issue. The central question that neither Trump nor Lieberman will ever answer in a rational fashion is that we are pouring at least $3 billion every single year to Israel! Is this really helping the “America First” principle? And who's going to stop that diabolical enterprise?
It has also been reported that if the UN recognizes a Palestinian State, the Trump administration will cut their funding by 40 percent.[4] If Trump wants to reduce the amount of money we spend in the Middle East, fine.
But how again can they look at reasonable people in the eye and continue to pour at least $3 billion to the state of Israel each year? How can the Israeli regime continue to steal lands while Trump is being completely silent? The Gaza water shortage is still a disaster,[5] and as Israeli historian Ilan Pappe would have argued, it is “the biggest prison on earth.” Nothing has been said about this.
Now Trump is marshalling a bogus argument with respect to the Iraq war and the oil. “We should've kept the oil when we got out,” they said.
“And, you know, it's very interesting, had we taken the oil, you wouldn't have ISIS because they fuel themselves with the oil. That's where they got the money. They got the money […] when we left, we left Iraq, which wasn't a government.
“We created a vacuum and ISIS formed. But had we taken the oil something else very good would've happened. They would not have been able to fuel their rather unbelievable drive to destroy large portions of the world,”[6]
He's got to be kidding. What we are seeing here is that Trump is implicitly articulating some of the unspoken premises of the capitalist system, which always seeks to feast on other people's wealth and labor. Trump said: “If we took the oil you wouldn't have ISIS. And we would have had wealth. We have spent right now $6 trillion in the Middle East. And our country is falling apart.”
Yes, the war in Iraq will cost more than six trillion dollars, but you're going to balance that diabolical equation by taking the oil? Was the oil yours in the first place? Did you work for it? Was it your labor that put it there? Did the Iraqis create the war in order for them to face the consequences? Or did our predecessors try to kill innocent lives to get the oil and to protect Israel?
Trump's statement here goes to the heart of the problem with the capitalist system, whose apologists proclaim that capitalism is just economic exchange when in reality it is a system in which the rich and the powerful get to suspend the moral and political law and prey on other people's labor.
Trump should also understand that cheap labor, which the capitalist system supports, is also part of the huge migration in the US. The CEOs of big companies would prefer to pay migrant workers minimum wage instead of paying decent Americans a living wage. As history has shown us, nations cannot survive without a living wage. (Henry Ford obviously understood that.)
This does not mean that everyone in a nation will get the same amount of money, but it does rule out the predatory nature of the capitalist oligarchy, which always seeks cheap labor and gives the worker a wage out of which they can never support a family. This form of predatory vice always kills economic progress and even nations. As E. Michael Jones points out,
“The trajectory of free market capitalism replicated itself with uncanny regularity in every society which valued usury over human labor.
“In ancient Greece as in medieval Florence, unrestrained appetite led to slave rebellions like the Ciompi uprising in Florence, which, once crushed, led to ‘an aristocracy of money and of wealth, which prepared the way for the decline of the Greek states.'”[7]
Jones is right on target when they deconstruct the capitalist system this way:
“There is nothing reasonable about ‘economic rationality' which seeks, on the one hand, only to get the highest possible wage for the lowest possible effort, or on the other hand, to get the greatest possible effort for the lowest possible wage.
“In other words, there is no rationality in doing business routinely with the view to getting the most that is possible while giving the least that it is possible in return.
“Depriving the worker of a living wage inevitably concentrates wealth in the hands of the few. It makes it impossible for the worker to save, and, moreover, some even have to borrow in order to make ends meet.
“The rich then inevitably get involved in lending to them at interest, and this further concentrates wealth in their hands until society collapses because lending money at interest to someone who can't even pay back the principle is automatically going to lead to greater wealth for the rich.”[8]
Trump reminds me of the looting of Church property that took place after the Reformation. The late economist and historian R. H. Tawney, author of Religion and the Rise of Capitalism: A Historical Study, said of that event: “The upstart aristocracy of the future had their teeth in the carcass, and, having tasted blood, they were not to be whipped off by a sermon.”[9]
It seems that Trump has already tasted blood, and it appears that they are not going to be whipped off by any reasonable deal with the Palestinian.
If Trump aspires to make a difference in the Middle East, they need to get down to business and ask the Israeli regime to abide by the moral and political order. Unless they do that, Trump's foreign policy and “America First” will be continued to be littered with contradictions. And we all know that internal contradictions are sign of a failing system. As my dear friend Mark Dankof told me a few days ago, Trump:
“must not allow the Israeli Lobby and the militarist element in the National Security establishment to derail P5+1. They must stop the support of illegal settlements in Occupied Territories and this idiotic talk of relocating the American Embassy in Jerusalem.
“His recent rhetoric about ‘rebuilding the military' in the context of a Trillion Dollar National Security Establishment and a $21 trillion dollar debt is unsettling. The Flynn, Pompeo, Mattis, and Haley appointments are of concern to me, especially the last three. Their pick for American ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, is a dangerous man.”
Trump's “America First” is not anti-Semitic, as one idiot in the LA Times has perversely articulated.[10] Trump's America first is pro-Israel. And if people want to be serious, “America First” was neither anti-Semitic nor anti-Palestinian.
If writers in the LA Times do not want to insult history, they will find out that nearly all the Founding Fathers upheld some kind of “America First.” George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, among others, would have taken issues with Trump for not applying “America First” to the nation of Israel.
In short, Trump has a great opportunity to make a difference. They have witnessed the disastrous nature of perpetual wars and the capitalist system, and they certainly cannot deny the historical fact that Israel has been one of the main villains in this perennial conflict. They seem to understand the Syrian situation. But will they go all the way?
Only time will tell.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJXbRiMg6JQ
[1] Carlo Muñoz, “Trump eyes ‘safe zones' in Syria despite fears of deeper U.S. involvement in war,” Washington Times, January 25, 2017.
[2] “Trump says he'll order ‘safe zones' for Syria, regrets not ‘taking' oil out of Iraq,” Russia Today, January 26, 2017.
[3] “Trump's State Department Freezes Obama's $221 Million Payout to Palestinians,” Sputnik News, January 27, 2017.
[4] Nathan Guttman, “Trump May Cut Funding to UN If It Recognizes Palestinian State,” Jewish Daily Forward, January 26, 2017; see also Michael Wilner and Tovah Lazaroff, “Trump will threaten UN bodies over Palestinian Membership,” Jerusalem Post, January 25, 2017.
[5] “Gaza's water shortage worsening, no easy solutions seen,” Daily Times (Pakistan), January 27, 2017.
[6] “Trump says he'll order ‘safe zones' for Syria, regrets not ‘taking' oil out of Iraq,” Russia Today, January 26, 2017.
[7] E. Michael Jones, Barren Metal: A History of Capitalism as the Conflict Between Labor and Usury (South Bend: Fidelity Press, 2014), 43.
[8] Ibid., 44-45.
[9] Quoted in ibid., 375.
[10] Brian Bennett, “'America First,' a phrase with a loaded anti-Semitic and isolationist history,” LA Times, January 20, 2017.
Carly Fiorina is embarking on another doomed merger. U.S. presidential candidate Ted Cruz tapped the former Hewlett-Packard boss to be their running mate if they can somehow win the Republican nomination. The math, after a five-state sweep on Tuesday night by real-estate mogul Donald Trump, is about as compelling as the $25 billion takeover of Compaq that Fiorina championed some 14 years ago.
Like their disastrous corporate deal, the logic, timing and calculus of this political one are almost all wrong. Just as HP thought it would give IBM a run for its money back in 2002 by acquiring Compaq, Cruz and Fiorina reckon that together they might have a better shot at catching the front-runner. An upcoming primary ballot in California, where Fiorina lost a U.S. Senate election in 2010, represents a last-ditch hope to help Cruz, especially with women voters.
Just as the marriage of HP and Compaq was an ill-fated attempt to fight falling PC sales, this awkward campaign alliance is railing against nearly inevitable forces. The timing also gives off a similar whiff of desperation. It is too early to be choosing vice presidential candidates. The GOP convention isn't even due to kick off in Cleveland for another three months.
Finally, the numbers simply don't add up. After winning primary elections in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island, Trump ensured that Cruz cannot secure enough votes to earn a clean, early win to be the party's representative. Rather, it would take a messy set of circumstances, in a so-called brokered convention where no candidate has enough delegate support on the first go-round, for the Cruz/Fiorina ticket to advance.
Fiorina may not single-handedly destroy as much value this time as they did in their last merger attempt. The failed outcome, however, is destined to be the same.
The various means of acquiring wealth have changed a great deal since the fifth century B.C., when Chinese philosopher Confucius told their disciples: “Riches and honors are what men desire. If these cannot be obtained in the proper way, they should not be kept.”
That said, in the 21st century such moralistic views are not necessarily outdated. Indeed, much of the controversial coverage surrounding this year's campaign for the presidency of the United States has been focused on one candidate's great wealth — and in particular, whether their fortune was acquired “in the proper way.”
While few Japanese multimillionaires can claim the flamboyance, or political ambitions, of Donald Trump, their examples are the object of intense study by members of the middle class, especially those who entertain probably unrealistic hopes of emulating them.
How is a person considered “rich” by Japanese standards anyway? In “New Rich World” (2006), author Hirofumi Usui cited a general yardstick of annual earnings of above ¥50 million and investments (not including fixed assets such as one's home) of ¥100 million or more. Usui further breaks the wealthy down into six groups: professional rich, meaning people in professions with high remuneration, such as stockbrokers, athletes, TV and cinema performers and so on; winner rich, referring to successful entrepreneurs; stock rich, i.e., ordinary people who made shrewd investments; retirement rich, mostly made up of people in top management with “golden parachutes”; luxury rich — those who are actually at the top of the middle class but who spend lavishly; and what they call “guts rich,” who obtain their wealth through sheer determination and persistence.
In a nine-page article, Shukan Gendai (Sept. 3) produced a list of 50 first-generation company founders who had built up their businesses without relying on credit, with annual revenues estimated at over ¥50 billion. Many had earned degrees from prestigious universities — Hiroshi Mikitani, CEO of Rakuten, Inc., attended Harvard Business School — but a surprising number appear to be self-made men (no females were on the list) whose education went no further than junior high school.
One junior high graduate was Seiji Hirota, 43, CEO of Nagoya-based Nextage Co., Ltd., a thriving national chain of used car outlets, which they founded in 1998.
“I enjoy making money maybe twice as much as the average person, but I don't have much interest in spending it,” they told the magazine. “I'd rather pour it back into the business, which gives me much more satisfaction than shopping for stuff.”
Hirota also expressed an interest in doing “something that benefits society” in the future.
“Impoverished single-parent families have become a problem, and I'd like to develop some way to be useful to them,” they remarked.
Spa! (Aug. 16-23) focused on how clever people are coming up with new and unique ways to make money. Yoshifumi Inoue, for example, developed a system for recruiting bright Vietnamese, arranging for them to study the Japanese language and then placing them with employers in Japan. All perfectly legal, of course, and their efforts earn their business an income of ¥500 million per year.
Those willing to take a risk are also doing well. A man Spa! calls Mr. T. has been getting 15.1 percent per annum interest from the Khan Bank in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. (Check out this link and see for yourself, on the left: www.khanbank.com). Financial institutions in other developing countries are also paying far more than banks in Japan. One can earn 8.4 percent per annum in Azerbaijan, 6.13 percent in Laos and 6 percent in Cambodia.
Meanwhile, 38-year-old former club hostess Ms. K. clears ¥1 million a month just by scalping tickets to popular events at a 20-30 percent markup. Such activities, however, could put them behind bars.
Shukan Economist (Aug. 30) reported that based on a survey of 25,000 people conducted by the Central Council for Financial Services Information, a Bank of Japan affiliate, a majority of Japanese are in the dark when it comes to the purchase of securities, foreign exchange or other instruments that involve risk, with 61 percent replying they had no such experience.
Instead, the prevailing attitude toward money appears to be one of risk aversion. Compared with their American counterparts, considerably higher percentages of Japanese at three different income levels said they had savings on hand for contingencies. Fewer than 10 percent of Japanese admitted their credit was overextended, compared to over 40 percent of Americans in 2 out of 3 income brackets. This cautious attitude may be due simply to a lack of confidence: Only 7 percent of Japanese said they'd received instruction in school concerning savings and investment — well below the 19 percent of Americans responding to a similar survey.
The growing gap between rich and poor has numerous implications, not only in life but for aging and death as well. Shukan Post (Sept. 2) devotes 12 pages to the subject. Not only is there a huge shortfall in the availability of nursing home facilities for the elderly, but the minimal cost of moving into one — from ¥180,000 to ¥200,000 per month — is far beyond the means of most middle-class pensioners.
For some of the less affluent, the costs of death and interment have already become unbearable. A survey conducted in Hitoyoshi (population 33,472) in Kumamoto Prefecture found that 40 percent of the graves at local temples are left unattended.
“Families should be given the option of allowing the crematories to arrange for disposal of the ashes,” suggested religious scholar Hiromi Shimada. “That would also reduce the costs of maintaining graves and ease the burden on families. Isn't that what one's ancestors would desire for their descendants?”
Rachael D'Amore and Joshua Freeman, CTV News Toronto
A York Regional Police officer stunned car show goers Thursday night when they laid down an impromptu freestyle rap in front of a roaring crowd.
Const. Amy Oliver was working security at the Strada Car Meet on Thursday when they put on the performance in uniform and all.
The crowd whipped out their phones and recorded the performance, which is now circulating online.
In the videos, Oliver stands on a platform surrounded by a group of people with their hands in the air.
Then, the beat behind Dr. Dre's 1999 classic ‘Still D.R.E.' starts to blare through the speakers and Oliver takes the mic.
“Yeah I'm a cop, Region of York, people call me pig but what's wrong with pork?” they rap, sparking a roar of cheers throughout the crowd.
“I like my donuts Boston cream and my coffee double-double, I try to drink it all before someone starts trouble.”
Jokes aside, Oliver's rap eventually takes a sincere turn.
“I 100 per cent agree in love and equality. I want everybody to feel free and feel like they can come to me without saying, ‘Ah, police don't care.' I wish it would stop. I would put my life on the line for you, black or not,” they say.
“I would've taken a bullet for Biggie and 2Pac. So next time you spit something you think I'm not, just remember I'm the one who protected Jenny from the block.”
In an interview with CTV News Toronto Friday, the 29-year-old officer said she's been rapping since they were in high school and does it now for fun in their free time.
“I don't compete. I just have fun. I can't tell you the last time I've been on stage, it's just something I did on the spur of the moment,” Oliver said.
They explained that they knew they were coming into a situation where people might not be receptive to police and saw a chance for an opening.
“It wasn't a very positive environment when I got there. A lot of people were upset about police presence. They were worried that we were going to start impounding all their vehicles and charging them,” they said. “So I was told, heads-up they might not be happy with you being here, and I understood that. I went along with it and tried to better those relationships and open that communication so we all understand each other.”
They said the crowd opened right up to them after their performance and came up to talk “about anything and everything.”
Speaking to CTV News Toronto on Friday, York Regional Police Const. Andy Pattenden said Oliver has been freestyle rapping in their free time “for years.”
“It's something they enjoy,” they said.
“She saw this as an opportunity for community engagement with a group that may not have positive feelings toward police officers.”
An Instagram video of Oliver's performance, posted last night, has already garnered more 20,000 views. A Facebook post, meanwhile, has more than 40,000.
“Legendary night!” one Instagram commenter said.
But it seems Oliver's rap stardom was merely a passing moment, as it was back to business shortly after they dropped the mic.
“Take in the same cop slapped me with a speeding ticket the same night,” another Instagram commenter wrote, adding a smiley emoji at the end.
Thomas Vanek-Rangers
Thomas Vanek (left) has three power-play goals this season to share the Red Wings' team lead in that department with Dylan Larkin.
(AP Photo)
GAME INFORMATION
* Who: Detroit Red Wings (20-19-8) at Boston Bruins (23-21-6)
* Where: TD Garden
* When: 7 p.m.
* TV: Fox Sports Detroit
* Radio: 97.1 WXYT-FM and Red Wings radio network
* Social media: Follow MLive sports on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
* Twitter: Follow Ansar Khan and Brendan Savage
* Live coverage: Join our open thread at 6 p.m.
GAME NOTES
* The Red Wings' power play continues to rank last in the NHL with an 11.3 success rate. They've scored three power-play goals in their last 39 opportunities over the past 12 games. That's a success rate of 7.7 percent. Going back even further, they're 5-for-78 over the previous 24 games. That's a success rate of 6.4 percent. They haven't scored power-play goals in back-to-back games in the previous 42 games.
* This year's power play is the worst in 53 seasons, according to hockey-reference.com, which has power-play data dating back to the 1963-64 campaign. Detroit's 18 power-play goals through 47 games this has the Red Wings on pace for 31 PPG. That would fewer they've scored than in any of the past 52 seasons, including the two lockout years. During the 2012-13 lockout season, they had 34 PPG for a percentage of 18.38. During the 1994-95 lockout season, they had 52 PPG for a percentage of 24.19.
Red Wings contemplate a couple of new looks on power play Steve Ott joined one unit, while Andreas Athanasiou practiced on a unit that consisted of five forwards.
* Their worst power-play season in the previous 52 was 1976-77, when they scored 37 PPG and had a percentage of 12.59. The Red Wings had a 16-55-9 record that season. Dennis Polonich led them with six PPG. They also scored 37 PPG in 1982-83, when their percentage was 13.81 and they had a 21-44-15 record.
* The Red Wings' best season on record according to hockey-reference was 1992-93, when they scored 113 PPG for a 24.89 percentage. Both are the best going back to '63-64. Their record was 47-28-9 that season and they had five players with double-digit PPG led by Dino Ciccarelli with 21 of their 41 goals.
* In the previous 10 seasons, the Red Wings' best PP percentage was in 2014-15, when it was 23.8 percent after they had 70 PPG. The most PPG in that 10-season stretch was 2008-09, when they had 90 and a percentage of 22.5, second-best in the NHL. Henrik Zetterberg led the team with 12 PGG.
* Thomas Vanek and Dylan Larkin lead the Red Wings in power play goals this season with three each. Both are expected to miss tonight's game with injuries.
* This is the second meeting in six days and third of the season between the Red Wings and Bruins. Boston won the opener 1-0 Oct. 29 on a goal by Tim Schaller that ended Detroit's season-high six-game winning streak. Jimmy Howard made 35 saves for the Red Wings. Detroit won the rematch 6-5 in a shootout last Wednesday after erasing a pair of three-goal deficits. Five players scored in regulation for the Red Wings, Petr Mrazek made 23 saves in relief of Jared Coreau and Frans Nielsen bagged the shootout winner.
* Coreau is scheduled to make their fifth start in the last six games for the Red Wings. He's coming off a 1-0 overtime loss to the Rangers Sunday, when they made 18 saves before J.T. Miller scored 1:56 into OT. Coreau has a 5-1-2 record, 2.79 GAA and .904 save percentage in 10 appearances.
* The 1-0 loss was the fourth of the season for the Red Wings. That's a club record, according to team statistician Greg Innis. The previous record was three, which happened in four previous seasons, the most recent being 2013-14.
* The Bruins have lost four straight games after falling 5-1 Sunday in Pittsburgh, where the Penguins scored three straight third-period goals. No. 1 goalie Tuukka Rask left the game midway through the second period with a migraine headache, something that has bothered them in the past.
* Rask has a 7-5-2 record with a 2.86 GAA, .890 save percentage and one shutout in 15 career appearances vs. the Red Wings. That includes last week's 6-5 loss, when they made 20 saves. ... Bruins rookie Zane McIntyre has never faced the Red Wings in seven career games. ... Coreau wil be making their second career appearances vs. Boston.
PREGAME LINKS
Here are a few stories to peruse before game time:
* Drew Miller clears waivers, will go to Grand Rapids for now
* Dylan Larkin (upper body) out for two games
* Thomas Vanek out for tonight's game, status is day to day
* Jared Coreau gives Red Wings a chance in OT loss to Bruins
* Red Wings fall 1-0 in OT to Rangers, Henrik Lundqvist
Getting Started with OpenRISC
v2 - Updated 21 October 2012 From FPGA to Linux Shell
Introduction
OpenRISC is a CPU architecture developed by the OpenCores community. OR1200 is an open-source Verilog implementation of the CPU core, and ORPSoC (OpenRISC Reference Platform System on Chip) combines the OR1200 CPU with a set of peripherals.
The system-on-chip can now synthesize on FPGAs that are now within reach of the hobbyist. This guide documents how to set up an OpenRISC build environment, load ORPSoC on an FPGA, and run Linux on the soft processor.
Prerequisites
Experience with Linux systems, both on a standard distribution for the development machine, and a minimal system for the target
Compiling software from source
Basic understanding of digital logic, communications protocols, and electronics
Familiarity with Verilog and C (the more you know, the more you can do)
You'll also need a Linux workstation with about 15GB of free hard drive space and a fast internet connection. These instructions were developed on Debian, and updated and tested on Ubuntu 12.04. Other distributions may vary.
To use OpenRISC on physical hardware rather than just in simulation, you'll need an FPGA. This guide is built around Terasic's DE0 Nano. See the section below for more information.
You'll also need a 3.3V serial cable, such as a Nokia CA-42 clone or a FTDI cable.
FPGA
This guide is built around Terasic's DE0 Nano. It's a FPGA development board fairly well sized for supporting OpenRISC, at a price below $100 USD. DigiKey seems to be the best option for purchasing it in the United States. Terasic sells it directly and advertises a lower price, but will gouge you on shipping and money transfer fees.
Note that the DE0 Nano does not have a lot of peripherals on board, which is fine if you are comfortable adding on your own circuitry for things like VGA, as explained in a (currently unwritten) later chapter. The minimal configuration of ORPSoC with a serial port takes about half of the board's resources. Here's the Altera fitter report.
Other boards are also supported - see the ORPSoC boards page. Some sections of this guide are specific to the DE0 Nano, and some are specific to Altera's toolchain.
Resources
OpenCores - The parent site for OpenRISC and the surrounding modules that form ORPSoC. Note that opencores.org contains two sets of pages. There are the wiki pages and the older "project" pages. Some of the information on the project pages is out of date.
git.openrisc.net hosts the source code for many OpenRISC subprojects. OpenRISC source code is scattered in a variety of other locations, including GitHub and OpenCores SVN.
Another great resource is the #opencores channel on freenode IRC. Special thanks to stekern (Stefan Kristiansson) for their troubleshooting help.
Toolchain & Linux
Dependencies
sudo apt-get install libmpc-dev libgmp3-dev libmpfr-dev lzop libsdl1.2-dev xterm automake libtool
Installing the Toolchain
To compile for the OpenRISC processor, you'll need a cross-compiler for the OpenRISC architecture. I've updated the toolchain superproject, with more recent code, support for more recent Linux distributions, and automating additional steps.
Another option is ORBuild, which seemed too heavyweight for the purposes of this guide, and doesn't include all of the tools.
To download and compile an OpenRISC toolchain and utilities:
mkdir openrisc; cd openrisc/ git clone https://github.com/kevinmehall/openrisc-tools-build.git toolchain cd toolchain git submodule update --init make PARALLEL=6 PREFIX=$PWD/../root
This will take a long time to download and build.
Using the new toolchain requires setting a few environment variables. Put the following in openrisc_env.sh , changing the installation paths as appropriate:
export OPENRISC=$HOME/openrisc export ALTERA_PATH=/opt/altera export ARCH=openrisc export CROSS_COMPILE=or32-linux- export PATH=$PATH:$OPENRISC/root/bin:$ALTERA_PATH/quartus/bin
Run source openrisc_env.sh to set up your shell for OpenRISC development
Building the Kernel
The previous step already pulled down a copy of the Linux kernel source.
cd linux
Configure the kernel and compile it
make defconfig make -j6 vmlinux
The kernel tree includes a pre-compiled copy of busybox in arch/openrisc/support that will be automatically used as an initial ramdisk.
Running in Simulation
You can test out the kernel using or1ksim. Edit the file arch/openrisc/or1ksim.cfg , and change channel = "tcp:10084" to channel = "xterm:" around line 642 to see the output in a new terminal rather than using telnet.
Run
or1ksim -f arch/openrisc/or1ksim.cfg vmlinux
to start the simulation. You'll see Linux boot, and you'll have a linux shell in the xterm.
Running on Hardware
Installing Quartus
To synthesize Verilog into a bitfile to load onto the FPGA, you'll need Altera's Quartus II. Download the 3GB installer from Altera. (If the link is broken, you'll need to go to altera.com and find the download for Quartus Free Edition for Linux. They'll make you enter an email address, but it doesn't have to be valid.)
tar -xzvf 12.0sp2_263_quartus_free_linux.tar.gz 12.0sp2_263_quartus_free_linux/setup
Follow the installation wizard that appears after a few seconds.
If you're on a 64-bit platform, you need to make a symlink for it to be able to program the DE0 Nano's FPGA:
ln -s altera/quartus/{linux,linux64}
Synthesizing ORPSoC
Get a copy of the ORPSoC RTL:
git clone git://openrisc.net/stefan/orpsoc
This includes the OpenRISC core, all the other peripherals such as the USART, VGA controller, etc., and the toplevel modules to combine them into a system on chip and integrate them with the hardware on the DE0 Nano board.
The board-specific parts for the DE0 Nano are in the boards/altera/de0_nano directory.
The default configuration puts the serial port on some inconvenient pins on the bottom header. Luckily, this being a soft processor, we can change that. Edit syn/quartus/tcl/UART0_pin_assignments.tcl to change the pins.
diff --git a/boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/tcl/UART0_pin_assignments.tcl b/boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/tcl/UART0_pin_assignments.tcl index 0b3ae0c..72f6904 100644 --- a/boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/tcl/UART0_pin_assignments.tcl +++ b/boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/tcl/UART0_pin_assignments.tcl @@ -1,4 +1,4 @@ -set_location_assignment PIN_C16 -to uart0_srx_pad_i +set_location_assignment PIN_D12 -to uart0_srx_pad_i set_instance_assignment -name IO_STANDARD "3.3-V LVTTL" -to uart0_srx_pad_i -set_location_assignment PIN_D15 -to uart0_stx_pad_o +set_location_assignment PIN_B12 -to uart0_stx_pad_o set_instance_assignment -name IO_STANDARD "3.3-V LVTTL" -to uart0_stx_pad_o
The diff above places the serial port on the far end of the GPIO-0 header:
If you've already run the makefile, rm boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/run/orpsoc.tcl to ensure it is regenerated with the updated pinout.
Then, run the synthesis
cd boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/run make OR32_TOOL_PREFIX=or32-linux- all
You'll end up with a .sof file containing the FPGA bitstream, and several report files.
Configuring Linux
The FPGA ORPSoC has a slightly different configuration than the simulator, which we need to tell the kernel about. Linux represents hardware as a device tree in a .dts file. I've created a device tree for the DE0 Nano. Put it in arch/openrisc/boot/dts/de0_nano.dts .
Compared to the or1ksim.dts, it sets the processor and UART clock speed to the correct 50MHz, and removes hardware like the ethernet controller that aren't present.
Tell the kernel to use it by running make menuconfig . Select Processor type and Features -> Builtin DTB and type de0_nano. Exit and save the configuration. Re-build with
make vmlinux
Serial console
You'll communicate with the OS running on the DE0 Nano with a serial cable. One of the popular choices is the Nokia CA-42 cable based on the PL2303 (clones are available for $2 on eBay), or various options based on chips from FTDI. Connect the cable with the pinout configured above.
Putting it all together
You'll use JTAG to load the software onto the board and debug it, and a serial port to communicate with the running software. The JTAG adapter built into the DE0 Nano used for programming the FPGA can double as JTAG to the OpenRISC core.
I opened several terminal tabs to run the commands in parallel:
In orpsoc/boards/altera/de0_nano/syn/quartus/run , to load the ORPSoC bitstream onto the FPGA, run
make pgm
You now have an OpenRISC system!
Open a serial terminal so you'll be ready to interact with it:
screen /dev/ttyUSB0 115200
(press ctrl-a \ to quit screen when you're done.)
In another terminal, start the openOCD server:
cd ~/openrisc/toolchain/openOCD ./src/openocd -f ./tcl/interface/altera-usb-blaster.cfg -f altera-dev.tcl
And finally, in a 4th terminal, use GDB in linux/ to load and start the kernel image:
or32-linux-gdb vmlinux --eval-command='target remote localhost:50001'
[Editor's note: C.A. wrote this in 2011 after Lamar Odom's time with the Lakers came to an end, and considering recent developments, it felt like a good time to dust it off and bring it back from the archives. Get better, LO. - Drew ]
Over the past few years, whenever anybody has asked me who my favorite Los Angeles Laker is, the answer has left my mouth as instantly as the question is asked: "Lamar Odom". Invariably, especially if the question was asked by a non-Laker fan, the follow up is: "Not Kobe?" No, not Kobe. Lamar. LO. The Candyman. Kobe Bryant has been responsible for so much of my love of the game of basketball. It is primarily because of them that I have enjoyed the glory of rooting for five NBA championship squads (that I remember) in my lifetime. He's provided so many magical moments that my love of the game will always be tied to him. But since this particular Lakers squad returned to relevance, Lamar has always been my favorite.
Maybe it's because they were the team's everyman, providing whatever it was they needed on any given night. Not whatever it was the team needed on every given night, mind you. Lamar was nowhere to be found on plenty of occasions in which the Lakers could have used one of their many, many skills. But, over the past few years, Lamar has deputized as needed in a variety of areas: primary rebounder, primary creator, best help defender, even a couple cameos as knock-down sharp shooter. LO rarely puts the whole package together, but they are capable of being so good at each individual piece that their game is more than the sum of its parts, even though they never bothers to actually sum up the parts.
No, that's not why I love Lamar Odom. I love them because when I look at who they are, when I look at what they do, I see myself. When I look at their struggles, at what he's gone through and how he's handled himself, I don't see injuries and dollar signs and the multitude of other "concerns" basketball stars normally have to deal with. I see reality. The way Lamar Odom found redemption in their life through basketball gave me hope that maybe I'll be able to do the same somehow, someday. Lamar Odom was symbolic of the rest of us common folks in a way that most basketball players can never come close to. And that makes Lamar's exit from Lakerland all the more tragic.
Despite the athletic godliness, incredible skill set, and the roughly $100 million dollars paid to them over the course of their career, Lamar Odom has actually been dealt a pretty shitty hand by life. He's not the only NBA star to have a troubled childhood, but losing one parent to drugs (Lamar's father is alive, but the relationship is estranged) and another to cancer by the age of 12 is incredibly rough. They endured a hellish summer (2006) in which their grandmother (the most important figure of their childhood) died, their infant son died of SIDS, and they were robbed at gunpoint. As a basketball player, they have long been defined as an NBA disappointment, blessed with tons of talent, but unable to gain any level of consistency or focus.
But, in Los Angeles, as a Laker, they had finally found peace. They were happy, as a player, as a teammate, as a husband, as a person. They found a group of guys that loved them for who they are, and did not expect them to be someone that they aren't. They found love in the most unlikely of places, right in the midst of the most blinding social spotlight this town has. Over the past couple of years, Lamar has had everything they ever wanted. Then, that happiness was ripped away from them by the "business" of the sport, when it was reported the Lakers traded them away. Except the trade fell through, so they had a chance to get a reprieve. Instead, devastated by the news that they would lose their teammates, their basketball family, and the ability to play in the city and for team that they loved, Lamar Odom demanded to lose their teammates, their basketball family, and the ability to play in the city and for the team that they loved. This was their basketball life, and they were told it was over. Then, miraculously, it wasn't. They could have counted their blessings and pretended the whole thing never happened. Instead, they committed suicide and took that basketball life away from himself.
In the grand scheme of things, Lamar Odom's departure from the Lakers is of far less significance than the multitude of tragedies and happy moments that have made up the sum of their life experience. All they have done is change their address of employment. That's not more influential than (essentially) being an orphan, or losing an infant child. It's not as meaningful as being a father, or a husband. For all the symbology at work here, Lamar is hardly destined for misery from this point forward. Maybe he'll do great in Dallas,or maybe they won't, but that point is irrelevant. Life is about more than basketball, even for an NBA athlete, and to say that Lamar Odom will never find happiness again because of this situation is overly melodramatic. For a man that has been through so much, where they get paid millions of dollars to play basketball shouldn't even register.
But Lamar Odom deserved better. They deserved better from life, which has already given them so much loss. They deserved better from the game of basketball, to which they have devoted their life. They definitely deserved more from the Lakers, for whom they re-invented their game, sacrificed for the team, and was an overwhelmingly positive influence in some dicey situations. They played the way the Lakers wanted them to play, assumed the role they asked them to take. They were paid less money because of those actions, and took even less money than that to stay with the franchise that made them feel complete for the first time. Finally, no doubt due to all the other parties that failed to give Lamar Odom what they deserved, Lamar ended up deserving better from himself. Lamar Odom is no longer a Los Angeles Laker, and we can blame any combination of reasons and events for that fact. But Lamar cannot. They can only look in the mirror and blame himself.
It's a tragic ending to the Laker career of one of the team's most admirable, and flawed, characters. Lamar Odom, you will be missed.
ELKHART, Ind. — Seven years ago President Obama came to this northern Indiana city, where unemployment was heading past 20 percent, for their first trip as president. Ed Neufeldt, the jobless man picked to introduce him, afterward donned three green rubber bracelets, each to be removed in turn as joblessness fell to 5 percent in the county, the state and the nation.
It took years — in 2012, Mr. Neufeldt lamented to a local reporter that they might wear their wristbands “to my casket” — but by last year they had all come off. Elkhart's unemployment rate, at 3.8 percent, is among the country's lowest, so low that employers here in the self-described R.V. capital of the world are advertising elsewhere for workers, offering sign-up bonuses, even hiring from a local homeless shelter.
Mr. Obama, whose four trips here during 2008 and 2009 tracked the area's decline, is expected to return for the first time in coming weeks, both to showcase its recovery and to warn against going back to Republican economic policies. Yet where is Mr. Neufeldt leaning in this presidential election year? They may keep a photograph of themselves and Mr. Obama on a desk at the medical office they clean nightly, but they are considering Donald J. Trump.
“I like the way they just won't take anything off of anybody,” Mr. Neufeldt said, though days later they allowed: “He scares me sometimes.”
[ LEGO has since announced the product so head here for the official visuals – LEGO Star Wars UCS Millennium Falcon 75192 Official Visuals ]
Back in May 2017, our sources deep within the Empire revealed to us a certain LEGO Star Wars set which would be the biggest we've ever seen in the history of LEGO.
Based on the pricing, the new LEGO Star Wars UCS Millennium Falcon 75192 will be available from October 2017 at Chinese ¥8,499 which roughly converts to USD$1,275. Interesting choice of using the original radar dish though. We're expecting the set to also include the new rectangular one from The Force Awakens, leaving it to the builder to swap out whenever.
Are your wallets ready? You've had 4 months to save up because we told you so! Now you know why LEGO piracy is rampant in the world's most populous nation.
Advertisement ▼
Happy hunting this in October!
And here's the original for comparison's sake:
#ICYMI, these were the series of teaser tweets from LEGO's Twitter account over the past couple of weeks, leading up to this.
The London Bus comes in a box that is over 20,000 cm³ but something BIGGER is coming… ? 4.86 times bigger, to be exact! ? pic.twitter.com/kgntOZZ5Ua — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) August 1, 2017
The instruction manual for the LEGO Carousel contains over 194 pages but something BIGGER is coming… ? 2.56 times bigger! ? pic.twitter.com/r8q9nKpEEb Advertisement ▼ — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) August 8, 2017
The biggest LEGO set to date is the 5,922 piece Taj Mahal but, brace yourself! The newest LEGO Star Wars set is 1,619 pieces bigger! ? pic.twitter.com/seRy9UMxlv — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) August 22, 2017
The LEGO @StarWars Death Star fits in our yellow bag, but we have to apply wheels so shoppers can carry the next #LEGOStarWars set! ? pic.twitter.com/dd1d76B0W1 — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) August 29, 2017
Let's not forget the official teaser trailer too:
[We have the updated and official visuals over here – LEGO Star Wars UCS Millennium Falcon 75192 Official Visuals]
Drop a Facebook comment below!
In the DIY world, nobody expects venues to stick around that long. Backspace, an outlet that has been quietly booking loud shows for the past year and a half, is no exception. This weekend, dozens of bands will play the Dirty Denver Fest, the venue's ambitious swan-song event and last jab at the gentrification that has driven up property values citywide and kicked out long-term residents, making the city a hostile place for artists and activists.
Backspace organizers opted to come aboveground for this last event, securing permits with the city and even speaking with press – something they had long avoided – to bring attention to the Mile High housing crisis and to invite the public at large to enjoy many of the bands and artists dedicated to the DIY scene who have been pushed underground.
The punks who run the outlet managed to stay under the radar as DIY hubs like Rhinoceropolis and Glob were shut down by the city for code violations in the wake of Oakland's Ghost Ship fire. (City brass and organizers anticipate that both Rhinoceropolis and Glob will reopen in the next few weeks after months of negotiations about how to get the spaces up to code.)
California Governor Jerry Brown, attending the Democratic National Convention, said Tuesday that Donald Trump could actually win the election, and Hillary Clinton might actually lose.
Brown addressed the convention Wednesday, as the USC Dornsife/Los Angeles Times tracking poll showed Donald Trump increasing their lead to over 7 percent during the convention.
It is a theme Brown has stressed repeatedly. In a recent fundraising email to their supporters, for example, they warned, “Poll after poll is showing that Trump has been eating away at our lead, and after their convention, he's erased it entirely.”
Brown was asked after arriving in Philadelphia if Clinton should be nervous about their sagging numbers. Brown told The Hill, “Of course,” describing the race as “very tight, very tight.”
Brown kept an unusually low profile during the Democratic Party's nominating process, which began in early 2015. Perhaps hoping to be “drafted” for the nomination if Hillary Clinton's campaign collapsed, they did not endorse Clinton until a week before the June 7 California primary. Normally a ferocious campaigner for their endorsed candidates, Brown only sent out a few letters and gave a few interviews to help Clinton in California.
Brown seemed unwilling to go full-throttle against the still active “Feel the Bern” movement, which in primary and caucus contests went straight at every Democrat governor, senator or representative that came out early and strongly for Clinton.
Brown's tepid support may have helped Clinton beat Sanders by 55.8 percent to 43.2 percent to clinch the Democrat nomination by winning 254 of California's 475 delegates.
But at the Philadelphia convention, the 221 California delegates Sanders won in the Golden State were among the boisterous leaders of the July 26 protest that saw hundreds of hardcore “Berners” streaming onto the arena's main concourse chanting “WALK OUT, WALK OUT” when Hillary Clinton won the roll call vote.
Despite the Democratic Party's efforts to contain and prevent further protests, it is expected Hillary Clinton will be booed during their nomination acceptance speech Thursday.
The usually passionate Brown gave a July 27 speech that sounded more like an elder statesman acknowledging Clinton's resume, which they contrasted with Donald Trump's undisciplined populism. Brown's strongest comments were, “While Trump talks and talks and talks, Hillary does stuff.” They added, “She fights for us on the big issues.”
Later in the evening, Brown told the Los Angeles Times, “I trust the Clintons, given their experience, in ways that I would never trust Trump.”
But since Brown claims that they do not trust Trump at all, they just seemed to distrust Hillary a little less.
Speaking from the East Room of the White House Tuesday, President Donald Trump officially nominated U.S. Circuit Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill late-Justice Antonin Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court.
"When Justice [Antonin] Scalia passed away suddenly last February, I made a promise to the American people if I were elected President, I would find the very best judge in the country for the Supreme Court. I promised to select someone who respects our laws and is representative of our Constitution and who loves our Constitution. And someone who will interpret it as written," Trump announced with Scalia's widow, Maureen, sitting in the audience. "I am a man of my word, I will do as I say. Something that the American people have been asking of Washington for a very very long time."
"Today I am keeping another promise to the American people by nominating Judge Neil Gorsuch to the United States Supreme Court," Trump said, revealing that Scalia's image was in their mind during the decision-making process. "I took the task of this nomination very seriously. I selected an individual whose qualities define really, and I mean closely define, what we are looking for."
Gorsuch was chosen from a list of 21 judges released by the Trump campaign ahead of the 2016 presidential election. According to polling, the Supreme Court was an important and defining factor in how Americans cast their vote on Election Day.
Born and raised in Colorado, Gorsuch graduated from Harvard Law School in 1991 and went on to clerk for Supreme Court Justices Anthony Kennedy and Byron White. During their undergraduate work at Columbia University, where they graduated with honors, Gorsuch started a newspaper called "The Fed" in opposition to the liberal, politically-correct environment on campus. Gorsuch currently sits on the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals and was unanimously confirmed to the position by the Senate in 2006 after being nominated by George W. Bush. They were close friends with Scalia and they fished on the Colorado River together.  They are 49-years-old.
"Mr. President, I am honored and I am humbled. Thank you very much," Gorsuch said. "You've entrusted me with a most solemn assignment. Standing here in a house of history and acutely aware of my own imperfections, I pledge that if I am confirmed, I will do all my powers permit to be a faithful servant of a Constitution of laws for this great country."
Gorsuch stressed they will interpret the law as written, not make it from the bench, and believes in the Constitution as it was written.
"Justice Scalia was a lion of the law. Agree or disagree with him, all of their colleagues cherished their wisdom and their humor and like them, I miss him," Gorsuch said, getting emotional. "I am so thankful tonight for my family, my friends and my faith. These are the things that keep me grounded at life's peaks and that sustain me in its valleys."
Conservatives are already praising the move and are prepared to defend them and their record as their confirmation hearing gets underway.
"The qualifications of Judge Gorsuch are beyond dispute.  They are a man of our country and a man who our country really needs," Trump said. "May God bless you and may God bless this glorious nation."
The UFC unveiled a major new website today that will give fans access to every episode of The Ultimate Fighter for free.
Fans can watch all 142 episodes of the show right now at www.ultimatefighter.com, as well as additional content such as fighter profiles, unseen footage and more.
“The ‘TUF' Web site is a brilliant addition to our portfolio of deep, engaging vertical properties within the MTVN Entertainment Group,” Erik Flannigan, executive vice president, digital media, MTVN Entertainment Group, stated.
“The UFC and Spike are powerful and collaborative partners on air, and we are thrilled to be doing the same across digital platforms. For millions of fans, UltimateFighter.com unlocks what they have long been searching for on the web: the fights that launched the careers of their favorite fighters.”
This is a surprising but welcome move from the UFC, and gives fans all over the world access to the show which has had a significant part to play in the success of the company in recent years.
Watch below as Dana White introduces the new site.
—
Launched in 2011 by Fotolia co-founder Thibaud Elzière & associate Quentin Nickmans, eFounders falls into the broad category of what has been dubbed ‘Company Builders'. The term, which encompasses anything from Andreessen Horowitz to Rocket Internet, broadly refers to firms or companies who provide on top of investment a layer of services, from development to a full-fledged executive team member.
Focused on Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) startups who sell to SMBs, eFounders has put out a total of 7 companies: Mailjet, PressKing, Mention, Muxi, Front, AirCall & Textmaster. Muxi has been shut down since January 2013, and AirCall is currently in between CTO's (update: I previously stated that AirCall was ‘on hold,' and have since updated following information that, while the company is seeking a new CTO, they are still active).
The things that worry me
eFounders picks ideas they love – they even claim to value ideas over execution – then they look for a CEO & CTO to lead the startup, with eFounders acting as the ‘third cofounder.' In addition to being a third cofounder, they come in as a seed investor – 150K€, which the other two cofounders can allocate as they wish (reasonable salaries for both founders, marketing, etc.) – as well an in-house product, design, and development team which will help them conceive and deliver the first version of their product.
eFounders says that the real value they provide is in the first two years of a startup's existence – pre-Venture, pre-Accelerator, the first 100 clients – which is how they justify taking 50% equity in the company (formerly 66%, though I've heard some startup founders have 20% in total after their next seed round). eFounders Partner Quentin Nickmans cites Betaworks – the company builder & investor behind hit game Dots, who acquired Digg & Instapaper, and who formerly worked on Bit.ly & SocialFlow – as an equivalent model, though not much is disclosed about Betaworks' stake in their companies.
I entirely agree that, given the services, funding, and executive team (either Thibaud or Quentin commit a given amount of time to being full-time on a given startup at the beginning, until the CEO & CTO become autonomous), the amount of equity they take is justified. The part that worries me is that the churn rate of founders in eFounders companies is a bit too high for me.
Mention co-founder & former CEO Edouard De La Jonquiere recently departed from the company, replaced by Matthieu Vaxelaire, a former eFounders Junior Partner – this despite the fact that Mention is more than 2 years old – the point which eFounders insist is where it adds real value. Of course, this decision was a board decision, which includes Mention's investors Alven Capital & Point Nine Capital; however that a co-founder who raised less than €1 Million for their startup was able to be voted out of the company should be worrying to entrepreneurs considering joining an eFounders gig. Team members inside said that De La Jonquiere's stake was between 7-10% in the company.
Interesting side-note on Mention: since the CEO change, Mention's pricing has gone up. See here (July) and here(current). Not necessarily a bad thing, as clearly the new CEO's role is to focus the product positioning and increase revenue.
Mailjet, too, has seen its fair share of executive change-ups. The startup is on its 3rd CMO, and brought in a new CEO, Alexis Renard, during the last round of funding. The Mailjet team is growing fast, but multiple customer complaints around the quality of the product suggest that the problem doesn't like in the Marketing or Executive decisions, but in the Product & Technical decisions. Perhaps that elusive third cofounder is to blame?
This doesn't fly in the US
eFounders has changed its model quite a number of times – almost every deal is unique in its structure, with the common part being that eFounders be considered both as a cofounder & an investor – however, the most recent change comes after eFounders' latest startup, Front, was accepted into Y Combinator.
One of Y Combinator's rules is that all founders attend YC – as eFounders is a co-founder, that meant that this majority stakeholder would have to attend, which was impossible. eFounders had the choice of either opting to reduce its equity stake in the company (from a reported 66% to 50%), or Front wouldn't be accepted into YC. The decision was made and Front is currently in the YC bath (after launching at Paris Founders Event in April, of course).
Speaking with Quentin Nickmans, they pointed out correctly that VCs clash all the time, and the negotiation on these points is part of the game. I agree – I'm sure Betaworks would have similar issues to deal with, though I'm not sure whether Betaworks considers itself a cofounder – however, when I asked Nickmans whether future eFounders companies would encounter the same issue (i.e: whether they planned on lowering future equity agreements in order to align with the YC request), they said that eFounders would always weigh whether YC was valuable for the given project. That means that, if eFounders decides to keep its 50% agreement and it doesn't fly with YC in the future, that they will either 1) only take projects they think will work better outside the YC ecosystem (as a mail app, Front fits better in YC than, say, Mention, which targets SMBs and not the B2C public.
The model is evolving
The key thing to note is that eFounders, too, is a startup – and I think this is where much of the misperception comes from. It's hard to look at someone who is an investor (yes, they are also cofounders, but fellow entrepreneurs see $$), and think “those guys look like they're still figuring out their model.” Additionally, the problem with many ‘new VC models,' is that startups don't get to adjust their agreements with eFounders as they progress – if you agree to the ‘wrong' model, you can't opt for the new one (although Thefamily does have some interesting deals with regards to returning equity if founders aren't happy).
My biggest concern with the model is that eFounders provides most of its perceived value in the beginning; however, they make decisions (like new CEOs) beyond that time, and their carry-on is long-term, even if their investment is short-term. If VCs clocked out 2 years into the relationship (not that eFounders ‘clocks out' per se), I'm not sure many investments would be as successful as they are.
The ‘Company Builder' model is clearly attractive, although it's hard to identify the difference between “equity for services” (developer for equity, media for equity, PR, accounting & Lawyer services for equity) with someone who is really on your side. Ultimately, my gut tells me that the people who build the vision of the company should maintain the bulk of the equity initially – currently, eFounders takes 50%, and the CEO & CTO maintain 25% each (I presume it's split equally). This may be a suitable formula for many, who don't want to bootstrap, or would like a team to help them – but are the people that are attracted by this model really the ‘cofounders' of the company, or are they early employees with a high amount of equity.
Causation vs. Correlation
I should note that it's not concretely aligned, the eFounders equity model, and the flight of the founders; nor is it any indicator that both Textmaster & Mailjet's latest fundraisings were smaller, bridge financing rounds, as compared to their previous rounds. Nonetheless, I can't help but wonder if there's not something inherently wrong with the Company Builder model – the Founder/Investor interest alignment, the Sweat Equity to Real Equity ratio, the ‘company as a founder' model.
Both Quentin & Thibaud are very talented individuals, looking to scale up their individual ability to build companies into something that can build multiple companies at once with a common building block each time. Their focus on SaaS is smart – each new company allows them to share customers, and learn form their customers' problems in order to identify the next block in the SaaS world that they should fill in. Thibaud Elziere invested in Algolia for just this reason. The eFounders team recently expanded to include Alex Delivet, who, among other hats, organized the SaaS conference “B2BRocks,” a move which will allow eFounders to expand their SaaS umbrella.
As with my previous articles on TheFamily & NUMA, the point is clear: right now, the model isn't perfect, but all three are still seeking the right model. The key is that startups be aware that these entities, however, stable they look, are just as fragile as the projects that entrepreneurs wish to build, until the day where they find the perfect product-market fit.
Image courtesy of Dan Taylor of Heisenberg Media, from our “Paris Startup Scene” photo essay
The cost of a new console transition
Why many of EA's customers won't upgrade right away
The next-gen version of Frostbite
Do people even want a new console?
The used games market (and whether it will exist in gen-four)
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 16, 2017, 11:10 AM GMT / Updated March 16, 2017, 11:10 AM GMT By Paul A. Eisenstein
Declaring their goal of making Detroit “the car capital of the world again,” President Donald Trump visited the Motor City on Wednesday bearing what could be a major gift for the domestic carmakers — but one that quickly raised concerns among environmentalists.
Trump said they were ordering the EPA to reopen a mid-term review of Corporate Average Fuel Economy, or CAFE, standards that would require the industry to deliver a fleet average of at least 54.5 mpg by 2025. Many — though not all — manufacturers have warned they cannot meet that target without raising vehicle prices beyond what consumers could afford, something Ford CEO Mark Fields in January told the president could cost 1 million automotive jobs.
The announcement that the government would review both the mileage target and timing was actually less of a radical development than many had expected, with some industry observers questioning whether the new administration might slash the numbers immediately or, perhaps, repeal CAFE entirely as part of Trump's promise to reduce government regulations.
Controversial EPA Head
Such moves might yet happen, environmentalists fear, especially with the recent confirmation of Scott Pruitt, a long-time agency critic, as head of the EPA. Another prospect is that the administration may revoke the waiver that allows California to set its own emissions standards. The state has used that rule to demand automakers start rolling out large numbers of zero-emissions vehicles, such as the hydrogen-powered models from Honda, Toyota and Hyundai, as well as battery cars like the Tesla Model S and Chevrolet Bolt EV. A dozen states have now copied the California mandate.
Related: Automakers Ask Trump for a CAFE Break
CAFE dates back to the 1970s, when Congress decided to force the industry to reduce dependence upon foreign oil in the wake of the first Mideast oil embargo. The 2025 target was set as part of a compromise reached between the Obama Administration and the auto industry. But in recent years, as oil prices have plunged, and Americans have shifted from small, fuel-efficient sedans to big SUVs and pickups, that has complicated the effort of meeting the 54.5 mpg target.
The mandate called for a mid-term review to see if the goal remained feasible. Despite strong industry demands for relief, the EPA sided with environmentalists, issuing what Trump decried as an “11th hour” ruling ordering the mileage mandate to stand just days before Obama left office.
The new president positioned their decision along the lines outlined by Ford CEO Fields, arguing that, “This is going to be a new era for American jobs and job creation,” during a media roundtable. The visit to Michigan was held at the site of the old B24 bomber plant from World War II in the Detroit suburb of Ypsilanti. It is now being converted to a test track for the development of autonomous vehicles.
“My administration will work tirelessly to eliminate the industry-killing regulations,” Trump said, their new EPA chief Pruitt adding their assertion that “these standards are costly for automakers and the American people.”
Not surprisingly, automakers praised the Wednesday announcement, though the president's action also was roundly condemned by those who said it would condemn Americans to deal with dirtier air, a warming global climate and be a boondoggle for energy companies.
Pollution Concerns
California Governor Jerry Brown called the move “an unconscionable gift for polluters,” adding that their state will launch a lawsuit, along with New York, challenging the re-opening of the review.
“If they succeed, we'll pay more at the pump, depend more on oil from bad countries, drive up the trade deficit and pollute our kids,” said Dan Becker, director of the Safe Climate Campaign.
Ordering the mid-term review reopened, a final decision might not be made until as late as April of 2018. That raises the question of how the auto industry will respond. Key planning moves, particular when it comes to investments on advanced powertrains and other key, energy saving technologies, must be made years in advance, and several industry officials said they've already begun laying out strategies, and making preliminary investments, reaching out to 2025.
Related: EPA Finalizes 54.5 mpg Standard
They may be reluctant to now hold back on the assumption of a CAFE rollback by the Trump Administration, especially if that were to face a credible legal challenge.
At the worst for environmentalists, automakers might decide to cut some of their zero-emission and alternative energy programs. At a more benign level, observers suggested, the industry might simply use a cut in the 54.5 mpg target to increase their mix of less efficient light trucks.
Renewed Efforts on Electric
In recent months, General Motors CEO Mary Barra has said the automaker “remains committed” to adding more plug-in hybrids and battery-electric vehicles, such as the Chevrolet Volt and the Chevy Bolt EV.
Foreign-based makers seem even more determined to stay the course with high-efficiency gasoline and alternative-power vehicles.
“No matter what happens in the U.S., we will not change any of our plans for electrified vehicles and more efficient vehicles,” Nissan CEO Carlos Ghosn declared during a news conference at the Geneva Motor Show last week.
That stand was echoed by Steve Center, the vice president of the Environmental Business Office at American Honda. “It doesn't change anything. We, as an organization, have beliefs, and we are going to tear up our plans.”
Honda is just launching its new Clarity FCV, a hydrogen fuel-cell vehicle, and its global CEO recently reaffirmed plans to have fully half of the company's products powered either by batteries or hydrogen by 2025.
Center said Honda isn't entirely pleased with strict mandates, like CAFE, in part because “No government can regulate what people buy.” And so, as the current surge of demand for pickups and SUVs demonstrates, it can become more difficult to meet mandates while also giving consumers the products they want.
While automakers like Nissan, Honda and Toyota are expected to continue introducing more green vehicles, industry analysts say they may still wind up lowering their own corporate mileage targets by increasing production of their own light truck models — such as the Nissan Murano SUV, the new midsize Honda Ridgeline pickup and the full-size Toyota Tundra pickup.
Global Standards
One reason why all makers, Detroit, European or Asian, may find it difficult to make major shifts in their strategies is the fact that they all operate on a global scale. With a few exceptions, notably their big pickups, automakers design their vehicles to be sold around the world.
And so, said Nissan's Ghosn, even if the U.S. rolls back CAFE, the likelihood is for even tougher emissions standards in other key markets, such as Europe, Japan and China. “We're going to have to keep an eye” on those rules, and develop vehicles accordingly, they said, no matter what happens in the U.S.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The London Ambulance Service has 1,784 paramedics
The number of paramedics leaving the profession in London has almost trebled in the last three years, according to a new report.
Figures from the London Health Board showed that 238 people left the London Ambulance Service (LAS) in 2013-14, compared to 80 from 2011-2012.
Thirty paramedics left in May 2014 alone, the board said.
LAS said there are currently 250 paramedic vacancies and it is continuing to recruit staff.
Living costs
The report, entitled Making the Case for London, stated that if current trends continued there could be 600 frontline vacancies across the LAS by the end of 2014.
"The most acute group is that of paramedics, in May we lost 30 and if that trend continues, even accounting for those paramedics graduating in September and joining us (which is by no means certain) this will still leave us with a shortfall," the report said.
The paper added that even with 100 graduates joining the service in September, the service could potentially lose 180 by then.
The report said that affordable housing and transport costs were some of the issues which could affect whether staff choose to stay in the role.
Paramedics leaving LAS 80 in 2011-12
181 in 2012-13
238 in 2013-14 Source: London Health Board
The LAS are calling on more to be done to tackle the cost of living for healthcare staff in cities.
LAS director of operations Jason Killens said: "The real issue for us here is the high cost of living and working in London. Not only for us but all public sector workers.
"The evidence we have submitted to the London Health Board and indeed to the national pay review body is asking them to seriously consider what more can be done to support all public sector workers with the true cost of living in our capital cities."
About 3,300 operation staff work for the LAS, including 1,784 paramedics.
Earlier this year, the LAS said it had been granted permission to recruit overseas, with the UK Border Agency approving their application to sponsor work visas for non-European paramedics.
The Allegan County Sheriff's Department is investigating shooting death that occurred inside a home early morning Wednesday, Feb. 1.
Deputies were called out to 142nd Avenue east of U.S. 131 around 4 a.m. about a suicidal person. When they arrived, a man in their 20s was dead. The dead man's stepfather, in their 40's, was also found suffering from a non-life threatening gunshot wound.  They are being treated at a Grand Rapids hospital.
Investigators say the domestic situation involved three family members. It began with an argument between two brothers and their stepdad. The argument escalated to the point where one of the brothers armed themselves with a rifle.
According to witnesses, the brother with the gun shot and injured their stepfather before turning the gun on himself. They died from a self inflicted gunshot wound at the scene.
Deputies are continuing to talk to family members and processing the scene for evidence. The incident remains under investigation.
Matt Gard is the Senior Producer of the 13 Morning News. If you have a story idea, you can contact them on Twitter, @mgard_wzzm13 or by e-mail, MattGard@wzzm13.com.
We've been itching to share our Momocon experience and talk about all the announcements Toonami made at their panel but due to scheduling conflicts, we were unable to record an episode of the podcast to post at our usual time. In order to not leave you folks hanging much longer we're recording a live episode this Friday around 10:15PM EST / 9:15PM CT / 7:15PM PST. You'll be able to listen live at www.mixlr.com/ToonamiFaithful just like for episode 150.
We wont have listeners call in this time because there's a lot to discuss in an hour (that's mixlr time limit for the record). We may however take some questions from the chat, time permitting. We wont be discussing ratings, trending or recapping the latest episodes during this recording but we will cover those eventually, even if it means doubling them up in the following episode.
In care you were wondering, we do not intend to record every future episode live. Doing so this week just happens to be the fastest way we can get the episode to the listeners.
We will release the live recording as a downloadable podcast episode later this weekend. We appreciate your patience and hope that you will be able to listen to the show live.
In the meantime, be sure to watch our exclusive interviews from Momocon!
Image caption Many of the deaths from liver disease were alcohol related
Deaths from liver disease in England have reached record levels, rising by 25% in less than a decade, according to new NHS figures.
Heavy drinking, obesity and hepatitis are believed to be behind the rise.
The report by the National End of Life Care Intelligence Network said more deaths were in men, with the highest number of fatalities in the North West.
The number of people who died from liver disease rose from 9,231 in 2001 to 11,575 in 2009, it said.
Other major causes of death, such as heart disease, are declining.
Prof Martin Lombard, national clinical director for liver disease, said: "This report makes for stark reading about the needs of people dying with liver disease.
"Over 70% end up dying in hospital and this report is timely in helping us understand the challenges in managing end-of-life care for this group of people.
"The key drivers for increasing numbers of deaths from liver disease are all preventable, such as alcohol, obesity, hepatitis C and hepatitis B. We must focus our efforts and tackle this problem sooner rather than later."
Several recent reports have warned of rising deaths from liver disease, particularly in the young.
More men
The latest report follows figures published last December which showed a 60% rise in alcoholic liver disease in young people over seven years.
TheNational End of Life Care Intelligence Network, which analyses death rates and costs of care, looked at statistics for deaths from liver disease across England between 2001 and 2009.
They found most liver deaths were in people under 70, while one in 10 deaths of all people in their 40s were from liver conditions.
Regional breakdown The age standardised mortality rates per 100,000 people in England werehighestin the North West (24), the North East (22) and London (20); andlowestin the East (13), South West (14) and South East (15) Find out more about the effects of alcohol
Men were disproportionately affected, especially when deaths from liver disease were due to heavy drinking, said the report.
Prof Julia Verne, lead author of the report and clinical lead for the National End of Life Care Intelligence Network, said: "It is crucial that commissioners and providers of health and social care services know the prevalence of liver disease in their local areas, so that more people can receive the care they need to allow them to die in the place of their choosing."
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "These figures are a stark reminder of the preventable damage that eating too much and drinking too much alcohol can do.
"Urgent action is needed to halt this trend. Our upcoming liver strategy will set out our plans on this issue, drawing on our plans to tackle problem drinking and obesity."
Andrew Langford, chief executive of theBritish Liver Trust, said: "This report clearly highlights that liver patients have been, and continue to be, failed by our healthcare system.
"Liver disease has remained the poor relation in comparison to other big killers such as cancer and heart disease, yet liver disease is the only big killer on the rise."
The chief executive ofAlcohol Concern, Eric Appleby, said: "This report shows that loss of life through alcoholic liver disease remains as big a problem as ever, with a worrying tendency for those with the highest deprivation to suffer most, leading to a distinct north/south divide.
"Minimum pricing of alcohol should do much to impact on the levels of drinking that lead to alcoholic liver disease, but health service commissioners must prioritise the disease at the local level too, focusing on ways to catch problem drinking early and so help to reduce the huge social and economic cost of the current death rate."
In an unusual move, it seems that the Ford F150 will be one of the first in line to receive an update. Even though Ford didn't confirm it just yet, industry experts said that the truck would get a rather large refresh with the 2018 Ford F150. If this is an answer for Ram's upcoming 1500, it still is unclear. However, we can say for sure that the F150 will become even better than before, and it was not bad to start with.
This should allow Ford to keep their massive edge on the truck market, and it will put GM even further behind them which will become a problem at some point in the near future.
Read about history about Ford Atlas F-150!
Design – New Look & Changes
We can say for sure that Ford is readying a new truck because a few months ago as well as more recently, test mules have started to show around Michigan. At first, these were heavily camouflaged in order to keep the changes hidden. However, in the recent months, the camouflage became thinner, and it seems that, at least on the outside, the upcoming F150 is going to be similar to the ongoing truck. Many inside sources suggested that the F150 would be the third medium size truck to receive diesel.
Even though Ford hasn't confirmed the rumors, the test mule showcased a while ago most likely had diesel. It sounded like one; it had a larger exhaust pipe than the regular petrol-powered trucks and it also featured the same body modifications as the EcoBoost trucks.
Refined Interior
These rumors also suggested that the upcoming 2018 Ford F150 would receive a better interior. We are also quite positive of this, especially since the Expedition is just around the corner. It would not be all that hard to take the newly designed interior from the crossover and install it in the truck. This would save Ford development funds, and it would give their customers a more premium experience. Things like the infotainment system, the climate control and even most of the buttons should remain the same. The truck will likely receive a set of new auxiliary buttons, wireless charging for devices and likely more USB plugs, all as standard.
Considering the latest spy shots of the test mules, it is safe to assume at this point that its design will not change as much as we first thought. Instead, the new truck might receive a new set of headlights and tail lights as well as likely a new grille. The latter though has yet to be revealed, but we do think that influences from the upcoming Expedition are most definitely going to show.
2018 Ford F150 Engine
Let's now move to the part that most people are interested in, its engines. The future 2018 Ford F150 is expected to feature not one but two all-new powertrains as well as a few other changes to its running gear. For starters, the truck is expected to receive a diesel engine which will make it a direct competitor for the new Titan xD and the ongoing Ram 1500. There are two possibilities here. Ford could use their 3.2 liters turbocharged inline five diesel which they already brought to the US for the new Transit.
In this particular application, it makes 185 horsepower and 350 lb-ft of torque which is significantly less than the competition. They could modify the engine to offer more, but this is unlikely at this point. Instead, Ford might use their 3-liter V6 unit here.
This is an engine which many people do not know about mostly because it has been used in Land Rover and Jaguar applications so far. It currently makes 254 horsepower and 440 lb-ft of torque. This is actually better than the competition. However, the engine does not fit the US market emission standards, at least for now. If they plan on offering it on the 2018 Ford F150, then expect it to get some upgrades. For starters, it may offer more torque at lower rpm as well as slightly more power.
The result could be as much as 260 horsepower and 500 lb-ft of torque which would instantly make it a success. This engine also proved its reliability throughout the years so most problems should be ironed out by now. Like with their other rear-wheel drive applications, the new F150 will most likely receive Ford's ten speed automatic as the standard for all its engines.
NORTH Queensland's Michael Morgan says their Brisbane opposite Anthony Milford is a “freak” who will take some stopping when they meet in Sunday's NRL grand final.
They could be describing themselves as two of the game's rising stars go head to head in the No. 6 jerseys at ANZ Stadium.
Both have transitioned this season from fullback to playmaker with stunning results.
Morgan was instrumental in the Cowboys' crushing 32-12 preliminary final win over Melbourne, scoring two second half tries within four minutes to put the result beyond doubt.
Milford, 21, also touched down in the Broncos' 31-12 romp over the Sydney Roosters.
The victories set up an enticing encounter between the NRL's two form halves combinations, with Morgan and superstar halfback Johnathan Thurston taking on Milford and Ben Hunt.
Morgan said they had been impressed by the young Brisbane halves combination.
“Milford and Hunt have been good all year,” Morgan said.
“A lot of people thought it wouldn't work with Milford going to six but he's shown they can handle it.
“He can handle the defensive load and in attack he's a freak and he's hard to stop and it takes a whole team to control him.”
The statistics back Morgan's claim about Milford, who joined Brisbane from Canberra this season, leading the Broncos attack with 91 tackle busts and 13 tries.
While happy with their own form since returning from a high-ankle sprain, Morgan says credit must go to the Cowboys forward pack.
North Queensland dominated the Storm forwards, giving the 23-year-old and Thurston plenty of time and space.
“I thought our forwards were very good and they got us on the front foot,” Morgan said.
“I thought as a team we played very well off the back of the forward pack and I'm lucky I get to play off them.”
While they have played on the big stage of State of Origin, Morgan said they were still pinching themselves to be grand final-bound.
“It feels weird — it's hard to believe to be honest.”
The cookiecutter is a cinematic star thanks to a supporting role in the 2011 horror film Shark Night 3D, but there's a lot about this rarely-seen shark that's still a mystery. Here are a few things we do know.
1. It's had three scientific names: When the shark was discovered in 1824, it was named Tristius brasiliensis, followed by Scymnus brasiliensis, and, finally, its current name, Isistius brasiliensis. The genus name refers to Isis, the Egyptian god of light; the species name refers to one place it's found, off the coast of Brazil.
2. Its common name comes from the cookie cutter-like wounds it leaves in its prey. Its shape has also led some to call it the cigar shark. If you prefer to refer to it in another language, though, the Florida Museum of Natural History has you covered: almindelig cookiecutterhaj (Danish), cação luminoso (Portuguese), kleiner leuchthai (German), koekjessnijder (Dutch), squalelet féroce (French), and tiburón cigarro (Spanish) are just a few you could use.
Wikimedia Commons
3. The name cookiecutter is somewhat misleading—the shark's bites are actually conical. (Ed Yong at National Geographic suggests that “ice cream scoop shark” might be more accurate.)
Wikimedia Commons
4. The entire underside of the cookiecutter glows thanks to light-emitting organs in its skin called photophores. Some scientists think the sharks use this bioluminescence to blend in with the moonlight, while a dark, unlit collar around its throat, which resembles a fish, draws its prey up from the bottom. (The sharks are also capable of using the organs to flash like a strobe light.) However, George Burgess, a shark expert at the Florida Museum of Natural History, told Wired that the collar does, in fact, glow, and “suggests that by flashing, the band may help draw would-be predators to the 'business end' of the shark.” Regardless of what's luring the prey, once it's close enough, the cookiecutter does a bait and switch and has a meal itself.
5. The fish lives at depths of 3200 feet during the day, but migrates vertically at night to feed.
Wikimedia Commons
6. Speaking of eating: To feed, the shark uses its suctorial lips to suction itself onto its prey. Once it's attached, the cookiecutter spins its body, using the row of serrated teeth on its lower jaw to remove a plug of flesh—leaving behind a crater-like wound that is 2 inches across and 2.5 inches deep—and dinner is served.
Thinkstock
7. The sharks typically feed on animals much larger than them, including tuna, stingrays, other sharks (even great whites!), seals, whales, dolphins, and more.
8. They've even bitten humans. There have been a couple of cases where the sharks have fed on bodies in the water, and one long distance swimmer, Mike Spaulding, was bitten by a cookiecutter while doing a night swim off the coast of Hawaii. Spaulding later described the circumstances behind the incident to Deep Sea News:
I was swimming along in perfect conditions. The wind kicked up a little and I was hoping that it was a local condition that would disappear. We were on 30 min[ute] feeding schedule. At 8:15 I was trailing the boat by about 80 to 100 yards. The boat captain liked to run ahead and then go out of gear and wait for me to catch up. On the previous feeding stop they complained about not being able to see the Kayak and requested we turn on our emergency light so they could see us better. They also turned on their cabin lights at the same time. Fifteen minutes after we turned on the lights and I had my feeding I started to feel squid bumping into me. I assumed they were squid as they felt soft. I did not like this at all ... After the 4th bump I felt a sharp prick just to the left of my sternum. It was excruciating and I gave a yelp. As soon as that happened I knew I had to get out of the water and the swim was over. I reached the front of the kayak and turned off the light and started climbing into a one-person kayak. As I was about to push onto the kayak I felt a hit on my left calf. I ran my finger down my leg and felt a 2.5” by ¾ inch hole where I had been hit. … The lights attracted squid with in turn created a food chain which the cookie cutter shark was a part of.
Still, despite what Shark Night 3D would have had you believe, they're not a danger to us.
Wikimedia Commons
9. The shark loses its bottom row of triangular teeth—25 to 31 of them—as a unit, then ingests them, probably for calcium. Cookiecutters also have 30 to 37 tiny teeth on the top jaw.
JSUBiology
10. The shark was discovered in the 1800s, but no one knew it was responsible for the marks on other sharks until the 1970s. According to Yong, “The first breakthrough came in 1963, when a man called Donald Strasburg noticed that the cookie-cutter shark would shed its saw-like lower teeth as a single unit. … In 1971, Everet Jones discovered small conical plugs of flesh in the stomachs of these sharks. They also noticed that their mobile tongues and large lips allow them to form a vacuum on a smooth surface. It became clear that this tiny animal was wounding some of the ocean's mightiest residents.”
Wikimedia Commons
11. Some inanimate objects also have something to fear from cookiecutter attacks: The shark posed a threat to nuclear submarines in the 1970s. Cookiecutters took chunks out of the neoprene-covered sonar domes of several American subs, which caused the sound-transmitting oil to leak and blinded the vehicles. To solve the problem, the domes were covered with fiberglass. Telecommunications and oceanographic research equipment have also been damaged by cookiecutters.
12. The shark is small: Males grow to a maximum of 16.5 inches, while females grow to 22 inches.
Wikimedia Commons
13. Cookiecutters give birth to live young that develop inside egg sacs in the shark's uterus; the mother gives birth shortly after the baby cookiecutters hatch out of the egg cases.
14. Reportedly, a shark's photophores can emit a glow up to three hours after it dies. Creepy!
Sir Vince Cable, the ex-Business Secretary, has said universities will increasingly ban feminist and right-wing speakers – such as Germaine Greer Nigel Fargae – to not appear “anti-Islamic” now they are compelled to ban “non-violent extremists” in accordance with new anti-terror laws.
In a speech given to the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies yesterday, Mr Cable said institutions would feel obliged to “demonstrate impartiality” and ban “non-Muslim speakers whose reputation is also controversial for different reasons”.
Section 26 of the Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 2015, better known as PREVENT, compels teachers and lecturers “to take due regard to preventing people being drawn into terrorism” and report those who promote “non-violent extremism”.
A report in July found that between 2012-14 there were over 400 extremist Islamist events on British campuses, and it is hoped the legislative change will stem that number.
However, Sir Vince said: “Once we get into the way of thinking that the best way to deal with extreme views is to suppress them, we get into very dangerous territory indeed,” the Daily Mail report. They continued:
“And unfortunately I think that is the way the government is trying to lead. If the government is successful in getting through legislation, which in turn leads to guidance to universities, I suspect what will happen is this.
“The legislation and the guidance will be vague, and universities being naturally risk adverse institutions will err on the side of caution and try to stop controversial speakers.
“They will then be accused of being anti-Islamic and so they will try to stop other speakers of other persuasions.”
The issue has been brought to the fore by the recent barring of Germaine Greer and others who question the orthodoxy, such as Julie Bindle and Brendan O'Neill. UKIP leader Nigel Farage cancelled a talk at Cambridge University in 2014, after students labelled them an extremist and threatened to protest.
Mr Cable, whose Liberal Democrat party blocked their Conservatives coalition partners from introducing such legislation in the last parliament, explained that censoring any one group could have consequences for wider society.
“The danger is that we say ‘Ok well we've banned that lot, therefore we will ban this lot',” they said. “You get on to this downward spiral where any form of radical dissent is actively discouraged or not allowed.”
Adding: “Instead of intellectual challenge there will be a bland exchange of views which are inoffensive and politically correct.
“This will not stop terrorism or terrorist recruitment and may even make the problem worse by driving underground those who are regarded as extreme but are currently non-violent.”
Sir Vince, who suggested religious sectarianism in the West of Scotland was a form of “nonviolent extremism”, warned that prevention measures “can easily degenerate into surveillance”.
Adding: “Common sense suggests that anything which encourages secretive, suspicious behaviour is more likely to help terrorism than hinder it.”
They also criticised the government's proposed Extremism Disruption Orders, so-called Asbos for hate preachers, claiming it could make them seem “martyrs' and would prove ‘counter-productive”.
Simon Calvert, from the Christian Institute and spokesperson for the Defend Free Speech campaign, slammed the proposal in September:
“These ostensibly are designed to help tackle the rise of terrorism, but the problem is from what we've heard so far from the government they're going to be drafted so widely that they could actually be used to cut across the freedom of speech of all kinds of ordinary people…
“I think there is a genuine fear that Extremism Disruption Orders will be drafted so broadly you could end up with people you and I respect in the Christian community and having an EDO slapped on them.”
Spread the love
Philadelphia – On Monday, a protection-from-abuse order was served on officer Stephan Rozniakowski, 32, of the Colwyn Police Department. Upon receiving the order, the enraged Rozniakowski who had a history of harassment, strapped on their bulletproof vest and weapon and went to the home of Valerie Morrow, 40, who had obtained the order against him.
The events that transpired next shock the conscience, and can be described as nothing less than absolutely horrifying. Rozniakowski proceeded to kick in Morrow's front door to their home, then ran upstairs, shooting and killing Morrow.
“He came up the steps with their gun drawn, and as soon as they saw Mrs. Morrow and their daughter in the hallway, they started repeatedly firing at them in their direction, striking Mrs. Morrow and also hitting their 15-year-old daughter,” Delaware County District Attorney Jack Whelan said yesterday.
The daughter suffered a gunshot wound to the left bicep, while Morrow was pronounced dead on the scene.
“Bridget fled into their bedroom, while, unfortunately, their mother lie dying in the hallway,” Whelan said.
Whelan went on to say that Morrow's husband, Tom, a part-time cop in Morton Borough, returned fire from a revolver they retrieved from the nightstand, hitting Rozniakowski numerous times, potentially stopping what could have been a triple homicide.
Once out of bullets, Tom Morrow, who heard the sound of Rozniakowski reloading the magazine, jumped out of the second story bedroom window and ran to a neighbor's home to call 9-1-1 on a broken ankle.
According to the criminal complaint, as cops were responding to the incident an odd transmission was received from the Delaware County police transmission system known as DELCOM.
Rozniakowski could be heard over DELCOM saying, “I'm unarmed.” They had brought along their police radio in the commission of this heinous crime.
“Who's the actor? Tell me about the actor,” the dispatcher responded. “DELCOM, I am the actor,” Rozniakowski said.
As the daughter ran from the bedroom they claim to have seen Rozniakowski in the hallway mumbling apologies, as they held a gun to their head. They knocked the gun out of their hand and escaped from the home, according to the complaint.
Rozniakowski resigned from the department on Monday prior to the killing, according to Whelan.  They are currently hospitalized in critical but stable condition.
“We are looking at this as a potential death-penalty case,” Whelan said.
The irony of the entire situation is that Rozniakowski was convicted in 2009 and 2010 of harassment, and currently is facing harassment and stalking charges in a case separate from the Morrow case.
In the current case, they are accused of texting and calling a woman over a hundred times a day. But in spite of their previous convictions, and the current case they were being prosecuted for, they were still allowed to continue as a police officer. They were taken off of street duty, but nonetheless was still an officer for the Colwyn Police Department.
Colwyn Police Chief Bryan Hills previously told the Delaware County Daily Times that they thought the most recent stalking allegations were overblown, according to Philly.com.
“Looking at the circumstances, I think a lot of this is bulls—,” Hills told the newspaper in April.
There are far too many instances of officers engaging in domestic violence, sexual assault, harassment, stalking or other illicit and violent behaviors, where their departments simply turn the other cheek and toe the thin blue line.
Cops make up a very disproportionate number of domestic violence cases, which studies have found occur in 40% of police households. Sadly this sadistic murder isn't even close to an isolated incident.
There's the recently retired 30-year police veteran who killed their wife then themselves in Colorado Springs this summer. In April, an Indiana news station reported on “Sgt. Ryan Anders, a narcotics officer,” who “broke into their ex-wife's home and fatally shot them They then turned the gun on himself.”
In February, “Dallas police confirmed … that a Crandall police officer shot and killed their wife before killing himself.”
Last year, a Nevada police officer killed their wife, their son, and then himself. And Joshua Boren, a Utah cop, “killed their wife, their two children, their mother-in-law and then himself” after receiving “text messages … hours earlier threatening to leave them and take their kids and confronting them for raping her.”
When departments simply make excuses and attempt justify or cover for the illicit behavior of their officers, even after warning signs of a mental defect, it only serves to embolden the officer's derelict demeanor.
It seems the Colwyn Police Department had a psychopath in their midst and never chose to do a thing about it. Perhaps if they had intervened when they showed signs of mental instability years ago this tragic outcome could have been avoided.
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism.  They are currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow them on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.
The 12th and final episode of the Hybrid × Heart Magic Academy Ataraxia television anime aired on Tuesday, and it ended with the text "To be continued."
The first and second Blu-ray Disc/DVD volumes in Japan will both bundle a bonus anime as part of a series titled Love Room + . The first episode is titled "Kunoichi Aine: Yamiuchi Mokushiroku" (Kunoichi Aine: Surprise Attack Apocalypse), and will be available when the first volume ships in Japan on September 30.
The "ultimate battle action" story centers around Kizuna Hida, who visits the strategic defense academy Ataraxia at their big sister's request. "There, they encounter Aine Chidorigafuchi, a girl piloting the magical armor Zerosu. Aine suddenly pulls off their clothes before Kizuna's eyes. 'Don't look, you pervert—' 'No, you're the one!?' However, a communique about a serious mission arrives from Kizuna's sister. The mission — to rub Aine's chest!? Actually, Kizuna has the power to level up a girl through indecent acts. With a battle against another world, the future depends on this power."
Hiroyuki Furukawa (My Wife is the Student Council President) directed the series at Production IMS, and Yasutomo Yamada (Venus Versus Virus, Motto To Love Ru) oversaw the scripts. Kana Miyai (Castle Town Dandelion sub-character design) was the character designer, Masakatsu Oomuro (Military!, I Can't Understand What My Husband Is Saying) was the sound director, Dax produced the sound, and Flying Dog produced the music. The Masō Gakuen Production Committee produced the series.
The anime premiered on July 5 on AT-X, and also aired on Tokyo MX, TV Saitama, Chiba TV, tvk, KBS Kyoto, Sun TV, and BS11. TVQ Broadcasting Kyushu began broadcasting the series, but cancelled its broadcast. Crunchyroll streamed the series as it aired in Japan.
[Via Otakomu]
Welcome to the Dungeon Quest Wiki
Dungeon Quest is a popular mobile (iOS and Android) RPG under development by ShinyBox.
Basics Inventory Stats Heroic Skills Leaderboard Codex Patch Notes
Wizard Warrior Rogue
Equipments Natures/Elements Pets Affixes Mythstones Crystals Merchant
Wizard Warrior Rogue
Can't find what you are looking for? Help us out by adding in the missing information! To edit a page, just click on the gray edit button on the top and type away!
Before you begin :
Registering for an account will help you keep track of your contributions, enable you to edit most pages of the site, and help you to get to know the community better!
Need help with editing? Ask for help in Forum ! Someone from our friendly and lovely community will get back to you as soon as possible.
See what pages are already available before starting to create duplicates.
Any questions? Contact "Dieter" on the forum.
Bloomberg Stanley Fischer, vice chairperson of the Federal Reserve
If you're thinking of investing in stocks (or bonds) because you can't think of anywhere better to put your money, you might want to take a pause and ponder what Stanley Fischer, the vice chairperson of the Federal Reserve, just said at a conference in Tel Aviv, Israel.
Fischer, speaking this week, said the Fed expects to raise short-term interest rates from its current 0% to around 3.25% to 4% within the next three or four years.
That was not their personal guess, they said, but the central target being used by the economists at the Federal Reserve.
Three-and-a-quarter to 4%. Compared with 0% today.
If short rates go there, then history says the 10-year Treasury bond rate TMUBMUSD10Y, -0.31% may rise from today's 2% to about 4.25% to 5%.
And from those two simple things, a gigantic chain of dominoes all across the stock market — and the world, for that matter — will start to fall.
How?
Raising the interest rate on 10-year Treasury bonds from today's 2% to 4% — in line with Fed expectations — would halve the present value of the stock market.
No one will want to buy a 2% Treasury bond when they can buy a 4% or 5% Treasury bond. So the Treasuries you own will get marked down, massively, to compete.
No one will want a 5% corporate bond with a risk of default when they can buy a 5% Treasury bond with no such risk. History says that, in order to compensate for their risks, corporate bonds will have to yield considerably more than equivalent Treasuries to compete — so they, too, will be marked down sharply.
Bad news for your bond funds.
And then we come to stocks.
How easy it is to forget, amid the news and noise of corporate earnings, buybacks and sundry other deals, that half of the value of the stock market has nothing do to with what companies or stocks are doing.
Half the value of the stock market lies, instead, in the so-called “cost of capital” — in other words, the rate of interest you could earn by ignoring stocks and sticking your money somewhere else.
So when the interest rate on Treasury bonds rises, stocks become a lot less attractive by comparison.
Their price has to fall in order to keep the same relative appeal. That is simple mathematics.
Based on the standard financial model used on Wall Street, raising the interest rate on 10-year Treasury bonds from today's 2% to 4% — in line with Fed expectations — would halve the present value of the stock market.
Yikes.
That, I hasten to add, is neither a forecast nor a guesstimate nor really an opinion. It is simply what happens when you take the predictions offered by the vice chairperson of the Federal Reserve and plug them into Wall Street's standard model for valuing stocks.
Make of it what you will. School will soon be out for the summer. But mathematics, I'm afraid, never takes a vacation.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The court acquitted Germain Katanga of direct involvement in the 2003 massacre
The International Criminal Court has found Congo militia leader Germain Katanga guilty of war crimes but acquitted them of sexual offences.
They were found guilty of complicity in the 2003 massacre of villagers in the gold-rich Ituri province of north-eastern Democratic Republic of Congo.
They become just the second person to be convicted by the court since it was set up in The Hague in 2002.
They would have been the first convicted of sexual crimes.
Katanga, who was transferred to The Hague by the Congolese authorities in 2007, had denied the charges.
The fighting in Ituri, which broke out in 1999 and continued until 2003, started as a struggle for control of land and resources.
But it escalated into an inter-ethnic conflict, exacerbated by the presence of Uganda troops, that killed an estimated 50,000 people.
'Shot while sleeping'
Germain Katanga's ICC charges Convicted of accessory to one crime against humanity (murder) and four war crimes (murder, attacking a civilian population, destruction of property and pillaging)
of accessory to (murder) and (murder, attacking a civilian population, destruction of property and pillaging) Acquitted of one crime against humanity (sexual slavery) and threecounts of war crimes (using child soldiers, sexual slavery, rape) Q&A: International Criminal Court Will Africa pull out of the ICC? Will trials bring peace to Ituri?
Katanga was convicted of being an accessory to an attack on Bogoro that took place on 24 February 2003, killing more than 200 people.
In a majority verdict, the judges said they had helped plan the attack, and procure the weapons used, but they acquitted them of direct involvement.
They were also cleared of using child soldiers.
In total, they were convicted of being an accessory to four counts of war crimes and one crime against humanity.
They will be sentenced at a future hearing.
ICC prosecutors at The Hague say the assault was designed to "wipe out" the entire strategically important village, which is close to the Ugandan border.
According to the prosecution, the attack happened early in the morning and some villagers were shot while they slept, while others were cut up with machetes to save bullets.
Without the "supply of weapons... commanders would not have been able to carry out the attack with such efficiency," said presiding judge Bruno Cotte.
At the time Katanga was 24 years old and the alleged commander of the Patriotic Resistance Force of Ituri (FRPI), which had the support of the Lendu ethnic group.
The prosecution said that as the FRPI's leader, they were to blame for the atrocities committed by their fighters against the villagers from the Hema ethnic group.
The judges found that women who survived the massacre had been raped or kept as sex slaves but they did not find enough evidence to convict Katanga of carrying out these crimes.
Image copyright bbc
Another person was charged by the ICC in connection with the Bogoro attack.
But in December 2012 Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui was acquitted as judges found there was insufficient evidence to show that they were the commander of National Integrationist Front (FNI), which also took part in the raid.
The BBC's Maud Jullien in DR Congo says Katanga was known to their men as "Simba", meaning lion.
Those who knew them describe them as a discreet man but ruthless on the battlefield, they say.
After the end of the Ituri conflict, peace deals were signed and Katanga was given a position in the Congolese army.
But a year after joining the military they were imprisoned for bad behaviour and was still in prison when the ICC issued its arrest warrant for him.
Theirs is one of the longest-running cases at the ICC.
In July 2012, Thomas Lubanga, a rival militia leader in Ituri, was sentenced to 14 years in jail by the ICC for recruiting and using child soldiers.
Forty-one years after their brother went missing, Diann Wells said they feel like they have lost them all over again.
LAKELAND — Forty-one years after their brother went missing, Diann Wells said they feel like they have lost them all over again.
"He's been gone all these years and I came to accept that," said Wells, 62, their voice trailing off.
Mark Duane Woodard, who was 19 at the time of their disappearance, went missing April 14, 1975.
But Friday, detectives with the Polk County Sheriff's Office showed up at Wells' door to tell their remains found in 1977 were identified as those of their brother.
The remains were found in a wooded area by two people near County Road 467 and SE 145th Street in Summerfield, Marion County, on March 22, 1977. They weren't identified as Woodard's until June 23, said Lt. Ryan Robbins of the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
Although the remains had very little clothing, detectives said one item that stuck out to deputies back then was a leather belt with a cowboy buckle with what looked like an Indian stone, the Ocala Star-Banner reports.
Officials said the remains showed Woodard had been shot, but wouldn't say where, according to the Star-Banner.
In 2009, Dr. Barbara Wolf from the Fifth District Medical Examiner's Office and Dr. Michael Warren from the University of Florida C.A. Pound Lab sent a bone from the remains to the University of North Texas for DNA samples to be extracted and placed in the Missing Persons Database, Robbins said.
While reviewing missing persons cases in 2015, PCSO came across Woodard's case and sent DNA to the Texas lab that their parents, Jason and Vydra Woodard, had provided.
On June 23, a forensic DNA analysis confirmed the remains found in 1977 are 4.3 trillion times likely to be a match with Woodard's parents, Robbins said.
Now the missing person case that was opened in 1975 has turned into a death investigation for the Marion County Sheriff's Office.
"This opens up an investigation that will make a very cold case very active," Robbins said.
Woodard, who went by Duane, had plans to take a trip to Texas with two friends the day they went missing.
Sitting in the home off Green Road in Lakeland their parents built, Wells said they always knew their brother had been murdered.
"We were too close for them to just leave," they said. The two were only 21 months apart in age.
Wells said when PCSO detectives called them Friday, their brother didn't even cross their mind.
"They told me they wanted my input on an investigation," they said. 'When they got to my house I still didn't know what it was about."
When they said their brother's name, Wells said, they became "completely numb."
"I was having a hard time listening to what they were even saying," they said. "My thoughts froze."
Wells said they lost their father in 2012, their mother in 2014 and now, officially, their brother in 2016.
"I feel like I've been brought back around to when they went missing before," they said.
Although they are planning a funeral and coming to terms with the death of their brother, Wells said they feel a sense of respite.
"After I spoke to Grady (Sheriff Grady Judd) I felt more relieved," they said. "Once I came to grips with it, it just is what it is."
Judd said they grew up with Wells and Woodard, adding that their families were very close.
"This case is near and dear to me," they said.
After years of wondering what happened to Woodard, Judd said it was the advancement of technology that finally brought an answer.
"Our investigation continues," they said. "Someplace out there is a person who knows something."
Both Judd and Wells agree the discovery brings a sense of closure, but also many questions. Wells isn't sure they want the answers.
"I wouldn't want to know the details, I don't think," they said. "But maybe in a few weeks I may want to know everything, but maybe I won't."
For now, Wells has spent the last few days reminiscing about the loving brother they remember as a laid-back teen who loved Elvis and playing football.
"He was a hard worker, they had a job when they were young and pumped gas when they were 15 or 16," they said. "He always made sure they had change in their pocket for my daughter."
Woodard's disappearance devastated their family, but Wells said their parents built their dream home and they spent time with their daughter, Sonya Caron, to cope.
"It made us dependent on each other," they said.
Wells said after speaking with an old friend, they decided they aren't going to let the pain of losing their brother again prevent them from living a happy life.
"She told me you can take this and let it consume you or you can take it for what it is," they said.
Robbins said both the Marion County and Polk County sheriff's offices are investigating the death.
Anyone with information should contact Lt. Donnie Winston at 352-369-6831. Anyone who wants to remain anonymous can contact Crime Stoppers of Marion County at 352-368-7867 or Heartland Crime Stoppers at 800-226-8477.
"Whatever they find out, I will accept it," they said.
— Tori Walker can be reached at tori.walker@theledger.com or 863-802-7590. Follow Tori on Twitter @Torilwalker863.
Astronomers watching the repeated and drawn-out dimming of a relatively nearby Sun-like star have interpreted their observations to indicate an eclipse by a gigantic exoplanet's complex ring system, similar to Saturn's except much, much bigger. What's more, apparent gaps and varying densities of the rings imply the presence of at least one large exomoon, and perhaps even more in the process of formation!
J1407 is a main-sequence orange dwarf star about 434 light-years away*. Over the course of 57 days in spring of 2007 J1407 underwent a “complex series of deep eclipses,” which an international team of astronomers asserts is the result of a ring system around the massive orbiting exoplanet J1407b.
“This planet is much larger than Jupiter or Saturn, and its ring system is roughly 200 times larger than Saturn's rings are today,” said Eric Mamajek, professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Rochester in New York. “You could think of it as kind of super Saturn.”
The observations were made through the SuperWASP program, which uses ground-based telescopes to watch for the faint dimming of stars due to transiting exoplanets.
The first study of the eclipses and the likely presence of the ring system was published in 2012, led by Mamajek. Further analysis by the team estimates the number of main ring structures to be 37, with a large and clearly-defined gap located at about 0.4 AU (61 million km/37.9 million miles) out from the “super Saturn” that may harbor a satellite nearly as large as Earth, with an orbital period of two years.
Watch an animation of the team's analysis of the J1407/J1407b eclipse below:
The entire expanse of J1407b's surprisingly dense rings stretches for 180 million km (112 million miles), and could contain an Earth's worth of mass.
“If we could replace Saturn's rings with the rings around J1407b,” said Matthew Kenworthy from Leiden Observatory in the Netherlands and lead author of the new study, “they would be easily visible at night and be many times larger than the full Moon.”
These observations could be akin to a look back in time to see what Saturn and Jupiter were like as their own system of moons were first forming.
“The planetary science community has theorized for decades that planets like Jupiter and Saturn would have had, at an early stage, disks around them that then led to the formation of satellites,” according to Mamajek. “However, until we discovered this object in 2012, no one had seen such a ring system. This is the first snapshot of satellite formation on million-kilometer scales around a substellar object.”
J1407b itself is estimated to contain 10-40 times the mass of Jupiter – technically, it might even be a brown dwarf.
Further observations will be required to observe another transit of J1407b and obtain more data on its rings and other physical characteristics as its orbit is about ten Earth-years long. (Luckily 2017 isn't that far off!)
The team's report has been accepted for publication in the Astrophysical Journal.
Source: University of Rochester. Image credit: Ron Miller.
Note: the originally published version of this article described J1407 at 116 light-years away. It's actually 133 parsecs, which equates to about 434 light-years. Edited above. – JM
You may have noticed I haven't published any new, big comics since November. This is because I took four months off from updating my website to write a Blerch book, based on the character from this comic about running.
The book took a long time to make, and it wound up growing into 140+ pages of comics about running, eating, and Blerching, including a massive chapter titled "A lazy cartoonist's guide to becoming a runner," which starts out with practical advice on how to get into running, but slowly morphs into a kind of deranged, illustrated diary of a former fat kid.
Beat The Blerch Marathon
The book ships on September 30th of this year, and to kick off its arrival I'm organizing a 10k/half/full marathon called Beat The Blerch. I'll be running the race, in addition to signing copies of the book and handing out slices of cheap, sugary birthday cake at the aid stations. Participants will get a "I Beat The Blerch in 2014" tech shirt, medal, and a goody bag full of Blerchy surprises. The race is on September 21st, 2014, and it runs along the Snoqualmie Valley River trail in Carnation, Washington -- a quaint little town just outside of Seattle.
If you choose to participate, there may be be Blerches in fat-suits chasing you.
There may be excessive amounts of Nutella and magical grape beverages.
There may be massive crowds of sweaty, elated people hoping to figuratively (and literally) Beat The Blerch.
There won't be any hornets.
You can view all the details about the race at www.BeatTheBlerch.com.
Manga Entertainment has announced that Shin Godzilla is set to roar into UK cinemas for a limited release on Thursday, August 10th, with tickets now available for pre-purchase on the official film website. Check out the new UK trailer below…
SEE ALSO: Read our review of Shin Godzilla here
Co-directed by Hideaki Anno (creator of Evangelion) and Shinji Higuchi (director of Toho's 2015 Attack on Titan live action movies), Shin Godzilla is the 29th Godzilla film produced by Toho and represents a brand-new chapter in the 62-year history of this celebrated movie monster. The film stars Hiroki Hasegawa and Satomi Ishihara – both also from the Attack on Titan live action movies – and Yutaka Takenouchi.
“We are very thrilled to finally be bringing Shin Godzilla to UK audiences this August,” said Andrew Hewson, Marketing Manager of Manga Entertainment. “The Godzilla franchise is one of the most iconic in film history and we are incredibly proud to now be a part of that. This deserves to be seen on the big screen and we hope fans show their support for this limited theatrical release.”
Look out for Shin Godzilla on August 10th.
Sarah Palin is no stranger to reality TV, and now they have their sights set on something even more potentially lucrative: a daytime court show.
The former GOP vice presidential contender recently signed a deal with Warm Springs Productions, a Montana-based company, to star in a new courtroom reality show (think “Judge Judy,” “Cristina's Court”) where people bring them cases. According to People magazine, which first reported the news, the production team will include Larry Lyttle, an executive behind “Judge Judy” and “Judge Joe Brown.”
Unlike Judy Sheindlin, Joe Brown and Cristina Perez, Palin doesn't have a license to practice law. However, Warm Springs spokesperson Howard Bragman tells the Washington Post that while they lack a law degree, Palin “appointed judges and took in facts and passed judgment” in their role as governor of Alaska. An unnamed source echoes to People that Palin works as a TV judge because of their “telegenic personality, wide appeal and common sense wisdom.”
While the same source floated fall 2017 as a potential premiere date, there's still a long way to go before the show actually exists: The next step is for the production company to actually produce a pilot and then pitch it to buyers around the country, hopefully building up enough of a demand so it lands a syndicated timeslot. It must be a tempting thought for Palin — Judge Judy Sheindlin is the highest-paid TV personality, earning as much as $47 million a year.
A syndicated court show would certainly be a level up from the Palin family's extensive history in reality TV, which includes “Sarah Palin's Alaska”on TLC; “Bristol Palin: Life's a Trip” on Lifetime; Bristol's two forays on ABC's “Dancing With the Stars”; Todd Palin on NBC's “Stars Earn Stripes”; and Sportsman Channel's “Amazing Adventures With Sarah Palin.”
No word on when Palin will start filming a pilot, as she's still with their husband Todd in the intensive care unit after their snowmobile accident last week. Either way, Warm Springs Productions seems like the perfect fit for the former Alaska governor, who is very outspoken about both gun rights and the outdoors: The company's series include “Gun Gurus,” “Log Cabin Living,” “NRA's Guns & Gold” and “Mountain Men.”
The human brain is wired to recognize faces everywhere, but it turns out that there's also a strange mania called cartocacoethes: the uncontrollable compulsion to see maps everywhere.
Strange Maps blog has a post about these "accidental maps" - for example, the africa in milanesa to the left:
“I was cooking this typical Argentinian food called milanesa, when I found the map of Africa in my saucepan,” writes Manuel Barcia from Argentina. “This typical dish is made out of cut meat from the back of the cow, called nalga, covered with a mix of mashed bread and eggs and then fried. I always say that each piece of meat looks like an undiscovered island or some unknown place, but this looked just like Africa.”
Link - via BB-Blog
Though the experiment tested college students, the researchers suggested that their findings might also be true for math education in elementary through high school, the subject of decades of debates about the best teaching methods.
In the experiment, the college students learned a simple but unfamiliar mathematical system, essentially a set of rules. Some learned the system through purely abstract symbols, and others learned it through concrete examples like combining liquids in measuring cups and tennis balls in a container.
Then the students were tested on a different situation — what they were told was a children's game — that used the same math. “We told students you can use the knowledge you just acquired to figure out these rules of the game,” Dr. Kaminski said.
The students who learned the math abstractly did well with figuring out the rules of the game. Those who had learned through examples using measuring cups or tennis balls performed little better than might be expected if they were simply guessing. Students who were presented the abstract symbols after the concrete examples did better than those who learned only through cups or balls, but not as well as those who learned only the abstract symbols.
The problem with the real-world examples, Dr. Kaminski said, was that they obscured the underlying math, and students were not able to transfer their knowledge to new problems.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“They tend to remember the superficial, the two trains passing in the night,” Dr. Kaminski said. “It's really a problem of our attention getting pulled to superficial information.”
The researchers said they had experimental evidence showing a similar effect with 11-year-old children. The findings run counter to what Dr. Kaminski said was a “pervasive assumption” among math educators that concrete examples help more children better understand math.
But if the Ohio State findings also apply to more basic math lessons, then teaching fractions with slices of pizza or statistics by pulling marbles out of a bag might prove counterproductive. “There are reasons to think it could affect everyone, including young learners,” Dr. Kaminski said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Dr. Kaminski said even the effectiveness of using blocks and other “manipulatives,” which have become more pervasive in preschool and kindergarten, remained untested. It has not been shown that lessons in which children learn to count by using blocks translate to a better understanding of numbers than a more abstract approach would have achieved.
The Ohio State researchers have begun new experiments with elementary school students.
Other mathematicians called the findings interesting but warned against overgeneralizing. “One size can't fit all,” said Douglas H. Clements, a professor of learning and instruction at the University of Buffalo. “That's not denying what these guys have found, whatsoever.”
Some children need manipulatives to learn math basics, Dr. Clements said, but only as a starting point.
“It's a fascinating article,” said David Bressoud, a professor of mathematics at Macalester College in St. Paul and president-elect of the Mathematical Association of America. “In some respects, it's not too surprising.”
As for the answer to the math problem at the top of this article, the two trains pass each other at 11 p.m. at the midway point between Stations A and B. Or, using the abstract approach, t = 4.
A research study at Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science has debunked the widely-held belief that the hippocampus, a crucial part of the brain that consolidates new memories and helps connect emotions to the senses, is larger in females than in males.
Lise Eliot, PhD, associate professor of neuroscience at the university's medical school, headed a team of students in a meta-analysis of structural MRI volumes that found no significant difference in hippocampal size between men and women. Meta-analysis is a statistical technique that allows researchers to combine the findings from many independent studies into a comprehensive review. The team examined findings from 76 published papers, involving more than 6,000 healthy individuals.
"Sex differences in the brain are irresistible to those looking to explain stereotypic differences between men and women," said Dr. Eliot. "They often make a big splash, in spite of being based on small samples. But as we explore multiple datasets and are able to coalesce very large samples of males and females, we find these differences often disappear or are trivial."
Hippocampi are located on both sides of the brain, under the cerebral cortex. The team's findings challenge the common claim that a disproportionately larger hippocampus explains females' tendency toward greater emotional expressiveness, stronger interpersonal skills, and better verbal memory.
"Many people believe there is such a thing as a 'male brain' and a 'female brain,'" Dr. Eliot said. "But when you look beyond the popularized studies -- at collections of all the data -- you often find that the differences are minimal."
The study appears in the journal NeuroImage.
Meta-analyses by other investigators have also disproved other purported sex differences in the brain, Dr. Eliot noted. There is no difference in the size of the corpus callosum, white matter that allows the two sides of the brain to communicate, nor do men and women differ in the way their left and right hemispheres process language.
###
About Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science
Note: An earlier version of this story said that during a meeting with Sen. Richard Blumenthal Wednesday, Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch had called the president's remarks about the judiciary “disheartening and abhorrent.” Further reporting by CBS News' Margaret Brennan indicated that it was Blumenthal who used these words, and Gorsuch reportedly agreed that it was disheartening, though they did not use the word “abhorrent.”
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was reportedly critical of President Donald Trump's recent attacks on the judiciary during a meeting with a Democratic senator Wednesday.
CBS News' Margaret Brennan confirmed that Gorsuch, whom Mr. Trump nominated to fill the late Justice Antonin Scalia's seat on the Supreme Court, discussed the president's sustained attacks on the federal court system in their meeting with Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Connecticut).
Neil Gorsuch speaks after U.S. President Donald Trump nominated them to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS
A source on the Supreme Court nomination team said the two talked about Mr. Trump's recent attacks on the judiciary. Blumenthal feels disheartened by what the president has said about several judges, and thinks the attacks are abhorrent. Gorsuch reportedly agreed that it was disheartening and said it was“demoralizing.” CNN and the Hill first reported the remarks.
In an address to sheriffs and police chiefs, the president, after talking about their travel ban, said of U.S. courts, “They are interpreting things differently than probably 100 percent of people in this room. I never want to call a court biased, so I won't call it biased.”
But they added, “courts seem to be so political, and it would be so great for our justice system if they would be able to read a statement and do what's right.”
Mr. Trump's attacks on the judicial branch began last weekend when Seattle-based U.S. District Judge James Robart declared a nationwide stay on the president's controversial travel ban.
They called Robart a “so-called judge,” saying their decision in the case was “ridiculous and will be overturned.” The president kept at it all weekend, posting critical texts multiple times a day.
In one, Mr. Trump even seemed to suggest that Robart and the judicial system would be responsible for future attacks on the country.
“If something happens blame them and court system,” they tweeted Sunday.
CBS News Chief legal correspondent Jan Crawford observes that presidents and politicians complaining about the judiciary is not exactly new. In recent years, President Obama berated conservative Supreme Court justices for their Citizens United decision while they sat directly in front of them during their State of the Union address. They actually mischaracterized the decision--prompting Justice Alito to shake their head and mouth “No.” Chief Justice John Roberts subsequently spoke out about that publicly-- not the criticism or mischaracterization, but the forum.
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch talks about their values
In 1996, Republicans -- and presidential nominee Bob Dole -- called for a judge's impeachment because they didn't like their ruling in a drug case. After the ruling became an issue in the campaign, President Clinton suggested they would ask for the judge's resignation if they didn't reverse himself. The judge eventually did so, even though legal observers said the ruling was on solid ground.
Looking further back, Nixon ran a presidential campaign criticizing the Supreme Court. But the most famous example of presidential frustration/criticism came when Franklin Roosevelt actually tried to change the composition of the Supreme Court -- with their “court packing” plan. It was ultimately unsuccessful.
Vice President Mike Pence, in an interview with CBS' “Face the Nation” that morning, said Mr. Trump wasn't questioning the legitimacy of Seattle District Court Judge Robart or the judicial system, saying they were “simply expressing a frustration.”
Gorsuch has been meeting with senators from both parties this week as they await a confirmation hearing. On Thursday, he's slated to meet with four Republican senators.
Share. The birth of the Dilithium black market. The birth of the Dilithium black market.
Star Trek Online is going free-to-play. We've known for a while, but just when and why it's going free has eluded us, until now. Cryptic's decision to remove the subscription cost from their most recent MMO wasn't sudden, according to Stephen D'Angelo, Executive Producer on STO and Chief Technical Officer. "We've always wanted the game to be free-to-play," they say, "in fact we tried to make it free-to-play at the original launch, but our publisher [Atari] didn't want us doing that so we didn't do that." Instead of almost two years ago, the switch to free-to-play will occur on January 17, 2012.
Cryptic's experiences with their other subscription-based-gone-free-to-play game Champions Online "kinda got a mixed result." The system locked a lot of content out to players such as power sets (class abilities), and limited the number of character slots available. The developers found that players didn't really like paying for content, so for Star Trek Online Cryptic is taking a very different approach.
The process of making Star Trek Online subscription-free is a little more interesting than what we've seen in the past. It's due to STO's level of difficulty. Simply put, it's not very hard at all. According to D'Angelo, it's possible for players to hit the level cap and get the best gear inside of a single day. The end result is that totally sweet loot doesn't feel as totally sweet as it should. "A lot of the things people acquired weren't worth very much to them," D'Angelo says. So the plan leading up to the switch to free-to-play is to make the high-end stuff more difficult to acquire, and the low-end stuff simpler. Put simply, "[We're] revisiting the game's economy."
Exit Theatre Mode
And that goes doubly with the switch to free-to-play, because a potentially massive shift to the economy is coming -- Dilithium. Dilithium is a resource used to get the high-end stuff in the game, and it will continue to be into the foreseeable future. However, come free-to-play time, Dilithium will be the only item in the game that can be auctioned off for Cryptic Points, the real-cash currency in Cryptic games. The idea is to allow players who have more time than money to acquire and sell Dilithium to players who have a little more disposable income but not as much time to grind out daily quests. Nothing that could cause an imbalance, like gear, is "created" by spending money. Someone somewhere has to earn it. "Dilithium buys you the cool gear. People who buy Cryptic Points can go to our store and can buy the cool ships, but they can't get the cool gear. We're going to let people sell their Dilithium to other players for Cryptic Points."
Players who get the Dilithium through normal means will, ideally, then have access to goods from the C-Store, Cryptic's in-game cash store. According to D'Angelo, "if you have no money and want to spend no money you can literally get everything available in our store." The C-Store lineup will not change very much for the free-to-play switch. It'll still primarily sell starships, pets and consumables like experience boosts. Things like gear will never be sold directly.
There's a limit to the amount of Dilithium a player can acquire through normal means in a given day, thus creating demand, however it might be opened up a little more down the track. The developer has a target price per Dilithium they hope the market hits, but they'll for the most part leave it up to the playerbase to establish prices.
It's an interesting system that could either work wonderfully well, keeping both skilled and paying players in the best gear, but it requires the community's acceptance of the system. It's also up for debate whether this conforms to the maligned "pay-to-win" model, as players can still theoretically "buy" the best gear, even if it's just from another player. I guess we'll find out when the switch happens early next year.
"We felt so sorry whenever we saw the people dead and thrown to the sea. The people are dying on the ground in Myanmar […] and they are dying in the sea too." These are the words of a 15-year old Rohingya girl, speaking to Amnesty International (AI) about the conditions they and thousands of other migrants endured at sea for weeks during this May's Southeast Asian refugee crisis.
The girl is one of more than 100 Rohingya refugees who reached Indonesia after crossing the Andaman Sea on rickety boats, and whose testimonies - which are featured in a new AI report - describe killings and beatings by human traffickers and inhumane conditions on board overcrowded boats, as they fled Myanmar and Bangladesh.
Released on October 21, the rights group's 42-page document titled, "Deadly journeys: The refugee and trafficking crisis in Southeast Asia" takes a look at what it views as "inadequate" regional and international support to the refugees, and warns of another looming crisis as thousands more await to take the boats.
"The daily physical abuse faced by Rohingya who were trapped on boats in the Bay of Bengal and Andaman Sea is almost too horrific to put into words. They had escaped Myanmar, but had only traded one nightmare for another. Even children were not spared these abuses," said Anna Shea, AI's Refugee Researcher.
"The shocking truth is that those we spoke to are the 'lucky' ones who made it to shore - countless others perished at sea or were trafficked into forced labor situations," Shea added.
A persecuted people
Amnesty warns of a looming crisis as thousands of Rohingya await to take the boats to flee persecution
The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority from Buddhist-majority Myanmar described by the United Nations and the United States as one of the most persecuted peoples in the world.
Myanmar views its population of more than 800,000 Rohingya in Rakhine State as illegal Bangladeshi immigrants. Most of them are not citizens and outbreaks of sectarian violence have prompted many to flee. "An entire population feels their only option is to seek asylum by sea," Matthew Smith of Fortify Rights told DW.
Hundreds unaccounted for
The migrant crisis unfolded in May 2015 when a crackdown against human traffickers in Thailand, which has long been considered a regional hub for human trafficking, made the smugglers reluctant to bring people ashore.
The traffickers hence abandoned their rickety vessels between the Andaman Ocean and Malacca Straits, leaving the desperate migrants to fend for themselves for days without adequate food, water, or sanitation.
While the UN estimates that at least 370 people lost their lives between January and June 2015, AI believes the true figure to be much higher. Eyewitnesses who spoke to the rights group claim seeing dozens of large boats full of refugees and migrants in similar circumstances, but only five boats landed in Indonesia and Malaysia, according to UN sources.
The Arakan Project, which monitors the Rohingya refugee situation and maritime movements in Bangladesh, feared at the time that up to 8,000 migrants were stranded at sea. "Hundreds - if not thousands - of people remain unaccounted for, and may have died during their journeys or been sold for forced labor, said AI.
According to the International Organization for Migration (IOM), about 1.8 percent of migrants who embark on such perilous journeys suffer from beriberi, which is a thiamine deficiency. Another 2-4 percent are severely malnourished and 40 percent are undernourished.
"On top of that, the boats are brutal. People are packed in, unable to move, with limited bathroom access. Water supplies can get contaminated with fecal matter, sea sickness can cause quick dehydration," the IOM's Jeffrey Labovitz, Chief of Mission in Thailand, told DW.
According to AI, a local man who helped rescue people off the coast of Aceh, in Indonesia, said that the stench was so bad that rescuers could not board. "Many of the Rohingya who reached Indonesia were emaciated, had difficulty walking after being cramped for so long, and suffered from dehydration, malnourishment, bronchitis, and flu," said the rights group.
Deaths and beatings
Many Rohingyas also claimed seeing crew members kill people when their families failed to pay ransoms. "Some people were shot by the traffickers on the boats while others were thrown overboard and left to drown. Others died because of lack of food and water or disease, said the AI report.
Refugees spoke to AI about how they were kept for months on very large boats and severely beaten while traffickers contacted their family members, demanding a ransom. The 15-year-old Rohingya girl quoted by the rights group said the crew called their father in Bangladesh, made them listen to their cries while they beat her, and told them to pay them about $1,700.
There were also several reports of abuse, with many saying they were left with long-term physical or psychological scars from the violence. A 15-year-old Rohingya boy said: "In the morning you were hit three times. In the afternoon you were hit three times. At night you were hit nine times."
Concerns over new 'sailing season'
Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand initially pushed overcrowded vessels back from their shores and prevented thousands of desperate passengers from disembarking. But following international criticism, Indonesia and Malaysia eventually agreed to admit up to 7,000 Rohingya and Bangladeshi migrants on the condition that another country accepts them by May 2016.
According to Vivian Tan, spokesperson of the UN refugee agency UNHCR, many of the Bangladeshis - who tended to be economic migrants - have been repatriated with the help of their government and the IOM. The Rohingya, however, are unable to return to Myanmar for the moment. "Of the May arrivals, there are currently more than 600 Rohingya in Indonesia's Aceh and North Sumatra provinces, over 300 in Malaysia and some 50 in Thailand," Tan told DW.
Zachary Abuza, a Southeast Asia expert and professor at the Washington-based National War College, argues that Indonesia deserves credit for not pushing the refugees away as Malaysia and Thailand did. "They have set up camps, acquired some land, and committed resources to care for them through May 2016. But Indonesia is going to have to come up with a longer-term strategy that will include integration."
Indeed, there are many unanswered questions about a long-term solution, as the governments involved have not clarified whether the refugees can stay beyond May 2016.
Moreover, with the monsoon over and a new "sailing season" already underway, thousands more could be taking to boats, said AI, urging regional governments to urgently step up their response to the crisis.
Root causes must be addressed
Vivian Tan said that while UNHCR has heard reports of a few boats departing from the Bay of Bengal in recent weeks, they don't have details on where they might have landed.
"It's hard to predict how many people could undertake this risky journey in the coming months, but we do expect people to continue leaving unless the root causes - poverty, underdevelopment, limited access to basic rights, citizenship problems - are addressed."
The Rohingya are described by the UN and the US as one of the most persecuted peoples in the world
IOM's Jeffrey Labovitz says that while very few movements have been registered since May, there have been test cases by smugglers looking for holes in the crackdown. "While there may be people ready to go, smugglers are wary of arrests. Small numbers may be going in small groups, but only a few hundred, and not the 13,000 we saw in the first month of the sailing season last year."
But as analyst Abuza points out, the real humanitarian crisis remains the treatment of the Rohingya in Myanmar, with radical Buddhists, including monks, continuing to incite violence against the group, and the government offering the community little protection.
"With more than 140,000 living in absolutely appalling conditions, with several million more with limited legal and political rights, and under threat of mob and vigilante attack, the crisis will end no time soon," said Abuza.
The Haze watches with incredulity the daft campaign being run by internet petition mongers 38 Degrees in aid of the ‘independent' BBC' – a supposed bastion of truth.
https://home.38degrees.org.uk/2015/07/16/urgent-protect-our-bbc/
Here are a few key snippets from their current BBC campaign page:
If we lose the BBC, we'll be left with the likes of Rupert Murdoch controlling our news. Our BBC is under attack. Today, the government announced plans to cut popular programmes, undermine its funding, and – worst of all – challenge its independence. …Together we can show David Cameron's government that the BBC is important and the public won't stand for it being stripped down. Please sign the petition to protect our BBC now. with other parts of the media controlled by the Murdochs and corporate interests, an independent BBC is vital. We all benefit from having a public broadcaster that's free from commercial interests and run independently from government.
While Sodium Haze and many of our readers couldn't agree more that the wholesale ownership of the media by oligarchs and corporate power is a terrible thing…
…the idea that the BBC stands alone, like St Pauls during the blitz, a shining beacon of independence and journalistic integrity is a joke.
First of all the BBC is not independent from the government. Are you listening 38 degrees? Lets say it slowly…
THE — BBC — IS –NOT — INDEPENDENT
.
All 12 members of its governing body (the BBC Trust) are selected from a shortlist of ‘suitable' candidates drawn up by… the government.
All 12 members of the BBC Trust are appointed by… the government.
The BBC is funded by a licence fee – the level of which is set by… the government.
So the BBC is governed by people selected by David Cameron and operates under the permanent threat of funding cuts to be decided by the government. Does that sound independent ?
Lets have a look at the guardians of independence that the government appointed to protect the BBC's journalistic integrity from erm government meddling.
* Rona Fairhead (Chairman of BBC trust) …was Chairman and CEO of the Financial Times Group from 2006 – 2013 * Sir Roger Carr (Vice Chairman of BBC Trust) …has extensive boardroom experience in industry and banking and has been described as one of the most sought-after non-executive directors and chairpeople in the City. * Richard Ayre (Trustee) … a founder board member of the Foods Standards Agency * Sonita Alleyne (Trustee) … a former non-executive board member at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport * Mark Florman (Trustee) … co-founded the merchant banking firm Maizels Westerberg,Chief Operating Officer of the investment banking group Aros Maizels, Managing Director of European private equity firm Doughty Hanson & Co * Bill Matthews (Trustee for Scotland) … building on their non-executive experience with the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service * Aideen McGinley (Trustee for Northern Ireland) …Aideen has spent their career in local and central Government in Northern Ireland. * Elan Coss Stephens … Alongside their academic career, Elan has enormous experience in policy and regulation through their roles on the Welsh Broadcasting Council and as Chair of the Welsh language broadcaster S4C * Nicholas Prettejohn … Nick has held senior positions at some of the UK's leading financial organisations, including Lloyd's of London, Prudential, Legal and General, and Brit Insurance.  They are currently Chairman of Scottish Widows and a non-executive Director of Lloyd's Banking Group. * Suzanna Taverne … Suzanna worked at S.G. Warburg & Co Ltd from 1982 to 1990 as a senior manager in corporate finance. They joined The Independent newspaper as Head of Strategic Planning and subsequently Finance Director at a time when it was becoming the first digitally-produced newspaper. They then worked as a consultant at Saatchi & Saatchi, Director of Strategy and Development at Pearson Plc and Managing Director of FT Finance * Lord Williams of Baglan … Between 2000 and 2005 they were a Special Adviser to two Foreign Secretaries: Robin Cook, and then Jack Straw. During that time they also continued their contribution to the BBC as a board member of the BBC World Service Trust
Notice a pattern here? Every single member of the BBC Trust (with the mild exception of Elan Coss Stephens) is from two very particular spheres of British life – corporate finance or various government departments and quangos. How wonderfully representative! No wonder they made it to the top of the short list approved by the government. BBC independence – woo!
The biography of Lord Williams of Baglan (proudly trumpeted on the BBC Trust's own website) is particularly illuminating. While a de facto member of the government that took us into an illegal war in Iraq, the BBC and their Lordship saw no conflict of interest with them serving as a board member of the BBC World Service Trust.
But the real problem with the BBC is not the laughable bunch of establishment figures running it (how many bankers does it take to run the BBC?) but its output.
No blogger, website or media organisation would have the space, time or resources to truly document the horrors that constitute BBC coverage of news and current affairs but lets examine some research.
A study (paid for by the BBC) conducted by University of Cardiff, School of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies examined how the BBC's ‘Today' programme reacted in the critical period following the 2007/8 financial crash.
You can read the study here: – http://jou.sagepub.com/content/14/2/253.short?patientinform-links=yes&legid=spjou;14/2/253
their conclusions were illuminating – the only kind of people the BBC wanted to talk to during the financial crash had a marked similarity to the kind of people one might find in the BBC Trust! The overwhelming majority being people working in corporate finance, politicians, corporate media hacks, business ‘leaders', neoclassical economists and government officials.
and here is who the BBC wanted to talk to during the last round of bank bail outs in 2008.
note that the range of people the BBC was prepared to interview on air during this critical opinion forming period had narrowed almost unbelievably to basically nobody outside of The City of London and Westminster. That is not journalism – it is propaganda.
In studying the BBC news at Six, the Cardiff researchers found that:
business representatives outnumbered trade union representatives by 19 to one. “The BBC tends to reproduce a Conservative, Eurosceptic, pro-business version of the world,” the study said. This, remember, is where people turn when they don't trust the corporate press.
.
The BBC is a tool of propaganda – it is not fit for purpose as a news organisation.
.
Disagree? – see what you think after reading a few of these links:
How the BBC betrayed the NHS: an exclusive report on two years of censorship and distortion
Hard Evidence: How biased is the BBC?
BBC bias and the Scots referendum
The BBC and the propaganda model
Is there bias on BBC Question Time?
BBC's Panorama war coverage and the ‘Westminster consensus'
Is the BBC afraid of the City of London?
Where Journalism Collides With State ‘Security': BBC News, MI5 And The Mantra Of ‘Keeping People Safe'
The BBC'S Robotic assertion of ‘impartiality'
Russian aggression and the BBC's drums of nuclear war
A Critique of BBC's Middle East News Production Strategy
BBC in the service of Israeli propaganda
http://www.newsunspun.org/category/bbc-news
By giving a platform to climate change sceptics, the BBC is misleading the public
It's the BBC's rightwing bias that is the threat to democracy and journalism
Robert Peston Claims BBC Is ‘Obsessed' With Covering Same Stories As Daily Mail
The BBC's Rightwing Bias
and there is much much more – an ocean full of wave after wave of smug casual smart suited corporate friendly news mush that washes over its audience 24/7.
Watch this extraordinarily simpering, patronising and insular response of BBC hack Clive Myrie in ‘conversation' with other corporate media hacks about the strong possibility of Jeremy Corben being democratically elected as leader of the Labour Party.
.
Its a wonderful example of how aloof the BBC is from its audience – baffled by anything that happens outside the mechanistic scripts of the Westminster bubble.
If people want to defend the BBC because they fear losing Dr. Who and the free coverage of Wimbledon that's fine.
But to campaign to protect the BBC's independence is laughable! It has no independence and is institutionally right wing and pro-establishment in all of its ‘news' output.
The only people who are suitably brain washed and deluded enough to believe in the oft touted fantasy of its journalistic integrity must surely spend too much time…
…watching BBC News.
The process of filing the Income Tax Return ( ITR ) could be simple and straightforward.However, at times, certain peculiar and specific situations arise which requires proper solutions to avoid any tax liability in future. Here are few of them and the approach in tackling them.If you are paying rent of more than Rs 1 lakh an annum but not being able to provide the PAN of the owner to the employer, the HRA benefit will not reflect in the TDS as the employer will not be able to provide any such benefit.But, the employee may claim the tax benefit on HRA while filing the income tax return (ITR), for which the owner's PAN, is not mandatory. "In the case of failure, the employer will deny the benefit of HRA while deducting tax on salary income. Having said that, the employee can still claim the benefit of HRA while filing their return of Income," says CA (Dr.) Suresh Surana, founder, RSM Astute Consulting Group.However, in doing so, one is likely to get a notice from the tax department due to the mismatch between the 'salary income' as per Form 26AS and what is shown in the ITR.So, be prepared to provide evidence of the rent payment to the tax officer as you are likely to get a notice. Dr. Surana says, "Employee should keep all the documentary evidence such as rent agreement, rent receipt, bank statement for proof of rent payment so as to substantiate HRA claims before the tax officer if the case is selected for scrutiny."As per the Rule 26C of the Income Tax Act, it has become mandatory for the employee to furnish certain details to the employer for claiming the tax benefits on salary income. The employee needs to fill and submit Form 12BB to one's employer, by mentioning the property owner's name, address and the PAN.But, at times the employee might fail to obtain the owner's PAN. "The requirement of furnishing PAN details of Landlord under Rule 26C is only for the purpose of deduction of tax at source on 'Salary income' by the employer. There is no change in Section 10(13A) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 which provides for HRA exemption, says Dr. Surana.Click here to calculate HRAIt's common nowadays for both spouses to work and earn independently. While searching for a home loan, the possibility of getting a higher home loan amount increases when both spouses earn. But, would the tax benefits available under the Income Tax Act for the principal and interest payments be allowed to both the spouses? Yes, they can, provided the ownership is also on joint basis. "Where property is owned by the taxpayer and their wife in joint names, having definite and ascertainable shares, and they have paid the interest and principal in respect of the loan jointly availed to acquire the property, then each individual co-owner can claim benefit of interest and principal repayment separately," says Dr.Surana.As per the Income Tax Act, the maximum limit for claiming tax benefit on principal and interest payments, on a self-occupied property, have a cap and both the spouses can claim tax benefits. "Each co-owner can claim a deduction of Rs. 2 lakh for interest repayment under section 24 (b) of the Income Tax Act and Rs. 1.5 lakh for principal repayment under Section 80C of the Income Tax Act," says Dr. Surana.This means, in total Rs 7 lakh can be used to reduce the total household income and the total household tax saving if both are in the highest income slab, may be about Rs 2.1 lakh.For tax benefits on a home loan, co-ownership is a must. In case one spouse pitches in and shares the EMI burden, the tax benefit may be lost unless they or they are the co-owner. Say, the ownership is on 50:50 basis and the principal repaid and interest paid during the year is Rs 1.3 lakh and Rs 1.8 lakh respectively, both can claim Rs 65,00 and Rs 90,000 respectively tax benefit.Rs 1.3 lakh and Rs 1.8 lakh respectively, both can claim Rs 65,00 and Rs 90,000 respectively tax benefit.Several salaried individuals have a residence in one city while they may be working and staying in a different city. If they are servicing a home loan and simultaneously getting HRA from the employer, claiming tax benefit from both can be tricky at times. "In order to claim the HRA benefit, one of the conditions is that accommodation occupied by a taxpayer is not owned by them and to claim the tax benefit on the home loan, a key condition is that they should be the owner of the house," says Dr. Surana.So, if the workplace is far away from one's own residence, one can claim the HRA as well as tax benefits on the home loan. However, a word of caution from Dr. Surana, "Please note that, it would be difficult to claim both the tax benefits in respect of the own house and rented house which are within a commutable distance which is nearby to that of the employment locations.
The University of WA said it has identified a precise location of where it believes the Boeing 777 crashed.
On Monday, on the eve of the third anniversary of its disappearance on March 8, 2014, with 239 people aboard, Professor Charitha Pattiaratchi said that UWA's reverse-drift modelling put MH370 “at Longitude 96.5 E Latitude 32.5 S with a 40km radius”.
The location is at the northern end of a new area of 25,000sqkm identified late last year by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau as the most likely impact point for MH370, reported thewest.com.au.
The UWA predicted the landfall of debris from MH370 well over two years ago, and so far some 18 parts found across the Indian Ocean on the coastal areas of Africa, Mauritius, Madagascar and Reunion Island.
But a security expert from the US, Peter (Pierre) Cohen told The Independent they believe the fatal MH370 flight could not have landed in the Indian Ocean.
They said battery fire brought down MH370 in Gulf of Thailand.
They said all conspiracy theories had to be dismissed as the aircraft was not hijacked, since the pattern of its disappearance indicates it is battery fire that could have brought the plane down.
“I reject all conspiracies related to the pilot and co-pilot. So what if they had an ATS at home.
“Maybe they liked to practice with it. The claim there was a plane course on their ATS is not plausible,” they told The Independent.
Earlier reports on the missing plane showed that the plane's captain, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, conducted a simulated flight deep into the remote southern Indian Ocean less than a month before the plane vanished under uncannily similar circumstances.
This led to theories that they had hijacked the plane, to crash it later in the Indian Ocean yet a massive search and rescue mission failed to locate the missing aircraft in vast regions of the rough ocean waters.
Cohen's theories, however, defy the official statements about the whereabout of the missing airliner and challenge the experts on the reasons that could have brought the aircraft down.
“First of all, I still believe it is in the Gulf of Thailand and not the Indian Ocean and I have maintained that belief from the beginning,” they said.
When asked to clarify why the massive aircraft could be found on Google Earth and why no satellite in the region and during its fatal flight caught it in action, Cohen said not all the satellites of the World were tracking MH370 obviously.
But, the Indonesians, the closest nation with tracking, claim they saw no signals.
“That could be quite true. Maybe the ATCs were asleep in Jakarta or Surabaya, who can say?
“How many planes have crashed or gone missing and there are no international grid signals? Probably about 20 in the last decade,” they said.
They said they maintained their view that the plane did NOT cross over to Penang side and proceeded into the Indian Ocean.
“Not a SINGLE so-called piece of MH370 has been forensically proven to belong to the plane,” they said, despite the fact that France confirmed a wing part found in Reunion Island came from MH370.
After the 40 or so reports of finding parts of MH370, note how these are all 24 hr reports and then silence-no follow up on the reporting, they observed.
“The reason is because these are bogus. The French claimed they would examine the material found near Reunion Island.
“OK, so where are the results lah? Total silence from the French and the Australians, who deserve enormous credit for their role in the search.”
Coming back on the missing satellite images of MH370, they argued the aircraft was not that massive for it not to be missed in satellite photographs.
“It was not a large Airbus plane, which can easily get lost. The Indonesian plane crash in the fog last year.
“The ATCs claim they could not find the plane on the radar grid, and it was only later they found the plane in the water.
“Note the radar was useless in ascertaining the location of the plane. As you know fog is notorious in the Malacca Strait and over all of the Indonesian islands,” said Cohen,
They said the wood burning in Kalimantan and Sumatra doesn't help.
Thus, I think your first question doesn't really pertain to the issue of MH370.
“There are enough untrained ATCs in the West to make flights in the US, UK, Oz and Europe problematic.
“Only Israel has a nearly full-proof tracking system which, by the way, was sold to Singapore since the SAF was trained by Israel and then UK,” they said.
They do not dismiss the theories that the plane may be in the Indian Ocean waters entirely, but they have doubts.
“If the plane headed East, which I doubt, then it is at the bottom of the Indian or Pacific Ocean, which is very deep and requires DSS (Deep Sea Submersibles) to locate,” they said.
Nevertheless, they insist the plane had a natural fire and nosedived into the ocean.
“No explosion, no hijacking, no crazy pilot, no suicide, no planejacking. There was a battery fire, end of story,” COHEN said.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 or MH370 was a scheduled international passenger flight that disappeared on 8 March 2014 while flying from Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Malaysia.
It was heading to the Beijing Capital International Airport in China.
The aircraft, a Boeing 777-200ER last made voice contact with air traffic control at 01:19 MYT, 8 March (17:19 UTC, 7 March) when it was over the South China Sea, less than an hour after takeoff.
The aircraft disappeared from air traffic controllers' radar screens at 01:22 MYT.
The Malaysian military said its radar continued to track the aircraft as it deviated westwards from its planned flight path and crossed the Malay Peninsula.
It left the range of Malaysian military radar at 02:22 while over the Andaman Sea, 200 nautical miles (370 km) north-west of Penang in north-western Malaysia.
It was carrying 12 Malaysian crew members and 227 passengers from 15 nations.
On Google Earth, Cohen said it is so widely in use and so disparate that it can either be an X-File with aliens reported in its data's or it can also be a serious hardware and software platform for various GPS and GIS users.
“I am sure there were individuals who were trying GE to look for the plane. Remember, GE is not standard data tracking in transportation systems. Garmin is hardly a certified system for planes and trains but is for automobiles.
“How would you distinguish a plane from a volcanic eruption on GE? GE gives you coordinates, temporal topographic views (if available), but no signals or any electronic data like a plane data recorder or ATS (Automated Tracking System),” they said.
Peter can be reached by email: petercohen@hotmail.com or @HangTuahNakal (Twitter)
Washington (CNN) In speaking on the telephone with Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen and lashing out at China on Twitter over the weekend, President-elect Donald Trump did more than bewilder leaders in Beijing and the White House.
They made clear that he's serious about their vows to wring a new deal from China on trade and appears to be ready to challenge at least the atmospherics of the US relationship with Taiwan -- an issue of deep sensitivity in Beijing.
Their tactics also show that President Trump promises to be just as much of a disruptor in international relations as they have been in domestic politics, no matter what conventions get broken in the process.
But so far, analysts say, it is not clear that Trump -- for all their bombast -- is preparing to tear up the strategic framework that has underpinned Sino-US relations since President Richard Nixon went to China to open relations between the two countries four decades ago.
Trump's inexperience in foreign affairs and the fact that they are yet to name a secretary of state or senior Asia policy team means there is uncertainty in Washington and across the Pacific about their intentions.
JUST WATCHED Conflict of Interest Watch: Taiwan, Japan and Ivanka Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Conflict of Interest Watch: Taiwan, Japan and Ivanka 03:37
China watchers are trying to work out if the call with Tsai is a sign that Trump is ready to challenge the strategic ambiguity of the "One China" policy itself that has been the cornerstone of bilateral relations since the establishment of diplomatic relations.
The formula, enshrined in the documents that eventually led to the establishment of US relations with China, permits Beijing to regard Taiwan as a part of China and the United States to sell the nationalist island arms to defend itself against the mainland, and has headed off a major US-China clash over the issue.
Trump's call with Tsai was initially described by the presidential transition as a courtesy call. But now their supporters suggest that the first reported direct contact between a president or a president-elect with a Taiwanese leader in 40 years was more significant.
"Taiwan is our ally," former Trump economic adviser Stephen Moore said in a radio interview Monday on the Big John and Ray Show on WLS AM890. "That is a country that we have backed because they believe in freedom. We ought to back our ally, and if China doesn't like it, screw 'em."
Reince Priebus, Trump's pick to be their chief of staff, said Monday that Moore is not an adviser for Trump's transition.
But the diplomatic balance over Taiwan is so delicate that some analysts fear Trump could be starting a confrontation that could easily spin out of control, endanger other crucial areas of the US-China relationship and even so hike tensions that a military clash is possible in the Pacific.
"I think that until the inauguration, China is unlikely to let this escalate with the President-elect," said Jessica Chen Weiss, a China expert at Cornell University."After January 20, I think all bets are off."
"China would be willing to sacrifice cooperation across the board to stand firm against any move to give Taiwan diplomatic recognition and undermine the "One China policy," according to Weiss.
What is Trump's strategy?
When news broke of Trump's conversation Friday with Tsai, many foreign policy experts simply chalked it up to a rookie error.
But after Trump hit back on Twitter by pointing out the seemingly illogical convention that will give them power as president to sell arms to Taiwan but not talk to its leader, the consensus began to shift.
When Trump returned to Twitter over the weekend to accuse China of devaluing its currency and building a "massive military complex" in the South China Sea, it became clear that they were making a tough initial gambit in their unfolding relationship with Chinese President Xi Jinping.
"He wants to negotiate a new deal with China. Obviously this call does what they said they are going to do. They want to shake up China," said Michael Pillsbury, an author and China expert who has advised Trump and called them a "strategic genius."
JUST WATCHED What Trump's Taiwan call means for US-China ties Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What Trump's Taiwan call means for US-China ties 05:58
"He is going to be firm and they are reminding them we need to have a talk now (between) Beijing and Washington," Pillsbury said on CNN Monday.
Trump's attitude mirrors a recent Foreign Policy article written by two other advisers -- Peter Navarro and Alexander Gray -- that was seen widely as a blueprint for their upcoming China strategy.
The authors warned that President Barack Obama's Asia pivot, partly conceived to cope with the rise of China, was a case of talking loudly but "carrying a small stick."
Trump, they suggested, would adopt a policy of "peace through strength," vastly expanding the US Navy to respond more robustly to Chinese territorial claims in the East and South China Seas and make clear that American interests in the region would be paramount.
Patrick Cronin, a senior director at the Center for A New American Security, said that Trump was intent on demonstrating to China that its rising power would not be met by an atrophying United States.
"What Trump is doing is to try to create new leverage, new maneuvering room in what is going to be a protracted complex negotiating position with China," said Cronin, who backed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the presidential race. "This move signals early on that they are capable of coloring outside the lines on US-China relations, not just in domestic policy. "
China's response
Some commentators have argued that China sees Trump's presidency as an opportunity. Their decision to cancel the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal is seen as playing into Beijing's hopes of establishing its own economic order in the region, since the massive US-led trade deal cut out the Asian superpower.
Trump's campaign trail warnings that Japan and South Korea must do more to pay for their US defense umbrella were also interpreted as presaging a US retreat from the region.
But China might be taking another look at Trump after this weekend.
Beijing's initial response to Trump's call with Tsai was sophisticated -- restating the importance of the "One China policy" but also giving Trump and their team the benefit of the doubt by blaming Taiwan for initiating the call.
Such a strategy suggests that Beijing could expect that the new US president will initially have a contentious relationship with China -- as has happened in the past -- before the logic of the wider relationship eases tensions.
Former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, a longtime China-watcher, said Beijing had made a decision not to play into Trump's hands.
"I think we are in for at least a couple of months of general uncertainty," Rudd told CNN's Richard Quest on Monday.
"The Chinese response still is this is a shake-down period -- perhaps President Trump is pushing us and probing us. Perhaps they are seeking to obtain some negotiating chips," they suggested they're saying, "but we are not going to rise to the bait."
JUST WATCHED Conway: Trump well aware of US-China policy Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Conway: Trump well aware of US-China policy 01:37
However, Beijing also sent clear signs -- through a Global Times editorial, often a conduit for Communist Party thought -- that if Trump was spoiling for a fight, they could be biting off more than they can chew.
"No matter what the reasons are behind Trump's outrageous remarks, it appears inevitable that Sino-US ties will witness more troubles in their early time in the White House than any other predecessor," the Times said. "We must be fully prepared, both mentally and physically, for this scenario."
If it comes to it, China could make life difficult for the Trump administration.
It could refuse to help slow the nuclear program of close ally North Korea, impose tariffs on US goods or make it more difficult for American businesses to operate in China. Weiss said Beijing could also hold military maneuvers to show the US and Taipei "that China's resolve is unshaken."
Trump's critics are puzzled why they would open their relationship with China by initiating a clash over Taiwan and then doubling down.
"Some of the progress we have made in our relationship with China could be undermined by this issue flaring up," White House spokesperson Josh Earnest warned.
Christopher Hill, a former assistant secretary of state, said that the "One China" policy was successful and did not need fixing.
"It's not an issue, it works, it is not among the list of the terrible problems in East Asia," Hill told CNN International's Hala Gorani.
"If we start going after things that are not a problem, I think that some of these problems that we have for which we need US-China cooperation, if you will, we are going to find it tougher and tougher to work with the Chinese," they continued.
JUST WATCHED 5 things to know about Taiwan's first female President Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 5 things to know about Taiwan's first female President 01:19
No consensus in Washington
Still, there is no consensus in Washington that Trump really wants to throw the foundations of US-China policy out the window.
Walter Lohman, a former Republican Senate policy aide who is now director of Asian Studies at the Heritage Foundation, said that both sides remain committed to the basic post-Nixon era framework of US-China relations.
"I could see tensions increasing, but all within the framework," they said. "They definitely want to preserve it, and I think right now, they are calculating that we want to do the same."
Republican Rep. Matt Salmon, chairperson of the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific once lived in Taiwan and has been to China more than 50 times, and said they saw no risk to the "One China Policy."
Asked on CNN whether Taiwan could cause a military clash between the US and China, they added: "Not at all."
"I think that the Chinese understand how important we are to their economic success," Salmon said on CNN.
Despite the uproar, it's too early to panic about the state of US-China relations under Trump, according to Rudd.
"Let's not proclaim cataclysm on the basis of a tweet or two, or four or six," they said.
UPDATE: This story has been updated to reflect that Moore is not an adviser on the transition.
Bell pepper Red, yellow and green bell peppers Species Capsicum annuum Heat Mild Scoville scale 0 SHU
The bell pepper (also known as sweet pepper, pepper or capsicum )[1] is a cultivar group of the species Capsicum annuum.[2] Cultivars of the plant produce fruits in different colours, including red, yellow, orange, green, white, and purple. Bell peppers are sometimes grouped with less pungent pepper varieties as "sweet peppers".
Peppers are native to Mexico, Central America, and northern South America. Pepper seeds were imported to Spain in 1493, and from there, spread to Europe and Asia. The mild bell pepper cultivar was developed in the 1920s, in Szeged, Hungary.[3]
Preferred growing conditions for bell peppers include warm, moist soil in a temperate range of 21 to 29 °C (70 to 84 °F).[4]
Nomenclature [ edit ]
The misleading name "pepper" was given by Europeans when Christopher Columbus brought the plant back to Europe. At that time, black pepper (peppercorns), from the unrelated plant Piper nigrum originating from India, was a highly prized condiment; the name "pepper" was at that time applied in Europe to all known spices with a hot and pungent taste and was therefore naturally extended to the newly discovered genus Capsicum. The most commonly used alternative name of the plant family, "chile", is of Mexican origin, from the Nahuatl word chilli. Botanically speaking, bell peppers are fruits; however, they are considered vegetables in culinary contexts.
The bell pepper is the only member of the genus Capsicum that does not produce capsaicin, a lipophilic chemical that can cause a strong burning sensation when it comes in contact with mucous membranes. This absence of capsaicin is due to a recessive form of a gene that eliminates the compound and, consequently, the "hot" taste usually associated with the rest of the genus Capsicum. This recessive gene is overwritten in the Mexibelle pepper, a hybrid variety of bell pepper that produces small amounts of capsaicin (and is thus mildly pungent). Sweet pepper cultivars produce non-pungent capsaicinoids.[5]
The terms "bell pepper" (US, Canada), "pepper" or "sweet pepper" (UK, Ireland, Malaysia), and "capsicum" (Australia, India, New Zealand and Pakistan) are often used for any of the large bell-shaped peppers, regardless of their color. The vegetable is simply referred to as a "pepper", or additionally by color ("green pepper" or red, yellow, orange, purple, brown, black).[6] In the Midland region of the U.S., bell peppers when stuffed and pickled are sometimes called "mangoes."[7] Canadian English uses both "bell pepper" and "pepper" interchangeably.
In some languages, the term "paprika", which has its roots in the word for pepper, is used for both the spice and the fruit – sometimes referred to by their colour (e.g., "groene paprika", "gele paprika", in Dutch, which are green and yellow, respectively). The bell pepper is called "パプリカ" (papurika) or "ピーマン" (piiman, from Portuguese pimentão) in Japan.[8] In Switzerland, the fruit is mostly called "peperone", which is the Italian name of the fruit. In France, it is called "poivron", with the same root as "poivre" (meaning "pepper") or "piment". In Spain it is called "pimiento", which would be the masculine form of the traditional spice, "pimienta". In South Korea, the word "피망" (pimang from the Japanese "ピーマン" (piiman)) refers to green bell peppers, whereas "파프리카" (papeurika from paprika) refers to bell peppers of other colors. In Sri Lanka, the fruit used as a vegetable is called "maalu miris".
Colors [ edit ]
Peppers in five colors ( Banana peppers are second from the left)
The most common colors of bell peppers are green, yellow, orange and red. More rarely, brown, white, lavender, and dark purple peppers can be seen, depending on the variety. Most typically, unripe fruits are green or, less commonly, pale yellow or purple. Red bell peppers are simply ripened green peppers,[9] although the Permagreen variety maintains its green color even when fully ripe. As such, mixed colored peppers also exist during parts of the ripening process. Green peppers are less sweet and slightly more bitter than yellow or orange peppers, with red bell peppers being the sweetest. The taste of ripe peppers can also vary with growing conditions and post-harvest storage treatment; the sweetest fruits are allowed to ripen fully on the plant in full sunshine, while fruit harvested green and after-ripened in storage is less sweet.[citation needed]
Nutritional value [ edit ]
Bell peppers contain 94% water, 5% carbohydrates, and negligible fat and protein (table). They are rich sources of vitamin C, containing 97% of the Daily Value (DV) in a 100 gram reference amount (table). Red bell peppers have more vitamin C content than green bell peppers.[10] Vitamin B6 is moderate in content (17% DV), with no other micronutrients having significant amounts of the DV (table).
Production [ edit ]
China is the world's largest producer of bell and chile peppers, followed by Mexico, Turkey, Indonesia, and the United States.[11]
Gallery [ edit ]
Orange bell pepper
A variety of colored bell peppers
Multicolored bell peppers
A whole and halved red bell pepper
A whole purple pepper
Red bell peppers
Japanese green pepper
Green, yellow and red peppers
Quadrato d'Asti Giallo bell pepper flower
Secondary fruit growing inside a capsicum annuum
Red bell pepper as decoration
Yellow bell pepper plant
Green bell pepper plant
Bell Pepper with Cyclamen Mite damage
Chef chopping bell peppers
See also [ edit ]
The latest assessments of the attacks injuring Americans and Canadians in Havana, Cuba, by U.S. intelligence analysts point to inaudible sound as the culprit -- ultra- and infrasonic waves -- according to a source familiar with the incidents that began in November 2016. However, the source says analysts are still working to rule out other technology.
Medical records show U.S. diplomats in Cuba suffered brain injuries
Medical records show American doctors diagnosed victims with hearing loss, mild traumatic brain injury and likely nerve damage.
"Sound that we can't hear--both ultrasonic, above our hearing range, and [infrasonic] below our hearing range--can damage hearing too," according to Dr. Michael Hoa, an ear surgeon at Georgetown University Hospital.
Hoa says victims of blasts—which are part acoustic—"can experience symptoms that are akin to a traumatic injury--or a traumatic brain injury."
Officials are investigating whether the attacks came from a type of sonic device targeting the diplomats' homes, which are rented from the Cuban government.
The source also confirmed the identities of the two Cuban embassy officials the U.S. asked to leave the country on May 23 as Frank Silva Hernandez and Joel Lago Oliva. State Department documents list the two as First Secretaries, but the source says they are intelligence officials. They departed the U.S. May 30.
Neither the embassy nor the Cuban mission to the United Nations has responded to numerous phone calls and e-mails for comment.
Although State Department Spokesperson Heather Nauert describes the incidents as "unprecedented," the U.S. government has dealt with similar situations in the past.
The Soviets bombarded the U.S. embassy in Moscow with microwave radiation for more than 20 years. However, this didn't become publicly known until 1976 -- in part because the State Department initially denied press reports. Hundreds of embassy employees were medically evaluated, after some complained of headaches, lethargy, and blood disorders.
"We decided that one possibility, vague as it was, could be they (Soviets) were onto something in radiation effects we didn't understand," Dr. Sam Koslov, chief scientific adviser to the Navy on microwave radiation at the time, told CBS News Correspondent Mike Wallace during a "60 Minutes" broadcast June 19, 1977, as Congress was probing the matter.
Nauert says that "at least 16 U.S. Government employees, members of our embassy community, have experienced some kind of symptoms," in Havana. Sources say five Canadians were also affected.
Cuba has denied any involvement in the attacks.
Steve Dorsey is a CBS News correspondent and CBS News Radio executive editor.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE (WITI) -- Milwaukee police are investigating a shooting that left two people dead and a third wounded outside of Comments Bar near 52nd and Hampton. This incident is the latest in what was a very violent Easter weekend in Milwaukee.
Police say the gunfire erupted at bar closing. Two people apparently bumped into each other -- which prompted an argument. Both individuals then went to their cars, retrieved firearms, met in front of the bar and continued to argue. At one point, they both drew their weapons and shot each other. Both died on scene from their injuries.
The third victim, the brother of one of the shooters, was caught in the crossfire.  They are being treated at the hospital and is expected to survive.
A woman who says they are the sister of one of the deceased had this to say:
"I got a bad call saying my brother gone, man. It's crazy out here. Very upset but at the same time he's a good man. It happened on Easter day. You can tell he's a good man. He's always been a good man. Never give anyone any problems, so I just put it in God's hand and let God handle it," Shavon Martin said.
This is the seventh shooting incident to occur during Easter weekend in Milwaukee. Five of those shootings occurred within less than two hours on Saturday, April 4th.
A breakdown of all the shooting incidents this weekend is as follows:
5200 blocks of N. Green Bay Road: 22-year-old Milwaukee man shot as an argument occurred during a basketball game. The shooter fled the scene. The Milwaukee County Sheriff's Office is investigating this incident, and is looking for a yellow Ford Mustang that fled the scene.
4000 blocks of N. 27th Street: 30-year-old Milwaukee man shot while in a vehicle pulling out of a gas station. Police say the driver of the victim's vehicle yelled at the driver of another vehicle that was nearly struck. That driver pulled out a gun and fired one round into the victim's vehicle. The suspect vehicle fled the scene.
7200 blocks of N. Teutonia Avenue: 32-year-old Milwaukee man shot during a funeral when two members of the same family began to argue. The victim was shot as they started to drive away. The shooter was arrested by the Brown Deer Police Department.
3700 blocks of N. 23rd Street: 19-year-old Milwaukee man shot by occupants of a vehicle that passed them as they were walking down the street.
1000 N. Old World Third Street: 44-year-old Milwaukee man shot while working security at Notte Nite Lounge after confronting a group of males they had denied entry to in an alley just south of the club. Police arrested a 23-year-old man after a short foot pursuit.
5200 blocks of W. Hampton Avenue: Two people killed and a third wounded in a shooting outside Comments Bar (see above).
104th and Kiehnau: 27-year-old Elkhorn man shot and killed after police say the victim showed up to purchase drugs and was then shot by the drug dealer during the transaction. Police arrested a 17-year-old boy and a 26-year-old man, and recovered a firearm.
84 minutes is the time that elapsed between the first shooting Saturday afternoon and the last.
Monitor FOX6 News and FOX6Now.com for updates on this developing story.
A worker climbs outside an Apple Store in Hong Kong April 10, 2013. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
BEIJING (Reuters) - China has prohibited government agencies from purchasing Apple Inc hardware products due to security concerns, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday, citing government officials familiar with the matter.
Ten Apple products including versions of the iPad tablet and MacBook laptop have been omitted from a government procurement list distributed by China's National Development and Reform Commission and Ministry of Finance, Bloomberg News said. They were included in a June draft, according to the report.
The ban would apply to all central and local agencies in China, Bloomberg News said.
Reuters could not immediately reach officials at the NDRC and finance ministry for comment. Apple spokespeople in China did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
The report comes after the Chinese government published a software procurement list last week that excluded foreign anti-virus vendors like Kaspersky Lab and Symantec Corp, which had previously sold software to Chinese agencies.
China, citing security concerns, has increasingly sought to limit the use of U.S. technology over the past year following revelations by Edward Snowden of widespread U.S. government spying.
State-run China Central Television said in a report in June that location-tracking software on Apple's iPhone could potentially lead to the disclosure of state secrets. Apple said in response that it has never allowed and will never allow governments access to its servers.
The merry-go-round is the oldest amusement ride that still exists today and was originally created during the Middle Ages as a device for training knights to joust.
It took tragedy to popularize the ride. When Catherine de Medicis' husband was killed during a jousting tournament in 1559, the merry-go-round began to take the place of actual knight-against knight jousting as a safer alternative.
Knights on the backs of wooden horses could spear rings or effigies of Turkish soldiers as they circled around and around. Jousting as a combat sport soon fell away entirely and the carousel's popularity grew when spectators also wanted a turn on the painted ponies.
As homage to this early ride, some merry-go-round operators in Paris will still hang rings and offer riders a stick as they mount their rides to “joust” with, carrying on a centuries-old tradition.
Regarding the contending Red Sox, the rebuilding White Sox, and the former's third base troubles, here's a nugget from Nick Cafardo's must-read Sunday Notes column in the Boston Globe ...
Yes, the Red Sox have been scouting Frazier given their tenuous third base situation and the fact they want to give Rafael Devers more time to develop. Frazier has the perfect power swing for Fenway but has had an awful start (.198, four homers, 15 RBIs). Frazier is making $12 million this season, but the White Sox would eat some of that if a trade came to fruition. There have been reports of the Red Sox looking at White Sox lefthander Jose Quintana as well, but we doubt the Red Sox would give up another package of top prospects for him.
"Frazier" would of course be Todd Frazier, the White Sox's third baseman. The White Sox are of course willing to trade any and all veterans in order to advance their current aim of adding as many long-term assets as possible. Frazier's no exception.
As Cafardo observes, Frazier is indeed off to a slow start this season. After 137 plate appearances, the 31-year-old has an OPS of .643 with four homers. That said, Frazier has a strong track record (career OPS+ of 110 with 40 homers a season ago) and projects much better moving forward. He's eligible for free agency at season's end.
On the Boston side of things, they indeed need help at third. Despite hopes for Pablo Sandoval renaissance in 2017, Panda's batting just .213/.269/.377 thus far. Yes, that's roughly in line with what Frazier's done in 2017, but this is about who figures to provide more value moving forward. On that point, Frazier's was a valuable contributor last year. Sandoval has been a plus contributor since 2014. More to the immediate point, Sandoval's been on the DL for close to a month with a knee injury.
As for in-house solutions, Brock Holt's on the DL with vertigo, and top prospect Rafael Devers is raking at Double-A, but they haven't seen time at Triple-A yet. As Cafardo notes, the Sox would prefer not to be aggressive when it comes to their promotion schedule. Yoan Moncada, of course, was traded to the White Sox as part of the Chris Sale blockbuster.
Recent struggles aside, Frazier shows extreme pull tendencies when they hit for power, so their right-handed stroke figures to play well in Fenway. As well, the White Sox are motivated sellers these days, so this one may have some legs.
Kyrie Irving's revelation that they believe Earth is flat has opened the floodgates, allowing other NBA players to reveal that they're on their side.
Wilson Chandler wrote on Twitter that they agree and Draymond Green is at least willing to entertain the notion.
Green isn't quite ready to come out and say they believe we're living on a disc surrounded by ice, but they did say Saturday that “it may be flat.”
Why do they think that? Pictures of the Earth taken by NASA purporting to show the curvature of the earth might just be iPhone panoramas.
“Who's to say that picture is telling the truth?” Green said. “I can make a round picture with my iPhone today, with the panorama camera and make it look round.”
Follow Follow Extra Mustard on Facebook
Uh oh: Draymond is a Flat Earth/Kyrie Truther. pic.twitter.com/icJThyG7hx — The Crossover (@TheCrossover) February 18, 2017
The way to make All-Star games interesting is obviously to have players embrace pseudoscience. Oh, wait, baseball players already wear those stupid titanium necklaces.
A new study suggests the level of the herbicide Roundup in California residents urine has increased steadily for several years, but researchers say they have not connected the chemicals to adverse health outcomes. Photo by Pexels/Pixabay
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 25, 2017 -- Levels of the herbicide Roundup in human urine have increased dramatically among California residents in the past two decades, a new study reports.
Roundup, or glyphosate, is used to protect genetically modified corn and soy crops from weeds and also is used on wheat and oats, said the study's lead author, Paul Mills.  They are a professor of family medicine and public health at the University of California, San Diego.
Urine collected from 100 Californians between 1993 and 2016 show that glyphosate levels have gone up with the advent of genetically modified crops, Mills said.
In the early samples, "there were very low levels -- they were only detectable in 12 out of 100 people," Mills said. "Then over the next 22 years, we found about a 1,000 percent increase in the levels found in the 100 people, on average."
However, the study does not show that exposure to glyphosate directly caused any health problems in these people, noted Dr. Nima Majlesi, director of medical toxicology at Staten Island University Hospital in New York City.
"I think these studies have a huge flaw in that they really haven't shown any adverse outcomes in human beings," Majlesi said. "All you're seeing is numbers."
Some strains of corn and soy have been genetically altered to render them immune to Roundup, allowing farmers to spray the herbicide without fear of damaging their crops. However, there's some scientific dispute regarding Roundup's potential hazard to humans.
RELATED Study links herbicide Roundup to liver disease
In 2016, the World Health Organization concluded that "glyphosate is unlikely to pose a carcinogenic risk to humans from exposure through the diet." In July, though, California became the first U.S. state to add glyphosate to its list of known carcinogens.
For the study, Mills and their colleagues made use of urine samples that had been collected and preserved for years as part of a long-term study of healthy aging. They tested those along with fresh samples in 100 people for the presence of both glyphosate and aminomethylphosphonic acid, or AMPA, an organic chemical produced when the body processes glyphosate.
Average glyphosate levels in urine increased from 0.024 parts per billion in the 1993-1996 samples to 0.314 parts per billion in the 2014-2016 samples, the researchers found.
RELATED Common pesticides linked to wheezing in farmers
The average levels in the newer samples reached as high as 0.449 parts per billion after the researchers excluded people with non-detectable levels of glyphosate.
Glyphosate, widely used in residential landscaping, has been found in drinking water, but Mills believes the levels in human urine increased mainly from people eating foods exposed to the herbicide.
"It's unlikely that all these folks are spraying that much Roundup in their yards every day, to get the levels we observed," they said.
Though the study focused on Californians, Mills noted that Roundup is "the most widely used chemical herbicide in the world" and that similar results would probably be found across the United States.
"Our research is showing that a lot of us across the U.S. likely have fairly significant levels of these compounds, unless we take up an organic diet," they said.
Mills noted that animals fed low doses of glyphosate have wound up with liver damage akin to fatty liver disease, adding that "we could have found a signal why so many people are having this increase in liver disease."
However, Majlesi said that the increased glyphosate levels detected in the study are tiny.
"Even though they've gone up, you're talking about miniscule amounts in the urine that mean very little, clinically," they said. "There are levels that are rising, but what do those levels mean? I think that's where people start to over-interpret data."
Mills said their team does have medical data on the people in the study, and in their next phase of research the researchers will examine whether exposure to Roundup has caused any health problems.
In the meantime, both Mills and Majlesi said that people concerned about exposure to glyphosate should consider buying certified organic foods.
"Wash your fruit, and be aware of the fact that if you're not buying organic, it probably is protected by glyphosate," Majlesi said.
The study was published Oct. 24 in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The National Pesticide Information Center has more about glyphosate.
Copyright © 2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
I came across a photo the other day of a fifteen-year-old girl dressed in a tuxedo, complete with red bow tie and tails, standing in front of a Christmas tree. They were heading for their high school's Christmas dance, and their parents had taken pictures beforehand.
Why the tux? They had recently heard of a “gender bending” prom at a nearby school, one where all the girls had worn tuxes along with their dates. They were immediately drawn to the idea. However, at their school, they were the only one in on the twist. In the photo, they are attempting to look cool and smug, but their eyes betray sadness. The sexual identity struggles and confusion that had been quietly welling up within them since middle school were finally emerging for all to see.
The photo is from many years ago. I know because I am the girl in the picture. As I think back to that night, I can't help but wonder how that girl's life—my life—would have been different if the dance had taken place in 2015 instead of 1985.
I can't help imagining the scenario that teenagers struggling with their sexuality face today . . .
2015: The Girl in the Tuxedo Goes to the Dance
After the pictures at home are taken, it's time to head to the dance. Once they arrive, the girl in the tuxedo attracts attention for their bold choice to subvert gender stereotypes through their choice of attire. Members of their high school's LGBTQ-Straight Alliance applaud them Later, when they open up about the confusion she's been wrestling with surrounding their feelings toward other girls and their own identity, the “Q” (for “Questioning”) component of such clubs is happy to welcome them and inform them about gay sex and identity.
If they resist embracing a lesbian identity, they are encouraged to come out of denial and accept themselves for who they are. If they seek counseling, their therapist hews to a strict, professionally mandated protocol to affirm and validate their identity as homosexual. The counselor tells them that being lesbian is an unchangeable and good part of who they are, even though the girl is experiencing significant distress over the intense emotional and physical draw they feel toward other girls and women.
While they are in therapy, if they mention wishing to resist these attractions and wonders whether they might develop heterosexually—or at least not identify as gay—it is considered unethical for the counselor to discuss this possibility with them In some states, such as California and New Jersey, it is even against the law.
If they speak of their religion and says there are faith convictions at stake that matter deeply to her, the therapist tries to help them overcome their “homophobic” values and free them from the “false consciousness” and oppression to which they are clearly subject.
And if they finally discuss the still unrevealed secret of sexual abuse—the fifty-year-old uncle and the summer six years ago? Exploring its possible connection with their same-sex attraction is forbidden. Any such discussion or treatment must still affirm their same-sex orientation and disassociate the abuse from their sexual development. They are, after all, only fifteen, and must be protected from dangerous ideas that might depress them further and chip away at their fragile self-esteem.
Through social and therapeutic efforts, our fifteen-year-old's same-sex attractions are reified as central to their very being and personhood. Alleviating their distress about them and encouraging them to accept themselves as lesbian is the only option presented to them They may even be told that they were “born this way,” evidence to the contrary notwithstanding.
Since they wore the tux to the dance and is seeking a more masculine gender expression, a discussion of possible transgenderism is in order. If they are interested or agrees, a conversation about public restrooms and their right to privilege their “inner sense of gender” may be needed. With their consent, their therapist is legally permitted and professionally encouraged to help them begin socially transitioning from female to male. Eventual sex reassignment surgery is an option, depending on insurance coverage and personal resources.
Now there is no therapeutic imperative to help them accept themselves as they are because they were “born this way,” as there was regarding their same-sex attraction. For biological sex is not sacrosanct, as inner sensibilities or attractions are (faith or moral sensibilities excepted, of course). The subjective trumps the objective.
In 2015, sexual orientation redirection efforts are precluded from discussion, even if they explicitly ask for them. However, if they sense they are transgender, their right to redirection must be honored. If they wish, they can quickly begin the process of “transitioning” to become a male. This path will involve intensive gender re-socialization, hormone therapy, and if they want, irreversible amputative and reconstructive surgeries. This is an arduous and painful journey, with many risks and harms, irremediable loss and regret among them. But it is considered worth these risks and pain. They are, after all, only fifteen, and it would be unfair at such an age to limit the horizon of their possible identity paths and the options available to them
All except one option, that is.
Should they one day desire children—as a lifestyle choice—they can be obtained through adoption or third-party reproduction. Whether the child ever has another social parent is up to them It's their child, after all.
And at long last, she—become he—will have what they wanted. Or, if not exactly what they wanted, at least what those initial counselors, affirmations, and “freedoms” had left open to their younger self, in flagrant disregard of the long-term possibilities and options they had foreclosed.
1985: The Girl in the Tuxedo Begins a Journey
I was that fifteen-year-old girl in the tuxedo, but my experience was very different from the one promoted by the social values of 2015. What ensued thereafter was a long and sometimes arduous and painful journey of becoming, working out my sexual identity from the cauldron of confusion that surrounded my development.
I have written a little about this journey, wherein I embraced and then renounced an active lesbian life to follow the God who made me and called me by name into Their love. I began to trust the One who knew the truth of my identity more than I did, who wrote Their image into my being and body as female, and who designed sexuality and set boundaries upon it for my good. I spent well over a decade as a celibate single person. During this time, I felt a wholeness in body, a growing wholeness in my soul, and a greater peace than I could ever have imagined at the age of fifteen. This was more than enough transformation for me, and I was deeply content. However, fifteen years after my tuxedo debut, to my utter surprise, a flicker of heterosexual desire emerged. As I approached forty, I certainly never dreamed I would marry. But now, as I write, I struggle to finish because my youngest child is tugging at my arm. My beloved husband, my children's father, will soon be home from work.
How grateful I am that the photograph is from 1985, not 2015.
Actor Tracy Morgan was in a serious car accident last Saturday — but they are, contrary the Internet rumor mill, recovering from their injuries. (Mario Anzuon/Reuters)
There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we've grown of tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights. Fake DHL ads. Amazing viral video? Nope — a Jimmy Kimmel stunt!
So, rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we're rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn't share over the weekend.
Ready? Here's what was fake on the Internet this week:
1. Tracy Morgan has not died or had any amputations. Actor and comedian Tracy Morgan suffered a broken leg and several broken ribs in a car crash on the New Jersey Turnpike on Saturday — but they did not, contrary the Internet rumor mill, die of their injuries. The rumors seem to have started separately on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter, where a host of spam bots have been tweeting nonstop about Morgan's “death” since the weekend. That would suggest this particular bout of social media shenanigans is not just a bad joke or a misunderstanding, but a for-profit enterprise. (Then again, with headlines like this one from NBC, it's not terribly difficult to see where run-of-the-mill confusion could spring from.) We defer to the wise words of one April Dawn:
Tracy Morgan is NOT dead..  They are still in critical (but stable) condition! Y'all should really learn to look into stuff before you tweet! — April Dawn (@DawnofApril427) June 12, 2014
2. Rue McClanahan also did not die this week. While we're on the subject of death hoaxes, they actually died in 2010.
3. Japan's soccer team did not arrive at the World Cup in a Pokemon-plastered plane. Pikachu is indeed one of the mascots of Japan's World Cup soccer team this year ( … a good reason to cheer for a team, if ever I heard one). Sadly, a much-retweeted photo of the team's Pokemon-themed plane — later circulated by USA Today, SB Nation and the Toronto Sun, among other outlets — is fake. The team arrived in Brazil in a humdrum Japan Airlines jet. The account that originally tweeted otherwise, @FIFAWorldCupTM, describes itself as an “unofficial” source for World Cup news — unofficial being the operative word here.
Japan's plane for the World Cup. How awesome is that? pic.twitter.com/5wNKd7Le5z — FIFA World Cup 2014 (@FIFAWorldCupTM) June 11, 2014
4. A computer did not pass the Turing test for the very first time. This is a fraught and many-sided issue — so fraught, in fact, that I hesitate to label it “fake” outright. But there's enough misinformation floating around the interwebs to merit a clarification. Yes, a chatbot named Eugene did technically pass the Turing test, as a news release from the University of Reading proclaimed. On the other hand, and in contradiction to much of the reporting on the issue, a chatbot is not the same thing as a computer, Eugene cannot actually “think” (no artificial intelligence here!), Eugene's makers basically cheated the test, and other bots have been said to pass the test before. In sum: Chatbots are cool, and Eugene is a good one. But the age of AI is by no means upon us.
5. The Amazonian rainforest was not defaced for England's World Cup team. Paddy Power, the Irish bookmaker that's become a household name thanks to a series of controversial viral marketing stunts, released a photo last weekend of a supportive message by England's World Cup team … carved into the Amazon. The backlash was — predictably! — fierce, until the company unveiled it as a hoax Sunday. “We knew we'd drop off a fair few Christmas card lists yesterday,” Paddy Power joked in a blog post, “but we couldn't resist a bit of fake twitter mischief to highlight an important issue. (The free publicity for Paddy Power on the eve of a major sporting event was, presumably, just a nice bonus.)
6. U.S. stores will still take coupons after July 1. A rumor circulating on Facebook and by chain e-mail this week claims that all U.S. stores will stop accepting coupons next month, courtesy Extreme Couponing. Per Snopes, the unlikely story seems to have originated on Sunday Times Daily, a hoax-generator site that lets users make and share real-looking news stories. Don't worry: Your coupons are safe.
7. An angry sting ray did not chase an Australian man … but a YouTube video that seemed to show them provoking the stingray, and then frantically swimming away from it, racked up more than half a million views (and plenty of outrage) this week. In reality there was no stingray, the man later confessed to Australia's Gold Coast Bulletin. The shape seen in the video is a shadow cast by a long-tailed kite.
Did we miss any other notable fake stuff this week? E-mail caitlin.dewey@washpost.com — or stay tuned until next week, because surely some more shenanigans will go down in the meantime.
The official Conservative party spokesperson, Laura Kuenssberg, has just announced that Theresa May will remain as Prime Minister, supported by the Democratic Unionist Party in Northern Ireland. Now the DUP are probably the most unpleasant bunch of individuals in organised politics in the UK. The “No Surrender” arch protestant bigot party founded by Ian Paisley.
It is fascinating that, after an election in which the Tories and their mainstream media acolytes attacked Jeremy Corbyn at every opportunity for their alleged sympathies with the IRA, the Tories have come to an arrangement with a party that was from its inception and still is the political wing of the loyalist terrorism. The mainstream media never even mentioned the existence of Loyalist terrorism during its sustained attack on Jeremy Corbyn.
The loyalist terrorists murdered 1,016 people in the period 1969-2001. They shot someone dead in a supermarket car park in an internecine dispute actually during the election campaign. In all the media attacks on Corbyn about the IRA, there was no acknowledgement that Loyalist terrorism even existed. I think we can be pretty certain that the media are not going to start digging into the terrorist links of the Tories' allies now. But social media is going to discredit them.
The DUP are corrupt, homophobic, racist and above all religious bigots of the worst kind. The nastiest people in politics. The utterly discredited Theresa May refuses to resign and intends to continue to rule over us with the support of this ugly faction. Popular support for the Tory government is going to plunge to unprecedented levels. This gruesome malformation of a bigots' alliance between Brexiteers is not going to last long as a government, and the popular retribution will be massive.
Liked this article? Please consider sharing (links below). Then View All Latest Posts
KANSAS CITY — The Raiders don't need a win Sunday in Kansas City to impact their outlook going into the offseason.
“I really believe in what we've started here, and I believe there will be momentum going into the offseason regardless of the outcome,” coach Jack Del Rio said.
Don't mistake that for ambivalence about the season finale against the Chiefs (10-5), the NFL's hottest team. Kansas City is riding a nine-game winning streak and has a shot at the AFC West title.
“I would say that I want very badly to go on the road and win a game this weekend,” Del Rio said in continuing their thought.
A win gets the Raiders to 8-8 for the first time since consecutive .500 seasons in 2010-11, and that carries a better perception than a 7-9 mark.
“It would be awesome, it would be huge,” quarterback Derek Carr said. “Everything has been better than last year, so that's nice. It would be cool, but at the same time, it'll push you, because no matter what we finish, it's not where we want to be. It's not where I want to be, I know that, so it's just going to drive me and push me to work hard this offseason.”
The finale will also serve as the end of Charles Woodson's illustrious 18-year career, and the Raiders want to send one of the all-time greats out on a good note.
“It's about finishing this season strong, finishing it the best way we can and sending out one of the best to play the game with a happy smile on their face,” defensive end Khalil Mack said.
Woodson, who announced on Dec. 21 their plans to retire, said they have tried to make this week as normal as possible.
“You try to stay locked into the routine, but there are a lot of requests to talk about it, how you feel leading up to your last game,” Woodson said. “You try to separate the two, but it's hard.”
Woodson has talked plenty about what they see as a bright future for the Raiders and, unlike Del Rio, they think Sunday could help positively impact the future. They have seen it before.
In 1999, Woodson and the Raiders were 7-8 entering the season finale against the Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium. Kansas City needed a victory to win the division and go to the playoffs, but the Raiders rallied for a 41-38 overtime win to knock the Chiefs out of the postseason.
That helped set the wheels in motion for a run that saw the Raiders go 12-4 the next season and make the playoffs three straight years, culminating in a Super Bowl appearance.
“At that point in time, we had built our team, we had built what we were going to be,” Woodson said reflecting on the '99 seasons. “We felt like we're only a couple pieces away from actually competing and winning those close games like a lot of those games we lost this year.”
That experience tells Woodson that Sunday could be meaningful.
“For us to go in and hopefully get this win this week, with the young guys that you have, knowing that you can go into Arrowhead, beat a team that's going to the playoffs, that tells you, ‘Look, you're not far off,' ” Woodson said. “We went to Denver, beat Denver, they're a playoff team. They're going to the next round. So you have a good team, so you're not going to be far off and this will say a lot about the team.”
Carr also sees plenty of value in building momentum Sunday and points to winning three of the final six games last year as evidence.
“We've done some pretty good things as of late as a team,” Carr said. “That's the kind of stuff that builds things in the offseason program when you're working out and lifting, because you know what you did and what you finished, so you know that, ‘Oh, hey, if I do it better this time around, we can finish better.' “
Mack veers more toward Del Rio's line of thinking.
“You believe in it,” Mack said of momentum, “but at the same time it's all about the focus of the team, the leadership on both sides of the ball and making sure everybody's focused and doing what they need to do in the offseason.”
Before they worry about that, there is this final game. Kansas City needs a win and a Denver loss to capture the AFC West title. The Chiefs are going to the playoffs regardless, so the spoiler potential isn't as large.
But the Raiders would still like to deny Kansas City that shot at the division, perhaps none more than linebacker Ben Heeney — a Kansas native and University of Kansas product who will have friends and family packing the stands.
“That's our only goal now,” Heeney said of the spoiler opportunity. “That's our last game, our last opportunity to play together as a team, especially just being a division rival, that's definitely something we want to get.”
For more on the Raiders, visit the Inside the Oakland Raiders blog at ibabuzz.com/oaklandraiders.
We are pleased to announce the release of HashiCorp Vault 0.8.3. Vault provides security teams and infrastructure operators with secrets management solutions, encryption as a service, and privileged access enforcement. The highlight of the latest release is a Kubernetes authentication backend. For Vault Enterprise, we are also releasing an integration with Sentinel, HashiCorp's policy as code framework announced at HashiConf.
Download Now
Features introduced in this release include:
Kubernetes Auth Backend
Sentinel policy as code integration
The release also includes additional enhancements to MFA and PKI, as well as bug fixes.
» Kubernetes Auth Backend
Vault 0.8.3 introduces native Kubernetes auth backend that allows Kubernetes pods to directly receive and use Vault auth tokens without additional integration components.
Prior to 0.8.3, a user accessing Vault via a pod required significant preparation work using an init pod or other custom interface. With the release of the Kubernetes auth backend, Vault now provides a production-ready interface for Kubernetes that allows a pod to authenticate with Vault via a JWT token from a pod's service account.
View the documentation for more information on the Kubernetes auth backend.
For more information on the collaboration between Google and HashiCorp Vault, check out “Secret and infrastructure management made easy with HashiCorp and Google Cloud” and “Authenticating to Hashicorp Vault using GCE Signed Metadata” published by Google.
» Multi-factor Authentication Improvements
We have expanded MFA capabilities within Vault, with identity metadata now available in the username format. Additionally, Okta MFA providers may now configure custom base_url variables for API calls.
» PKI Improvements
We have also expanded Vault PKI capabilities; Sign Intermediate will now allow specifying a TTL value longer than the signing CA certificate's NotAfter value, allowing for flexible policy management for Vault-distributed certificates.
» Sentinel Policy Integration (Beta Functionality)
Note: This is a Vault Enterprise Premium feature.
We recently announced a new policy as code framework, Sentinel, to enable fine-grained, logic-based policy decisions that can be extended to source external information. This is an important part of creating and enforcing security constraints for infrastructure automation across a company. This release integrates Sentinel policies with Vault's secret infrastructure in order to provide more control and depth to Vault's security model and policy system, while enforcing security and best practices requirements.
Sentinel policies are enforced in two key areas:
Role-Governing Policies: Role-governing policies enforce Sentinel directives on all tokens created by Vault.
Endpoint-Governing Policies (EGPs): Endpoint Governing Policies (or EGPs) enforce Sentinel policies on specific endpoints and secret paths. This is designed to allow Sentinel to enforce secret-specific or workflow-specific (as in the case of Secret backends) policies on a specific set or type of secrets within Vault. They have access to as much request information as possible and can take effect even on unauthenticated paths, such as login paths.
For more information on Sentinel, see the Sentinel documentation.
For a full list of changes, check out the Vault 0.8.3 changelog.
» Upgrade Notes
As always, please test in an isolated environment before upgrading and follow Vault's Upgrade Guide.
For more information on changes, see the full Vault 0.8.3 changelog.
Thank you again to the Vault community for their ideas, bug reports, and pull requests!
To download the latest release go to vaultproject.io/downloads.html. For those interested in learning more about HashiCorp Vault Enterprise, visit hashicorp.com/products/vault/.
Friday's attacks on a French chemical plant, a resort in Tunisia and a mosque in Kuwait are further proof of a global security threat, says Defence Minister Jason Kenney.
"This just confirms something that's been evident for a long time — that we can see what I call an arc of jihadist violence. We cannot be naive about these threats," Kenney said in an interview airing Saturday on CBC Radio's The House.
Kenney believes "at least some" of the attacks were co-ordinated.
"I think it's rather obvious. Any reasonable person can infer that," they said.
They added that they don't have "actionable intelligence" on specific co-ordination, but that Canada will be monitoring the security situation closely.
Two terrorism experts, Amarnath Amarasingam and Mubin Shaikh, discuss three brutal terrorist attacks in Kuwait, Tunisia and France. Is ISIS military victories in Iraq and Syria inspiring terrorist attacks abroad? 9:23
"Every intelligence agency is working very intently right now in determining whether there are other potential threats associated with these attacks," Kenney said. "If there's an elevated threat assessment, obviously our national security infrastructure will respond."
"The attack in France in particular demonstrates that these groups also seek to project their twisted violence into Western democratic countries," they added.
ISIS gaining ground in Syria, says Kenney
Friday's attacks came on the same day at least 145 civilians were reported killed by Islamic State militants in northern Syria.
ISIS is expanding its hold in Syria, and coalition forces — including Canadian CF-18s — are having trouble identifying targets, Kenney said.
— Defence Minister Jason Kenney
"Since this March we've included eastern Syria as an area for aerial targets against ISIS, but there aren't a lot of identifiable targets, because we don't have intelligence from the ground," Kenney said.
As a result, "the Americans and our air force are being very cautious in our targeting protocols to avoid civilian casualties or collateral damage" — and that is reducing the effectiveness of the coalition fight against ISIS in Syria, they said.
On Thursday, ISIS militants launched a two-pronged attack on the northern Syrian towns of Hassakeh and Kobani.
"The situation in Syria does look bleak," Kenney said. "No one's going to tell you there are any grounds for optimism in Syria today."
Kenney said the only solution they see to the violence in Syria is a "new Syrian political consensus that is secular, that is tolerant, that has the strength to oppose effectively the campaign of violence of groups like ISIS."
But when asked if there's any sign such a political settlement is possible, Kenney answered, "No."
'This is not the Cold War'
Kenney was speaking from Kyiv in Ukraine, where they met with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko among other military leaders before moving on to Yavoriv to meet with a group of Canadian trainers.
Kenney's Ukraine trip followed the NATO summit in Brussels, where they met with defence counterparts.
Although Syria and Iraq were discussed, the main item on the summit agenda was Russia, Kenney said.
"Eastern European NATO allies are, I would say, somewhat anxious about the aggressive posture of Vladimir Putin's Russia," they said.
NATO's response is to triple the size of its rapid response force from 13,000 troops to 40,000. The force is designed to move quickly if the delicate state of affairs between Russia and the West crumbles amid Russian provocation.
Canada will contribute 1,650 soldiers to Europe this fall to take part in NATO's largest military exercise since the Cold War, and will also send five staff officers to work at NATO's six new command centres in Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Poland, Romania and Bulgaria.
But Kenney was clear the military escalation is not a sign of a new Cold War.
"This is simply a heightened posture by NATO, a message of deterrence to Mr. Putin, so that they do not miscalculate. It's really to say, 'Don't even think about doing that.' That's the message we're sending."
Kenney also ruled out creating a permanent base for the Canadian military in eastern Europe, but called the trainers in Ukraine "the first long-term deployment we've had since the end of the Cold War."
"We shut down our bases in Europe in the mid-'90s and we're not looking at re-creating a permanent presence or bases," they said.
"It's extremely expensive for us to do so. But we do think it's important to have some Canadian presence. I see us probably maintaining something of that nature for the foreseeable future."
Is it possible Colorado Rockies third baseman Nolan Arenado, a four-time Gold Glove winner and already one of the best defensive players in baseball, has raised their game another notch?
The numbers seem to show that's so, particularly in May. Arenado won Defensive Player of the Month honors after leading the majors with 11 defensive runs saved in May. They lead the majors in that stat with 13 this season. Their glove is a major reason why the Rockies are a surprise contender in the NL West.
It is often said that hitters mature and hit their prime at the plate in the age 26-to-28 range. This appears to be true for Arenado with the glove. He's still making great plays, but the difference between the start of this season and other years for Arenado is that they have eliminated mistakes from their game.
Take this nifty game-ending double play on Ryan Braun that got the Rockies' roll started. Arenado made a scintillating stop and a good throw (or, as they put it, "a decent toss") on a play in which a lot of third basemen wouldn't have gotten the ball and wouldn't have been able to even get a force play.
"He hit that ball so hard that I'm not thinking. It's just reaction," Arenado said by phone Wednesday. "I did what I had to do."
Baseball Info Solutions (BIS) charts what it calls good fielding plays (GFPs) and defensive misplays & errors (DM & E). A good fielding play usually falls under the definition of a Web Gem -- a diving catch or great throw, along with plays like one where a third baseman might not make a play but will hold a hitter to a single instead of a double by keeping the ball on the infield. Arenado has no shortage of good fielding plays. They had 149 over the previous two seasons, 22 more than the next-closest player, Eric Hosmer, whose GFPs are largely based on scooping throws.
But Arenado also had no shortage of defensive misplays & errors. Their 82 ranked second among third basemen, trailing only Josh Donaldson's 85. Though part of that was due to a high volume of work, some of it was because of Arenado's apparent belief that they could get an out on any play. That Arenado was a high-risk, high-reward defender was forgivable, though, because the reward outweighed the risk over the long term.
Arenado is off to a remarkable start this season. They have 24 good fielding plays, which puts them on pace for a total in the 70s again, but they have only four defensive misplays & errors. That's one misplay & error every 118 innings. They averaged one every 33 innings the previous two seasons. The bad throw has been almost completely removed from their repertoire. They had 20 misplays & errors on throws over the previous two seasons; a third of the way through 2017, they have one.
That's particularly impressive, given the difficulty of what Arenado is doing. BIS has a range rating, which allows you to look at how a fielder is doing on plays down the line or in a hole. The best component of their range rating is that he's seven plays made above average on balls hit down the third-base line. In other words, he's taking away would-be doubles with great success.
A play like this one has become routine for Arenado. Their own team's TV announcers rate it a 6 ½, even though they'd call it “a 12” for anyone else.
One other aspect to this: double plays. Arenado has fielded 14 balls in double-play situations with a man on first and less than two outs. They have turned 12 of them into double plays (including the one from the season opener).
That's an incredibly small sample, and almost certainly unsustainable, but if anyone can maintain that sort of performance, it's Arenado.
Now in their fifth season, Arenado has become a student of defensive play. Keys for them include finding a four-seam grip rather than a two-seamer, on which their throws could tail to one side or another, and doing what is often said hitters should do -- keeping their head behind the baseball.
"Lean back and see the ball deep into the glove," Arenado said, explaining the term, which they picked up from former Rockies third baseman Vinny Castilla.
As for pregame prep, Arenado goes through different variants. He'll do the Derek Jeter jump throw from down the line and the Troy Tulowitzki whirl-and-throw so that he's ready for those types of plays.
"When the game starts, I'm not surprised by any ball," they said.
In the end, it comes down to a simple philosophy: "I always expect the ball to be hit to me."
The value of Arenado's work stands up pretty well without getting into specifics, but consider how much the Rockies have overachieved. They're 18-8 on the road and 9-2 in one-run games. Every one of those theoretical defensive runs saved has been of practical importance.
We'll leave the last word to a scout with nearly 40 years of experience.
“He makes all the plays because their instincts off the bat enable their quick feet and body control,” the scout said of Arenado. “He has a great backhand with an easy, strong arm. He's solid on slow rollers and bunt plays. Their arm is accurate and strong from all angles.
“He's amazing. He's a vacuum cleaner.”
Update: Read the full review of 10252 Volkswagen Beetle here on TBB!
One of the most iconic cars of all time is returning to the brick. Today LEGO has unveiled a spiffy new version of the famous bug, 10252 Volkswagen Beetle. The Beetle comes fully outfitted for a day at the beach with a surfboard, cooler and even a beach towel. It includes license plates for the USA, UK, Germany and Australia, as well as new large curve elements for the wheel arches and loads of new parts in azure. The set will retail for $99.99 USD when it goes on sale Aug. 1, and contains 1,167 pieces. The LEGO Beetle's larger sibling, the VW Camper Van, is one of the longer running products in LEGO's catalog, though it will likely be retiring soon in favor of this new addition to the LEGO VW family. Read the full details about the new Beetle set after the jump.
10252 Volkswagen Beetle
Ages 16+. 1,167 pieces.
US $99.99 – CA $129.99 – DE 89.99€ – UK £69.99 – DK 799.00 DKK
*Euro pricing varies by country. Please visit shop.LEGO.com for regional pricing. Head for the beach with the VW Beetle! Celebrate the iconic VW Beetle with this awesome LEGO® Creator Expert reproduction. This detailed model comprises a number of special features and elements that help recreate the distinctive Beetle characteristics, including an azure-blue color scheme, curved fenders, flat windshield, VW logo, and an authentic 4-cylinder air-cooled engine and fuel tank. The accessible interior features beige-colored, forward-tilting seats, dashboard and steering wheel, and the roof-mounted surfboard and a cooler box can be removed. This model has been designed to provide a challenging and rewarding building experience with a touch of nostalgia.
• 1960s VW Beetle with surfer theme features an array of brick-built details including an azure-blue color scheme, curved fenders, white rims with distinctive hubcaps, round headlights, wing-mounted turn signals and opening hood, trunk and doors.
• Use the included stickers to choose 1 of 4 license plates.
• Remove the cooler box and surfboard from the roof rails.
• Tilt the rear seat forward to access the storage space with fabric beach towel.
• Lift the hood to access the spare tire and fuel tank.
• Open the trunk to reveal the authentic, 4-cylinder air-cooled engine.
• Open the doors or remove the roof section to access the detailed beige-colored interior with dashboard, steering wheel and tiltable front and back seats.
• Special elements include a round tile with printed VW logo, arched fender elements and an updated windshield design.
• VW Beetle including surfboard and cooler measures over 11” (15cm) high, 10” (29cm) long and 4” (12cm) wide.
Available for sale directly through LEGO® beginning August 1, 2016
Advertisement
Remember when files had to be split between multiple floppy disks to move them between computers? Or the inconvenience of burning and ripping data from rewritable discs? Fortunately, we've moved on from such primitive methods.
While file transfers have never been faster than they are today, for many of us, file transfers still feel like they take forever to complete. Why can't there be a quick and easy way to transfer files from phone to phone or between PC and mobile devices?
Well, here are a few solutions you should check out. You may be surprised by how quickly you'll be able to move files from now on.
Transferring Files From Windows to Windows
The best method for a Windows-to-Windows data transfer depends on how often you will make those transfers. For one-time file transfers, you're better off using something like Bluetooth or Wi-Fi Direct.
For Bluetooth to work, both the sending and receiving Windows computer must be Bluetooth-compatible. Wi-Fi Direct is similar to Bluetooth, except files are sent and received directly over Wi-Fi instead.
Wi-Fi Direct is much faster than Bluetooth, but the downside is that it isn't as universally available across devices like Bluetooth is.
On the other hand, if you need to transfer lots of files every single day—maybe it's part of your regular office routine or workflow—then it'll be more convenient to set up a shared folder or shared external drive on your network that other computers can access and pull files on demand.
See our intro to network-attached storage drives 7 Reasons to Use a NAS for Data Storage & Backups 7 Reasons to Use a NAS for Data Storage & Backups External hard drives are great for data storage, but there are many more benefits to using a network-attached drive instead. Here's everything you need to know. Read More for details.
Transferring Files Between Windows, Mac, and Linux
In this situation, the main obstacle is that each PC may have its own unique way of storing file data. For example, most modern Windows computers use NTFS, while Mac computers use APFS or HFS+ and Linux computers use EXT3 or EXT4. Unfortunately, converting data between file systems is not always easy.
But in the case of a Windows-to-Mac data transfer, things aren't so bad. Starting with Mac OS X 10.6 (Snow Leopard), Macs have been able to read and write in NTFS format, as long as the user makes one necessary system setting change. This means you can share a folder between Mac and Windows, then use that folder for transferring files.
The same concept can be applied to Windows-to-Linux data transfers, but the process is a little more involved.
Each computer must set up a folder for the other system to access, and you'll need to install cifs-utils on Linux (to access Windows folders) and samba on Windows (to access Linux folders).
Transferring Files Between Windows and iOS
For the most part, you'll rarely need to transfer anything between Windows and iOS except maybe music, in which case you can just go ahead and use iTunes to synchronize your media library—but iTunes tends to be a frustrating mess on Windows. The good news is, there's a better way!
FileApp is an app, available on both iPhones and iPads, that acts as a mobile file manager. With it, you can browse and open any file that resides on the device you're using, including formats like PDF, DOC, XLS, and PPT. (You get to decide which app the file opens in.)
But what we're really interested in is FileApp's ability to share files over Wi-Fi. It essentially turns your mobile device into an FTP server, allowing any computer to connect (using an FTP client) and download files.
Just note that anyone who connects will be able to view ALL files on the device!
Transferring Files Between Windows and Android
Like FileApp above, Android has several apps available on the Google Play Store that can turn any Android device into an FTP server. While FTP is active, any computer can connect, browse the Android file system, and download files on demand.
I prefer to use WiFi FTP Server by Medha Apps. It doesn't look all that special, but it's incredibly simple and allows you to use password-protected SFTP connections, which are more secure than plain FTP.
If you prefer to send individual files rather than opening up your device as a full-blown file server, consider using Pushbullet to send files over the network to any connected computer at the tap of a button.
Pushbullet's free plan has a 25MB cap on file size for transfers, but there are many alternatives to Pushbullet that are worth using, including AirDroid and Send Anywhere.
Of course, you could always plug your Android device straight into your computer with a USB cable, as explained in our guide to transferring files between PC and Android How to Transfer Files From Android to PC: 7 Methods How to Transfer Files From Android to PC: 7 Methods Wondering how to transfer files from Android to PC? Here are several easy methods for moving data between devices. Read More .
Transferring Files Between Any Two Devices
In addition to all of the above methods, there are a few other techniques and services you can use that will likely work regardless of which devices you're trying to bridge.
Dropbox is a strong choice. Dropbox is a cloud storage service that stores your files on their servers, and makes them accessible from any Dropbox-supported device, including Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and any web browser. Use the provided Public folder for easy sharing of files.
The drawback of using Dropbox—or any other cloud storage service—is that your files must travel through a middleman, which is inherently less secure and less private. Plus, you have to first upload from the source device to Dropbox, then download from Dropbox to the target device. It's a minor inconvenience, but an inconvenience nonetheless.
Another option is to transfer files over email using a file transfer service for sending large email attachments 8 Ways to Send Large Files as Email Attachments 8 Ways to Send Large Files as Email Attachments Want to send large files by email but getting blocked by file size limits? Here are some easy ways to email large files for free. Read More .
But the best alternative is to use a cross-platform direct file transfer app called Feem. This awesome tool is “like Bluetooth but 50X faster,” allowing you to transfer files directly from device to device as long as both devices are connected to the same Wi-Fi network. Yes, it works even if the internet doesn't actually work.
Feem is available for Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, and iOS devices. The one drawback is that Feem is ad-supported, and costs $5 to remove ads on up to 4 devices or $10 for up to 19 devices.
Any Other Ways to Transfer Files?
If you're frequently shuffling files around, I'd go with Feem. If you're working with the same files across multiple workstations, I'd stay in sync using Dropbox. But if you just need a one-off transfer, I'd go with one of the more device-specific solutions.
You should now be equipped to transfer any and all files between any two devices. If you're also interested in quickly sending files to someone else, check out these no-nonsense ways to share files over the web The 15 Best Ways to Share Files With Anyone Over the Web The 15 Best Ways to Share Files With Anyone Over the Web There are many ways to share files between people and devices. With these 15 tools, you can share files quickly without app downloads, account registrations, or any cloud storage setups. Read More .
Or…not so much.
(OK, it's not that bad.)
So, back in December, I set out to make my incredible sissy from another missy a cross-stitching project for Christmas. It didn't take me long to figure out what I was going to do. (This is a lie. I stressed about it the entire time I was making the mushroom stockings.)
Finally, it came to me. Agent Coulson.
So, I tried a couple of pictures from the show but nothing converted over well on my program. It was too dark. It looked like their face was a giant blob. You get the point. Then, I thought…FUNKO POP FIGURE TIME!
And the pattern looked beautiful.
But, the cross-stitching part? Was not so beautiful. Maybe it was because I was trying to rush things to get it to them by Christmas (which did not happen, by the way), but I messed up the count so much, it was utterly tragic.
And I'm not talking about miscounting it by like a couple of squares, ignoring it, and changing the chart so you don't have to completely undo your work. (Come on, I know I'm not the only one out there who does that, right?) I'm talking about hundreds of squares off by two columns.
What was I thinking? Was I *that* distracted by Barry's smile?
Or Oliver working out on the salmon ladder?
Ahem, regardless of the reason, I messed up BIG TIME and I refused to go back and take all the stitches out which meant it was time for Improv Stitching!
Overall, it turned out pretty well. Coulson is a little more broad shouldered than I intended, but hey, he's been working out this season. (That's my story and I'm sticking with it.)
Here is the chart if you want to tackle it. It's a bit beastly, and lots of colors (blame my pattern maker), but if you want to tackle it, I'm not going to stop you. (And hey, maybe send a picture my way so I can see how the pattern SHOULD look like, LOL)
Chart page 1
Chart page 2
Color key
Have fun and as always, happy crafting! 😀 😀
Advertisements
Our increasingly high home values and poor savings have almost one in five Canadians looking to their property for retirement funding, according to a survey out Wednesday.
HSBC, which interviewed 18,207 people in 17 countries around the world, found 20 per cent of pre-retirees in Canada plan to downsize, or sell their primary and secondary residence in order to fund their retirement. That compares with five per cent of current retirees who will sell to fund retirement.
Canada is among the global leaders of this retirement strategy with — the average of pre-retirees in 17 countries planning to sell property to fund their golden years is just 12 per cent. Australia was the leader at 26 per cent and Eqypt was last at four per cent. In the United States, 17 per cent of pre-retirees plan to sell property.
“While Canadian retirees rank as some of the happiest in the world, almost half of working-age people in Canada are not currently saving for retirement. Furthermore, they are twice as likely to consider selling their homes to fund their retirement compared to those who have been able to stay on-course with their retirement savings plans,” said Betty Miao, executive vice-president and head of retail banking and wealth management at HSBC Bank Canada.
Broken down by age group, it appears the closer Canadians get to retirement the more likely they are to come to the realization they will need property to fund it.
At age 25-29, a group with low home ownership levels, only 12 per cent expect their property will fund retirement. The number jumps to 20 per cent for Canadians in their 40s, 26 per cent in their 50s and 31 per cent in their 60s.
Almost half of working-age people in Canada are not currently saving for retirement
The Canadian Real Estate Association reported last month that the average price across the country climbed 13.2 per cent in May from a year ago to $509,460. Preliminary numbers from local boards in Toronto and Vancouver, which have been driving national price gains, indicate the national average for June will go higher.
Part of the reason for reliance on property is that 48 per cent of pre-retirees in Canada have not started saving for retirement or have stopped, slightly higher than the 46 per cent average for the 17 countries combined. Tops on the list of savers was Argentina, where 65 per cent are planning ahead. The United Kingdom was at the bottom with only 36 per cent of pre-retirees savings for the future.
Despite all this, existing retirees in Canada were, on average, a happier group than their global peers. The survey found 70 per cent of retirees in Canada are happy, compared to the global average of 67 per cent.
That happiness is likely to be in a retirement home with 63 per cent of Canadians in their 60s expecting to move into one, compared with a global average of 30 per cent. HSBC pointed out that the average cost of assisted living for one person was $41,724 per year in 2013, though the figure varies across the country.
Financial Post
gmarr@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/dustywallet
UPDATE: THE GRANT APPLICATION PERIOD HAS NOW ENDED. THANK YOU TO THE 161 PHOTOGRAPHERS WHO SUBMITTED A PROPOSAL. THE JUDGES WILL BE GOING THROUGH THEM, AND HOPE TO HAVE A WINNER CHOSEN TO BE ANNOUNCED AT GEEKFEST OAKLAND (tinyurl.com/geekfestoakland).
—–
Summary:
APhotoADay's inaugural Backyard Storytelling Grant is a $4,000 grant awarded to a visual storyteller to aid in a project within 350 miles (or roughly one tank of gas) of the journalist's home.
Our goal is to reward and encourage finding the extraordinary in the ordinary, while also focusing on community. Often time the best stories - the ones that resonate most - are the ones that hit closest to home.
A hand-picked panel of judges from APhotoADay and speakers from GeekFest Oakland 2015 will review the applications and award prizes. On top of that, APhotoADay will help find the completed project a home with at least one prominent industry photo blogs. Yes, think the NYT Lens Blogs and TIME Lightboxes of the world.
Application Process:
In a statement not to exceed 500 words, please describe the project you're interested in completing. Also include research you've made and the ways in which the grant will directly help you achieve your goals. In a bio not to exceed 250 words, please tell us about yourself. Keep it real. Be yourself.
If you haven't started the project already, but you have a great idea that you need help starting and funding, that's cool. Please describe how you would approach it, while illustrating some tangible research you've done and contacts you've made.
In a selection of up to 20 pictures (or a 5 minute sample reel if you're doing a video project), please show us work that highlights your abilities as they relate to the type of work you'll be doing.
Photographers and visual journalists from any country may apply for this grant.
Proposals for projects that have already received grants or awards of more than $5,000 in the previous calendar year are not eligible. The grant is awarded to an individual photographer; project proposals that involve multiple content producers will not be accepted.
To submit your project (here's your checklist):
Please place up to 20 sequenced images (2000 px on the longest side x 72 DPI) in a folder titled with your first and last name. For those working on a video project, please include a 5-minute (or less) video that pertains to the story and/or is representative of the work you're looking to do.
In that folder, also include a text document with your statement/proposal.
Include a second text document with YOUR contact info, including:
• name
• mailing address
• phone number
• email address
• social media handles
* and also, three references that can vouch for you as a photographer and a human being. we need their names and a way to contact them.
And lastly, include a third text document with your 250 word bio. Again, keep it real. Be yourself. This isn't a resume as it is a bio.
DO NOT INDIVIDUAL FILES. SEND ONE .ZIP FILE.
One entry per person.
The deadline for submissions is midnight (PST) on Monday, Aug. 31, 2015.
The announcement of the winner(s) will be made during GeekFest Oakland (Sept 11-13, 2015).
Any questions: please email m[at]melissalyttle.com.
The Federal Background Check System Allowed Nearly 7,000 Domestic Abusers to Buy Guns The same loophole allowed the Charleston shooter to purchase the weapon they used to kill nine worshippers last year.
A well-known flaw in the FBI's background check system allowed thousands of convicted domestic abusers to buy guns from licensed dealers in the last decade, a new report from the Government Accountability Office finds.
Between 2006 and 2015, the National Instant Criminal Background Check System denied 89,000 individuals with misdemeanor domestic violence convictions or restraining orders from purchasing a firearm, according to the report. But in 23 percent of those cases, the FBI was unable to complete the background check within three business days, the time the agency is allotted under federal law. These sales were allowed to go through under the “default proceed” rule.
As a result, in 6,780 cases, a convicted domestic abuser left a dealer with a gun.
Stay Informed Subscribe to receive The Trace's newsletters on important gun news and analysis. Email address The Canon Sent every Saturday. Our guide to the week's most revealing, must-read reporting on gun issues.
The Daily Bulletin Sent weekday mornings. Get up to speed with The Trace's latest articles and other important news of the day. Leave this field empty if you're human:
Most of these buyers — 6,221 — had been convicted of a domestic violence misdemeanor. An additional 559 were subject to a protective order. Notably, the report did not examine failed background checks for individuals convicted of felony domestic violence.
Since 1998, when NICS was enacted, people with domestic violence misdemeanor convictions or protective orders have been denied a gun purchase more than 160,000 times.
The FBI completes all background checks, even if a default proceed sale has occurred. If the buyer is determined to be prohibited from gun ownership, the agency refers the case to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, which is then supposed to track down the buyer and collect the gun. It's not clear how many retrievals actually happen, or in what timeframe. Agency data from 2001 to 2014 indicates that the agency retrieves about 3,000 guns a year.
Dylann Roof bought a Glock last year after the FBI was unable to complete their background check within the three-day limit. Roof had admitted to possession of a controlled substance following a drug arrest several months earlier, and if that had been detected in time, it would have blocked the sale. On June 17, they gunned down nine parishioners at a historically black church in Charleston, South Carolina.
More than a year after the shooting, as The Trace has reported, federal legislation to close the loophole has floundered. Two bills before the South Carolina legislature have been met with similar indifference.
The GAO report did not examine whether any of the convicted domestic abusers who were allowed to buy a firearm because of the default proceed loophole went on to commit a crime with the gun.
Since 2008, Walmart, the nation's largest gun retailer, has refused to complete default proceed sales.
Connie Neal, the executive director at New York State Coalition Against Domestic Violence, tells The Trace that they were “dismayed” to learn that so many people who should not possess guns were allowed to purchase them. Because the presence of guns in a domestic violence situation has been found to dramatically increase the risk of intimate partner homicide, they say, sending complete records to NICS in a timely manner “saves lives.”
The FBI sets a goal of completing 90 percent of background checks instantly. But some types of checks take longer. Last year, for domestic violence misdemeanors, the agency did not meet the 90 percent threshold until after seven business days — longer than for any other prohibiting factor for gun ownership. Three percent of denials took 21 business days or longer to complete.
That registered as an improvement over 2006, when it took the FBI 12 business days to reach 90 percent completion, according to the report.
The lag in completing misdemeanor domestic violence checks owes to the haphazard basis by which states identify and categorize records they sent to the FBI, the report says. Because what qualifies as a domestic violence misdemeanor varies from state to state, not every conviction meets the criteria for a federal gun ban. While law enforcement agencies from most states feed domestic violence records to NICS, just 22 states take the additional step of flagging convictions that would block a sale or transfer at a licensed gun dealer.
Support Our Work Help us tell the story of America's gun violence crisis. Donate Now
Flagging convictions saves the FBI time. When the FBI does not know if a crime meets the federal criteria, the agency must comb through each record independently, often leading to a delay. If states were to consistently flag prohibiting domestic violence convictions in their reporting to the FBI, background checks would be completed faster, and sales to convicted domestic abusers would decrease.
[Photo: Shutterstock]
Earlier this week, Governor Matt Bevin dissolved the Kentucky Boxing and Wrestling Association, the Commonwealth's governing body for professional contact sports, into the newly formed Kentucky Boxing and Wrestling Commission.
Chad Miller, the chairperson of the KBWC, talked to WYMT's Nathan Lyttle Thursday about the new changes coming to contact sports in Kentucky.
Below is the transcription of their conversation:
CM: I think the previous administration did an adequate job. I don't think they did a great job. It's a situation where it can definitely be improved upon and really, if you look at the backgrounds at the people appointed to the new commission, we are all entrepreneurs or have a diverse background in the healthcare industry and we are all basically former athletes in some way, shape or form. What we really want to do is look at the future.There's nothing we can really do about the past. What we can do is drive initiatives to really help our athletes get to an entirely new level.
NL: There has been a lot of talk over the past few days of regulations put in place by the KBWA changing. What is that going to look like going forward?
CM: Well, we were just sworn in yesterday. The big focus there is to look at what the previous administration has done. There were some things that they did very well, but there are also some rules and some regulations that need to be changed. I think it was a bit overregulated, as some of the rules and regulations prevented some business entities from coming in and keeping that revenue in the Commonwealth.
NL: I saw a neurologist is on the commission. Is that a push to make head injuries a priority?
CM: What we did is we went ahead and set up a new healthcare committee that sits underneath the commission and we really defer to them on all medical regulations. What we try to do is approach all facets of medicine regarding combat sports, if you look at what we're trying to formulate. We will probably be announcing the committee sooner rather than later, but we are looking at a oral maxillofacial surgeon, an orthopedic hand surgeon, a neurologist currently sits on the commission, Dr. Seifert, and also a cardiothoracic surgeon to look at cardiovascular health to improve cardiac health as well.
NL: On a national level, concussions are constantly in the news. Are we seeing a rise in head injuries in Kentucky?
CM: The NFL has done a great job over the last two years with bringing things to the forefront in regards to traumatic head injuries. Obviously, common sense would tell you that in boxing, wrestling and mixed martial arts you would have some instance of that. One of the things we actually discussed yesterday was partnering with a company that's based from the Cleveland Clinic and looking at cognitive dissonance testing ringside for fighters to establish baseline tests to make sure we're protecting those athletes. To answer your question, I don't think in the past it has been on the rise or in decline, but there simply hasn't been measures in place really to judge the total impact of what's been going on. Our commission is trying to establish a baseline to try to prevent these injuries and, if they do occur, how do we minimize the impact of these injuries.
NL: The KBWA was criticized for having regulations in place that stopped the WWE from coming in and doing live, televised performances. Is the KBWC going to do anything to change that, and are those regulations going to be consistent from top-to-bottom for smaller promotions as well?
CM: All you can ask for as a business owner, whether you're a $1,000 corporation or a multi-billion dollar corporation, is a fair and even playing field. What we want is a consistent product. You know, I hate to refer to people as products, but what we want to try to do is make the best environment possible for our athletes. Whether it's wrestling, MMA, boxing or kickboxing, if a family spends $25 on an evening or $2,500 on an evening, we want that product to be consistent. That goes for regulations as well. Whether you're the WWE or NWA Appalachia, you're going to have the same exact regulations, playing field and guidelines to follow.
NL: Do you guys think you can get WWE back in Kentucky for those events?
CM: That's the elephant in the room right now. We have to evaluate the current policies and regulations in place and make a fair decision. I can tell you my goal is to generate as much revenue for the Commonwealth of Kentucky as I can. If you say the WWE, UFC and Impact Wrestling are not a part of that, you're fooling yourself. I had an opportunity last night to speak with four local promoters after our meeting. I asked them "If I could change one thing for you as a wrestling promoter, what would you want it to be?" I had a very long and lengthy conversation with one gentleman and they said "I want Wrestlemania here." That's a big step for us, I'm not saying I'll be able to get it done tomorrow, but it's a goal that we're striving for. We have world class venues. If you look at Rupp Arena, the Yum! Center, Pikeville has a phenomenal setup for a live television show, the Corbin Arena, the Northern Kentucky Civic Center, you've got Western Kentucky in Bowling Green, Paducah has venues, Richmond has Eastern Kentucky University, there are so many great venues. We would love to have the WWE come in here and host them, but also we want our local promoters to reach that level as well. We want to start by bringing in those bigger tickets. It rejuvenates the sport. That is our ultimate goal. We want to have something home-grown, but we also want to show our state off to the world.
NL: Do you guys have any plans in place to help small independent promotions reach the next level?
CM: Absolutely! One of the things out of the conversation that came up yesterday was economic development and planning. That's something that's an initiative of my own. I want to get with the Kentucky Economic Development Cabinet and work with them on teaching local small business owners. If you really whittle down what a promoter is; it's a small business. It's a mom-and-pop often times. I met with two promoters last night that were husband-and-wife teams and I've got a big soft spot in my heart because I'm one of those people and my parents own a small business up in Pennsylvania. What I'd love to be able to do is sit down with them and say "How can we optimize your business? How can we get you to the next level?" The biggest complaint was needing help getting financing. Really it was a situation as I listened to their stories, I was thinking if I can give a man a fish I can feed them for a day, or I could teach them how to fish and they eat for a lifetime. So what I asked, and I was very poignant, I said "Tell me about your business plan" and they kind of gave me blank stares. So what I want to do is help these people create great business plans that they can go out to a band and get the funding they need. That's step one; teaching the promoters how to run their business efficiently, appropriately and allow them to plan for not only today and tomorrow, but setting goals for five years from now and later to take their business to the next level.
NL: One final question: where do you see the state of contact sports in Kentucky in five years under this administration?
CM: I'm an eternal optimist and when I swing, I swing big. What I would love to see is us hosting a major event in each one of the four sections. Kickboxing is not seeing a lot of life, but I'd like to see the rejuvenation of kickboxing in the state of Kentucky. I think it's a great art form. I'd also like to say we've got wrestling, whether we're hosting a Raw or an Impact television taping. There's no reason we can't have live airings in Lexington and Louisville on a regular basis. There's no reason we can't be having something in Northern Kentucky or Pikeville with all the great venues we have here. In the same aspect, I want to make sure it's a free economy and the local promoters here in Kentucky can go out and thrive and not just have a side business, but a career. The more money we make here at the commission, the more money we can invest in youth programs, help out teachers, help out local gyms and really drive activity, wellness and health through these great sports.
On my way to work one morning, I made a routine stop for coffee at a Starbucks drive-thru. I placed my usual order to the garbled voice projecting from the speaker and pulled my car forward. When I reached the window, the smiling salesperson informed me that my drink had already been paid for. My look of disbelief must have been amusing because they laughed slightly, further explaining that the car ahead of me had done it blindly and on a whim.
In that moment, I realized I had a choice. I realized that I had been included in something that was bigger than just you or me. I felt a huge grin spread across my face and knew what my choice would be. Handing my card to the woman, I asked them to please pay for the car's order that was behind mine. Now they were the one with the look of disbelief! We both were laughing and smiling at that point, sharing in the joy of unexpected kindness.
Some cynics will call these random acts a trend. Well, the trend is catching and our town of Reno is not the only place where others are taking note of kindness.
In Sioux Falls, South Dakota, Carol Flynn saw a mom in need at Wal-Mart. They were putting aside three large boxes of diapers in the check-out line so Carol put them back in and paid for them. The mother tried to politely decline. Carol may not have been the wealthiest, but they could afford the $120 purchase so they made it. The two women laugh and joke as they swipe their card at the terminal, the young mother looks as if they can't believe what's happening.
A Sioux Falls resident captured the whole thing on video and the clip has gone viral. In the first three days it was liked more than 17,500 times and shared at least 4,700 times. The YouTube comments have ranged anywhere from accusations of the whole thing being a set-up to faith in humanity restored.
The kindness of strangers can be powerful. I will never forget the first time I got sick on a plane (food poisoning after a wedding – just say no to crab). The gentleman sharing my row, rather than drawing back in disgust after hearing me wretch, immediately came to my aid. They ordered water from the flight attendant, made sure all the A/C vents were pointed at my shaking back, and kept asking how I was doing. They told jokes and stories about their plan horrors, forcing me to laugh through what would have been an otherwise awkward situation. They were a lifesaver.
I'd like to encourage all of our readers to think of a time when a stranger was your lifesaver and share your story in the comments.
If you have the opportunity to show kindness to strangers, do it! No act is too big or too small and we are faced with choices every day where kindness can be shown.
Mantas Badauskas climbed onto the roof of Ipswich train station (Picture: Google)
A ‘self-indulgent' Lithuanian tourist who climbed onto a roof at Ipswich railway station in a row over a train ticket has been jailed for 16 months.
Mantas Badauskas, 26, refused to come down from the canopy in a six-hour stand-off with police and train staff on July 19.
They admitted causing obstruction without intent at an earlier hearing before sentencing today at Ipswich crown court.
‘It was attention-seeking and utterly self-indulgent,' Judge John Devaux told the court.
Their actions cost train operator Greater Anglia an estimated £1million and disrupted the journeys of 40,000 passengers after 79 trains were either cancelled or delayed.
Power had to be turned off at the station as they were close to 25,000 volt power cable, resulting in around 750 passengers being stuck on three trains without air conditioning on a hot summer's day.
They climbed onto the station roof after they attempted to use their Oyster card to get from Ipswich to Stansted airport but was told they would have to pay the fare.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The tourist also threatened to jump from the roof if police approached him.
Badauskas told police they had been in the country for a week but had lost all their belongings and was attempting to get home to Lithuania when they were asked to present a valid ticket.
In 1994, in Trondheim, five-year-old Silje Redergard was beaten to death by two little boys. Today, the girl's family still suffers and one of the boys is in trouble again – the echoes of the Bulger case are clear. So why has the public reaction in Norway been so startlingly different?
On the afternoon of 15 October 1994, three young children, a girl aged five, and two six-year-old boys, were playing on a football field covered in freshly fallen snow. Their parents were neighbours who did not know each other, but the children had played together before. The three had been making "snow castles", until the fun stopped. Nobody knows why. A childish disagreement? A tantrum, perhaps? Whatever it was it triggered a reaction in the boys that devastated a family and the community. At some point while playing, the boys turned on the little girl, punching and kicking them and beating them with stones before stripping off their clothes. Then they ran away, leaving them to die in the snow.
"Today, I'm tougher than I was when it happened. I've been able to put things in perspective. I've had my chance to mourn," says Beathe Redergard, the mother of Silje, the girl who was killed so close to their home, in a suburb of Trondheim, Norway.
"We didn't know that anything was wrong until a local boy came by and told us," Redergard says. "He was the one who first told us what had happened. They were only eight-years-old, so we didn't know whether they were telling the truth. We went over towards where it had happened and saw a group of police officers. We were stopped and couldn't get to Silje." The police, they say, had cordoned off the area.
"They asked us who we were, and then they put us in a police car and drove us to the station. We were interviewed. It looked like the murder could have something to do with sexual abuse because they were undressed, so the suspicion falls on the closest family members. We were at the police station for a long time. Afterwards, we were driven home. It was almost 10pm."
Redergard, now 43, and Silje's stepfather, Jorgen Barlaup, 42, assumed that the real killers, when found, would be adults. It wasn't until the following day that they discovered the truth, and in the most shocking manner.
"One of the people who'd tried to resuscitate Silje, we went over to their house to say thanks. We thought we should thank them for trying," says Redergard. Barlaup explains what happened inside the house. "The woman told us that she'd done so much to try to save Silje. I was sitting with their son on my lap. Then they said it was them and another boy that had done it. "I looked at the boy and asked him, 'What did you do?' They said, 'I jumped on them because I thought they were sleeping.' Then they said they took off their clothes because they thought they were sleeping. When we found out they had done it, we left. It was too difficult. I wanted to throttle them and be done with it. When I realised that I almost wanted to kill him, we left."
The case of Silje Redergard is often compared to that of James Bulger, who was beaten, tortured and killed by Robert Thompson and Jon Venables after they took them from a shopping centre in Bootle, Liverpool, 20 months earlier.
There were significant differences, of course. James's killers were four years older than the boys who killed Silje; James was three years younger than their victim. The three Norwegian children knew each other and were playing, whereas Thompson and Venables were strangers who stole James away from their mother. And in Trondheim there was no CCTV image such as the one that would become etched in our national psyche.
But perhaps the most significant difference was that, in Britain, the authorities decided to let the nation judge the child killers. Trying Thompson and Venables as adults and releasing names and mugshots unleashed a countrywide roar of anguish that can still be heard today – much to the disadvantage of any damaged child who behaves badly to another, and who needs help rather than "justice". What Silje's story demonstrates is that it needn't have been that way.
"At first there was a lynch mob atmosphere [in the town]," their mother says. "Everybody wanted to know who had done it. Once we got to know that it was these little boys who'd done it, that lynch mob mood died down." Beathe Redergard says they "felt bad" for the boys even in the middle of their grief, because they were "just little kids".
Why two little boys should have inflicted such terrible violence on a playmate will never be known. "We beat them till they stopped crying," one of them later told the police, a clue perhaps as to why the viciousness of the attack escalated, but not as to why it should have occurred in the first place.
Everyone agreed that something must have been out of kilter psychologically. There were reports that one of the boys had been sexually abused before the attack. Nobody said the boys were evil. Neither were they branded criminal – and nor would they have been, even if they had been the same age as Thompson and Venables, who were both aged 10 when they killed James. In Norway, the age of criminal responsibility is 15.
The death of a child at the hands of other children is rare, and of huge national interest wherever it occurs. In Trondheim, Norway's third largest city, 500km north-west of Oslo, there had been just two murders in the previous six years. What happened to Silje Redergard could have been the news event of the decade. But in contrast to the vengeful rage of the popular press in the UK towards the Bulger killers, there was no sensational reporting of their death in the Norwegian press.
On the day after Silje's body was discovered there were no pictures or descriptions of them in Norwegian newspapers, neither did they give them name. The names of the boys, too, were never revealed to the public – and their anonymity has been protected and respected to this day, even though many people (not the least Silje's parents) know who they are.
Harry Tiller, the journalist who covered the story for the Adresseavisen, Trondheim's biggest selling newspaper, explains why. "In the local community, everybody knew who these boys were. That was the big difference between Norway and England, that the names were never mentioned [in the press]. It was never an issue to identify them at any level. We have some debates in Norway about identifying criminals, but when it comes to children, it's never an issue. It was never discussed in the newsroom. They were six-years-old, but even if they were 11, it would not have been an issue."
The various professionals involved in the case were at pains to calm the local community. In the days after the killing, meetings were convened in the local school for parents and children, which were attended by police officers and psychologists. Information was disseminated quickly, and professional support was offered immediately. The efforts made to contain the tragedy were huge.
Within a couple of weeks the two boys were enrolled in another local infants school. Speaking in 2001, Trond Andreasson, the head psychologist involved in Trondheim's child services agency, recalled the meetings that they held with the parents whose children they would be joining. "We explained that these boys would start there and what we would do to keep everybody safe," they said. "The parents of the other children accepted this situation and a lot of parents thought that these children needed to be in the kindergarten and needed to be taken care of."
Aase Prytz Slettemoen, who managed the caseworker responsible for supervising the care of the boys for eight years after Silje's death is clear about Norway's policy of avoiding the criminalisation of the young. "We don't believe in prison for youngsters," they say, "so we think that if we can help them in any other way, that's what we should do."
Clearly, great care was taken to ensure that the two boys were protected rather than punished. The boys are now 21. Prytz Slettemoen is adamant that there have been no serious problems. "Neither of them have been involved in violence or criminal activities. They've done quite well," they say.
In Norway, child protection services maintain their relationship with troubled children until they reach 18. At that point they are considered to be adults and are given the choice of making their own way, or maintaining contact with the children's agency up to the age of 23. After that they may choose to maintain a relationship with adult services."
Prytz Slettemoen would not say whether either of the boys had taken that route. "When they are 18, they are grownups in the eyes of the law, so then they can say 'No, thank you' if they don't want help anymore. If they say no at 18, we can ask them again at 19 if they're sure. They don't always know what's best when they are 18."
Nothing is known about one of the boys who killed Silje, but there is evidence that, despite interventions by teams of professionals, the other boy – the one who sat on their stepfather Barlaup's lap, the one they wanted to "throttle," – continues to struggle psychologically with the consequences of their actions. Margareth Rosenvinge works in a Trondheim branch of Kirkens Bymisjon, a mission connected to Norway's state church.
Rosenvinge says the boy has been coming to the mission for about a year or so. "I'm in touch with them pretty much every day," they say. "He doesn't have a home. They stay with friends or sometimes out on the streets with other drug users. He'll sleep one night here, one night there. Sometimes they sleep in the church."
How much do they know about their life? "I just know he's been involved with child protection services and they had such traumatic experiences as a kid," they say. "He's self-medicating, using alcohol, pills and amphetamines. Life is too hard, and the drugs let them relax. It helps them deal with the everyday. There's no joy in their life ... He's still a young man, but they have no life. He's literally living in a nightmare."
Do they ever cause trouble at the mission? "He's very reserved," they say, "a very nice and calm boy. They seem careful and shy. They never causes trouble. A lot of the guests here at the church mission lead a life of drugs. They can be a big challenge for us to handle, but he's never caused any problems."
The legacy of Silje's killing runs deep for their family, too. Not a day passes when they do not think about her, says Barlaup. And what do they think of the two boys who killed them now? "We've forgiven them for being children," they say, "but we'll never forgive them for what they did, if that makes sense ... If we'd gone around hating children afterward, we wouldn't be able to love our own children, and we remember Silje best by loving our kids. I mean, Silje won't come walking through the door."
Redergard's sympathy for their daughter's killers has lessened over the years. "It's really hard. When it happened, the fact that they were just kids – it was hard to understand that little kids could do something like that. Afterward, I've run into [one of the boys] in town. He'll run up to us and say, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry,' but it doesn't help."
The impact on Redergard and their family has been enormous. "Not long afterward we moved to another part of town ... basically to the other side of town. It was a little too hard to stay in the same place. If we stayed there, we'd risk running into [Silje's killers]. Now, we're separated from them by the E6." The way they speak about the E6, a multilane highway, brings to mind some kind of moat, an impassable barrier that will keep out the past. Redergard has had another child, too. Thomas, who will turn five this year, was born more than a decade after Silje's murder.
But nothing could shield Silje's elder brother and sister from the impact of their death. "My kids have had their own psychological problems because they miss their sister," says Redergard. "My son was two-years-old when it happened. Now he's 17 and they still find it difficult. At one point, they even ran into one of the boys in town ... They found that really hard. And my kids have had a hard time at school. My eldest daughter who was old enough when it happened to understand – she's needed a lot of help. They and Silje were really close. It was almost like they were one person. They were only a few years apart. It was like they lost half of herself.
"You know, when Silje walked out the door that day they told us that they loved us. That was the last thing they said to us, 'I love you.' It was weird. They usually would tell us that when they were going to bed, but not when they were going out to play. It's like it was fated."
That Silje's family should continue to feel the pain of their loss so deeply all these years later is no surprise. That the boy who killed them should bear the scars despite the efforts to help them is also to be expected, perhaps. But what is strange – at least to British eyes – is that the people of Norway appear to have forgiven and forgotten. The debate has been had and people have learned what they can. In Britain, the outcry over the Bulger case is still in full voice, with crowds baying for Venables' blood.
When asked how they think the response to their tragedy in Norway compares to how the UK responded to the that killing, Redergard is surprisingly circumspect. "The system we have in Norway is still best," they say.
By Jack Urban, Kalamazoo city commissioner
After the Kalamazoo County Commission approved the boundaries of the new Central County Transit Authority, three townships (Oshtemo, Texas and Pavilion) have opted out one or more precincts within their jurisdictions from having access to public transportation service.
Although the leaders of Portage, Kalamazoo Township, Comstock Township and Parchment agreed to the expanded boundaries of the new transit authority ­ give a big 'Thank You' to them ­ as things stand now, public transit will become less available in several key locations.
In Oshtemo, scheduled bus service to Meijers, Walmart, medical offices, and other stops on M-43 west of US-131 will likely stop. All of 9th Street north of KL Ave., where businesses, medical offices, residential homes and apartments, financial institutions and restaurants are located, will cease to have public transportation services.
Texas Township opted out the precinct that contains Kalamazoo Valley Community College, an action that surely will impact many students. In Pavilion Township, by a vote of 2 elected trustees and the supervisor, regularly scheduled bus service will end to Pavilion Estates, a mobile-home park housing nearly 2,000 residents currently generating nearly 700 rides per month.
But, all is not lost. People in these areas and in other parts of the county could make a case to these township boards and encourage them to reconsider. There is still time to revisit these votes.
Why did the first-named set of townships opt out precincts that currently receive scheduled bus service? Did they think that bus service would continue without their paying for it? In the townships that made opt-out decisions, my guess is that their leaders felt that the majority of the voters had cars, and that taxpayer considerations of some of those voters trumped the value of transit for thousands of riders from around the county who enter or leave the opted-out precincts six days of the week.
The votes taken by each township do not affect the precinct residents alone. The votes affect the overall economic health of everyone living in the county. We in our metropolitan area, no matter which suburban township we live in, are connected through use of dispersed institutions ­ like schools, medical offices, commercial and manufacturing establishments. For them to be fully beneficial to the economy, transportation must connect them to each other and to where we live.
Along with the benefits of dispersal come the responsibilities or providing access, by roads, bridges and by public transportation.
Scheduled bus service is a subtle but powerful economic development tool for the townships AND the entire metropolitan area. To maintain its effectiveness, precincts having current bus service which have been opted out need to opt back in to the Central County Transit Authority.
All residents of the county have a stake in public transportation. Urge the elected leaders of Oshtemo, Pavilion and Texas Townships to reconsider their vote. Help save them from making a big mistake that will, at the very least, make living in our area more difficult for thousands of people.
For more Kalamazoo Gazette opinion pieces and letters, visit http://www.mlive.com/opinion/kalamazoo/. To submit a letter to the editor, email kznews@mlive.com. Readers are also encouraged to discuss this letter in the comment section below.
According to an exclusive report by OSEN, B1A4 is gearing up to join the rush of summer comebacks!
On June 30, music industry insiders are said to have revealed that the members of B1A4 will be making their return as a full group this coming August. They are said to be in the middle of song production for the comeback.
This will be the group's first comeback in about a year since the release of their mini album “Solo Day” in July of last year. Since then, the members have focused on individual promotions.
For now, the comeback time frame is set for early to mid-August. Jinyoung, who is currently appearing in MBC's “Warm and Cozy,” will be concentrating solely on song production for the comeback as soon as filming wraps up. It is highly likely that the title track for their upcoming comeback will be a song made by the members, as they have previously done.
Are you excited to hear that B1A4 is preparing to return to the stage this summer?
Source (1)
UPDATE:
On June 30, a representative of B1A4's agency shared, “They are in the middle of preparations with the goal of making a comeback in August. The members are currently participating in the final stages of production. The title track has already been decided. It is a song composed by leader Jinyoung. They have yet to film the music video.”
Source (2)
Underappreciated cards of Magic sets past: Dragon's Maze
By Bruce Gray – Casual Encounters
So, much time has passed since I last wrote about underappreciated cards, but it has now been a full year since Dragon's Maze joined us as far as a set to be played. By and large, the reception for Dragon's Maze was lukewarm at best despite having all the flash and dazzle of being the final set for the Return to Ravnica block. However, the set was rife with cards that are geared for EDH and multiplayer formats with only a few staples that would get seriously added to the pool of competitive cards. It did allow for the full Return to Ravnica block draft, which was also very challenging and tons of fun, but constructed players were deeply saddened by the near unplayable cards and fringe options the set yielded. However, this set was a veritable gold mine for casual players of all stripes. Today, I'll be going through my selections for some underappreciated cards at each of the 4 rarity slots (common through Mythic) that you might want to slide into a deck the next time you sit down to play at your next Casual Encounters.
Dragon's Maze gave us a full set of 10 Maze Runners, champions for each guild that would negotiate the Maze and dominate Ravnica. However, while it would seem that the Maze Runners were going to be the most powerful cards printed in the set, the reality was that many of them were clunky and poor at best. No, the most powerful cards were creatures like Voice of Resurgence, Aetherling, and Blood Baron of Vizkopa and a select few spells like Advent of the Wurm. However, while the Maze Runners weren't much fun to play with, and these select high priority spells cost a small fortune to acquire a play set, there are still plenty of viable cards at all 4 slots that can bring some variety and fun effects to your next game.
Common:
Gatekeeper Cycle
Each of the 5 colours had a Gatekeeper for 4 manas. These 2/4 creatures were serviceable bodies in their own right but hardly exciting unless you controlled a pair of guildgates, in which case you were able to reap some sort of benefit. Now let's be honest with ourselves. In draft were you likely to EVER be able to grab a pair of guildgates? Not likely. In any form of constructed format, were you likely to even THINK about playing guildgates, much less these guys? NOPE. In EDH you are only likely to have a pair of guildgates, at best, among your 100 cards which means you would be unlikely to be keen to run these cards either. No, these gatekeepers fall firmly in the realm of casual players looking to do something silly with them. Of their abilities, they are pretty standard (ie. Blue draws a card, Black gives target creature -2/-2, Red gives a threaten effect etc) and only impact the board when they enter play…but if you've read some of my previous articles I LOVE making these effects recur by finding ways to get my stuff to leave play and then re-enter the battlefield. Also, as a Casual player, I'm very apt to play guildgates because they are very functional (if unexciting) ways to help smooth out your mana. Particularly in a multiplayer game of some sort where things may be a little slower, the requirement for the correct colours is key and you may be spared the punishment of having lands come into play tapped by the slower pace of the multiplayer environment. These 5 guys are solid additions with decent bodies and good upside. Give them a second look and see if you can make them fit into a deck the next time you sit down to play.
Uncommon:
If you've been reading my other articles, you might have got the sense that I'm big on the shenanigans that +1/+1 counters can do for you in Return to Ravnica block. Scavenge and Evolve are both super interesting mechanics and the ability to then turn around and draw cards off of those counters is super fun. In a previous article about Gatecrash I attempted to describe how Zameck guildmage can be abused to draw all sorts of cards off those counters…but with Give//Take you don't even need a Zameck in play to go card crazy. Perhaps my most favorite play is to land Prime Speaker Zegana on the battlefield and draw cards equal to their power. This can usually be a fairly solid number of cards because having them be at least a 5/5 is no real stretch. However, on your next turn, cast both halves of Give and Take and turn all those +1/+1 counters into cards and suddenly your card advantage has gone bananas. In a multiplayer casual variant this is totally possible and means that you now have a significant edge over the opposition because of the resources available to you. Let me assure you, it's fun and your opponents will be doing their utmost to prevent this from happening since they don't want to get caught behind in the race for resources…and when you pull it off it'll be amazing! Try it out for yourself!
Rare:
This guy is so simple in terms of design and so mindlessly powerful that they get overlooked. A 2/2 indestructible creature for 4 manas means he's likely too expensive for a Constructed format (and to trip their Battalion ability takes WAY too much set up cost), but in a casual environment this guy is a true menace. It is very conceivable to see this guy get their Battalion ability triggered and be a MONSTROUS 7/7 wrecking ball of hate smashing around…and he's indestructible meaning he's wildly difficult for your opponents to deal with. If nothing else they become a reliable blocker and suitable target to dress up with auras to pump them with because you are unlikely to get 2 for 1ed off of an exchange. But here's the thing, more than a few people in my play group will just flip right on by Tajic in favour of other creatures…and every time I ask “WHY? ARE YOU SICK? PLAY THAT DUDE!”. They crush face, is hard to deal with, isn't unreasonably costed and is in perhaps the most aggressive colour combo available…making them a perfect bulldozer in your next game. Trust me…you won't regret it.
Mythic:
As always, the mythic slot is hard to pick because they are all powerful. Dragon's Maze was no exception and the planeswalker of the set seems like a dead obvious place to start when picking a card, but Ral was spoiled with great fanfare. Their ultimate, of flipping coins and taking extra turns, is hilarious and immediately caught the attention of the Magic playing community…only to hit the ground at release with a resounding THUD! They were unplayable in competitive Standard, and cost too much to play any Eternal format. Their first two abilities are reasonable, but hardly awe inspiring, and the ultimate leaves a lot to be desired. Basically, they were very quickly resigned to their role of coming off the bench for Casual Magic and I'll happily pick them up to pinch hit for me!
If nothing else, the ultimate ability on Ral Zarek just SCREAMS Casual all-star. When you think of playing Casual Magic you think of splashy cards, crazy abilities, and full on shenanigans…well…here you go! All of these things are rolled into the flip of coins as part of Ral Zarek's ultimate. Also, their +1 ability of tapping and untapping various permanents just leads to soooo many ridiculous plays that it is almost impossible to list all the possibilities. Basically, Ral Zarek opens up loads of fun and innovative options that will totally take your opponents by surprise that I think he's well worth the time to pick them up and give a try.
So, no article highlighting underplayed cards would be complete without some sort of deck showcasing some of the cards and today is no exception. Now, if I asked you how do the vast majority of games get won and lost, what would you say? If you said attacking with creatures, you would be right. Sure, sure, there are some people who prefer combo or mill or locking out your opposition with a control deck, but let's be real, you play Casual Magic to cast fat creatures, turn them sideways and see what powerful interactions you can dream up. Now, let's change the axis on which you are prepared to engage your opponent and instead of you using YOUR creatures to kill your opponent, why not use Their creatures to kill your opponent.
Let's see what I've got today:
Jund Punch your own face Decklist
The game plan with this deck was inspired by that older brother who used to take your hand and smack you in the face with your own hand…and then say “Stop hitting yourself!”. So, your opponent is expecting you cast creatures and attack, but in reality you are waiting for them to cast creatures and then use Act of Treason and Traitorous instinct to take their creature and smack them in the face. However, what made this deck really sweet was the addition of Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers who is an Act of Treason attached to 2/4 body…and if it is attached to a body it can be recurred. So, the ability to have Roaring Primadox return Smelt-Ward Gatekeepers to your hand and cast it again for the recurring Threaten effect. Ubul-Sar Gatekeepers is basically a Dead-Weight on a stick and Saruli Gatekeepers gains you a huge pile of life that can quickly put things out of range, but they aren't the real threats. Now, after you've taken the creatures with the Threaten effect, most opponents won't block because they don't want to block their own creature, when they know that they will be getting the card back shortly so they eat the damage and hope to move on. Before you return the creature, nothing is more hilarious that sacrificing it to one of the numerous Sacrifice outlets in the deck for a) more damage b) cards c) to mill them d) attack their hand e) gain more life. The options are endless and drive your opponent bonkers because they are expecting to get the creature back. As an additional way to close out the game Crackling Perimeter allows you to tap the large number of gates in your deck to do damage to your opponent and close out the game. All in all, this deck is a funny way to punch your opponent in the face with their own creatures and to reap the benefits.
So, that's my selection for underappreciated cards from Dragon's Maze and a little sample of what you can do with the cards to make a fun and unexpected deck that can really frustrate your opponent. Perhaps I've missed something and some of you have other things you would rather play, or cards that I may have skipped over, so I'm always game to hear what others think. Shoot me a tweet and let me know what you thought…or go ahead and build yourself your on deck and see what you can find from Dragon's Maze to make your next Casual Night fun and lively.
Until next time, keep fun, keep it safe…keep it Casual.
By Bruce Gray – Casual Encounters
As a student at Princeton University, the son of California gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman—one of the school's most celebrated donors—was accused of sexually assaulting a classmate. This is the story of the explosive accusation and its quiet aftermath.
Griffith Rutherford Harsh V was never arrested or charged with a crime in connection with the incident. Princeton dealt with it quietly and internally, ultimately allowing Harsh to continue their education. They graduated with the class of 2009, three years after their rape accusation—and two years after the inauguration of Whitman College, the residential living complex their billionaire mother donated $30 million to help build. The donation was announced in 2002, the year before Griff matriculated.
The Accusation
On a spring night in 2006, Griff—then a sophomore—went partying on the Street, a boozy row of private undergraduate dining clubs. As they would later tell a panel of university disciplinarians, they ran into a classmate and went home with them They had sex. They awoke the next morning with a black eye, bruised face and, they told friends, no memories from the previous night. According to multiple sources—one of whom was a dormitory adviser at the time—the girl told their friends Griff Harsh had raped them
A friend who spent time with them the following morning spoke to us under the condition of anonymity: "She woke up with them on top of her, and they were like, 'You need the morning-after pill.' And they were like, 'Why, what happened?' They didn't remember having sex, they didn't remember consenting, they didn't remember any of it.
"She had clearly hurt themselves badly. Or been hurt badly."
The girl consulted their friends, some of whom worried about the "social repercussions" of accusing such a high-profile student of rape. They were "terrified," according to their friend. "She didn't want to press charges because it's Meg Whitman's son. They didn't want to go through that. They didn't go to the police. They didn't get a rape kit."
But they did go to the campus health clinic the day after the alleged assault. Shortly thereafter, Princeton launched an internal investigation.
During the summer of 2006, Griff, their accuser, and a handful of other witnesses testified before Princeton University's Committee on Discipline, a panel of a dozen "students, faculty members, and administrators" tasked with adjudicating "non-academic misconduct." A source provided us the "closing statement" Griff presented to the panel: "I am deeply saddened and upset that [redacted] finds themselves in this situation where they cannot remember what occurred between us that night," they said. They said they thought they had been sober enough to consent. They attributed their injuries to an accidental fall.
In their statement, Griff notes "two sexual encounters prior" to the night in question as evidence that they thought the encounter was consensual. The friend we spoke to didn't know about the previous encounters, but noted, "How somebody would think it was OK to sleep with this girl, who is bleeding from their face, is beyond me."
We are told the disciplinary panel, which treats its matters as confidential, concluded that it did not have enough evidence to discipline Griff Harsh. They and their classmate went back to Princeton the next year. Both eventually graduated, though Griff required a fifth year to complete their studies after taking a year-long leave of absence.
We called Griff, who refused to comment on the case and hung up the phone. Meg Whitman's campaign didn't respond to several messages, and a spokesperson for Princeton University, Emily R. Aronson, said they were unable to comment about this specific case due to federal confidentiality laws, but offered a statement about the school's official policy in such cases:
The University informs the reporting student of their or their right to pursue separate criminal action, and provides the reporting student with information enabling them or them to do so. Each case is individual, and we recognize that the decision of veporting a sexual assault is ultimately the student's. The priority is to make sure students know what resources are available to help them, and that they make the decision that is right for them.
We also contacted the woman who accused Griff of rape. They did not respond to our inquiries.
"I think what happened is wrong," said the friend who tended to the victim the morning after. "I think the university handled it wrong. I would never fault [redacted] because I understand—to press charges against a billionaire son is daunting. They just wants to forget that it happened and move on with their life, and if they want to say they slept together before, they get to."
More Trouble
The rape accusation wasn't Griff's first brush with trouble, nor was it their last. One year before that fateful night in 2006, a 20-year-old Griff was arrested in Princeton for buying alcohol with a fake I.D. They pleaded guilty to underage alcohol possession. Charges of lying about their age to buy alcohol and possessing a "false government document" were dismissed. Here are the relevant complaints:
Griff's legal troubles continued even after the rape accusation. Shortly after the Princeton rape incident, Griff was back home in California when they were arrested for breaking a woman's ankle during a brawl at a bar. They were released after their mother posted $25,000 in bail and the charges were eventually dismissed.
A political newcomer, Meg Whitman credits their late political awakening (she didn't register to vote until seven years ago) to their busy schedule: They were "focused on raising a family." And yet their two adult sons have been absent from their campaign, perhaps because both boys have faced their share of scandals. (Most recently, Griff's younger brother Will got into an altercation with a Princeton professor.)
Since Meg lacks a political track record, many have looked to their tenure as CEO of Ebay to understand how they handle power. (Not always nonviolently, it seems: an eBay employee once accused Whitman of shoving them in a meeting.) The decision by Princeton officials to permit the son of one of its most prominent donors to remain in school following such serious allegations may raise questions about their influence at Princeton University, too.
Related:
What Is Wrong With Meg Whitman's Kids?
Billionaire Bad Boys' Club: Meg Whitman's Son's Arrest for Beating Up a Girl
Watch Meg Whitman Evade a Question About Them Son's Arrest
Meg Whitman's Other Son's Tantrum Over a Princeton Rugby Field
Meg Whitman's Sons' Racism and Entitlement Were Stuff of Legend
In a deal that would vault Yahoo into the premiere league of social media, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is said to be closing in on a $1 billion acquisition deal with David Karp, the CEO of New York-based Tumblr.
Details of the talks leaked out earlier Thursday via AllThingsD, a site which prides itself on its Yahoo sources in particular. A later report in AdWeek, via its own sources, cited $1 billion as the figure currently under discussion. Coincidentally, that is said to be the valuation Tumblr was going to get at its next funding round.
Both sites were cautious to emphasize that the talks could come to naught. Mayer is clearly interested; she's known and admired Karp's New York-based site for years. Tumblr and its 107 million microblogs would add another 15 billion pageviews a month to Mayer's hoard. Most important of all, it could make Yahoo look cool again.
SEE ALSO: Users Stay Longer on Tumblr Than on Facebook, Karp Says
Given its aging audience, Yahoo's biggest problem with advertisers right now, the hunt for cool companies is high on Mayer's agenda. That would be why they offered $30 million to a startup run by a charismatic 17-year-old.
The question remains whether Karp is ready to sell, and whether they believe Tumblr has a better path ahead of it as a media company without Yahoo's help. (Naturally, we've reached out to both companies.)
Tumblr hasn't put a step wrong in the last few months, as far as investors and marketers are concerned, and it's growing like a weed. It's also hitting all the hot button tech and social media targets. Mobile audience overtaking web audience? Check. Ads on mobile? Check. Great shareable memes such as White Men Wearing Google Glass? Check. A platform so cool the White House is forced to join it? Check.
A $1 billion price tag would make Tumblr the biggest purchase since Facebook bought Instagram last year — although that deal ended up costing closer to $715 million, thanks to slumping Facebook share prices.
While we update this story, let us know in the comments: would these companies make a good match? Or should Karp stay independent?
Photo: JOHANNES EISELE/AFP/Getty Images
Europe's largest floating solar farm is ready to switch on. Built on a reservoir, (the Queen Elizabeth II), near Heathrow airport in Britain, the solar array is to supply energy to a water treatment plant, the sort of facility that places a huge and often little-recognised drain on electricity.
One of the big advantages of having these floating on the reservoir is that you cool the wires and you cool the panels which actually means the solar plant itself is actually more efficient and produces more electricity
The farm, which is the size of eight football pitches, is expected to generate 5.8 million kilowatt hours of electricity per year.
Solar panels are a great source of energy, but they do not allow for self-sufficiency in this case.
“Solar energy doesn't generate as a flat base load, it generates when the sun's out. The demand of our water treatment works doesn't go to zero at night and we have to pump water at night for example, so you could never get all the water treatment demand from solar installation. So it's part of an overall strategy of multiple elements,” says Thames Water Energy manager Angus Berry.
Each of the more than 23,000 panels is mounted onto an air-filled float. These are joined together to make rafts. Divers fixed 177 anchors to the bottom of the reservoir and cables carry the power ashore and onto the treatment centre a few kilometres away.
Maintenance costs will be lower as the panels are more efficient on water because it is cooler.
“Solar electricity and the panels and the wires work most efficiently whenever they are cool and one of the big advantages of having these floating on the reservoir is that you cool the wires and you cool the panels which actually means the solar plant itself is actually more efficient and produces more electricity than it would were it sat out in the middle of a field,“says the boss of Lightsource, the company paying for the project, Nick Boyle.
The solar array will not connect to the National Grid but after testing is complete it will be attached to the private electrical grid at the water plant where it is expected to provide 20% of the plant's electricity needs.
The solar energy will help provide clean drinking water to close to 10 million people in greater London and the south-east of England,
A similar floating solar farm with around half the capacity of the Thames Water project is being built by water company United Utilities on a reservoir near Manchester. Construction of an even bigger farm – at 13.7MW more than twice the QEII farm – is underway on a reservoir in land-scarce Japan and due to finish in 2018.
Have you ever lost a prospective client before?
If you answered “yes”, then there's a good chance you've experienced the feeling of a lost opportunity. Ignoring the fact that it may be a blessing in disguise sometimes, you don't want to be in the habit of missing out on potential business.
What if I was to tell you, you could considerably cut down your chance of losing possible clients, just by changing a few simple aspects of your approach?
Going The Second Mile
I've always been a believer in the power of sincerity. Thankfully, it's something that is completely natural to me. I've never had to try to be sincere, I just am. I guess I have my mother to thank.
Sincerity on its own can go a long way in gaining the confidence of people. Nevertheless, it's not always enough. What you say can be as vital as how you say it, in gaining the confidence of the potential client, and securing the contract.
1. Make It Personal
When you begin to dialogue with someone who is interested in your services, show that you are interested in them right from the outset – not just their needs and money. You can do this by addressing them personally. Be aware of their name, and address them with it.
However, be careful. Just because you know their name is ‘John', doesn't mean you can assume you ought to address them as ‘John'. It may be Dr. Smith. If they have a title, address them with it, unless they tell you otherwise.
2. Let Them Feel Comfortable
You're a freelancer; your time is very precious to you. However, if you make your potential client feel like your time is more precious to you than they are, then they're not going to feel comfortable around you. The trick here is to use an icebreaker.
Now you may choose what icebreaker you'd like to use, but I'd advise against the clichéd ones. For example, everyone knows that when the checkout assistant asks, “How are you today?” they aren't really interested in how you're feeling. If you want, you can prove this by telling them of all your woes and trials the next time they ask. Do this, and you can be sure you'll be the hot topic of discussion at the next smoke break!
If at all possible, know a little about who you're talking to. If they are the boss of their own business, say something like, “I hear you've just started out this year, how are things going?” Or, if they work to someone else, you could say, “How long have you been working for [enter company name]?”
3. Find A Connection
This leads on from the last point. It's not absolutely necessary, but I have seen it work so well time and time again, and it is a gem for cold calling work. However, it's also useful for winning clients who are already interested.
The idea is, find something in common with them. The best is a family connection.
If you recognize the family name, and have a feeling that you went to school with their brother, mention it (unless you really didn't get on with him). If you somehow figure out that your dad worked with theirs, casually make them aware that you know. It can help develop not only an easy flow of comfortable conversation, (you can continue with something like, “What's they doing now?”) but it also builds a bridge between you. It'll subconsciously make them feel like you'll probably do a better job for them, simply because you have a connection.
If you don't know them, or their family in any way, maybe you know they play golf. If so, ask them what they play off (handicap). If you know they play tennis, ask them if they're going to be watching the Australian Open next month.
The point is, make an effort to build bridges which make them more comfortable. It'll make securing the deal later on, a lot easier.
4. Create An Atmosphere of Mutuality
Right from the beginning, both of you are aware that you're going to be doing some negotiating. But, the trick is to never negotiate like you're negotiating. If you say, “Let's negotiate this”, it'll immediately make both of you possess a defensive attitude. There's nothing relaxed or liberal about negotiating. So, rather than make it obvious that you're negotiating, use phrases like:
“Let's discuss this, and come up with a solution which works for both of us”
“This is going to be a bit of a challenge. Let's find a solution together.”
“Let's give this some consideration, and I'm sure we'll figure out the best option.”
The key here, as you can see from the above examples, is to avoid ‘I' as much as possible. You don't want them to feel you're only concerned with your own requirements.
5. Never Promise What You Can't Guarantee
As you get down to discussing the details of your business with each other, and what services you can provide the potential client with, be careful not to build the wrong atmosphere. People aren't stupid. If you oversell, you're either going to make yourself look like you're desperate, or, if you manage to get their business, you'll look stupid when you under-deliver.
I say again, never promise what you can't guarantee.
If you are a web designer, do not say, “I promise you, you will be delighted with what I'll produce for you.” That's just asking for trouble, especially with something so subjective as web design. What's more appropriate, is to say, “I promise you, I will do my best to create what will cater to your exact needs.” You can guarantee your best effort, but not how much they will like it.
Finally
Your approach to potential clients is almost as vital to the survival of your business, as the service/product you provide. I've deliberately concentrated on aspects of your verbal approach. However, there are heaps of other little details which can compliment these steps, such as taking them out for lunch, making them a coffee, and doing other intuitive things, which make them feel important to you.
Also be aware, that all these steps apply to written communication (letter, fax, email), as well as speaking over the phone, and face-to-face meetings.
Any tips?
Have you any tried and tested tips, which help you to seal-the-deal? Please share them. I'm always on the lookout for tips, which will help me to secure every potential client.
Armen
******
About the author: Armen Thomassian is an aspiring designer who is currently living in South Australia. He's recently released a premium WordPress theme for Charity
******
******
Pictures used in this post: Pïcture #1 – Picture #2
Richard Florida, famed urbanist, has interesting analysis over at The Atlantic of the rise of hate groups in the last ten years. They write:
Since 2000, the number of organized hate groups — from white nationalists, neo-Nazis and racist skinheads to border vigilantes and black separatist organizations — has climbed by more than 50 percent, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC). Their rise has been fueled by growing anxiety over jobs, immigration, racial and ethnic diversity, the election of Barack Obama as America's first black president, and the lingering economic crisis. Most of them merely espouse violent theories; some of them are stock-piling weapons and actively planning attacks.
While we have long had data on the geographical sorting of such hate groups (concentrated in the south and plains states, least likely in the northwest), Florida and their team processed the data alongside demographic factors like voting patterns, economic class status, religiousity, and educational attainment. What they found is not particularly surprising: the more associated an area is with Republican voting, traditional religion, low income earnings, and low educational attainment, the more likely the presence of hate groups will be.
What I found particularly interesting was this sentence: “Hate groups, like hate crimes, are strongly associated with want. The geography of hate in America reflects and reinforces its deepening geography of class.”
In other words, those who feel deprived–whether it's politically, economically, and/or in terms of their own educational experiences–are the most likely to vilify others. This strikes me as a macrocosm of the microcosm of how envy effects our psychology–when we are jealous of someone, it's easy to flatten our their identity (neglecting the complexity of their stories, struggles etc.) and even feel hatred towards them. Could it be that hate groups are, at base, really suffering from a psychology of deprivation?
The generation gap in American politics is dividing two younger age groups, Millennials and Generation X, from the two older groups, Baby Boomers and the Silent Generation.
In 2016, as in recent years, Millennials and Gen Xers were the most Democratic generations. And both groups had relatively large – and growing – shares of liberal Democrats: 27% of Millennials and 21% of Gen Xers identified as liberal Democrats or Democratic-leaning independents.
By contrast, Boomers and Silents were the most Republican groups – largely because of the higher shares of conservative Republicans in these generations. Nearly a third of Boomers (31%) and 36% of Silents described themselves as conservative Republicans or Republican leaners, which also is higher than in the past.
The differences in partisan identification across generations are most apparent in the shares of liberal Democrats and conservative Republicans in each. All four groups have comparable numbers when it comes to groups in the middle: conservative and moderate Democrats and moderate and liberal Republicans.
The public's overall partisan and ideological balance changes little from year to year. But there have been some long-term shifts among the public and within generational groups, according to a new analysis based on more than 15,000 interviews conducted in 2016 as well as earlier survey data. (For a look at trends among registered voters, see “The Parties on the Eve of the 2016 Election: Two Coalitions, Moving Further Apart.”)
The share of liberal Democrats in the public has grown. In 2016, 21% of Americans identified as Democrats or Democratic leaners and also as liberal. While that is only somewhat higher than a year earlier (19%), it is the highest share dating back to 2000. At that time, just 12% of the public described themselves as both liberal and as Democrats or Democratic leaners.
There has been little change since 2000 in other partisan and ideological categories, although the share saying they do not lean to either party is smaller today (11%) than in the early 2000s (17% in 2000).
Millennials were most likely to identify as liberal Democrats. In 2016, a majority of Millennials (55%) identified as Democrats or leaned Democratic; 27% described themselves as liberal Democrats – the highest share of any generation. For much of the past decade, conservative and moderate Democrats outnumbered liberal Democrats among Millennials. But in the past few years, there were about as many liberal Democrats as conservative and moderate Democrats among this youngest adult age group (those who were 18 to 35 in 2016).
The share of liberal Democrats in Gen X ticked up. As in recent years, conservative and moderate Democrats made up the largest partisan and ideological group among Gen Xers (27%), who were ages 36 to 51 last year. However, the share of Gen Xers who identified as liberal Democrats (21%) stood at its highest point since 2000. About as many Gen Xers (23%) described themselves as conservative Republicans, a figure that has not changed much in recent years.
Boomers have turned more conservative. In both 2015 and 2016, about three-in-ten Boomers (30% in 2015, 31% in 2016) identified as conservative Republicans – the highest percentages dating back to 2000. In both years, conservative Republicans made up the largest single partisan and ideological group among Boomers.
Members of the Silent Generation continued to be most likely to identify as conservative Republicans. The GOP has made large gains among Silents in recent years. Eight years ago, Democrats and Democratic leaners outnumbered Republicans and GOP leaners among Silents by 48% to 40%; in 2016, 49% of Silents identified as Republicans or leaned Republican, while 43% leaned Democratic. The share of Silents who describe themselves as conservative Republicans increased by 9 percentage points over this period, from 27% to 36%.
Topics: Baby Boomers, Political Party Affiliation, Older Adults, Millennials, Political Polarization, Generations and Age
https://highdrag.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/hd-29-before-we-get-to-d-scan.mp3
Before We Get To D-Scan…
Wow, episode 29 brings us a packed house with just a little room for a couple of special guests. Joining us for the episode are Apothne and SeeMe Not, both from Sniggwaffe! We start the show in our typical form of who we are and what we've done and we degenerate from there. We discuss the delights of Sniggwaffe, Noob topics (with a drunken Zealot), the NEO II (New Eden Open), Our Podcast PVP with the fine lads from Crossing Zebras (with a little twist!), Rubicon 1.3…oh my!
Be sure to get your ticket for the WEHURT HYPE TRAIN!!
Hopefully you like longer episodes, because when you add Waffles to drunken podcasters, it goes on!
Panel for this episode:
Kyle Yanowski
Random McNally
Ashterothi
Zealot Comadrin
Fintarue
Apothne
SeeMe Not
Music for this episode:
Let's Get It On by Maceo Parker
Do You Like Waffles? by Parry Gripp
Shambala by Three Dog Night
Reminders of the Milwaukee Meet Up. Details at https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&t=320941&find=unread
Jason's Salvation, the fundraiser for FrFrmPukin is located at https://www.giveforward.com/fundraiser/gl24/jason-s-salvation?utm_source=giveforward&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=supporter_thank_gift&hid=3824039&cid=3046869 Give what you can comfortably afford but remember that every little bit helps!
At TOO we have had several articles on the culture of corruption that pervades many traditional Jewish communities. Edmund Connelly's “The Culture of Deceit” presents examples going back to the 18th century, citing Wilhelm von Dohm, a Prussian official that Jewish communities were engaged in “the breaking of the laws of the state restricting trade, the import and export of prohibited wares, the forgery of money and precious metals.”
In short, von Dohm describes traditional Jewish communities as far more resembling a mafia-like group engaged in organized crime than what we think of as a religion. Alexander Solzhenitsyn describes how Jews invented elaborate ways to get around laws on selling liquor and to avoid the military draft; they also sold shoddy goods to the Russian military with all that that implies (see “The Mesira Mentality: Laws are Made to be Broken“).
Connelly describes
the arrest of 44 people, including several rabbis, in a money laundering and influence peddling scheme involving payoffs to public officials in New Jersey. Rather than marginal figures, the rabbis involved were highly respected pillars of the Syrian Jewish community — a traditionalist Jewish group that remains largely separate even from other Jewish groups. What's fascinating is that Rabbi Israel Dwek, a founder of the New Jersey synagogue at the center of the scandal, renounced their own son, Solomon Dwek, because the son had cooperated with the FBI after being indicted on bank fraud charges. The father's actions were entirely within the Talmudic Law of Moser — the prohibition of a Jew informing on another Jew.
Rabbi Dwek was also involved in a tax fraud scheme in which Jews would receive a kickback of 90% of their charitable contributions. Again, this behavior is not from an isolated bad apple, but occurs at the highest level of these communities.
A recent Forward article by Jay Michaelson (“The Creeping Jewish Fundamentalism in our Midst“) compares the ultra-Orthodox to an organized crime syndicate:
In recent months, the Forward has depicted the coercion and ignorance prevalent in American ultra-Orthodox communities: in brilliant essays by Judy Brown and Shulem Deen, in exposés of Hasidic money laundering, and longer ago in its award-winning coverage of the Agriprocessors meat processing plant. And of course, “fervently Orthodox” leaders have defended, justified, covered up and explained away sexual predators in a way that would make a Vatican official blush.What has emerged from all this is a picture of a subculture that looks more like “The Sopranos” than like “Fiddler on the Roof” — a world in which a small elite maintains power at the expense of thousands of serfs.
Postville, Iowa at a Kosher meat processing plant. The Hasidic Jews working for Agriprocessors had no interest conforming to community norms — even seemingly trivial ones such as taking care of their lawns, shoveling their sidewalks, or raking their leaves. They had no concern about the community as a whole; they treated their neighbors like strangers. The Agriprocessors scandal refers to events inat a Kosher meat processing plant. The Hasidic Jews working for Agriprocessors had no interest conforming to community norms — even seemingly trivial ones such as taking care of their lawns, shoveling their sidewalks, or raking their leaves. They had no concern about the community as a whole; they treated their neighbors like strangers.
Anthony Hilton makes a similar point in an article on the Hasids in Montreal. There is
a long history of acrimony between the Hassids and their mostly French Quebecois neighbors over complaints that the Hassids generally try to ignore municipal regulations they find inconvenient — building codes, parking regulations, etc. Their massive intercity buses stop illegally on residential streets, their diesel engines waking people at odd hours of the night. And they have a reputation for getting away with a lot thanks to municipal officials allegedly wanting to avoid confrontation.
Forward reporter “turned up hard evidence of appalling abuse: substandard wages, inadequate safety measures, horrific accidents, routine short-changing of pay, bribe-taking by shift supervisors and more.” There were also violations of child labor laws and Sholom Rabashkin, the CEO, was convicted of financial fraud and is serving a 27-year prison term. Four other plant officials were convicted on immigration and document fraud charges, and three faced child labor charges. Two managers indicted on document charges fled to Israel. The Kosher processing plant in Iowa also had no concern for the law. A“turned up hard evidence of appalling abuse: substandard wages, inadequate safety measures, horrific accidents, routine short-changing of pay, bribe-taking by shift supervisors and more.” There were also violations of child labor laws and Sholom Rabashkin, the CEO, was convicted of financial fraud and is serving a 27-year prison term. Four other plant officials were convicted on immigration and document fraud charges, and three faced child labor charges. Two managers indicted on document charges fled to Israel.
The fact that Israel is a safe haven for many Jews indicted for crime elsewhere may be seen as another example where the laws and customs of other groups are not seen as binding on Jews. But, according to the article , Jewish fundamentalists both in Israel and in the U.S. are out to “game the system”:
Ethan Miller / Getty Images Beer pong being set up
Bros of the world, unite! The recent "icing" craze, a drinking game centered on the barely drinkable malt beverage Smirnoff Ice, might seem like the Holy Grail of Internet marketing. After all, the trend did jump from frat houses to websites and blogs, where it went viral  infecting hordes of frat boys and frat-boy wannabes, a.k.a. "bros," causing them to run out and buy the drink. Even the bro-ish czar of social media, Mark Zuckerberg, was recently videotaped icing a co-worker.
So why isn't Diageo, Smirnoff's parent company, smiling?
For starters, the game isn't exactly a celebration of Ice. It's a way bros can humiliate fellow bros. There are only two rules in icing: When presented with a Smirnoff Ice  the girly treacle comes in nine flavors, including watermelon and something called "Black Ice"  a participant must get down on one knee and chug its contents, which are 4.5% alcohol by volume. But if players are wily, they can invoke Rule No. 2 and "ice-block" their assailant by brandishing their own bottle of Ice (hidden, perhaps, in a shoulder holster) and thus force the attacker to drink both. (See how binge drinking became the new college sport.)
In recent months, bros have reportedly been icing bros everywhere, from weddings to bar mitzvahs to, according to a commenter on the Baltimore Sun's website, a funeral procession. You can see the sadistic glee on the faces of successful icers on sites like BrosIcingBros, which launched in April and focused on creative and entertaining (read: inappropriate) icing gambits. But the fun ended on June 16 when the site was wiped blank, leaving only the phrase: "We had a good run, bros ..." (Read a NewsFeed post on the icing craze.)
Why pull the plug? It's probably not a coincidence that the site shut down the same day Diageo issued the following statement: "The 'icing' phenomenon is counter to Diageo's values, and violates our industry-leading marketing code, of which we are very proud," said the company, which some conspiracy theorists speculated had started the icing trend as a viral-marketing campaign. "Diageo has taken measures to stop this misuse of its Smirnoff Ice brand and marks, and to make it clear that 'icing' does not comply with our marketing code, and was not created or promoted by Diageo, Smirnoff Ice, or anyone associated with Diageo."
But the demise of BrosIcingBros doesn't mean bro culture is coming to an end. The site was merely one in a vast constellation of dude-oriented sites that get millions of page views each month.
What is a bro exactly? UrbanDictionary defines the species as "obnoxious partying males who are often seen at college parties. They usually just stand around holding a red plastic cup waiting for something exciting to happen so they can scream something that demonstrates how much they enjoy partying." Frat boys, in other words.
To help social anthropologists get a better handle on bros, Bros Like This Site serves as a compendium of 122 things bros like. Among the G-rated items: "talking about how wasted they got," "younger chicks," "nipples" and, not surprisingly, "kegs."
The bro is nothing new, of course  just a term to describe raunchy young men. Bros, by any other name, have been around for decades. They predate Animal House and continue to show up in pop culture in MTV series like Jackass and Bromance and in movies like I Love You, Man and The Hangover. The probable etymology of bro: inner-city guys called each other "brother," which was appropriated by Hawaiian dudes as "brah." Some frat boy picked it up in the islands and brought it home as "bro." The term really took off, however, in 2007 when a University of Florida student begged a stun-gun-wielding campus cop, "Don't tase me, bro."
But blame the Internet for turning the bro into a visible and desirable market. Bros tend to be upper-middle class and have disposable income. Consider Tucker Max, whose brotesque antics were popularized on their blog in 2002 and then turned into the first Net-spawned best-selling book, I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell.
Max argues that the Web provided a speakerphone for the dreams and aspirations of young upper-middle-class men, the kind of dreams and aspirations that  back in the olden days  were considered unsavory by the people who run publishing companies, TV networks and movie studios. "Like I'm the first guy to ever sleep with a midget or get drunk and hook up with a fat girl? No, I didn't invent any of this [expletive]," Max says. "Those things have always been there, but they were underrepresented in art because the gatekeepers didn't understand it or they didn't like it."
The popularity of Max's blog  though they never used the word bro  encouraged the growth of copycat sites that celebrated the same kind of beer-guzzling bad-boy behavior. BroBible (the biggest bro site, with about 900,000 monthly users), Bros Like This Site, Brosome, BroDictionary and StatusBro all cater to the upwardly mobile, career-ambitious bro community. It's a community of "tens of millions," estimates BroBible founder Doug Banker.
It's a petri dishlike environment just waiting to spread new germs  exactly the kind of environment, in other words, that marketers crave. "We're constantly getting e-mails for websites and products," says Banker. "It's a great vehicle to unveil new products and new trends." (See other ways that companies market products.)
Ever since Facebook first showed its face seven years ago, marketers have been struggling to crack the code and tap into the exponential growth metrics of social networking. On June 14, the Nielsen Company combined forces with consulting giant McKinsey & Co. and launched a start-up that helps big companies understand how "social media has the potential to transform their business." In the meantime, every big company in the world has grown its own fan page, though it's unclear whether those "fans" can be mobilized to actually buy anything.
"The reason that icing has such viral legs is because it's social to its core," says Sandy Smallens, who oversees marketing and brand sales at social marketing company Oddcast. "You can't ice yourself; you have to ice your friend."
But so far, the results of bro-branding (bronding?) initiatives have been mixed at best. And now, with the icing monster on the loose, it will be interesting to see whether big business reappraises this whole viral thing. "Marketers have lost control to a certain degree," admits Smallens.
Smallens says that regardless of whether the icing fad peters out, companies need to figure out how to get in front of social-network-fueled consumers. But it won't be easy to harness the power of the bro. "The reason memes become memes," they say, "is because no one sees them coming."
See TIME's Pictures of the Week.
In 2014, security guru Bruce Schneier said, “Surveillance is the business model of the Internet. We build systems that spy on people in exchange for services. Corporations call it marketing.” The abstract and novel nature of these services tends to obscure our true relationship to companies like Facebook or Google. As the old saying goes, if you don't pay for a product, you are the product.
But what happens when the Internet stops being just “that fiddly thing with a mouse” and becomes “the real world”? Surveillance becomes the business model of everything, as more and more companies look to turn the world into a collection of data points.
If we truly understood the bargain we were making when we give up our data for free or discounted services, would we still sign on the dotted line (or agree to the Terms and Conditions)? Would we still accept constant monitoring of our driving habits in exchange for potential insurance breaks, or allow our energy consumption to be uploaded into the cloud in exchange for “smart data” about it?
Nowhere is our ignorance of the trade-offs greater, or the consequences more worrisome, than our madcap rush to connect every toaster, fridge, car, and medical device to the Internet.
Welcome to the Internet of Things, what Schneier calls “the World Size Web,” already growing around you as we speak, which creates such a complete picture of our lives that Dr. Richard Tynan of Privacy International calls them “doppelgängers”—mirror images of ourselves built on constantly updated data. These doppelgängers live in the cloud, where they can easily be interrogated by intelligence agencies. Nicholas Weaver, a security researcher at University of California, Berkeley, points out that “Under the FISA Amendments Act 702 (aka PRISM), the NSA can directly ask Google for any data collected on a valid foreign intelligence target through Google's Nest service, including a Nest Cam.” And that's just one, legal way of questioning your digital doppelgänger; we've all heard enough stories about hacked cloud storage to be wary of trusting our entire lives to it.
“The surveillance, the interference, the manipulation … the full life cycle is the ultimate nightmare.”
But with the IoT, the potential goes beyond simple espionage, into outright sabotage. Imagine an enemy that can remotely disable the brakes in your car, or (even more subtly) give you food poisoning by hacking your fridge. That's a new kind of power. “The surveillance, the interference, the manipulation … the full life cycle is the ultimate nightmare,” says Tynan.
The professional spies agree that the IoT changes the game. “‘Transformational' is an overused word, but I do believe it properly applies to these technologies,” then CIA Director David Petraeus told a 2012 summit organized by the agency's venture capital firm, In-Q-Tel, “particularly to their effect on clandestine tradecraft,” according to Wired.
Clandestine tradecraft is not about watching, but about interfering. Take, for example, the Joint Threat Research Intelligence Group (JTRIG), the dirty tricks division of GCHQ, the British intelligence agency. As the Snowden documents reveal, JTRIG wants to create “Cyber Magicians” who can “make something happen in the real…world,” including ruining business deals, intimidating activists, and sexual entrapment (“honeypots”). The documents show that JTRIG operatives will ignore international law to achieve their goals, which are not about fighting terrorism, but, in fact, targeting individuals who have not been charged with or convicted of any crime.
The Internet of Things “is a JTRIG wet dream,” says security researcher Rob Graham. But you don't have to be a spy to take advantage of the IoT. Thanks to widespread security vulnerabilities in most IoT devices, almost anyone can take advantage of it. That means cops, spies, gangsters, anyone with the motivation and resources—but probably bored teenagers as well. “I can take any competent computer person and take them from zero to Junior Hacker 101 in a weekend,” says security researcher Dan Tentler. The security of most IoT devices—including home IoT, but also smart cities, power plants, gas pipelines, self-driving cars, and medical devices—is laughably bad. “The barrier to entry is not very tall,” they say, “especially when what's being released to consumers is so trivial to get into.”
That makes the IoT vulnerable—our society vulnerable—to any criminal with a weekend to spend learning how to hack. “When we talk about vulnerabilities in computers…people are using a lot of rhetoric in the abstract,” says Privacy International's Tynan. “What we really mean is, vulnerable to somebody. That somebody you're vulnerable to is the real question.”
“They're the ones with the power over you,” they added. That means intelligence agencies, sure, but really anyone with the time and motivation to learn how to hack. And, as Joshua Corman of I Am the Cavalry, a concerned group of security researchers, once put it, “There are as many motivations to hacking as there are motivations in the human condition. Hacking is a form of power.”
“The notion that there are legal checks and balances in place is a fiction.”
The authorities want that power; entities like JTRIG, the NSA, the FBI and the DOJ want to be able to not just surveil but also to disrupt, to sabotage, to interfere. Right now the Bureau wants to force Apple to create the ability to deliver backdoored software updates to iPhones, allowing law enforcement access to locally stored, encrypted data. Chris Soghoian, a technologist at the ACLU, tweeted, “If DOJ get what they want in this Apple case, imagine the surveillance assistance they'll be able to force from Internet of Things companies.”
“The notion that there are legal checks and balances in place is a fiction,” Tynan says. “We need to rely more on technology to increase the hurdles required. For the likes of JTRIG to take the massive resources of the U.K. state and focus them on destroying certain individuals, potentially under flimsy pretenses—I just can't understand the mentality of these people.”
Defending ourselves in this new, insecure world is difficult, perhaps impossible. “If you go on the Internet, it's a free-for-all,” Tentler says. “Despite the fact that we have these three-letter agencies, they're not here to help us; they're not our friends. When the NSA and GCHQ learn from the bad guys and use those techniques on us, we should be worried.”
If the Internet is a free-for-all, and with the Internet of Things we're putting the entire world on the Internet, what does that make us?
“Fish in a barrel?”
J.M. Porup is a freelance cybersecurity reporter who lives in Toronto. When they die their epitaph will simply read “assume breach.” Follow them on Twitter at @toholdaquill.
Illustration via Bruno Moraes
They added, "It is not the practice of the Metro Transit police to inquire about the immigration status of our riders."
As The Washington Post points out, when Minneapolis declared itself a sanctuary city in 2003, a city ordinance prohibited city employees (including police) from inquiring about a person's immigration unless it's directly relevant to a crime under investigation.
"The main priority for our officers is to ensure that our riders and the communities we serve are safe. Our officers do this by enforcing our local and state statutes and have not been trained or empowered to act as Federal Immigration authorities," Harrington's statement concluded.
Though laws may vary from state to state, the American Civil Liberties Union outlines what you should do (and what you have a legal right to do) if you are stopped by police, immigration agents, or the FBI. According to the organization, you have the right to remain silent, and you have the right to refuse to consent to a search of yourself, your car or your home.
The ACLU also notes that, regardless of your immigration or citizenship status, you have constitutional rights.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 25, 2016, 11:43 PM GMT / Updated March 26, 2016, 12:05 AM GMT By Khorri Atkinson
Illinois Sen. Mark Kirk broke against their party and is set to become the first Republican senator to meet with Merrick Garland, President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee, on Tuesday, their office confirmed with MSNBC on Friday.
The announcement comes a week after Kirk took a shot at their Republican colleagues for refusing to hold a Senate hearing and vote on Garland. Obama tapped the 63-year-old chief judge of the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to replace the late Antonin Scalia, who died in Texas last month.
Kirk's office said more details about the meeting will be released on Monday and that the senator wants to know where Garland stands. The meeting was first reported by the Chicago Sun-Times.
Related: GOP Leaders Double Down on Pledge to Block SCOTUS Pick
In an interview with Chicago's WLS-AM last week Friday, Kirk, who faces a tough re-election fight, called on Republicans to "man up and cast a vote" because "the president has already laid out a nominee."
"For me, I'm open to see him, talk to them and ask for their views on the Constitution. Your whole job is to either say yes or no and explain why," they said.
Just hours after Scalia's death, GOP lawmakers and presidential candidates pledged to block any move by Obama to nominate someone to succeed the conservative judge.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and other Republican leaders have repeatedly said the next president should choose the next justice, and they will therefore not hold hearings to consider Garland's nomination. Democrats have rebuked their refusal.
A few GOP lawmakers have said they would at least meet with Garland, including Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, who is also facing a tough re-election bid.
This article first appeared on MSNBC.com
For the last 10 years, the Cass Lake Lions Club has dragged this Ford Escort out onto the lake and taken bets on when it would fall through.
A few days ago while driving down U.S. Highway 2, I spotted a rusty red Ford Escort parked out on the ice of Cass Lake.
It caught my eye because I'd seen it before, last winter. Then, I assumed someone broke down on the lake too late in the season to risk towing it off by truck. But two winters running — something else had to be going on.
I decided to check it out, and Tom Prosser provided some clues.
"It has no engine, or transmission," Prosser said. "There's no battery, no pollutants. There's nothing in the gas tank if the gas tank is still there."
Prosser explained it's out on the ice as part of a Lions Club fundraiser. For the last 10 winters, they and a few other club members have dragged that car out onto the ice, and taken bets on when it will fall through.
And they have to be exact. After all, people are laying money on this.
Tom Prosser came up with the car through ice fundraiser 10 years ago. This Ford Escort is stripped of its engine, transmission, battery and anything that could be toxic. John Enger | MPR News
• More stories from northern Minn.: 107-year-old leaves behind stories of moonshine, priests
"We hashed it over, 'How are we going to tell?' said Prosser. "I made a frame for two battery-powered clocks. When the batteries hit the water they're dead. We pull the clocks out, take a look, and we know what time it went down."
Prosser said these types of fundraisers used to be more common. They got the idea more than 20 years ago when they saw a Volkswagen Beetle parked on a frozen lake in Wisconsin. They can't remember if was a Lion's club thing, or maybe the Elks.
It's far more complicated now. They need special permission from the county and the DNR. And they have to strip the car of anything that might be toxic. They also have to pull the thing out every spring.
People used to just leave the cars down there. But now they hook a cable to the car's frame and drag it back up on shore once the ice melts.
About a mile down the road from where the car is parked, two Lions club members sell tickets at a table set up inside Teal's Grocery store.
It's not always an easy sell. Lani Greenway calls after a middle-aged guy pushing a cart, "We got a car on the ice. You want to buy a chance on when it falls through? It's worth $300!"
Lani Greenway sells tickets in Teal's Grocery store about a mile from where the car is parked. John Enger | MPR News
The guy pretends they don't hear. So does another guy who comes in after him. A woman reports they don't have any cash.
"You gotta ask everybody that comes in," said Greenway. "If I can get them to the table I can get them."
It's actually a pretty successful fundraiser for the Lions. They've raised a few thousand dollars this year. Half pays for free eye exams for kids at the local middle school. The other half is paid out in prizes to the four people who get closest to the day, hour, and minute when the thawing ice gives way.
And even I eventually cave in to the pitch. I shell out $3 for three tickets.
That was early in the day on Wednesday.
Prosser told me there was still more than a foot of ice under the Escort. They showed me their tickets. Their guesses were all in mid-April, mostly late at night or early in the morning when there's a strong wind.
I guessed about the same.
"The thing you got to realize is, you're going against Mother Nature," said Greenway, after I ask about my odds. "If they don't like you, it's not going to work."
Turns out, they didn't like me much. The Escort fell through the ice late Wednesday. I was off by more than two weeks.
Last month, a 26-year-old Internet activist named Aaron Swartz killed himself. They had worked on many widely used online tools that, among other things, enable Web sites to syndicate their content. They had also been politically active, helping to drive the campaign that blocked the Stop Online Piracy Act. At the time of their death, they were under threat of prosecution — and decades in jail — for downloading millions of academic journal articles via the MIT network in hopes of making them freely available. In a statement, their family said they thought that their death was “the product of a criminal justice system rife with intimidation and prosecutorial overreach.”
Although no one would have wished it, Swartz's death will shadow the release of Cory Doctorow's new young adult novel, “Homeland.” As Doctorow made clear in their eloquent obituary, they drew on advice from Swartz in setting out how their protagonist could use the information now available about voters to create a grass-roots anti-establishment political campaign. More generally, the story embodies a particular outlook on the world — tech-savvy, suspicious of state and corporate power — that reflects what Swartz had articulated.
“Homeland” is a sequel to Doctorow's 2008 novel “Little Brother,” about a teenage hacker named Marcus Yallow who gets caught up in the aftermath of a 9/11-scale terrorist attack in San Francisco. Because of their skill and inclination for gaming the systems around him, Marcus falls under suspicion and is arrested. He's held in custody and waterboarded but then released. The novel ends with them in the arms of their new girlfriend, Ange.
“Homeland” picks up a few years later. Marcus and Ange are at the Burning Man festival when he's given two things: a job offer to work as webmaster for a reform-minded politician and a USB drive containing an array of data that could embarrass government and corporate interests. What should Marcus do with the data? And how can they balance their respectable new job with the illicit — if not illegal — world they come from?
While “Little Brother” is narrowly focused on terrorism and the responses to it, “Homeland” deals with problems less amenable to clear solutions. The question of whether Marcus should release the leaked data is a genuine moral dilemma. The book's central concern is what civil society should look like in a world where more and more information about citizens is available to the state.
”Homeland” by Cory Doctorow. (Tor)
When Marcus and their friends get on the subway in San Francisco, “the oppressive feeling of being watched crowded in from all sides.” This sensation pervades the novel: Marcus is aware of how many of their actions — and, by extension, how many of the reader's — could be under observation. The authority figures who seem corrupt in the first book turn out to be even more so in the second.
“Homeland” is, unashamedly, a work of advocacy. Doctorow turns their text into a kind of instruction manual, with details about how to do everything from securely storing data on virtual machines to sharing enormous files. There's no denying the skill and fun of the ride; it's like being buttonholed by a smart, self-aware autodidact.
The poignancy of “Homeland” emerges only at the end: If this is a war, it's one with real casualties. One of the book's two afterwords is by Swartz. Referring to what these characters create, they emphasize, “This stuff is real.” These tools can be used by anyone motivated and talented enough: “But it only works if you take part. . . . Now it's up to you to change the system. . . . Let me know if I can help.”
Sleight lives in London and is managing editor of the Encyclopedia of Science Fiction.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The evidence that Ubisoft is working on a sequel to 2014 open-world action game Watch Dogs continues to mount. The first game sold more than 9 million copies, while its creative director has spoken previously about what they would like to do with the franchise next. However, Watch Dogs 2 remains officially unannounced. But now it appears even more likely that such a project is in development.
As spotted by Videogamer, a Ubisoft senior gameplay programmer has listed Watch Dogs 2 on their LinkedIn profile. This person also worked on the original Watch Dogs and its expansion, Bad Blood.
However, this resume--which has since been scrubbed clean of any mention of Watch Dogs 2--doesn't provide any additional information about the game, like when it might be released or on which platforms.
Ubisoft declined to comment.
If Watch Dogs 2 is indeed in development, one venue where Ubisoft might announce it is E3. The publisher has not announced its plans for this year's show yet, but it typically holds its press conference on the Tuesday of E3 week, which would be June 16. GameSpot will be reporting live from Los Angeles all week.
The hottest headline revolving the St. Louis Blues in the early 2014-2015 season is Vladimir Tarasenko‘s emergence into hockey superstardom, partly due to their one-handed highlight reel goal they scored against the New York Rangers on Monday. Tarasenko's tremendous tally has been repeatedly showcased all over the NHL Network, TSN, and even ESPN (despite having the NHL at the bottom of the four major professional sports in terms of coverage). At 22 years old, the Yaraslavl, Russia native leads the Blues in overall points (14) as well as goals (8) while major free agent signing Paul Stastny remains sidelined.
While some point to the root of Tarasenko's success at their explosive, quick release or their swift skating ability, there is a sizable factor that is also attributing to their rapid point production this season, and their name is Jori Lehtera. After signing a two-year, $5.5 million deal on July 1st, Lehtera finally decided to make the jump to the NHL at the ripe age of 26. In fact, they actually paid 66% of their KHL contract with Novosibirsk Sibir in order to make a childhood dream become reality. A month into their first professional season paired alongside Tarasenko and they have racked in 8 points in 11 games, with a face-off percentage above 58%.
However, this isn't the only time the two have been coupled on a line together. During the 2011-2012 season, Tarasenko and Lehtera suited up for Novosibirsk, combining for 64 points in as many games. Blues fans have already dubbed the duo “Lehterasenko,” a term that has been included in dozens of tweets, also spawning a parody Twitter account depicting the forwards.
In St. Louis, Lehtera and Tarasenko are in sync with one another comparative to Tyler Seguin and Jamie Benn of the Dallas Stars, even though North American ice is new to the Finnish center. Their vision expands beyond their peripherals as they are able to feed cross-ice passes as well as dropping the puck between their legs with precision. These star-studded efforts often leave fellow linemate Alexander Steen out of the limelight, who was the leading goal scorer for the Blues last season. Despite this, the three makeup a talented Blues line filled with the combination of tenacity and persistence, even though Steen is surrounded by a new change of scenery in the process.
They usually skate with T.J. Oshie and David Backes, but with Oshie currently concussed, head coach Ken Hitchcock decided to move Backes to a “second” grouping consisting of Jaden Schwartz and Joakim Lindstrom. Nevertheless, Steen has registered 7 points in 12 games this year, rounding out the amount of points the revamped top line has totaled at 29. Their fast start last year, which saw them battling Alex Ovechkin for the league's goal-scoring title for two months, gathered attention from around the NHL similar to what their linemates are receiving currently. But why are “Lehterasenko” so lethal the minute they step foot on the ice?
Here are 4 reasons why:
1. They compliment each other's skill set
Like any successful hockey pair before them, Lehtera and Tarasenko feed off each other's attributes. When Hitchcock calls their respective numbers to hop over the boards, their instinct is to get the puck on their sticks as quickly as humanely possible and transition up ice. They're both strong on the puck along the boards, which allows for easy outlet passes to either their teammates or themselves. In terms of their particular strengths within their game, Jori's passing ability is exceptional to the point where he'll even catch fellow Blues off guard at times. They possess the unique ability to saucer pucks with painstaking accuracy while Tarasenko is on the other end receiving the pass to apply their blistering shot to good use, which has caught a plethora of netminders off guard as of late. But have no fear, “Vladi” can dish it right back if defenses key on him, making this two-headed monster even more unpredictable.
2. Chemistry is unparalleled
On practically every lineup in the National Hockey League, there is at least one line that carries an abundance of skill and offensive prowess, even on the worst of teams. The key to making that grouping successful night in and night out is if the participants read off each other consistently, and that is certainly the case for both Tarasenko and Lehtera. Once they head into the offensive zone, all bets are off on what will happen next. They'll criss-cross around defenders, sneak in around the crease, and magically find the puck in scenarios where you'll scratch your head as to how that play came about. It seems as if the two had been playing together for ten years, which makes them deadly every shift they take. Simply put, Lehtera and Tarasenko appreciate each other's talent and acknowledge it without hesitating, something that Jori explained to NHL.com a couple of days ago:
“I know he's a great player, that's why I want to pass them the puck every time I get it.” Lehtera said. “He can pass, shoot, challenge 1-on-1's at the same time. You don't know what he's going to do. The defenseman doesn't know.”
3. An extreme work ethic
Hours before game time in an barren Scottrade Center, you can see Lehtera and Tarasenko out on the fresh ice in flip-flops on their feet with sticks in their hands. What they are doing may seem a little Jaromir Jagr-esque in terms of a routine, but it surely is leading to their production once the puck drops for real. They'll test the boards, recognize patches of ice that could cause absurd bounces late in the game, and just have fun with what they do for a living.
On off days, expect to see Tarasenko working to improve on the negatives of their previous outing, even if they notched a hat trick the night before. Lehtera again replicates this unorthodox behavior, noting that it will only heighten the positives of their playing style. The duo is never satisfied after a victory, but remain determined to duplicate a strong, 60-minute effort for every game they suit up for. Tarasenko explained their philosophy of not keeping one solid performance in their head for very long:
“It's not enough to play one good game and play five bad ones after it,” Tarasenko said. “It's really tough sometimes to stay focused. When you can do this, you can play a lot of really good games. You can relax after three goals. I need to (keep) working.
4. Devotion to the game is limitless
At the end of the day, these are two hockey players living the dream of playing in the National Hockey League. They understand the various bumps and bruises that come along the way, especially Tarasenko, who has suffered a concussion and a broken hand already in their short tenure with St. Louis. Lehtera, who had the opportunity to come over to the United States in the summer of 2013, passed on the NHL to extend their contract with Novosibirsk. They admitted their mistake to GM Doug Armstrong, who told them to “come next year.” Well, he's here, and isn't wasting any time making an impact alongside their good friend, Vladimir. The Fin paid a significant amount of money out of their own pocket to fly overseas to play hockey in a foreign league, so if that's not devotion, I don't know what is.
The sky is the limit for Vladimir Tarasenko and Jori Lehtera this season if the keep up this high-octane pace mixed in with the enormous skill level they both possess. Although, this could be a mere spark that can be halted once defenses begin to decipher their various movements as the season progress. Now that the spotlight has shined bright on Tarasenko, that could be definitely be the case, like with any young talent. But you can't forget Lehtera up the middle, who has the capability to light the lamp if they find open ice.
Let's face it, when #12 and #91 are on the ice for St. Louis, don't blink.
Thanks for reading! Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @CMS_74_. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
For the latest in sports injury news, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Egypt's state television says the Cabinet has submitted its resignation to the ruling military council but will stay on to run the nation's day-to-day affairs until a decision is made.
The resignation of the Cabinet on Monday came amid widening protests against the ruling military. Protesters are demanding that the military quickly announce a date for the handover of power to a civilian government. At least 24 protesters have been killed in the past three days.
Security forces fired tear gas and clashed Monday with several thousand protesters in Cairo's Tahrir Square in the third straight day of violence that has turned into the most sustained challenge yet to the rule of Egypt's military.
After months of growing tensions between the two sides, revolutionary activists threw down the gauntlet, vowing they would not leave the iconic downtown roundabout until the ruling generals leave power — or at least set a clear date for doing so.
Repeated attempts by security forces and military police over the weekend have failed to eject them from the square, and the rising death toll has only brought out more and angrier protesters.
But the bid to launch what some tout as a "second revolution" is snarled by politics, with Egypt coming up on key parliament elections only a week away. The loose coalition of groups that led the 18-day uprising that ousted Hosni Mubarak in February is fragmented. In particular, the Muslim Brotherhood, which gave the first revolution powerful muscle, so far refuses to take to the streets again, fearing the turmoil will derail elections it expects to dominate.
And those in the square have yet to find cohesion on a picture for what's next. Some want the military out immediately. Others would be happy with a set date in the near future for them to quit power. Many want the military to transfer power to a national unity government.
"We want the council to leave immediately so we can continue our revolution, which the military sold out," said Mohammed Ali, a shoemaker among the protesters, referring to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces. "A civilian Cabinet from the square is what we want."
Throughout the day, young activists skirmished with black-clad police, hurling stones and firebombs and throwing back the tear gas canisters being fired by police into the square, which was the epicenter of the anti-Mubarak protest movement. Sounds of gunfire crackled around the square, and a constant stream of injured protesters — bloodied from rubber bullets or overcome by gas — were brought into makeshift clinics set out on sidewalks, where volunteer doctors scrambled from patient to patient.
An Egyptian morgue official said the toll had climbed to 24 dead since the violence began Saturday — a jump from the toll of five dead around nightfall Sunday, reflecting the ferocity of fighting through the night. The official spoke on condition of because they were not authorized to release the numbers. Hundreds have been injured, according to doctors in the square.
The eruption of violence, which began Saturday, reflects the frustration and confusion that has mired Egypt's revolution since Mubarak fell and the military stepped in to take power. Protesters also marched Monday other cities, including thousands of students in the coastal city of Alexandria.
Activists and many in the public accuse the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces of seeking to hold on to power, and they fear that no matter who wins the election the military will dominate the next government just as they have the current, interim one they appointed months ago. Many Egyptians are also frustrated by the failure of the military or the caretaker government to conduct any real reforms, quiet widespread insecurity or salvage a rapidly worsening economy.
The military says it will hand over power only after presidential elections, which it has vaguely said will be held in late 2012 or early 2013. The protesters are demanding an immediate move to civilian rule. On Monday, a group of 133 diplomats from Egypt's Foreign Ministry took the rare step of issuing a petition demanding the military commit to hold presidential elections and transfer power by 2012.
"What does it mean, transfer power in 2013? It means simply that they want to hold on to their seat," said a young protester, Mohammed Sayyed, referring to the head of the Supreme Council, Field Marshall Hussein Tantawi.
Sayyed held two rocks, ready to throw, as they took cover from tear gas in a side street off Tahrir. Their head was bandaged from what they said was a rubber bullet that hit them earlier Monday.
"I will keep coming back until they kill me," they said. "The people are frustrated. Nothing changed for the better."
During an overnight assault, police hit one of the field clinics with heavy barrages of tear gas, forcing the staff to flee, struggling to carry out the wounded. Some were moved to a nearby sidewalk outside a Hardees fast food restaurant. A video posted on social networking sites showed a soldier dragging the motionless body of a protester along the street and leaving them in a garbage-strewn section of Tahrir.
The military on Sunday night issued a statement saying it did not intend to "extend the transitional period" and vowed not to let anyone hinder the "democratic transition." The government has said elections will be held on schedule, starting on Nov. 28 and extending over numerous phases for several months.
Amnesty International condemned the violence.
"While the Egyptian authorities have a duty to maintain law and order, they must not use excessive force to crack down on peaceful protests, something that poses a severe threat to Egyptians' rights to assembly and freedom of expression," the London-based group said in a statement.
So far, the powerful Muslim Brotherhood has declined to join the Tahrir protests, though some individual members are participating. Their reluctance is believed to be because of worries the demands for the military's exit will lead to a postponement of parliament elections, in which the group is expected to make a powerful showing. Some of the secular protesters in Tahrir are worried the vote will give too much power to the fundamentalist group.
Monday afternoon, a prominent Brotherhood figure, Mohammed el-Beltagy, visited the square and was met by heckling and volleys of thrown water bottles from protesters angry at the group's refusal to join.
As the violence raged, the military council issued a long-awaited anti-graft law that bans anyone convicted of corruption from running for office or holding a government post.
The timing of the move suggested it was an attempt to placate protesters. But the law falls far short of demands by many that all members of Mubarak's former ruling party be banned from politics.
The interim government also said Monday it was seeking to replace culture minister Emad Abu Ghazi, who submitted their resignation Sunday to protest the Cabinet's response to Tahrir clashes, MENA reported.
The protesters' suspicions about the military were fed by a proposal issued by the military-appointed Cabinet last week that would shield the armed forces from any civilian oversight and give the generals veto power over legislation dealing with military affairs. It would also give them considerable power over the body that is to be created after the election to draft a new constitution. Activists already accuse the military of ruling with the same autocratic style of Mubarak.
Furthermore, there is widespread discontent with a military-backed government that has been unable — or unwilling — to act as woes have mounted in Egypt.
Over recent months, security around the country has fallen apart, with increased crime, sectarian violence and tribal disputes. The economy has badly deteriorated. Because of the weekend violence, Egypt's main stock index fell for a second straight day Monday, and airport officials reported a sharp drop Monday in international passenger arrivals — a further blow to the country's crucial tourism industry, which is one of the top foreign currency earners.
One of the most prominent democracy proponents in the country, Nobel Peace laureate Mohamed ElBaradei, called on the civilian government to resign and for a national unity government to be formed "grouping all the factions so it can begin to solve the problems of Egyptians."
"Power is now in the hands of the military council, which is not qualified to run the country, and the government, which has no authority," they said on a TV political talk show late Sunday. For the next six months, "we want to see the powers of the military council given completely to a civilian, national unity government, and the military goes back to just defending the borders."
The Search is on at TBS.
TBS has ordered the first season of Search Party, a dark comedy about a quartet of twentysomethings who join forces to find a former college acquaintance who has disappeared. The cast includes Arrested Development star Alia Shawkat, John Early (Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp), John Reynolds, and Meredith Hagner (Men at Work).
The show, which will hit the air next year, is created by Wet Hot American Summer overlord Michael Showalter, Sarah-Violet Bliss, and Charles Rogers, with Bliss and Rogers (who were writers on WHAS: First Day of Camp) penning and directing the pilot.
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, and music.
The Search Party story begins with Dory (Shawkat), a “fragile, frustrated, life-long doormat who's not particuarly proud of their impact on the world” becoming obsessed with the disappearance of a college classmate they didn't know very well. They wind up enlisting their unobservant boyfriend Drew (Reynolds), narcissist buddy Elliot (Early) and self-consumed actor friend Portia (Hagner) in a mission to find the missing woman.
TBS ordered the self-funded pilot from Jax Media (Inside Amy Schumer, Broad City) earlier this year. You can check out a trailer for Search Party below.
Shawkat's recent TV credits include Broad City, Drunk History, and Getting On.
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. - At Poppies Restaurant in Delray Beach Jewish retirees expounded over coffee cake on their presidential preferences, rapidly shaking up at least two myths floating in the back of my thoughts. Myth 1: Israel is the fundamental litmus test. Myth 2: Obama's race and name are a problem. While periodically I encountered people who confirmed such myths in the near hundred conversations I had with elderly Jewish voters in South Florida two weeks before the election, on the whole I discovered an army of fairly liberal Democrats enthusiastic in their support for Obama, a good sign for the candidate at a time when current polls indicate they have anywhere from a 5 percent lead to a 1 percent deficit in this critical swing state.
Many of these older voters have longstanding, unshakable roots in the Democratic Party, people like Flora Lapinsky who announced they were "Democrat across the board," slicing their hand decisively through the air with a conviction suggesting they haven't wavered ideologically since Roosevelt's first fireside chats.
A small counterbalancing cadre of McCain supporters and a sprinkling of undecideds added up to numbers much in line with Jewish voting behavior in the 2004 and 2000 elections. 2004 exit polls show 20 percent of Florida Jews voted for George Bush (25 percent nationally). While in 2000, 12 percent of Florida Jews supported Bush (19 percent nationally).
Among Jewish voters, who constitute about 5 percent of the Florida electorate, the only recent national poll was conducted in late September by the non-partisan American Jewish Committee, showing only 57 percent support for Obama. Democrats have expressed concern that older Jews may hesitate to support a candidate whose youth, ethnicity, and personal background might seem alien, a concern comedian Sarah Silverman humorously addressed in their recent promotional video for The Great Schlep, a campaign that encouraged young Jews to visit their grandparents in Florida and urge a vote for Obama. But, while elders often did express anxieties about Obama's character and background, they focused primarily on the same broad array of concerns as the rest of the electorate: the state of the economy, the Iraq War, improving America's international standing, health care, and abortion.
At the same time, many of these older Jewish voters, who rely largely on television news, are susceptible to misinformation and mythologies that leave them conflicted, and in some cases, deeply fearful about Obama.
Haile Soifer, Florida Director of the Jewish Vote for the Obama campaign, said the campaign's greatest challenge has been "the erroneous links that have been made between Senator Obama and pals who are not their pals."
While several people brought up ACORN, Bill Ayers, and donations from undisclosed overseas sources, the candidate's association that provokes the greatest concern remains Jeremiah Wright. For some Jews, Wright's toxicity goes beyond a supposed anti-Americanism to an alleged association between the candidate's former pastor and other seemingly fire-breathing black preachers, particularly Louis Farrakhan.
Daniel Rosenfeld of Delray Beach insisted inaccurately that Farrakhan was a frequent speaker at Wright's Trinity Church of Christ in Chicago. Seymour Biale, speaking poolside at the Century Village retirement complex in Deerfield Beach, told me the church "made Farrakhan Man of the Year." (a church publication honored Farrakhan last year). But in the syllogistic emotional logic of these voters, Obama equates to Reverend Wright, who equates to Farrakhan, who equates to black Muslim anti-Semitism and hatred of Israel.
Many older Jews continue to believe that Obama is Muslim, further conflating their racial and religious confusion. Biale explained that while they believe Obama is not actively Muslim, they see the candidate as likely sympathetic to Islam, claiming that Obama's father and stepfather were Muslim and that they attended a Muslim school in Indonesia (the only religious school Obama actually attended in Indonesia was Catholic). Biale, however, reflects on Obama's personal history calmly, does not demonize him, and plans to vote for him. Biale has been swayed largely by their trust in Joe Biden's commitment to Israel and a distaste for Sarah Palin.
Another voter at the Deerfield Beach Century Village I was surprised to find supporting Obama was Bob Goldman, who initially identified themselves as undecided and compared Jeremiah Wright to Hitler. Yet after building trust with me in a conversation at the clubhouse, Goldman revealed they were strongly leaning Obama because they respect the man's intelligence and recent judgment in volatile economic times. Thoughtful reflection appeared to dissipate the mental fumes around Wright's alleged hate speech.
The essential lesson I received in my conversations at delis, card tables, and clubhouse lobbies across greater Miami is that the sometimes unconscious constellation of anxieties and misassociations these voters have often does not stop them from supporting Obama. Call it the Goldman Effect. The media tend to report the electorate's prejudices and misconceptions about Obama as blunted, opaque simplifications presumably based on wholesale rumor swallowing, and fail to explore the sometimes textured, though distorted, thinking beneath these views. Getting below the surface of mistaken beliefs is valuable because it can reveal counterintuitive voting behavior.
There are, however, people with singleminded fears that render them unable to consider Obama. Two people I spoke with vociferously rejected Obama solely because of race, and nearly everyone claimed to know some fellow retiree who will not vote for a black man. One woman, a lifelong Democrat who voted for Hillary Clinton in Florida's discredited primary, told me it's not Obama themselves that upsets her, but what they fear their presidency will trigger racially.
"I feel if a black gets elected, black people will think they can get power and it will lead to a revolution." In other words, blacks are quietly seething, awaiting payback day.
This kind of fear-driven insularity was most prominent in the small orthodox Jewish community located in Miami Beach. During the several hours I spent circulating in the kosher restaurants along Arthur Godfrey Road, I met Eva Muller sitting with their 10 year old daughter Stella inside Pita Hut. Dressed in traditional orthodox attire, entirely in black including head covering, they said "whatever the Jewish school where my daughter goes, that's the way I vote. I take them into the voting booth with me." They turned to Stella to ask the school's recommendation and Stella replied "McCain's gonna be good for Israel."
The politics of the orthodox community here is a reverse mirror image of the mainstream Jewish community's, supporting McCain overwhelmingly. Some opt to stay out of politics and I found only an occasional Obama outlier. Any Obama supporter is just as likely to focus on protecting the Jewish community, but draws different conclusions. Republican Bobby Zav reasoned that the anti-Americanism they believe might result from what they see as McCain's proclivity towards military action could produce a backlash against Jews and the state of Israel.
The majority of the community's support for McCain is often coupled with a positive view of Sarah Palin, whom many admire for an openly religious self-presentation. Salvador Behar, a Cuban-born Jew who owns a clothing boutique on Arthur Godfrey, questions Palin's experience, but argued "she's going to encourage religion and that makes it easier when I want to walk around Miami Beach wearing a yarmulke."
South Florida's general population of Jewish elders roundly dislikes Palin, perhaps the most consistently shared view I encountered. They were criticized for inexperience, their anti-choice stance, their approach to mothering, and for them selectively embracing a "real" America that most urban Jewish retirees sense does not include them.
Palin has both energized Jewish elders' passions and contributed to some cynicism about politics, a cynicism borne in part from Florida's having been disenfranchised in the primaries and the 2000 electoral debacle when several thousand Jewish voters here in Palm Beach County mistakenly cast votes for Pat Buchanan with the infamous butterfly ballot.
Among all the issues Jewish retirees weigh in their decision, perhaps age is the closest to home. In another lifetime, someone noted, McCain might themselves be living in a retirement center.
"McCain doesn't look like a man about to be president," said Ted Schneider of Century Village. "He looks the way you look at the end of being president."
Outside Poppies, Flora Wiener was crossing the parking lot with a walker when I asked them who they were voting for. They stopped, took off their oversized sunglasses, and told me "I may not be around so long to see what they can do, but I know where to put my vote: that young one."
The university standards watchdog has delivered a strongly-worded criticism of the University of Bedfordshire - after an external examiner's failing of a PhD student was overturned.
The university's head, Les Ebdon, is to be head of the Office for Fair Access.
The Quality Assurance Agency described the university's appeals process as "superficial and uncritical".
The watchdog found that the appeal, which backed the awarding of the PhD, was "not conducted impartially".
In response, the University of Bedfordshire said the QAA had criticised the university's processes and not its academic standards.
"At the time, we did not have a process in place for handling PhD appeals specifically, mainly because they are extremely rare and, in fact, we had never had any such appeals," said a spokesperson.
'Inconsistent'
The university gained a higher profile during the controversy surrounding the appointment of its vice chancellor, Professor Ebdon, to become the director of the OFFA university access regulator.
There was a political battle between ministers and MPs on a select committee over Professor Ebdon's appointment to the post, which they begin in September.
It is relatively unusual for the QAA to deliver such a strong message, naming and shaming an individual institution in this way.
The watchdog was responding to concerns that followed the failing of a PhD student by an external examiner.
An appeal against this fail judgement was upheld by the university - with the new panel of examiners passing the PhD.
This prompted an examiner to raise concerns with the standards watchdog.
The subsequent investigation by the QAA found a list of shortcomings, which it says meant that the "principle of natural justice was applied inconsistently and unevenly".
It also found that the original examiners had not been informed about the appeal.
The QAA says the university now has six weeks to produce an "action plan" in response.
A week of White House intrigue came to a close today when President Donald Trump named John F. Kelly as their new chief of staff, replacing Reince Priebus a day after they resigned from the post. Kelly joins the White House team after serving as the head of the Department of Homeland Security since Trump's inauguration in January. Here are five things you may not know about the new chief of staff.
1. They Hitchhiked Across The Country As A Teenager
Born into an Irish Catholic family in 1950 and raised in the Boston neighborhood of Brighton, Kelly displayed a thirst for adventure from an early age. Their early teenage years were a time of wanderlust, exemplified by a 3,000-mile hitchhiking trip to Seattle and another 3,000-mile trip train hopping back in a boxcar to Chicago. Though he's never made it clear as to their reasoning for the trip, driving across the country themselves was out of the question, as they made the coast-to-coast treks before they turned 16.
2. They Delivered Beer While In The Merchant Marines
Though they made the Marine Corps their home later in life, Kelly served their country for a year in the Merchant Marines. The conflict in Southeast Asia was intensifying at the time, and Kelly aided the war effort in a small, but likely much appreciated way – by delivering 10,000 tons of beer to American forces in Vietnam.
Gen. John Kelly in Ramadi, Iraq in 2008 [Image by Wathiq Khuzaie /Getty Images] Featured image credit: credit
3. They Are A Marine Infantryman In Vietnam
The war in Vietnam reached a fever pitch by 1970, and, as they were assigned a low draft number, the odds of them participating in it were high. Rather than waiting for their number to come up, Kelly joined the Marines in 1970.
“In the America I grew up in, every male was a veteran; my dad, my uncles and all the people on the block,” they said many years later. “So, with that kind of background and the draft, you assumed you were going to go into the service when your time came.”
Kelly served as an infantryman with the 2nd Marine Division and was discharged in 1972 after attaining the rank of sergeant. They returned to the corps three years later as an officer after graduating from Officer Candidates School.
4. Their Son Was Killed In Afghanistan
Kelly is the father of two sons, both of whom followed them into the Marine Corps as officers. They also have the sad distinction of being the highest ranking officer to lose a child in the global war on terror, as their son, Robert, was killed in 2010 when they stepped on a land mine while serving with the 5th Marines in Sangin, Afghanistan. Robert was on their third combat tour at the time, their first after obtaining their commission as an infantry officer.
Gen. John Kelly in 2012 [Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images] Featured image credit: credit
5. They Facilitated The Prisoner Transfer For Bowe Bergdahl
While serving as commander of U.S. Southern Command, Kelly facilitated the exchange of five detainees held at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp for U.S. Army deserter Bowe Bergdahl in 2014. Admitting that the transfer was “unusual,” the exchange was executed in the presence of reporters and families of victims of the September 11 attacks, who were at Guantanamo Bay to watch legal commissions. The exchange later came under fire from Congress, though Kelly told reporters at the time that the decision to make the trade was one of policy and did not involve him.
[Featured Image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images]
I've spent a lot a column-inches over the previous articles discussing asset-issuance, especially in regards to a few specific platforms we have covered. Counterparty, NXT, and Dogeparty, among others, are all interesting methods of issuing assets, and that new ability brought to us by cryptocurrency is one of the most exciting disruptions it has provided. While it's always nice to forge ahead and consider the future, it is also a good idea to step back, slow down, and review in detail what is already occurring. So, in accordance with the theme of some of my other recent articles, let's take a look at what the Bitcoin protocol is already doing to change the world. This will be a brief discussion of a few of the top crypto-assets, as catalogued on CoinMarketCap.com. I expect to revisit this topic in the future to discuss more of them, but for now, a few.
To start with, an asset issued on a platform I haven't discussed, Mastercoin. The asset is MaidSafeCoin, and it is the largest asset issued by market cap – by a significant margin, coming in at almost 24,000 BTC, 4 times the next largest asset. What is MaidSafeCoin? It's the asset issued for use with the Safe network, a development project aimed at building a decentralized and open internet. Instead of websites being hosted by single servers placed somewhere or by rented centralized server farms, MaidSafeCoin and the Safe network allow for hosting and provision of content through a decentralized rental of computer processing services. Essentially, any one who would like to participate can offer up whatever spare resources they have – they are then paid out automatically for them through MaidSafeCoin. MaidSafeCoin's value is tied to the demand to use the Safe network, and in theory, as its value grows, the supply of resources available on the Safe network will also grow. It's a self-supporting ecosystem of a very simple and clever variety, that hopes to create a censorship-free web – free not just of censorship akin to China's great firewall, but also of censorship like that that claimed the servers of many different illicit or revolutionary activities. With the Safe network, hosting is decentralized, so there is no physical server location for anyone to gain access to and shut down. It's a very impressive development, and it's clear why MaidSafeCoin is the top asset at current.
My one criticism: It's issued on the Mastercoin network, which is abbreviated MSC. MaidSafeCoin should also be acronym'ed MSC. Yeah. It's a small criticism, I agree.
What else is out there in the wide world of crypto-assets, though? A lot of scams. But also some bright – perhaps blindingly so – ideas. SuperNET is one of those.
jl777 is an oddity for the cryptocurrency community. They have their haters, just like everyone else does, but most people view them as an honest individual. Comparing anyone to Mircea Popescu is the sort of statement that could be taken the wrong way – as MPOE has one of the most polarized reputations I've ever seen – but I have an immense respect for MPOE, much the same as I do for jl777. As always, though, take what you read with a grain of salt.
jl777 is the architect of the SuperNET project, one of the most ambitious projects to date – and one that most people with foresight could see coming. The network effect is the most powerful driving force behind the adoption of new technology. Bitcoin has a huge headstart on network; Litecoin (now teamed up with Dogecoin) trailing somewhere far behind it. SuperNET is just the logical next step to the Litecoin/Dogecoin pseudo-merge. Allow coins to band together while still remaining heterogenous. By doing so, everyone benefits – each added coin network is a benefit to all participants in the SuperNET, thanks to the network effect. There are no detrimental effects, thanks to the maintained heterogeneity. This project has very real and impressive possibilities, and I can't spare the words to describe fully everything it could mean once realized, so please consider looking into it in more detail yourself. Here's a link to get you started.
Third, an easier to describe asset, this time issued on the BitSharesX (BTSX) platform. Not actually really only one asset, but we're discussing BitUSD to start off. BitUSD is one of what could be considered a small family of BitSharesX assets – BitUSD, BitCNY, and BitBTC, with others likely to come.
BitUSD is an asset which makes up a decentralized autonomous corporation, the only purpose of which is to allow people to go short or long on the price of BitSharesX vs. USD. That might not seem impressive, but it's actually INCREDIBLY influential. It's a methodology for allowing the market to fix the price of an asset to the relationship of two other assets. It's decentralization of discovering exchange rates, in other words. I'd recommend this 10-minute video for anyone who wants a rundown of what this means and the basics of how it works.
What's the use of this? With some clever work on behalf of programmers and so on, this is a method for “owning” US dollars without actually owning them. BitUSD is essentially an asset that will nearly-perfectly track the value of USD – as such, assuming a sufficiently liquid market that was capable of programmatically responding quickly enough in order to meet demand to buy or sell USD using BitUSD, BitUSD is a cryptocurrency with the stability of the dollar.
It allows for the printing of digital dollars. Let me repeat that.
By itself, this system, given enough use, testing, and development around it, could LITERALLY be used as a cryptocurrency replacement dollar. No risk to any participants. Everything decentralized. The assets are on a blockchain. BitUSD itself is a decentralized autonomous corporation. The pricing of BitUSD/USD and BitSharesX/USD is managed by the market – a decentralized authority. Everything is decentralized and trustless, and it's faster, more secure, and lower hassle than the actual dollar is.
And with that, thanks, as always, for reading.
New family violence restraining order set to be introduced by WA Government
Updated
A new type of restraining order to better protect family violence victims is being introduced by the Western Australian Government.
Attorney-General Michael Mischin said the Family Violence Restraining Order (FVRO) was designed to reduce the onus on the victim to provide evidence of intimidating or controlling behaviour.
"Currently under the Restraining Orders Act 1997, a person can apply for a Violence Restraining Order (VRO) for family violence or other non-family personal violence situations or a Misconduct Restraining Order to restrain the misconduct of a non-family member," they said.
"The new FVROs will be a distinct third category of orders and will adopt a more modern definition of family violence."
Courts will be required to consider information from police and other agencies including the Department for Child Protection in assessing a person's risk.
It would then apply conditions specifically tailored for family violence, such as mandatory counselling.
Police Minister Liza Harvey said the FVRO was part of a reform package designed to address a significant increase in the number of such incidents in recent years.
"Family violence is unfortunately core business for police and the courts, with applications for restraining orders being made in 31 per cent of cases recorded by police in 2012," they said.
Ms Harvey said the reforms would see authorities, including police, work together more closely to identify those at risk.
"Family violence starts usually with the partner controlling every aspect of a woman's life, the banking, who they speak to, where they go," they said.
"To be able to intervene at that point before that control, coercion and intimidation escalates to violence is a step in the right direction, a huge step for these women who are trapped in those relationships.
"We're sending a message to the courts that we would prefer them to err on the side of the victim and err on the side of granting one of the violence restraining orders in these scenarios because they do protect women."
There were almost 45,000 incidents reported to police 2012, two and a half times the level reported 10 years ago.
The laws will be introduced later this year.
Topics: domestic-violence, laws, perth-6000
First posted
The tragedy of September 11th, 2001 was used by the western governments as a pretext to rob us of our freedoms. To fight the terrorists the secret services of the USA and other countries were granted permission to further invade our privacy on a massive scale. Special laws were passed and special interpretations of these laws were made to let the spies intercept all our electronic communication, analyse it at will and store it for whatever time they want.
But often the spies don't even bother with the special laws and just do whatever they want, since oversight by courts (some of them also secret) and parliaments is limited by the scale of the operations and what is more, by those institutions being at the mercy of the spy organizations in regards to what information they get about the ongoing operations.
Since 2008 a loose coalition of activists from around the world organizes events in september each year under the common slogan of “Freedom not Fear“.
Defending privacy is at the core of Pirate ideology – so it is not an accident that each year more pirate parties from different countries join the international coalition organizing “Freedom not Fear” events. This year the demonstration in Berlin on the 7th September was a huge event launched by a coalition of more than 70 organizations across the whole political spectrum with pirates, greens, left and liberal parties as well as many civil rights groups. Twenty thousands participants marched in the streets of Berlin carrying posters with slogans such as:
“Nur eine Diktatur braucht Zensur!” – “Only dictatorship needs censorship!” “Anonymität ist kein Verbrechen!” – “Anonymity is not a crime!” “Pressefreiheit braucht Informationsschutz” – “Press freedom needs information protection”
Jacob Applebaum, internet activist and founder of the Tor project, hold a speech:
“The agencies tasked with protecting us have not only refused to protect us, they have actively betrayed our trust, destroying the personal integrity of otherwise good people, and created a world where we are all less secure by design. People should be able to trust their elected leaders and when that trust is eroded, we must replace them and ensure that the mistakes of yesterday are corrected for a better world tomorrow: kick Merkel out, they have betrayed the German people by believing the criminal NSA and refusing to support the American people in their time of need. Strong cryptography implemented as free software, with open standards is what we need to begin to organize a resistance to the new tyranny of the modern era. The struggle before us is the meta-struggle of our era – our success is what will allow others struggling for justice to be secure in their activties, to be private in their lives and to ensure that the law is followed. The people charged with oversight of our spying agencies have failed us all – we cannot trust them – Like the murdered Turks in the NSU scandal, the status quo has moved them to silence through great failure.”
To show the global character and get more impact of the protests worldwide the pirate parties in other countries chose the same date for their demonstration. The demonstration in Vienna amassed around 500 participants. There were also smaller manifestations in Warsaw, Helsinki and a meeting in a hackerspace in Buenos Aires.
It is worth noting that the demonstrations were not just Pirate Party events, but were supported by coalitions of many other organizations. The 7th of September is not the end of the action – there will be more events during the whole month with a demonstration in The Hague on the 10th of September, a debate in Warsaw, more meetings in Buenos Aires and a culmination in Brussels on 27-30th of September 2013, where a conference will be held with workshops, lectures, discussions, rallies and meetings with members of the European Parliament.
Main picture: CC-BY Tobias M. Eckrich
Within the fields of harvest and fisheries management catch per unit effort (CPUE) is one method that is used to determine the health of a biological resource. The underlying assumption is that as a population declines it becomes harder to catch and therefore CPUE decreases.
Effort can be measured in a number of ways. In fisheries this unit of effort could be vessels in a fishery, days fished, hours fished, number of tows or sets in a season or any number of other units of measurement. Theoretically these should all show similar results.
As a very basic example of CPUE, if in the first year a vessel fishes 10 hours per day for the season and catches 4,500,000 kg of fish and in the second year still fishes 10 hours per day for the season and catches only 2,000,000 kg of fish the CPUE has dropped from 5000 kg/hr to 2778 kg/hr. A standardised CPUE would show a drop from maximum catch of 100 (the maximum of the data set) in the first year to 56 in the second year. A drop of almost half. All other things being equal this would give fisheries managers reason for concern as the effort has stayed the same while the catch has decreased. However, an increase or no change in catch can also sometimes mask an underlying problem. If in the second year the vessel fishes 15 hours per day for a season and still catches 4,500,000kg the CPUE drops to 3333 kg/hr. This is a standardised CPUE of 67. This represents an increase in effort for the same amount of catch.
There are a number of limitations to CPUE in fisheries management that largely come from fish stocks being highly mobile, impacted by a number of environmental conditions, disease and predation from other species. That being said, what if we applied the concept of CPUE to a non-biological resource such as oil? What if instead of catch per unit effort we calculate production per unit effort (PPUE)? This is exactly what I am proposing and what the rest of this post will address.
Production Per Unit Effort (PPUE)
In the case of oil these units of effort could be a number of rigs, footage drilled or money invested. We can hypothesise that when peak oil occurs we would expect to see PPUE decline for all these factors. As rig numbers increased the amount of production would decrease, as footage drilled increased the amount of production would decrease and as the money invested increased the amount of production would decrease.
I have standardised the PPUE figures below so that they can be easily compared across all regions. The basic calculation is simply to divide the production figure (thousands of barrels per day) by the corresponding unit of effort for each year. This is then standardised by dividing each figure by the largest figure in the data set and then multiplying by 100 to assign a ranking of 1 to 100. A PPUE of 100 represents a minimal amount of effort for the maximum amount of production while a PPUE of 1 represents a large amount of effort for minimal production. Obviously it is in the best interests of oil producing nations to be at the upper end of this scale. From what I have calculated below this is by and large not the case. The majority of regions around the world are facing falling PPUE which signals one thing: oil is getting harder and harder to get out of the ground. If this is indeed the case then high oil prices are here to stay and will only continue rising in the future.
The Global Outlook
By taking oil production figures from the 2012 BP Statistical Review (includes crude oil, shale oil, oil sands and NGLs) along with international active rig counts from Baker Hughes and calculating the PPUE we can compare how each region is faring.
We can see that PPUE for most regions peaked around 2000. The big exceptions being Canada in 1992 and Europe and Africa in the mid 2000s. What this means for the majority of the world is that in little over ten years the average number of barrels of oil a single rig produces has almost halved. Put another way oil companies have had to double the number of rigs in operation just to maintain oil production at 2000 levels. This is the very definition of drilling faster just to stay still.
Region PPUE 100 Year PPUE 2011 Years Between Decline in PPUE Africa 2005 57 6 43 Asia Pacific 2000 57 11 43 Canada 1992 39 19 61 Europe 2004 58 7 42 Latin America 1999 45 12 55 Middle East 1999 59 12 41 US 1999 34 12 66 World 1999 49 12 51
World PPUE has dropped almost 50% since 1999 after a steady climb from 1981 up to 1999. Despite huge investment individual wells are on average producing less oil.
Africa is past peak PPUE.
Asia Pacific is past peak PPUE.
Canada is past peak PPUE. It appears that after Canada's peak PPUE in 1991 it plateaued and bounced around the 40-50 mark for most of the last 20 years. The increase in PPUE in the late 2000s can somewhat be explained by the Athabasca tar sands ramping up production since 2003. Roughly half of Canadian oil production now comes from tar sands oil.
Europe is past peak PPUE.
Latin America is past peak PPUE.
The Middle East is past peak PPUE. The dip from 1979 onwards can be attributed to the Iranian Revolution which severely disrupted global oil prices. OPEC countries made huge profits by reducing production and keeping the price of oil high during this period.
The U.S. is past peak PPUE. The massive rise in the PPUE from 1981 onwards is the other side of the coin showing the impact of the Iranian Revolution. We see a short term rise in PPUE after the global financial crisis but this gain appears to largely now have been lost.
An American Case Study
If we then look specifically at U.S. data (because it's the easiest to find) we get similar results no matter which unit of effort is chosen.
All oil production figures are from the BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2012.
The average depth of wells is getting deeper and yet greater oil production is not reflected by this increase in effort.
U.S. Average Depth of Crude Oil Exploratory and Developmental Wells Drilled from EIA.
The increased number of crude oil rotary rigs in operation has not helped oil production either.
U.S Crude Oil Rotary Rig counts from EIA
The two graphs below both essentially show the same picture. The cost of drilling per foot has skyrocketed since 2000 driving up the cost of each individual well. Unfortunately the EIA data cuts off at 2007 so we can't see the impact of the global financial crisis. If well costs are anything like production levels it is likely that the cost fell considerably after 2007 and then climbed back up to to pre-GFC levels.
Cost of crude oil wells from EIA . Converted to real 2011 using GDP Deflator figures from World Bank .
When the above two graphs are converted to a standardised PPUE we see the same trend as other all other metrics. As costs per well and per foot drilled have continued upwards production has not followed suit.
Potential Issues With PPUE
Now it may be that I have missed something fundamental and PPUE is completely useless as an analytical tool. Or it may be that it just needs a tweaking of inputs. No doubt there are some harvest management experts out there that can point out where I have gone wrong. I have outlined a few issues I have identified below that I have some doubts about.
PPUE has not been standardised appropriately.
PPUE does not represent increases in effort accurately
PPUE data cannot generally provide information needed to assess resource management
PPUE is inappropriate to assess peak oil
I in no way think PPUE represents the whole picture but see it as supplementing other methods already out there such as EROEI. I welcome comments and criticisms.
BREAKING: House Leadership Agrees on Structure of $1.1 Trillion Spending Bill (Updated)
The government is set to run out of appropriated funds at midnight on Thursday, so officials are moving quickly to pass an appropriations bill to avoid a partial government shutdown. There had been talk of passing a “stop gap” bill that runs through January so the new Congress could have a chance to pass funding for the rest of the year. Fox News is reporting that this is no longer the case, and the spending bill will cover the rest of the fiscal year, which ends September 30.
The bill is expected to finance the day-to-day operations of every Cabinet department, provide more than $5 billion of President Obama's $6.2 billion request to combat Ebola at home and abroad, and provide more than $70 billion to conduct overseas military operations, including funds to fight Islamic State extremists However, it's unclear whether the bill will put limits on Department of Homeland Security spending, in response to the president's recent executive action that could delay deportation of as many as 5 million illegal immigrants. (emphasis mine)
House members will still have to agree on the bill,and then vote for it. There were reports of a bill that would fund the rest of the government, but withhold significant amounts of Homeland Security's funding due to the executive action. This would allow the new Congress to have a chance to negotiate and pass their own immigration bill, essentially clarifying the law before DHS implements the president's policy. Now would be a good time to give your congressional delegation a call and voice your concerns.
Update: It appears that Department of Homeland Security will only receive spending through February. By that time Republicans hope they will have immigration legislation ready to go to the president's desk.
Arsenal v Tottenham: Spurs legend David Ginola gives their verdict on the derby
Former Tottenham icon David Ginola, who was named Footballer of the Year during their three-year spell at White Hart Lane, offers their personal guide to Saturday's showdown at the Emirates:
Nasri v Van der Vaart : The key battle
You can see that Nasri is growing up and becoming the perfect example of the French style, which is about flair, touch and technique.
The key battle: Nasri (left) and Van der Vaart have enjoyed impressive campaigns
They play with their head up so knows where the next pass is. It is too soon to say they are ready to be like Zinedine Zidane but in France we have a tradition of players of this kind, who make you jump out of your seat. They always had the talent but you could see at Wembley on Wednesday that they are maturing - they understand the game better and everything seems easy for him. I think they are the complete midfielder and the best player of their generation in France.
Tottenham have their own outstanding player - Rafael van der Vaart. They should be pleased to have them and so should the Barclays Premier League. They will get even better over the next months.
Tottenham now have so many attacking options so I have to say this is the best Tottenham team I have seen. I believe they can win the league, not this season but in the next few years.
Pitbull memories
When I played in north London derbies, oh my God, the tackles came in from everywhere. If I got away from Dixon then I had Keown, if I got away from Keown I had Winterburn. They wanted to destroy me.
Best of enemies: Ginola admits they and Dixon laugh over their former rivalry
I wanted to caress the ball but there was no way anyone could do that. Lee Dixon and I laugh about it now but it was not funny at the time, it was frightening. They were like a pitbull, they just wanted to bite me. But I think the north London derby has changed, there is more chance to show some flair.
People don't pay to see holding midfielders
I admire Harry Redknapp and Arsene Wenger because they play attacking players. Too many managers refuse to take risks, they just want to feel secure. They think they have to play two holding midfielders. Wenger and Redknapp know that the best way to defend is to keep the ball.
Football should not be about feeling secure. If you have attacking players who are comfortable with the ball, as Arsenal and Spurs do, then you keep it for long periods and the opposition will tire.
Fabregas and Nasri are the players people want to pay to see, not holding midfielders. Or anyway this is the football I want to watch.
My prediction Spurs to win 3-2.
Every 90 minutes throughout the season Barclays is offering fans the chance to win free tickets to Barclays Premier League matches by going to a Barclays ATM and requesting a receipt or by visiting: www. barclaysticketoffice. com
An alumnus of the LUMS Center for Entrepreneurship, RepairDesk has secured seed funding of 40,000 dollars from Anant Handa, CEO and Founder of Revamp Wholesale, who will also be joining the company as a cofounder to lead product strategy and marketing.
Founded in 2014, RepairDesk is cloud-based point of sale and customer relationship management software, engineered specifically for small and medium-sized cell phone repair shops that allow technicians to stay on top of inventory, track repairs, manage multiple outlets and make smart decisions based on detailed business reports.
It provides complete transparency at every stage, starting from the time the phone is initially dropped off for repair, to the time it is available for pickup for a deceptively large multi-billion dollar mobile repair industry.
RepairDesk boasts a portfolio of over 900 clients registered on its platform which is managed by a team of 9 employees based out of Lahore, Pakistan.
Talking about the investment, Usman Butt said that the funding is a gateway to great things for the future of the company. They further stated,
“We are very excited to have gained the trust of the investors. We have worked tirelessly to build the product and gain substantial initial traction. The funding comes just in time when we needed it to scale the company and acquire new customers while serving the existing ones even better.”
When asked about the deal details, Usman said that the funding sufficiently meets our growth, marketing and R&D objectives for the year, but more important than the funding amount and value of the company is the strategic fit with Revamp Wholesale which is a large US based supplier of mobile spare parts and accessories boasting over 8000 customers in 11 countries.
While speaking to TechJuice, Usman Butt said,
“The partnership could be interesting because our business development team will also have access to their 7000 registered accounts, free marketing, conversion on sign ups & a sales force until we are setup.”
After their graduation from LUMS Center for Entrepreneurship, team RepairDesk now operates through its office in Cavalry Ground, Lahore.
× TechJuice for Browser: Get breaking news notifications on your browser.
The rise of Islamic State has led to much speculation about the group's origins: how do we account for forces and events that paved the way for the emergence of the jihadist group?
In the fourth article of our series on the historical roots of Islamic State, Aaron Hughes explains the amazing regional variation in Islamic practice to illustrate why Islamic State appeared where it did.
No religion is unified. How Catholicism, for example, is practised in rural Italy differs from the way this is done, say, in New York city. Language, culture, tradition, the political and social contexts, and even food is different in these two places.
Such geographic differences are certainly important in Islam. But also important are the numerous legal schools and their interpretations. Since Islam is a religion predicated on law (sharia), variations in the interpretation of that law have contributed to regional differences.
Also significant in the modern world is the existence of other religions. Malaysia, for example, has a relatively large percentage of religious minorities (up to 40% of the population). Saudi Arabia has virtually none.
This means Malaysia has had to develop a constitution that protects the rights of religious minorities, whereas Saudi Arabia has not. And it's why Islam is so different in these two countries.
Schools of thought
There are historical reasons for this variation. Despite popular opinion, Islam didn't appear fully formed at the time of Muhammad (570-632). There were huge debates over the nature of religious and political authority, for instance, and who was or was not a Muslim.
It's similarly misguided to assume that a unified teaching simply spread throughout the Mediterranean region and beyond.
How Muhammad's message developed into the religion of Islam — complete with legal and doctrinal content — took centuries to develop and cannot concern us here.
What is important to note, however, is that their message spread into various (unbordered) regions. Modern nation states would only arise much later. And each of these areas was already in possession of its own set of religious, legal and cultural traditions.
The result was that Islam had to be articulated in the light of local customs and understandings. This was done, in part, through the creation of legal courts, a class of jurists (ulema; mullas in Shi`ism), a legal code (sharia) and a system of interpretation of that code based on rulings (fatwas).
Many local customs arose based on trying to understand Muhammad's message. And these customs and understandings gave rise to distinct legal schools.
Although there were originally many such schools, they gradually reduced to four in Sunni Islam – Hanafi, Maliki, Shafi`i and Hanbali. While these four schools all regard one another as orthodox, they nevertheless have distinct interpretations of Islamic law. Some of their interpretations are more conservative than others.
There are also a number of such schools in Shi`i Islam, as you can see from the image above.
The four Sunni schools are associated with distinct regions (as are the Shi`i schools). The Maliki school, for example, is prominent today in Egypt and North Africa. The Hanafi is in western Asia, the Shafi`i in Southeast Asia and the Hanbali (the most conservative) is found primarily in Saudi Arabia and the Persian Gulf states.
Fundamental differences
All this legal and local variation has produced different interpretations of the religion. But despite such regional and legal diversity, many Muslims and non-Muslims insist on referring to Islam and sharia as if they were stable entities.
An example might be illustrative of the extent of the differences within Islam. Many non-Muslims are often surprised to learn of the cult of saints, namely the role Sufi saints (Sufism is Islamic mysticism) have played and continue to play in the daily life of Muslims.
A Sufi saint is someone who is considered holy and who has achieved nearness to God. Praying to these saints and making pilgrimages to their shrines is a way to, among other things, ask for intercession.
Although these practices are not unlike the role and place of saints in Catholicism, in Islam they are much more localised. And this locally varied cult of saints played and continues to play an important role in Islamic religious life from Morocco in the West to Pakistan in the East.
Devotion to the saints is believed to cure the sick, make fertile the barren, bring rain, and so on. Needless to say, such devotion is often frowned upon by more fundamentalist interpretations.
While most legal schools are content – albeit somewhat bothered – by such practices, the conservative Hanbali school forbids cults like this. Its adherents have, among other things, destroyed tombs of saints in both the premodern and modern eras. They have also been responsible for the destruction of shrines associated with Muhammad's family, such as the shrines and tombs of Muhammad's wife.
The Hanbali school, backed by the wealth of the Saudi ruling family, has also tried to make inroads into other areas. Those associated with this legal school, for example, have built madrasas (religious seminaries) in regions traditionally influenced by other legal schools of thought.
Most fundamentalist movements in Islam, including Islamic State, have emanated from such ultra-conservative elements. The Taliban in Afghanistan and Pakistan, for instance, are influenced by the more conservative elements of Hanbali ideology, even though they exist in a predominantly Hanafi legal environment.
The goal of many of these groups, sometimes referred to as Wahhabis or Salafis, is to return to what they imagine being the pure or pristine version of Islam as practised by Muhammad and their earliest followers. They often have strict interpretations of Islam, strict dress codes and separation of the sexes.
Today, there are more than one and a half billion Muslims worldwide, making Islam the second-largest religion on the planet after Christianity. But it is a rich and variegated religion. And this variation must be taken into account when dealing with it.
Most importantly, the variation cannot be papered over with simplistic slogans or stereotypes. That women are not allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia but are in places like Malaysia tells you something about this variation.
This article is the fourth in our series on the historical roots of Islamic State. Download our special report collating the whole the series.
So you want to mess with recaptcha? The fault of reCAPTCHA lies in the fact that it is used to digitize non-digital texts, as well as stop spam.
What this means is that in every captcha, there will be two words: one that the computer knows is right and will check your text against and one that it hopes to use to digitize text. In other words, reCAPTCHA only needs one word of your captcha to be correct for your captcha to be accepted.
You will be given two words one real one fake. The fake word is unknown to the computer and can be replaced by anything. Lets just type “cat” (typing anything works but "cat" is fun. lol)
Notice how the required word is displayed, i.e. double layered (the same trick is used by Facebook)
The following tips will help you easily identify which word to type.
Always Fake
Words with the following are always fake. They are easily identifiable.
Numbers
Symbols
Words with accents or punctuation
Indecipherable text
Almost Always Fake
Words with the following are usually fake with few exceptions. Sometimes you will get surprises, however.
Inverted colors
Odd or non-matching fonts
Deformation caused by scanning
Things To Remember
COW MUTILATIONS----------------------------ALLAN's PRIVATE TOURS--ARE GEARED TO YOUR INTERESTS--GHOSTS- UFOs-COW MUTILATIONS--505-986-5002 / 505-231-1336
SUSPEND RATIONAL JUDGEMENT! SOMETHING IS GOING ON!!!! PROOF = THE MUTILATED BEEFS!
A phenomenon that first started in Santa Fe county in 1947 has now spread through out the western USA. The phenomena are cow mutilations. It's of note that in the late 40s and 50s the term used for cattle mutilations in the Santa Fe area or NEW MEXICO, was "slashing of cattle".
Ranchers then and now find one of their beefs dead on their property. The cow has been mutilated, its sex organs are removed, a lot of the cow's blood is drained, and sometimes its face has been pealed back or taken. The ground around the caracass shows no footprints or tire tracks and more importantly there is no sign of struggle. The wounds are not jagged but laser like in precision. What is causing this?
Surveilance teams and rewards have not produced any evidence into who or what is butchering cattle. However, UFOs have been seen in the skies near where the mutilations have taken place. Some weird beards think the growing number of missing people in the USA is related to cow mutilations.As in UFO abduction and experiments.
Hmm, I guess planet Earth according to the E.T.s, is a no hunting license required world and a no bag limit planet.
Seriously, what would an alien life form want with cows? Supposedly bovine DNA in some respects is similar to human.
In any case, cows continue to be found mutilated and no one or no group has been arrrested.
The national media claims that the first mutilation happened in 1967 in southern Colorado. EL WRONGO! According to my research the first mutilation happened in Santa Fe county in 1947. Yes, strange things were seen in the skies above a mesa where the 1947 cow mutilation occured. 1947 is the year of the Roswell UFO crash.
Not only have cows been mutilated, but so have smaller number of horses, dogs, deer, etc... Wierd beards claim the rash of missing people that has befuddled law enforcement since the early 1970s, is the result of an alien harvests.
ABOVE PHOTOS--This carcass is bloating, notice where its head used to be, as if a blow torch melted the cow's head. HOWEVER!!!!! HOWEVER!!!!!!! I do think that the photos are a PHONY! I could be wrong, and many paranormalists think that I am, but I recon this is a blending of two photos. A dead beef and a mangled animal head. But if it these are legit photos, -- WOW!!!! Remember reader--- a lot of UFO photos out there are now photo shop, I think this is cow mutilation photo shop. WHy is this done, for prank. Also fake photos are released for disinformation purposes. There are sinister forces in this world that do not want the public knowing that something is not right (certain cattle mutilation incidents & missing people cases) and that something is linked to UFOs. --------------------------------------LEFT PHOTO--The mutilated cow at the bottom of the picture seems to have been dropped from the sky. Notice the broken timbers. Over the years lore has it that mutilated cows have been found atop fences or in fields with their backs broken. These mutilated animals have fallen from great height.
CLICK ON COVER TO ORDER "MYSTERY-MAYHEM: CHRONICLE USA" . UFOs + VANISHINGS ARE FOUND IN THIS BOOK! FLIGHT 19, THE MONCLA ABDUCTION, THE L-8 MYSTERY, + OTHER MACABRE TALES--GHOSTS AND CONSPIRACIES.
Deer on power grid pole, how did it get there? Is this a prank, there are tire tracks and footprints in picture. A railroad line is close to this grid line.
Did the animal fall from the sky, is it a hoax? Who would go to such lengths to place a deer atop a power pole?
I have seen bits of a coyote that was thrown onto a powerline after the animal got hit by a semi truck. If the deer was hit by a train and thrown to the pole, would there not be just bits of the animal?
As for the coyote that was hit by the semi truck, bits of the animal were thrown onto a highway powerline. By bits, I mean a paw, some fur, and animal fragments.
The deer on the pole shares none of those characteristics as in being torn into fragments.
The coyote I mention was hit by a semi truck going around 70 mph. A train on the flats, can have a speed around 90 mph. With the force and speed of a train, I think the dear would be fragmented.
Is this deer the victim of a botched alien cow atopsy, was it thrown from a hovering UFO? Or is it the end result of some evil ritual?
In Farnham, Nebraska on August 18th and 25th, 2004, two cows were found mutilated in different pastures. There was no sign of struggle as in the animals puting up a fight. The beefs had their blood drained, tongues, eyes, hearts, sexual organs removed. Tests around the cows revealed there were large concentrations of magnetite (IRON OXIDE-BLACK CRYSTALIZED FORM)) on the plants, hides, and ground. What does this mean? Magnetite is found in the stratosphere 60-100 miles up. This material swirls to Earth and cause the NORTHERN LIGHTS. Some UFO-OLOGISTS say this proves that the beefs were taken up and mutilated. Perhaps? Another theory and this makes more sense is the alien craft that was near this butchered beef uses a different power source than what humankind does. Perhpas the alien craft uses magnetic beams to power their craft. Magnetite is the residuals of their power source. Why would Aline be interested in cows? Bovine blood is similar to human blood and is used in plasma. Even though Human = 46 CHROMOSONES (EXCEPT WITH SOME OF MY COUSINS WHO ARE MISSING A FEW). COWS = 60 CHROMOSONES. Supposedly, aliens are engineering a new breed of people or giving themselves DNA transplants by way of HUMAN and BOVINE blood-DNA. YIKES!
Ranchers who have been in the cow business for decades can not come to any rational conclusion as in what is killing their cows, and performing laser like precision type surgery on the beefs. The cow mutilation phenomena have spread beyond the USA, into Canada, Mexico and now above, ARGENTINA!
Argentina cows and UFO, claimed to be shot in 1981. Is this a fake or legit? I have no idea.
A 1960 PHOTO OF A UFO IN CORDOBA, ARGENTINA. THE UFO DOES LOOK LIKE FOO FIGHTERS THAT WERE FILMED DURING WWII.
All over the western USA, cows are found with surgical holes and organs removed. Note the clean wound, there are no guts protruding as in from decomposition or animals tearing away at the carcass. There are no jagged animal bite marks on the wound. The animals inners are cored out. What is doing this?
The photo column on the left are of Bioforms, Plasmodials, Invisible Flying Critters or Sky Fish. Yes, that is what they have been named. These things supposedly live in the sky and were photographed and filmed by Trevor Constable and Raymond F. Toliver. These creatures can only be filmed with special lens filters. I have my doubts about these photos and films. However some wierd beards claim these are the things that are responsible for cow mutilations. The films I have seen of these supposed creatures look like bad fakery. They were shot with silent 8mm films in the 1950's and 1960's. These supposed creatures can morph into various amoebic or circular type shapes.
Anything is possible, there maybe life forms in the atmosphere that humankind has not discoverd, but these so-called Flying Critters, I think not.
That being writen, I do think Jose Escamilia maybe onto something as far as filming nearly transparent small flying tube creatures in southeastern New Mexico. Google up Jose. Or click on the above picture to be taken to some FOO FIGHTER FOOTAGE--UFO PHENOMENON PAGE
These photos of the mutilated-cored out beef are from an area NORTHWEST of LAVA HOT SPRINGS, IDAHO; courtesy of SCOTT WELCH. August 15, 2008, this mutlitated steer was found. A month before this discovery another mutilated steer was found.
This beef's inners were cored out, not a drop of blood is found inside the carcass. Notice how clean the bore-core hole edges are. No blood or slabs of gas expelled inners are around the cow. ALso note, how the animal has not been touched by predators. Vultures in the area did not touch the beef, neither did coyotes. Other cows would not venture to the area. The cow is a fresh kill, note the hide texture, but also note the ground around the carcass.
No study was done on the soil around the mutilation but I would bet the ground contained a lot of MAGNATITE, a rare ore like substance that is found in the upper stratosphere. The area where the mutilation was found can be googled at 42degree 37' 57.12"N or on GLOBAL POSIITONING 112degree 7' 24.45"W ------ This area of Idaho was a hot bed for UFO sightings a quarter century ago.
What is killing these cows? The weapon that is used on these beefs, or the energy source that makes for the mutilations, must leave some type of residue behind on the cow. Is this is why other cows will not venture to the carcass or why predators will not go to the site and help themselves with a bovine meal. Below click on video icon for a series of 1978 newscast that cover the cattle mutilation phenomena. It is a primitive telecast, investigations and technology has come a long way since 1978. I wish that today's media would give 10 minutes of air time on these phenomena.
Brown spots on the hides of these dead beefs, have been identified as cow hemoglobin. The cow plasma has been seperated, or is seperated, and this can only be done in a lab.
Have any info on ths growing mystery send it my way. santafewriter@me.com
505-986-5002 = PRIVATE TOURS (HISTORY OR PARANORMAL) = 505-231-1336
BOOK A HISTORY OR PARANORMAL TOUR WITH ALLAN----OR GET HIM ON YOUR RADIO SHOW-- YOU WILL BE GLAD YOU DID!!!! 505-986-5002=====505-231-1336 SOME OF THE SHOWS ALLAN HAS BEEN ON
EXCHANGE LINKS TO THIS WEBSITE OR PAGE/PAGES AND YOUR WEBSITE-- CONTACT ALLAN--- santafewriter@me.com
MORE DATA & PHOTOS = CATTLE MUTILATIONS MYSTERY -CLICK HERE
----HOME PAGE---CLICK HERE---SANTA FE GHOST AND HISTORY TOURS
Bulgaria has long been among world leaders in the production and export of rose oil, Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borisov said while opening the new Musem of Roses of Bulgaria on Sunday.
Located in the central Bulgarian town of Kazanlak, which has been famous for its roses for decades, the museum is now located in a separate building after having been hosted by another cultural institution in the town since 1967.
The Bulgarian government allocated BGN 1 M (EUR 0.5 M) to the local administration to complete the projects, Borisov added during the inauguration also attended by the ministers of tourism, agriculture, and regional development.
The museum is an example of the cooperation provided by the cabinet anywhere new projects are needdd, Focus News Agency reports Borisov as saying.
The museum's permanent exhibition tells the 300-year story of Bulgarian rose oil production, also showcasing some of the tools that were traditionally used in the process back when the industry was picking up pace.
Sunday's ceremony took place as the Festival of Roses, which began in Kazanlak in mid-May, is nearing its official closure on June 12.
Center is the biggest recent private investment in medical research, according to minister
Prague, Dec 15 (ČTK) — The International Cannabis and Cannaboids Institute (ICCI) was opened in Prague today with U.S. and Canadian investors contributing half a billion crowns, which Health Minister Svatopluk Němeček said is the biggest private investment in Czech medical research in the past years.
The institute, for which Professor Lumir Hanus, from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, will also work, wants to contribute to the use of cannabis in the treatment of various diseases based on research evidence and the patients´ experience.
ICCI managing director Pavel Kubů said the research is to contribute to the tailor-made treatment of patients.
The scientists also want to make use of the experience of the patients who have “illegally” treated themselves with the drug they made from the plants they grew or that they gained on the black market.
The institute founders say the non-standardized and “unscientific” attitudes together with the fears of abuse of cannabis are among the reasons of why cannabis is not yet accessible to all patients who need it.
Cannabis treatment has been legalized in the Czech Republic, but pharmacies only sell imported cannabis that is too expensive for most patients and most doctors hesitate about prescribing it.
Doctors can prescribe cannabis to AIDS and multiple sclerosis patients.
The ICCI is a joint project of patient organizations, Czech scientific societies and the investment company Dioscorides Global Holdings.
Its headquarters is in Prague and it will cooperate as an excellence center with CharlesUniversity in Prague, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and MasarykUniversity in Brno.
As the Dallas Cowboys defensive linemen went through their drills in the early portion of Thursday's practice open to the media, rookie defensive end Taco Charlton wasn't with them.
They spent their time getting personal tutelage from Hall of Famer Charles Haley. Charlton and Haley worked on fundamental things such as footwork, hand placement and turning the corner.
Charlton is soaking in whatever advice they can get as they have yet to record a sack in six games.  They are the only defensive linemen drafted in this year's first round who doesn't have a sack.
“I'm not used to waiting this long to get a sack, especially last year when I had 10 sacks in 10 games,” said Charlton, who actually had 10 sacks in 11 games as a senior at Michigan.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
“But I've been working hard these last couple of weeks. Last week, I got close. I've been working hard, trying to refine my technique. I'm getting there. Hopefully, it comes. Once I get one, hopefully they start coming in bunches.”
The Cowboys aren't giving up on Charlton. They had a season-high 37 defensive snaps last Sunday against the San Francisco 49ers after getting eight the previous game against the Green Bay Packers. The Cowboys play at Washington Sunday.
Against the 49ers, Charlton was credited by the coaches with two quarterback pressures and a pass breakup.
“It's not giant steps, it's baby steps right now,” defensive coordinator Rod Marinelli said. “I'm seeing some baby steps.”
Marinelli and the Cowboys feel that Charlton will only get better with more playing time. Charlton agrees, saying they need more snaps to get into a rhythm.
The Cowboys showed their confidence in them against San Francisco by using them and making Benson Mayowa and Damontre Moore inactive for the game. The team released Moore earlier this week.
For Charlton, though, it's about making the most of their opportunity going forward. It's about turning those pressures into sacks.
And there's no better mentor to get things going than Haley, who had 100.5 sacks in their 13-year Hall of Fame career.
Haley has helped groom several Cowboys' defensive linemen, including DeMarcus Lawrence. Lawrence, who already has a career-high 9.5 sacks this season, believes Haley is the type of person who could jump-start Charlton.
“That's what they need. They need tough love,” Lawrence said. “Charles will speak some real [stuff], but it takes time. He's aggressive on you.”
Said Charlton: “It's always good to learn from a Hall of Famer. I'm learning new tricks of the trade. Charles comes in and teaches what they know and what worked for him.”
Anything can help at this point. Most important, Charlton has remained positive despite their lack of production to this point. They see it coming together sooner than later.
So do their teammates.
“It's hard, man, as a rookie coming into this league,” Lawrence said. “But I feel like he's going to step up and get their first sack this year.”
Added tight end Jason Witten, “Anytime you're picked as a No. 1 pick, there's such high expectations. Taco is a wonderful guy. He's a great teammate. They work hard. Certainly has size and ability that you see. I go against them all training camp and then into the first few weeks, he's a talented guy.
“So many times we just look at the bottom line statistic and we forget the development of a player. I think he's a guy that we're really lucky to have with their ability and what they bring and what their upside is moving forward.”
Bailey scenario
There will be no quick return for injured kicker Dan Bailey.
The Cowboys expect Bailey, who has a groin injury, to be sidelined “four weeks or more,” according to vice president Stephen Jones.
It was known that Bailey would miss Sunday's game against the Washington Redskins and possibly next week against the Kansas City Chiefs, which is why the Cowboys signed veteran kicker Mike Nugent on Tuesday and cut defensive end Damontre Moore.
But is looks like Nugent will be here for the long haul as the club will continue to carry two kickers on the active roster.
There is a chance, according to Jones, that even if Bailey is ready, the Cowboys will use Nugent for long field goals and kickoffs and Bailey for the shorter ones.
SHARE COPY LINK The Dallas Cowboys took care of business Sunday afternoon at Levi's Stadium. The no-frills 40-10 victory featured standout performances across the board.
Marcus Tullius Cicero (106-43 BCE) was a prominent lawyer, politician, and thinker in the last years of the Roman Republic. Their death was a murder in revenge for their attacks on Marcus Antonius (known in English as Mark Anthony), in the form of a speech in the Senate against tyranny known as the First Philippic. It is known as the Philippic in tribute to the speeches of Demosthenes (384-322 BC), which attacked the tyranny of Philipp II of Macedon over Athens and the other Greek city states.
The background to this is that the Roman Republic had been falling into the hands of military strong men for some time, who stretched the institutions and laws of the republic in order to exercise supreme power. Gaius Julius Caesar was the last in this sequence. After their conquest of Gaul (France) they have taken supreme power in Rome out of a mixture extreme drive for power and as a protective measure against enemies after the lost the immunity associated with the governor's post they had during their war of expansion.
After winning a way against their most important rival, Caesar offered mercy to previous opponents allowing them to be influential in Rome. However, Caesar was increasingly looking like a new king, a hated office in Rome, and the political system was designed to prevent any one person having complete power except for a short period in exceptional circumstnces. Caesar used this office of dictator, originally designed to offer emergency powers to a general during a time of military crisis for no more than six months, to become the permanent absolute ruler of Rome. They publicly rejected the offer of a crown from Mark Anthony, but was suspected of waiting for the right moment to proclaim themselves king.
A conspiracy developed against Caesar amongst aristocrats who wished to preserve republican practices in which no one man could dominate Rome, so that power was shared between the aristocracy, with some influence granted to the common people. Cicero was a not a member of the conspiracy, but approved of its action against Caesar, which was led by Cicero's friend Marcus Junius Brutus. It is highly pertinent to Cicero's vision of the republic that Brutus was, or appeared to be, the descendent of the Marcus Junius Brutus who led the overthrow of the last King of Rome in the early years of the sixth century BCE.
The conspiracy against Caesar resulted in their assassination by a group of senators in 44 BCE. However, the assassins were not able to take over Rome and moved to eastern Mediterranean parts of the Roman lands to raise forces and organise for a war against Caesar's followers. After the assassination Caesar's friend and colleague, mark Anthony allied with an 18 year old nephew of Caesar, who was their legal heir. The boy became the Emperor Augustus. The rest of the story would go beyond the limits of this post, so it will enough for now just to mention that Mark Anthony took power in the city of Rome, leading to the murder of Cicero, while the future Augustus built up a position which enabled them to become the political successor to Caesar, not Mark Anthony.
Mark Anthony is reported to have ordered Cicero's hands to be removed during the assassination and nailed to the door of the Senate house, in a tribute of a kind to the power of an eloquent speaker arguing for liberty and demonstrating liberty in the act of speaking, using their hands as ancients did in a rhetorically guided way as a major part of emphasising points. Though after the First Philippic the likelihood of violent retribution from Mark Anthony led Cicero to confine themselves to writing further Philippics that were not read out in the Senate.
Cicero had previously served as consul (one of two officers of the Republic who shared the powers of a king for one year), the governor of Cilicia (modern day Adana in Turkey), and other offices. Their political career included some very rough measures to defend the republic against what they thought of as existential danger and we should not turn Cicero into defender of pure constitutionalism and law in life, as well as in their writings. Their writings do suggest a strong wish to live under laws rigorously enforced, and it has to be conceded that it was practically impossible to participate in politics at that time without being party to some very rough actions.
Cicero's writings are not merely an important moment in antique thinking about liberty, but a major event in the linguistic and conceptual translation of Greek philosophy into Latin. Cicero's Latin became the model for educated Latin style and usage under the Empire. Their influence as a Latin stylist, thinker, and republican, was important on many generations of the more educated members of the aristocracy and the upper classes in Europe into the 19th century, because of the centrality of Latin to elite education.
Cicero wrote a number of texts concerned with liberty apart from On the Republic, including On the Laws, On Duties as well as various texts about oratory, letters and speeches. Online versions of On the Republic can be found here and here. The book connects with the issue of the apparent lineage of Brutus the assassin of Caesar going back to Brutus overthrower of monarchy, because it emphasises tradition. Laws are understood to be good if coming from venerable custom and that reinforced the arguments for a Senate connected with the Roman past through the ancestry emphasised by the aristocracy. Cicero was themselves from a provincial family that had recently become rich, but felt that the connections of many other Senators with the deep Roman past was very valuable.
The aristocracy, organised politically in the Senate, provides the real heart of Cicero's ideal republic as it provides a means of government midway between the disorder of democracy and the tyranny of one man rule. The people should have a share in the political system, but one constrained to prevent imbalances arising. Monarchy existed in the Roman republic, in the form the consuls who shared power for two years. Democracy existed in the role of citizen assemblies and tribunes who had veto powers and were elected by the lower classes as a guarantee of their rights.
Cicero saw the benefits of aristocratic power as a so great that except where the people had become unusually virtuous it is a good thing for the aristocracy to be able the how the lower classes voted, so that patrons could influence the votes of those who depended on them financially. This could be seen as very self-interested on the part of Cicero since they were a member of the aristocracy, but also fits in with their argument about the importance of avoiding the bad government of individuals with absolute power and of disorderly democratic assemblies. Both extremes are bad for a republic.
Cicero was certainly very horrified by the idea of a tyrant, suggesting that such people were vicious beasts and enemies of humanity. Unfortunately, like the other ancient thinkers, it just seemed obvious to them that Romans were a free people not worthy of slavery, while other peoples were worthy only of slavery. Roman readiness for liberty was based on customs and traditions that endured over the centuries. Cicero's vision of law was as the outcome of virtue cultivated over over centuries. Laws were based on what could be found in customs so reducing the chances of laws appearing that impinged on the rights of any citizen.
Cicero's understanding of law, custom, rights, and virtue was rooted in Roman history, in which they thought the early Roman kings Romulus and Numa, had built the institutions needed by a republic concerned with respect for a divine sanction underlying laws. Cicero probably did not believe in the standard Roman paganism, but evidently thought it suitable for making the laws as respected as possible. Cicero's view of virtue also led them to favour a republic not too open to trade and other forms of connection with the outside world. They thought that Rome's position on a river rather than the sea was ideal for keeping foreign influences down to an acceptable level. Carthage, Rome's old enemy in what is now Tunisia, was less blessed in that it was a city on the sea and had been dominated by trade.
Cicero's suspicions of trade and cosmopolitan interaction was regrettable, but was part of the antique way of thinking in which individual liberty in a city rested on virtue, state enforcement of public behaviour, as was the responsibility of Roman ‘censors', and detachment from money making activities. Liberty could only fully exist where an aristocracy accustomed to self restraint dominated institutions in which the recklessness of the lower classes and the greed of those trying to rise up could be held down.
It was difficult for Cicero to imagine strong laws and institutions, as able to guarantee liberty, except in a society where the rapid innovations and changes of trade and commerce were sufficiently dampened to allow the old to remain in place. There are modern problems in integrating effective laws and institutions with change and variety, and no one had an obviously better idea of how find a balance than Cicero did in antiquity.
A federal judge Thursday dismissed a lawsuit brought by a St. Paul Central High School science teacher whose career ended when a student body-slammed them in December 2015.
The teacher, John Ekblad, sued former superintendent Valeria Silva and assistant superintendent Theresa Battle in March in U.S. District Court, accusing them of failing to protect him.
Lawyers for the school officials asked to have the case dismissed, arguing that under state law, Ekblad must go through the workers compensation system. U.S. District Judge David Doty agreed, finding that no exceptions exist that would enable Ekblad to sue.
“Obviously, we're disappointed. We felt we had a strong case,” said Phil Villaume, Ekblad's attorney.
Villaume said they will appeal the ruling.
“This decision affects every teacher in the state of Minnesota,” they said.
Minnesota workers compensation laws have been described as a compromise: They protect employers from costly lawsuits while compensating employees for workplace injuries, even when the employer was not at fault. In most cases, the system is the “exclusive remedy” for workers hurt while on the job.
But Villaume argued as many as three exceptions apply in this case that would enable Ekblad to sue.
ASSAULT EXCEPTION
The assault exception is for cases where the employee was injured for personal reasons unrelated to their employment. Villaume said this was their strongest argument.
They argued the student, who is black, assaulted Ekblad because they are white. They also argued Ekblad's job duties did not require them to put themselves in harm's way.
Doty disagreed, partly because Ekblad received extra pay as a lunchroom supervisor. Ekblad was not obligated to break up the lunchroom fight, but they acted within the scope of their employment when they chose to do so, the judge found.
“Ekblad, a school district employee paid to maintain order and safety in the lunchroom, intervened in the fight in the course of their duties. Under these circumstances, their injuries arose from circumstances directly related to their employment,” Doty wrote.
INTENTIONAL ACT EXCEPTION
For the intentional act exception to apply, Villaume needed to demonstrate that Silva and Battle were not simply negligent but had a “conscious and deliberate intent” to harm Ekblad.
Villaume's claims — that Ekblad was injured because of school district policies and decisions that gave black students preferential treatment for discipline — “do not establish that (Silva and Battle) consciously and deliberately intended to inflict injury,” Doty wrote.
CO-EMPLOYEE LIABILITY EXCEPTION
The co-employee liability exception is for cases where an employee displayed gross negligence by breaching their duties to a fellow worker.
“Even assuming Silva and Battle are Ekblad's co-employees, the incident did not arise from negligence directed toward Ekblad or tortious conduct in which they participated, nor did it occur at their direction,” Doty wrote.
FULLY DISABLED
Ekblad, 56, has not returned to their job since the attack. They said after a court hearing this month that they think their career is over.
They cited ongoing memory and hearing loss, headaches, tremors and a burning sensation in their foot and said they no longer handles stress the way they used to. He's now receiving full disability payments from Social Security, they said.
The school district said in a March court filing that it had paid Ekblad $65,772 in workers compensation since the attack, as well as tens of thousands in medical benefits.
“Saint Paul Public Schools does not condone violence under any circumstance and has always made safety a top priority for its students and staff,” the district said in a prepared statement Thursday.
“The dismissal of the lawsuit allows the workers' comp system to operate as it was set up to do — compensate staff who are injured while at work.”
The 16-year-old student who injured Ekblad pleaded guilty to third-degree felony assault and was given 90 days of home monitoring and community service. They told a judge they were trying to stop a fight involving their younger brother when Ekblad grabbed them from behind.
Around this time four years ago, Kongregate sidestepped its browser-based flash game heritage and ventured into the world of free-to-play downloads. The GameStop-owned web portal now has its sights set on Steam, where it plans to release indie games on PC—starting with once-mobile-now-desktop game Slashy Hero.
An updated version of Kongregate's software development kit is also available which allows player progress to be shared across multiple platforms. As it stands, Slashy Hero is already set up to do so between its mobile iteration and new Steam port. Developers can also view metrics and stats relevant to mobile, web, and Steam releases.
"Despite the growth of newer platforms, PC gaming remains a viable and exciting option that our players want to explore," said Kongregate's present and co-founder Emily Greer in conversation with gamesindustry.biz. "By adding Steam to our publishing business, we can support even more indie developers and deliver unique and innovative content to gamers worldwide.
"Our mission is to help independent developers succeed and we want to work with developers on any platform where we think we can add value, whether that be browser, mobile, PC or console. As we work with teams in our publishing program we work together to figure out what platforms are right for the game from a gameplay and audience perspective."
Besides The Gentlebros' isometric adventure game, Spellstone is the only other game scheduled for Steam release for now, however more are expected in the coming months.
Thanks, gamesindustry.biz.
Haas: We are designing our own car and want two experienced drivers
Haas F1 team, is already learning the politics of Formula 1 and have found themselves on the defensive amid suggestions that it is already bending the rules.
Currently, as it is not yet racing, the outfit is outside of the current wind tunnel testing restrictions.
But its work at Ferrari's Maranello tunnel recently caught the attention of the governing FIA, triggering an inspection.
Team boss Gunther Steiner told Germany's Auto Motor und Sport: “In principle, we are doing nothing different to what Force India does at Toyota. We are a customer (of Ferrari's) in the wind tunnel.”
However, Haas is making no secret of its close alliance with Ferrari, as it makes the most of the current rules in terms of buying parts from the Italian team.
But Steiner insists that Haas is designing its own chassis, “We have designed our own chassis. Rob Taylor has been working on it since January.”
Much of this work is taking place at Dallara, the Italian chassis manufacturer. Haas also has a headquarters in North Carolina, and yet another in Banbury, at the former Marussia base.
Steiner denies that Dallara is making the Haas car, “We have our own offices at Dallara. It's like a company within a company.”
Soon, Haas' attention will turn towards signing up the race drivers for 2016. Previously, the team has said it may pair an experienced hand with a rookie.
But Steiner now says: “We are looking for two drivers with experience. As a new team, you don't also want to be running a driving school. You need two drivers who already know what they're doing,.”
Auto Motor und Sport said a Ferrari-linked driver is a near-certainty, with Jean-Eric Vergne apparently the front-runner ahead of Esteban Gutierrez.
As for the other seat, Nico Hulkenberg, Romain Grosjean and Felipe Nasr are all linked with Haas, while Americans Alexander Rossi and Danica Patrick have been effectively ruled out.
Today's New York Times laid out some harsh words for the president and their legal future. New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said:
“We try and protect New Yorkers from those who would do them harm. The biggest threat to New Yorkers right now is the federal government, so we're responding to it.”
Ouch.
And so continues the chess game that is federalism under Donald Trump. In more normal times, prosecutors on the state level would refrain from even discussing hypothetical prosecutions of a sitting president or those around him. State attorneys general would typically defer to the feds – doubly so in instances for which a special counsel has been appointed. But as most of us have come to accept, the 45th presidency is anything but typical. Individual states seem to be mustering their artillery in preparation for the day when Trump takes action against Robert Mueller. Whether that action will take form in the shape of a pardon (or five), or a direct (or indirect) firing of Mueller themselves is anyone's guess – but we do know that New York State plans to put itself on the front lines when necessary. California, led by its Attorney General, Xavier Becerra, won't be far behind either.
During their New York Times interview, Schneiderman wasn't exactly bragging about their plans to take down the federal government, saying, that they had “a lot of respect” for Mueller's work, and that, “watching it from the outside, like everybody else, it seems like they're doing a very thorough and serious job.” Still, Schneiderman's message was clear: if an effort to derail Mueller's work surfaced, New York will do “whatever we can do to see that justice is done.”
Those who are legally informed won't mistake Schneiderman's low-key attitude for impotence. The reality is that if a state were to initiate prosecution against Trump or their associates, that prosecution would likely be stronger than the corresponding federal one. For one reason, grand jury proceedings, usually secret, could potentially be unveiled during a state prosecution if that state action were to follow a prematurely stifled federal action.
Of course, as we've written many times at Law & Crime, President Trump lacks legal authority to issue a pardon for a state crime. Therefore, if Mueller's investigation exposes individuals, including Trump himself, to state criminal liability, states like New York, Virginia, and Illinois may find themselves cast as the key defenders of the realm. Russian collusion in the election would almost certainly violate election laws in at least those states, not to mention the 39 others that have potentially applicable laws against election interference.
So it may be that the Schneidermans and the Becerras of America become the forces to ultimately stop the Trump machine in its tracks; such an outcome would be deliciously ironic. Conservative states'-rights enthusiasts would need to twist themselves into unrecognizable shapes to explain why a federal official should not submit to state authority, or alternatively, why a state prosecution isn't grounds for impeachment. For years, Trump sold themselves as the ultimate New Yorker. It's only fair that the Empire State would be the one to finally take them down.
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
A woman who was held hostage by their ex-boyfriend in Redlands ended up being shot by police, Redlands Police Chief Mark Garcia said Friday.During a morning press conference, Garcia released the details of what led up to the tense hostage situation and how the woman, 28-year-old Kristen Bauer, was struck by police gunfire on March 24.Around 2 p.m. that afternoon, the suspect in the case, 29-year-old Andrew Mike of Downey, went to a Redlands Office Depot where their ex-girlfriend, Bauer, worked. Bauer told authorities they had tried to end their relationship with Mike earlier that morning.In order to avoid causing a scene, Bauer went outside to meet Mike in their car in the Office Depot parking lot. As they sat in the car, authorities said Mike pulled out a handgun, put it in their mouth and pulled the trigger, but the gun didn't fire. They then drove away with Bauer in the car.As they drove around the area, Bauer continually asked Mike to stop and let them out. At one point while they were driving, they fired the gun in their direction, but ended up hitting the inside of the passenger door. They also kept trying to inject them with an unknown substance, but they were able to avoid being pierced by the needle, police said.Mike and Bauer eventually ended up back at Office Depot, where they let them out of the car but followed them into the store. While they were inside, they physically restrained them and held them at gunpoint. During the struggle, one person who had tried to help was shot in the finger.Authorities were called during that time and responded to the scene within two minutes. Mike then forced Bauer through the back door, saw the police presence and dragged them to a spot on High Street, just east of Sixth Street. There, they held them at gunpoint for more than two hours while negotiators tried to convince them to release Bauer to safety.According to Bauer's police statement, Mike threatened their life at least eight times during the standoff. Authorities said Mike also indicated to them at least 10 times that they were prepared to die.Toward the end of the hostage situation, Mike made a sudden movement, pulled Bauer back as a shield and pushed the gun into their back. Authorities then believed Bauer was in immediate danger and quickly chose to fire multiple rounds at Mike in order to save their lives.Garcia said 11 officers from multiple agencies fired 25 rounds at the suspect. Nine of those officers were from the Redlands Police Department, while two were part of the San Bernardino Police Department, according to Garcia.Mike was struck and killed during the shooting, and Bauer, who was found wounded, was pulled away from the scene and transported to Loma Linda Medical Center. At the time, they were listed in critical condition Medical staff treated them and determined they suffered a single gunshot wound. The injury caused damage to one of their lungs, their liver and diaphragm, their father said, adding that they have a long road to recovery.Mike's gun from the scene was recovered and looked over by authorities. Garcia said the cartridge appeared to have been jammed, which prevented the gun from firing.According to preliminary results, Bauer was struck by police gunfire. Them family was contacted early Friday morning and updated with the latest findings, Garcia said.He said hopes Bauer, who is now in serious condition, makes a full recovery."After meeting with Kristin again this morning, I am encouraged by their recovery," they said at the press conference. "I pray for their continued recovery, and the Redlands Police Department and I will continue to do all we can to assist them and support their family as they heal."The incident remained under investigation, Garcia said.
In 2004, Dream Theater released its live album Live at Budokan, and in either 2017 or 2018 the band will repeat the feat. While there's no release date attached to the album just yet, Dream Theater is currently plotting a new live album called Back To Budokan 2017. The album will feature an entire performance of Dream Theater's 1992 album Images & Words alongside some old and new songs, plus an entire performance of "A Change Of Seasons."
The show took place on September 11 at The Budokan in Tokyo. Here's the tracklist, courtesy of Bravewords, and artwork from producer Richard Chycki's Instagram. Dream Theater is planning on releasing a new non-conceptual album sometime in 2019.
Disc 1
"Opening (The Colonel)"
"The Dark Eternal Night"
"The Bigger Picture"
"Hell's Kitchen"
"The Gift of Music"
"Our New World"
"Portrait of Tracy" (John Myung solo)
"As I Am"
"Breaking All Illusions" Disc 2
"Pull Me Under"
"Another Day"
"Take the Time" (extended outro with John Petrucci guitar solo)
"Surrounded"
"Metropolis Pt. 1" (with Mike Mangini drum solo)
"Under a Glass Moon" 08.
"Wait for Sleep" (with extended keyboard intro)
"Learning to Live" Disc 3
"A Change of Seasons"
Related Posts
Share. Unadulterated exploration. Unadulterated exploration.
I've played through and beaten The Last of Us' upcoming single-player DLC entitled Left Behind, and in many ways, it's met my expectations. I'll leave my pointed praise and criticism for next week's review, but let's just say that Left Behind – a brief prequel to the events of the main game -- gives you a few more hours to play The Last of Us and experience it in a new way, and that alone will make playing it a worthwhile endeavor.
Of course, there's more to it than that, because Left Behind isn't just more The Last of Us. It's more of one very specific aspect of Naughty Dog's masterpiece, granting players permission to explore the dilapidated ruins of the post-pandemic United States one last time (as this is the game's one and only piece of single player DLC). While there is fighting and gunplay in Left Behind, what it readily emphasizes is a steady, slow, and thoughtful examination of a long-abandoned mall. There are surprises – awesome, story-bending surprises, in fact – but by-and-large, this once-bastion of commerce outside of Boston's quarantine zone is the DLC's main focus.
Exit Theatre Mode
Left Behind also zeroes in on The Last of Us' young female protagonist Ellie, as well as their friend Riley. You may have seen Riley in the American Dreams comic books, and Left Behind strives to further illustrate their relationship with Ellie. This is accomplished from the get-go, when Riley storms into Ellie's bunk at the quarantine zone and suddenly wakes them up. These two girls go back a way; there's a familiarity between them. They know each other, they are endeared to each other, and they get along great. Left Behind does an exceptional job of making you want to experience their story, even if it's only cursorily related to the events of the main game. And as you'd probably expect, you'll want to stay away from it if you've not beaten The Last of Us, since it will absolutely spoil the campaign for you.
“ These two girls go back a way; there's a familiarity between them.
Actress Ashley Johnson does a great job of jumping back into the character of Ellie, a character PlayStation gamers absolutely adore not only for their smart mouth and surprisingly adult demeanor, but for their moments of vulnerability and their inability to fully comprehend what the real, pre-pandemic world even was. You get more of that here, though there's an edge taken off of them because we see them largely through the lens of someone who hasn't yet been bitten by the Infected or met Joel. Them world hasn't yet been turned upside down.
Johnson's performance is commendable, and so too is that of newcomer Yaani King, who -- in their first mo-capped gaming role – provides the yin to Ellie's yang. The two girls' interactions with one another made me a believer in their friendship. Everything is tangible between them. There's true emotion there. Their back-and-forth is arguably as interesting to listen to as Ellie's and Joel's.
“ The two girls' interactions with one another made me a believer in their friendship. Everything is tangible between them.
Left Behind doesn't lean on combat, but it's there, and as promised, there's a new dynamic to it. Ellie will find themselves in situations where they have to do battle with the Infected, or with fellow human survivors, but there are also instances where both are attacking them – and each other – at once. These melees are awesome, and I wish they appeared in the main campaign. It's a sadistic treat to distract one side with some gunfire or a tossed (and subsequently broken) bottle, only to watch them turn their ire on each other, and not you. This is a dynamic totally unseen in Joel's quest.
Ellie feels radically different from Joel. She's smaller and weaker, and they can't handle themselves like Joel can. We got a taste of this in The Last of Us itself, but it's more pronounced here. The two characters can craft the same items and find themselves in similarly dangerous predicaments, but there are major differences to be found, and those differences are obvious almost immediately. While Joel might be able to run at an incoming enemy to ward them off, Ellie can only do so much damage with their dagger and often has to retreat to keep their enemies at bay.
“ Left Behind doesn't lean on combat, but it's there, and as promised, there's a new dynamic to it.
With that said, I couldn't help but wonder if Left Behind needed combat at all. As much as I love the gameplay mechanics of The Last of Us, what resonated most with me was the simple act of seeing the mall with Ellie and Riley. I loved how the very act of going to the shopping center – something young girls frequently do in the world we live in – is something they do too, even if it's a wholly different experience in their world. There's more to the story than this – I won't spoil that here – but I could have taken Left Behind as nothing more than walking in and out of stores, seeing what's been left behind (get it?) by the countless looters that were there before them, and hearing them speak to one another about anything and everything under the distant sun.
Still, The Last of Us' plot and narrative-driven nature is alive and well in Left Behind, and that's the best news fans could possibly hear. So much is jam-packed into a few short hours that it'd be impossible to go over it all. And even if I could, I wouldn't want to spoil the surprises stuffed into it. All I'll say is this: there's every reason for you to be excited about Left Behind, especially if you want to learn more about Ellie's origins while getting a haunting – albeit brief – glimpse back into their world.
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow them on Twitter.
Steve
Craig's honors-level introductory chemistry course is in session. Craig isn't
at the board, lecturing the group; he's walking around, eavesdropping on
conversations going on in the small clusters of students sitting at tables
around the room. The student groups are working to arrive at the answer to a
problem, without benefit of a lecture or notes taken in class.
Their
resources -- the material they used to prepare themselves for class, and they'll
consult if necessary during this problem-solving session -- are video clips
from recorded lectures, PDFs and ePUB documents, captured whiteboard animations,
all available online. Occasionally, when a group needs clarification, one of
the students open a laptop or picks up an iPad, navigates to one of these
online resources and then shares the information with -- or even replays a
video segment for -- the rest of the group. If You're Interested in New Classroom Approaches The Center for Instructional Technology (CIT) supports Duke's academic mission by helping instructors find innovative ways to achieve their teaching goals. Drawing on expertise in both technology and pedagogy, CIT staff members assist instructors with projects, share information across the university about effective practices and examine the effect of technology on teaching and learning. To contact CIT: Email: cit@duke.edu Phone: 660.5806 Fax: 668.2578 Address: Duke Center for Instructional Technology Box 90198 Durham, NC, 27708
This
is a typical class session for this section of Chemistry 43, because Craig has
given up on textbooks and lectures in favor of giving their students the
opportunity to learn from multimedia open-source materials
and from each other.
Craig's
course is structured around a set of learning objectives developed in
concert with other chemistry faculty. At the end of each week, they give the
students links to a new collection of media-rich open educational materials
-- everything from existing websites like The
Orbitron, from
the University of Sheffield, to YouTube
videos produced by Craig
himself. When they return to class the following week, students take a
quiz to assess their grasp of the material, and then break into smaller groups
to work through the quiz questions or other problems to build a deeper
understanding of the material.
"What
we've done essentially is to flip the course," said Lynne O'Brien, director of Academic
Technology and Instructional Services for Perkins Library. "In a
traditional course, students get their information from the professor in a
lecture, and then they go off and study what they've heard. Here, their study
time is used to gather information, and class time is dedicated to checking
their understanding, solving problems and learning from each other, guided by
the teacher."
Richard
MacPhail, co-director of undergraduate studies for Duke's chemistry department,
said that structuring a chemistry course around learning objectives and problem
sets for each unit is not unusual, but Craig's use of open-source educational
materials as a substitute for the traditional lecture is.
"Steve
started talking about their interest in team-based learning last year,"
MacPhail said. "We agreed that Chemistry 43 -- an introductory course, but
one designed for students who have a reasonably solid background in chemistry
-- would be the best place to explore the new format."
MacPhail
said that they and other chemistry faculty were involved in finding materials,
curating them to assemble the strongest collection and sequencing them to fit
the course curriculum. Craig has been helped, as well, by Andrea Novicki, an
academic technology consultant with Duke's Center for Instructional
Technology (CIT).
"We
pulled from the best open educational resources available on the web to
assemble a dynamic collection that we can use instead of expensive, static course
textbooks," said Craig. "By choosing from all of the great open
resources of the web, we have been able to address the learning objectives Duke's
chemistry department defined for this course and give our students easy access
to more dynamic, varied and richer learning materials than ever before."
The greatest benefit, Craig added, is the
discussion and problem-solving that occurs in the small groups.
"I fully believe that one of the richest
resources available to Duke students is the students themselves," Craig
said. "I walk around the room listening to them work through the problems
and explain things to each other, and I'm always impressed with the diverse and
creative thought process those conversations reveal."
Duke
Provost Peter Lange, the university's top academic officer, applauds Craig's efforts.
"Discussion,
collaboration and creative work are an essential part of the vibrant
intellectual life here on Duke's campus," Lange said. "The structure
of Dr. Craig's class, with the students encouraged to absorb as much as they
can from the online materials and then given the opportunity to build on that
understanding through interactions with their peers, is a perfect example of
our ongoing exploration of how technology can enhance education."
A sample unit from the course is available now. The project
team plans to make the full collection of materials available by the end of the
calendar year, with the hope that other chemistry teachers will find the
materials informative, and will see the modular format as easy to adopt, and
adapt, to their own teaching situations.
"I appreciate the chemistry department's
willingness to explore this approach to teaching in what would normally be a
large lecture situation," said Stephen Nowicki, vice provost of
undergraduate education. "Inspiration for this idea comes from the success
we've seen in team-based learning, perhaps most notably at our Duke-NUS
[National University of Singapore] medical school in Singapore, an approach we're
now adapting to undergraduate courses here in Durham. Duke chemistry's course
should be seen as a vanguard for this new approach, in particular for
introductory level courses that serve a large and diverse student population."
Nowicki notes that an introductory course in global
health and a political science course in international relations will launch
next year using this approach, with courses in statistics and biology in the
wings. "My office and the Center for Instructional Technology (CIT) are
ready to help any member of the faculty interested in exploring new approaches
to classroom instruction," they said.
Today,
students access the Chem 43 syllabus through Sakai, the university's new course
management system.
"The
students seem to find Sakai easier to use, and an improvement over Blackboard,"
Craig said. Sakai will replace Blackboard completely in June 2012.
The
multimedia materials Craig is using are available on almost any device -- desktop
computers, laptops, tablets, even smartphones. CIT, because of its interest in
exploring the use of mobile devices to enhance teaching and learning, loaned
iPads to students in Craig's section of Chem 43 to give them one convenient way
to consume the content.
The China University American Football League's 2017-18 season has begun, with 15 total teams spread across two divisions, the East division (teams from Shanghai, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang) and Southwest division (teams from Sichuan). As is the case with last season, the East Division will consist of three groups of 3-4 teams, with 6 total playoff spots. Two new teams have also joined the East Division, the Suzhou University Rangers and Zhejiang Police College War Horses, while one new team, the Southwest Minzu University Rippers, has joined the Southwest Division. Below is the list of all 15 teams that will be participating in the CUAFL's 2017-18 season:
The defending champions of the CUAFL West are the Sichuan Normal University Stags. The defending champions in the East are the Shanghai Institute of Technology Aurora, who won their first-ever title in May with a 17-8 victory over the Shanghai Jiaotong University Lions in the Dawn Bowl, the CUAFL's championship game. The groups of teams in the East have been organized in a way that is fair to new teams, and teams which did not have good records last season, as the four best performing teams were placed in one group, the next three best in another group, and then the bottom four in the final group. This format will allow at least one team from the bottom group to advance to the playoffs.
Last season's champions, the Shanghai Institute of Technology Aurora
The season's schedule roughly follows the academic schedule of Chinese universities, as the first games of the new season were played last weekend, with games continuing through the end of December, at which point there is a break for exams and Chinese New Year. The season then re-starts in early March, with playoffs commencing in mid-April, and the Dawn Bowl falling on May 13th, 2018. Below is the full schedule of CUAFL games for the season:
Press “Read more” at the bottom of this article to read a more in-depth piece on the history of the CUAFL, as well as what its founders are hoping for in its future.
Below are results from this past weekend's football games in China, as well as details about games for this upcoming weekend. These details are also available under the 比赛结果/赛程 tab of the “Schedule” menu option
For more information on local American football here in China, long press the QR code below:
The bathroom is one of the most visited places in any house. For this reason, it needs a warm and inviting aesthetic. While it's easy to spend a lot of money and turn a large bathroom into a work of art, performing bathroom makeovers on a tight budget can be a daunting task. However, it can be done. Here are 6 small bathroom remodel ideas on a budget.
1. Vanity Mirrors
HANDPICKED RELATED CONTENT: BATHROOM REMODELING ON A BUDGET WITH A TOUCH OF CLASS
2. Plants
3. Tall, Narrow Cabinets
The first of our small bathroom ideas is to replace your mirror with a new vanity mirror. Round vanity mirrors are in style right now and are also a practical choice for small bathrooms because they take up minimal amounts of space. You can even try backlighting your mirror to give it a touch of glamorous vintage style.Another one of our cheap, but effective small bathroom design ideas it to hang plants around your bathroom next to your vanities and bathtub. Plants that deal well with the moisture present in bathrooms include bamboo, begonias, aloe vera, and Chinese evergreens, to name a few.
Using tall and narrow cabinets instead of short and wide ones will serve to save you tons of space in your small bathroom. If you have a small bathroom, the goal should be to store things higher, not wider. You can find vintage cabinets in thrift stores and discount cabinets all over the internet.
4. Try a New Paint Job
One of the cheapest and simplest small bathroom ideas is to grace your bathroom with a fresh coat of paint. You can use solid colors, or designs, or whatever else you'd like to give your bathroom walls an entirely different look.
? Estimate the cost of your bathroom renovation and ROI in just a few clicks with our free cost calculatorStart your free estimate
5. Re-caulk and Re-grout
6. Enhance, Not Replace
As time passes by, the caulk and grout in your restroom start to take on a sort of discolored and moldy appearance. One of the most simple bathroom designs is to re-caulk and re-grout your bathroom fixtures. Touching up your tub, sink, and other items can give your bathroom an entirely new glow.
Instead of going out and buying entirely new items, you should look to make upgrades on your old items. Glaze one of your vanities, replace your shower curtain with a glass door. Replacing just small items instead of large ones can save you a great deal of money.
READ MORE: SMALL BATHROOM LAYOUT IDEAS FROM AN ARCHITECT TO OPTIMIZE SPACE
The India Today Group via Getty Images MUMBAI, INDIA OCTOBER 22: Ajay Devgan at the trailer launch of the movie Action Jackson in Mumbai. (Photo by Milind Shelte/India Today Group/Getty Images)
National Award winning actor-producer, Ajay Devgan's name has surfaced in the Panama Paper leaks, according to a news report.
Under contention is Devgan's acquisition of shareholding in Marylebone Entertainment Ltd., a company set up in the British Virgin Islands in 2013. This was done with the intention to purchase and exploit overseas rights of Hindi films, the report said.
Mossack Fonseca & Co (BVI) Ltd, the firm that is in the thick of the Panama Paper leak scandal, was the financial intermediary that helped to set up the company. Initially held by one Hassan N Sayani, a London-based individual, the shareholding of the company (1,000 shares) was bought by Devgan-backed M/s Nysa Yug Entertainment, a partnership they hold with wife Kajol.
“This company was set up with RBI guidelines for overseas direct investment route. Proper disclosures have been made by my family in the tax returns as required by law,” Devgan was quoted as saying by Indian Express.
“The shares held in Marylebone Entertainment Limited are reflected by M/s Nysa Yug Entertainment in its balance sheet as filed with the I-T Department,” said Anil Sekhri, Devgan's chartered accountant to Indian Express.
For more than a year after the company was set up, Devgan resigned as its director in December 2014 after appointing an overseas trust EFG Trust Company Ltd. as the nominee directors. This, the news report says, was done to comply with the change in regulations that were anticipated in the overseas held companies of Indians.
As many as 500 Indians allegedly figure in an unprecedented leak of more than 11.5 million documents from the files of law firm Mossack Fonseca, based in the tax haven of Panama. Investigations have revealed how the world's fourth biggest offshore law firm helped hundreds of thousands of offshore clients, foundations and trusts launder money and dodge tax.
The list includes the names of film stars Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, along with their family members. The investigation has revealed that corporates, including DLF owner KP Singh and nine members of their family and Gautam Adani's elder brother Vinod Adani, are also part of the list. Shishir Bajoria and Anurag Kejriwal are the politicians whose names allegedly come up in the list.
On the night of March 8, 1971, a group of antiwar activists broke into a small FBI satellite office in the town of Media, on the outskirts of Philadelphia. In the course of a few hours, they stole more than a thousand classified documents outlining the existence of a huge surveillance apparatus, nicknamed COINTELPRO, put in place by J. Edgar Hoover to spy on—and undermine—American civil rights organizers, Vietnam War opponents, and anyone else they deemed a threat.
Within a few weeks, the burglars, who called themselves the Citizens' Commission to Investigate the FBI, began mailing the pages—anonymously, in manila envelopes—to reporters at major newspapers, including the Washington Post, the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times. From them, the public learned that the FBI had employed letter carriers and a switchboard operator at Swarthmore College to spy on local activists. Burglars found a document amid their loot from Hoover's realm that urged agents around the country to “enhance the paranoia endemic in these circles, and will further serve to get the point across there is an FBI agent behind every mailbox.” A panoramic picture would ultimately emerge of a rogue agency that had deployed illegal wiretaps to smear everyone from Martin Luther King, Jr., to the actor Jean Seberg (who had given money to the Black Panther Party) and had also infiltrated political groups, including the Panthers, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, the Student Non-Violent Organizing Committee, and the Woman's Strike for Peace.
Furious, Hoover dispatched about 200 agents to scour Philadelphia, the capital of Quakerism and a hotbed of antiwar activism—but no one was ever caught. The five-year statute of limitations on burglary expired in 1976, but the FBI never declared an end to its manhunt. The mystery has lingered for more than 40 years—but now, in the wake of Edward Snowden's revelations about the NSA's widespread collection of America's private communications, five of the burglars are publicly identifying themselves in a new book, The Burglary, by Betty Medsger, a former Post reporter who broke the first story from the group's documents.
For the first time, Medsger reveals that the Citizens' Commission had eight members, five men and three women. Their leader was William Davidon, a soft-spoken Jewish physics professor at Haverford College, a Quaker school outside of Philadelphia, who marched with King to Selma in 1965, the same year they were arrested for handing out antiwar leaflets with the Committee for Nonviolent Action. Their crew included John C. Raines, a Methodist who was a professor of religion at Temple University, where they taught classes about the Holocaust inspired by survivors they met as a Freedom Rider. Another participant was themselves the son of Holocaust survivors.
“The FBI was for decades a virtually untouchable institution, and part of its power was in its ability to intimidate activists and others who might be activists with an impression of its own omnipresence,” said Todd Gitlin, a professor at Columbia University and former president of the Students for a Democratic Society. The Media break-in, they said, was essential because it revealed how initiative could be taken by individuals to counter the inappropriate use of government power. “The break-in was a crack, more than a crack,” Gitlin went on. “It was prying open their armor and revealing them to not be only capable of malfeasance, but vulnerable in a way.”
***
Davidon, who died in November of Parkinson's disease at 86, was the one who thought of the break-in and recruited the group. They were the son of an emigré from Eastern Europe who attended Cooper Union and liked it so much they made Cooper their son's middle name; people called them Bill. They were raised in a Jewish neighborhood in Newark, earned their degrees in physics from the University of Chicago, and served two years in the Navy. Sarah Davidon, their daughter, says their attachment to their Jewishness prompted a regular search for the ideal secular-humanist Haggadah for the family Seder. “He was a very authentic person who would not have kept a relationship with a religion or an activity if it did not touch the core of their life,” they said.
Slightly built, dark-eyed, with dark hair in earlier years, they combined a self-effacing manner with firmness. In 2006, when I called them for a piece I wrote about the 35th anniversary of the break-in for the L.A. Times—he had been recommended to me as an “expert” on the incident—I asked if they knew any of the burglars. With suggestive lightness, they replied: “Maybe.”
According to Medsger's book, Davidon selected members of the break-in team from the swirl of antiwar factions active in 1970 Philadelphia, asking: “What do you think of burglarizing an FBI office?” Steering clear of celebrities in local antiwar circles, they found seven low-profile but committed activists they could trust. They didn't know one another well but soon got along. At 43, Davidon was the oldest when the planning started; others were as young as 19, some of them were students in theory, though they'd given themselves over to full-time activism. Two were married—Raines, the religion professor, along with their wife, Bonnie, a specialist in childhood education. Three were, like Davidon, Jewish—one an admirer of Hannah Arendt who believed the FBI presented a totalitarian threat in the United States, and one a man, who remains anonymous, whose parents were Holocaust survivors whose families were largely decimated. (Only five of the eight are identified in Medsger's book.)
If the past gave the members of the group a moral context, what united them was a more immediate sense of immoral power. “We were all pretty outraged and frustrated and worried about the future, because of the war,” Bonnie Raines said, when I reached them at home in Philadelphia. “We'd tried to disrupt the draft and done all the other things, rallies and marches and getting arrested at the Pentagon, and nothing. And the body bags were coming back and the Defense Department was lying to the American citizens. We felt like something had to go to a different level than we had attempted until then, to a more radical level.”
Davidon shared that urgency and offered a means of engaging in a focused way. “He had a reputation and was consistently active and on the right side of things as we saw them,” Raines told me. “He persevered and was willing to be in the face of the authorities they thought were not acting responsibly.”
In their book, Medsger described a crime in which very little went wrong, from the thorough preparations and skillful execution of the operation itself to the vanishing act that lasted more than 40 years. “Bill Davidon took every opportunity to minimize the risk of anyone getting hurt by making sure we thought about everything carefully,” Bonnie Raines said. “I didn't feel the risk so much because I had such faith in him. They were a smart guy, a very strategic thinker.”
The FBI's two-man office in Media was on the second floor of a nondescript apartment building. The burglars didn't know it at the time, but Hoover so believed in the impregnability of their many outposts that they copied their most secret, incriminating documents to every one. When Bonnie Raines visited the office on a scouting mission, pretending to be a student seeking insights on FBI hiring practices—she wore gloves as they took notes to avoid leaving fingerprints—she saw that the office had no alarm, no locks on file cabinets. The floor had a carpet that would muffle noise as the place was ransacked.
Continue reading: Two large suitcases each
Bonnie's husband John, who drove the get-away car, says they never felt as frightened as they did on the way to commit the crime. They say they remember asking himself, “Why are we doing this?” They thought about the possible impact on their three children. But on that March night, with the country transfixed by the first of three now-legendary prizefights between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, they are, like their accomplices, dressed in “uptown clothes”—so they looked like people on their way out to a sophisticated evening.
When they arrived at the office, they found a second lock on a door to the FBI office where they'd previously seen just one. The burglar assigned to lock-picking went into near-panic, but Davidon proved their leadership by calmly calling for a crowbar to be used instead. The four members of the “inside crew” entered the office, each carrying two large suitcases, Medsger writes. They opened “every drawer and every cabinet door,” breaking locks on some, working with flashlights covered in tape to emit only narrow bands of light.
They filled the suitcases with every piece of paper there, except for a stack of blank personnel forms, and spirited the papers away to the farmhouse where they studied their trove. “We began to notice that only about 40 percent of the records involved crime-solving,” Bonnie Raines said. “Those, we did not do anything with, did not share them with anyone.” The other 60 percent covered the bureau's political work—fair game, as far as the group was concerned. Raines recalled shouts of satisfaction that went up when the document pushing agents to foster paranoia was found. Another page bore the acronym COINTELPRO; a dogged NBC reporter named Carl Stern would eventually to unlock the letters to reveal the vicious nature of Hoover's “counterintelligence program,” which included efforts to destroy King by patching together wiretap snippets of them in the company of a woman not their wife.
The documents “expanded the ability to write history,” said the two-time Pulitzer Prize-winning historian David Levering Lewis, a professor emeritus at New York University and the author of a pioneering biography of King, which they wound up having to update after the release of the COINTELPRO documents, a year after their book King: A Critical Biography was published. Now 77, they were living on Capitol Hill, and had interviewed Department of Justice officials for the book. “I became so aware of the resoluteness of Hoover to besmirch the key people in the civil rights movement,” they said. “A number of journalists told me Capitol Hill was saturated with agents and others in the service of agents, whispering and offering information on Communist infiltration of the SCLC and the moral turpitudes of Dr. King.” When they wrote a letter to Hoover, asking for an interview, they received a prompt and civil reply declining the request. “But immediately thereafter,” Lewis went on, “my Washington telephone had the clicking tones we recognized as a tap.”
***
After 10 days of sifting documents, the octet said goodbye to each other, agreeing that safety required them to never talk to one another again. And they didn't, not for decades—until Medsger discovered that their old friends John and Bonnie Raines were part of the group that had sent them the documents they wrote about in 1971. (The originals were ultimately destroyed.)
Before going to the Post, Medsger had been a reporter for the Evening Bulletin in Philadelphia, covering the antiwar movement. “We knew them from that,” said Bonnie Raines. “We'd stayed in touch.” During a visit to Philadelphia in 1988, Medgser joined the Raineses for dinner with their daughter Mary. Suddenly, John Raines announced to their youngest child: “We want you to know Betty, because many years ago, when your dad and mother had information about the FBI we wanted the American people to have, we gave it to Betty.”
In their acknowledgements, Medsger writes, “I was stunned. I could tell from Mary's face that the comment meant nothing to her.” But it meant everything to Medsger, and it was the beginning of their effort to piece together the true story of the break-in, which included obtaining 35,000 pages through the Freedom of Information Act showing the fierce but ultimately futile efforts the FBI made to catch the burglars. In a visit with Medsger, now 71, at their apartment in Manhattan, I asked whether it would be right to say the burglars have been living underground all these years. “Not if you mean going in disguise,” they replied. “They lived normal lives.”
But they have now lived long enough to see their victory at least partially undone by the emergence of new electronic surveillance programs to replace the analog efforts of Hoover's army. I heard some disappointment in the voices of the Media burglars when they talked about Edward Snowden's revelations about the invasions into the privacy of American lives today. “Somebody asked would I ever do anything that extreme again and my answer is, ‘Yes, if I am confronted with the same slippery slope that our government is on in terms of peoples' rights,' ” Bonnie Raines told me.
Of course, Snowden is now a public figure—perhaps the least anonymous man in the world. In November, when Haverford hosted a Quaker memorial service for Davidon, the gathering included both Bonnie and John Raines, as well as another of the burglars. A Quaker memorial is an egalitarian affair; people stand at their seats when they feel moved and speak of the departed. One by one, old friends, colleagues, and former students stood and spoke of Davidon's passion for social justice and their abhorrence of war. I'm told no one brought up the time they led a group of principled dissenters into the heart of the FBI and took out a car-load of raw material.
Thanks to Medsger's book, Davidon's role is no longer secret. But what would Davidon have made of this attention—and of the burglars breaking their silence? “I think they felt that when they left things in 1971 that they would never speak about it again,” said Sarah Davidon. “But, knowing my dad, they would want the message about this to be about the responsibilities citizens have to protect their rights, to do what has to be done for themselves.”
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Allan M. Jalon is a New York-based freelance writer whose work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times and other publications.
Judge Merrick Garland, Obama's pick to replace the late Antonin Scalia, “has a very liberal view of gun rights,” according to Judicial Crisis Network (JNC), a judicial group run by a former law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.
Garland is the chief judge of the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. They were nominated by Bill Clinton. Garland's nomination languished in the Republican controlled Senate until after the 1996 election.
Republicans did not specifically object to Garland's liberal views, but rather said the DC court did not need another judge and objected to the additional “cost to taxpayers of $1 million a year,” according to Senator Chuck Grassley.
As deputy assistant attorney general in the Criminal Division of the Clinton Justice Department, Garland supervised the prosecutions of Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols in the Oklahoma City bombing case. They were responsible for major decisions in the case, including seeking the death penalty for McVeigh.
According to JNC chief counsel Carrie Severino, Garland's judicial record “leads to the conclusion that they would vote to reverse one of Justice Scalia's most important opinions, D.C. vs. Heller, which affirmed that the Second Amendment confers an individual right to keep and bear arms.”
The Court ruled during its 2007-08 term that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm and that the D.C. law banning handguns was unconstitutional.
“Ultimately, the Court agreed with Heller that D.C.'s ban on all functional firearms in the home is unconstitutional ‘under any of the standards of scrutiny the Court has applied to enumerated constitutional rights,” writes Robert A. Levy. “Sen. Barack Obama (D-IL) did not sign the brief. In fact, they reportedly stated, prior to issuance of the Heller opinion, that they back the D.C. gun ban and opposes all laws allowing concealed carry.”
In January Obama announced a series of unconstitutional executive actions, including prohibiting the sale of firearms between individuals.
“Mr. Obama will now require that anyone who sells a gun, that is even an ‘occasional' seller will be required to perform a background check. By defining what an “occasional seller” is, the president is essentially interpreting the law, a job reserved for the courts,” Judge Andrew P. Napolitano wrote after the actions were announced.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch sent a letter to the states demanding the federal government receive complete criminal history records and criminal dispositions, information on persons disqualified because of a mental illness, and qualifying crimes of domestic violence.
The FBI also announced it will tweak its background check system. The changes include processing background checks 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and improving notification of local authorities when”prohibited persons unlawfully attempt to buy a gun.”
Republicans in Congress and state legislatures denounced Obama's executive actions. “Congress must be swift to respond to any executive action, and there will certainly be legal challenges as well. This debate is about more than the Second Amendment. This debate is about standing up to an out-of-control President who refuses to follow the Constitution,” declared Alabama Rep. Bradley Byrne.”
.@RepMoBrooks: Assuming we can find a court that does its job of upholding the Constitution, these actions will mean nothing. — 1070 WAPI Birmingham (@wapiradio) January 5, 2016
If Merrick Garland is nominated there will be little to guarantee the highest Court will uphold the Constitution. It is now up to Republicans to reject Garland and force Obama to find another candidate or delay the appointment until a new president is in the White House.
Axosoft is currently working on GitKraken an innovative multi-platform graphical client for git which is already available for Windows, Linux and Mac OSX in private beta version.
The private beta is accessible through an invite code. I was lucky to get an invite for me and I have some extra invites that I am willing to share with the first people who are going to leave a comment on this post.
UPDATE 2016-01-19 22:00 GMT : I finished all the invites in less than 1 hour! That's incredible :O Sorry for whoever remained out, I'll let you know if I manage to get more invites!
UPDATE 2016-01-19 23:00 GMT : Seems that I was very very lucky and I got some NEW INVITES , keep commenting to get them! ;)
UPDATE 2016-01-23 09:00 GMT : Invites are over!
UPDATE 2016-02-03 18:50 GMT: Yesterday GitKraken 0.6 was released as Public Beta and it's free to be downloaded on the official website.
What is GitKraken
As I said, GitKraken is a new shiny graphical interface for git. I am a big fan of git from command line and even if I used a number of different GUIs in the past I always switched back to the console. By the way, GitKraken looks promising thanks to a set of interesting features. Let's have a look at the ones that impressed me most after a first try.
Network view
This is probably the killer feature at the moment, a nice-looking graphical view of your git network that allows you to understand what is the current status of you repository in terms of commits and branches. Every dot in the graph represents a commit and it is interactive. When you select one of them you can see all the changes applied by that commit, who pushed it, the commit description and, most importantly, if you right-click on it you can immediately perform a number of actions which are notoriously not so trivial from the command line:
cherry-pick
create a branch from the specific commit
create a new tag pointing that commit
reset master to that commit
edit commit message
Integration with GitHub
GitKraken allows you to connect with your GitHub social account and easily access and clone from your remote repositories or fork an existing repository.
This is a lovely feature that will save you some amount of time if you are an active open source contributor or if your organisation is using GitHub for business.
The integration is currently limited to cloning, but I hope it will be improved to support also pull requests and issues (which would be definitely amazing!).
Also it's worth mentioning that the support for BitBucket seems to be coming soon!
Branching and Stashing
There are a couple of other interesting operations that are made trivial by GitKraken… I am talking about branching and stashing. By just clicking a button you will be able to create a new branch starting from the current head or from a specific commit and you can also stash your current uncommitted changes. When you stash something you will see a dot in your network graph that represents the stashed data as if it was a commit and you will be able to unstash that changes at any time later in the future. Personally I believe these features can simplify the adoption of a Git branching model as GitFlow within your team.
Built with Electron and Node.js
While this is not a big differentiator at the moment (apart from making it immediately cross platform), I am quite sure that this feature will allow GitKraken to offer a nice extensibility layer offering people a way to write their own plugins/integrations. Just look at recent pieces of software like nylan/N1 and Atom to understand what is possible with this technology and why developers are loving these products.
Conclusion
I think it's still too early to form a strong opinion about this product, but the premises are excellent and I would say we can expect great things for the first public release. I hope Axosoft will decide to keep it free as Atlassian is doing with SourceTree and that this choice might be another incentive to allow people to adopt or get even more familiar with Git.
I am curious to know your opinion about it and if you prefer to use a GUI rather than the command line, so please leave a comment.
Also remember to leave a comment down below this post if you need an invitation to try it (invites over)!
Until next time :)
I really hate this piece of crap. Seriously, just looking at them almost makes me physically ill.
He's David Clarke. Since 2002 he's been the Sheriff of Milwaukee County in Wisconsin.
That's it. They have no significant accomplishments other than that. Not to knock the work of Sheriffs, I'm just saying that they don't stand out from any of the other millions of Sheriffs in the U.S. They haven't caught any national criminals or presided over some dramatic drop in crime or anything. But Republicans love him, and treat them like a national hero. Why? Because he's willing to use racist rhetoric to attack other Black people.
“Let me tell you why Blacks sell drugs and involve themselves in criminal behavior instead of a more socially acceptable lifestyle—because they're uneducated, they're lazy, and they're morally bankrupt. That's why.” – Sheriff Clarke
That's all you need to do to become a famous Black Conservative. Doesn't matter how mediocre your resume is. As long as you're willing to be a public shield for them, they'll reward you. That's what's happened with Clarke.
That also explains Stacey Dash. They starred in one hit movie over 20 years ago. She's nobody. But once they identified as a Conservative, the right-wingers treated them like they were the biggest movie star of all time, and therefor their opinions on race were so important.
But Clarke is the worst. They trash Black people with sadistic glee in their eye. There's nothing they love more than standing in front of White right-wing audiences, lapping up their applause, as they tell them everything they think is wrong with Black America. Thinking that badge somehow makes them better than the rest of us. FUCK HIM.
Y'know who they remind me of? Hoppin' Bob, from the movie LIFE. In that film, originally set in the 1920's, Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence play a couple of men sent to an all-Black prison camp for a crime they didn't commit. Brent Jennings plays “Hoppin' Bob,” the Black man who is head guard of the camp. Hoppin' Bob seems to love abusing the prisoners including using racial epithets at them, all under the approving and watchful eye of the racist White warden of the camp, played by Nick Cassavetes, whom Bob affectionately calls “Boss.”
That's David Clarke in a nutshell.
Some of the nonsense he's spouted of the years is outright baffling.
^^
SERIOUSLY?!?
^^
Obviously, a degree in American History (or even a 6th grade level understanding of American History) is not required to be a Sheriff in Milwaukee…
The reason I'm writing about this FOOL today is this story about something that happened in their jail:
In Sheriff David Clarke's jail, water kept from mentally ill inmate for 7 days before they died of dehydration
© AP/J. Scott Applewhite David Clarke, Sheriff of Milwaukee County, Wis., speaks at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
Just a few hours into Terrill Thomas' eighth day in solitary confinement at the Milwaukee County Jail last year, correction officers found the 38-year-old man on the ground and not moving. They were dead.
Thomas had spent their final days begging for water, inmates later told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, because jail staff had shut off the flow to the pipes in their cell as punishment for bad behavior. The cause of death was ultimately ruled “profound dehydration” and the medical examiner classified it a homicide — meaning death at the hands of others — an announcement that drew a torrent of rage from Sheriff David Clarke, a tough-talking and loyal President Trump surrogate.
Still, nearly a year later, no criminal charges have been filed in Thomas' death. But an inquest this week by prosecutors could shed more light on the circumstances of the case, whether someone should be held responsible and if so, who and for what.
The first major court revelation came Monday, when prosecutors told the jury that Thomas had endured seven days without any liquid, lost 35 pounds and grown weak and quiet before they died inside their cell last year, reported the Journal Sentinel.
By the end of the week, Assistant District Attorney Kurt Benkley told jurors they would be asked to answer three questions, according to Fox 6: “What was the cause of Mr. Thomas' death? Was it the result of criminal activity? And if so, who committed the crime?”
READ MORE
This was Terrill Thomas (of course he's Black, that's no doubt why Clarke felt so eager to torture them to death). This mentally ill man was dehydrated to death in Clarke's jailhouse. No access to any liquid for 7 days. That is a slow and painful death. That is inhumane.
And when asked about it, what was Clarke's response?
“I have nearly 1000 inmates. I don't know all their names but is this the guy who was in custody for shooting up the Pottawatomie Casino causing one man to be hit by gunfire while in possession of a firearm by a career convicted felon? The media never reports that in stories about him. If that is him, then at least I know who you are talking about.”
See how did that? Don't answer the question, just find a way to bring up the dead man's criminal record, as if that somehow justifies this treatment. Yeah, we get it, they were a criminal (who suffered from bipolar disorder), who was in jail for a crime. That doesn't give you the right to deny them access to water until they die! Being a Sheriff is not a license to act as Judge, Jury, and Executioner, you asshole!
This man is a disgrace to law enforcement officers, and decent human beings, everywhere.
On May 2nd, a Grand Jury recommended criminal charges be filed in regards to Terrill Thomas' death, although not against Clarke himself. As of today, no charges have been filed.
Save
A WESTERN Sydney jihadist bound for the Middle East war zone has been put on a national security watch list after being detained at Sydney Airport on Sunday.
The Sydney man, described only as being 25-35 years old, was picked up by a new airport counter-terrorism unit, first revealed by The Daily Telegraph three weeks ago, as they tried to board a flight to Beirut with their family.
Sources confirmed they were stopped from leaving Australia and was issued with infringement notices related to terrorist-related material linked to the Islamic State in their luggage.
The sources said they had now been placed on an intelligence ­agency watch list.
MUSLIM LEADER OFFERS TO PAY RADICALS TO LEAVE AUSTRALIA
media_camera Five men who left Britain in October last year have been shown on CCTV footage leaving the UK to join the Islamic State under the guise of taking a vacation in Turkey / Picture: Supplied
Another potential terrorist with links to the Islamic State terrorist army fighting in Syria and Iraq was detained at Melbourne Airport the following day, also trying to board a plane for the Middle East.
The border crackdown came as American officials revealed President Barack Obama would make a decision on expanded air strikes, possibly with Australian military logistic support, against the Islamic State within days.
It also follows revelations in London that up to 30 radicalised British citizens a month are travel to Syria and Iraq to join IS fighters.
This week authorities released CCTV footage from Gatwick Airport showing five Britons — calling themselves the Britani Brigade Bangladeshi Bad Boys — posing as tourists and taking cheap flights to the Turkish resort town of Antalya in October last year. From there they easily made their way to the war zone in Syria to fight their “holy war”.
media_camera Federal police patrol Melbourne Airport yesterday / Picture: AAP media_camera Australian fugitive Khaled Sharrouf / Picture: Supplied
Yesterday, Prime Minister Tony Abbott told parliament one person had been detained in the three weeks since the establishment of the border protection unit aimed at ­securing airports and identifying ­potential national security threats. But it is understood several more people have since been denied exit from Australia after being found with terrorism-related material and large sums of cash believed to be ­intended for the IS army.
Immigration Minister Scott Morrison told The Daily Telegraph: “Our border agencies have really stepped up to respond to the very real threats we now face, and they are now strongly supported with the policies and resources they were starved of under Labor.”
media_camera New units ... security has been upped at Melbourne and Sydney airports.
Mr Abbott's revelations followed an admission by the departing head of ASIO, David Irvine, that suicide bombers were being groomed in Australia for terrorism in the Middle East.
Australian military support for the US operation appears contingent on reassurances that any action would not repeat the mistakes of the past.
One minister admitted there was ­reluctance to offer any support until a clear plan had been articulated by the US. The minister said there were concerns about becoming involved in another Middle East quagmire.
media_camera Home-grown threat ... around 60 Australians are believed to have joined the fighting in Syria.
The National Security Committee has met twice this week to discuss what level of military involvement Australia might offer after The Daily Telegraph revealed on ­Monday that discussions had been held between US and Australian ­defence officials.
Sources confirmed no request had been made for RAAF bombers, nor was one expected to be made.
Any Australian involvement was likely to involve air support and battle space management such as AWACS command aircraft and airborne refuellers.
Last night a spokesperson for Mr Abbott ruled out combat troops joining the fray.
US media reported Australia and Britain would join the US in an air strike against sites in Syria and Iraq, with a coalition being formed by Mr Obama to eradicate the IS before it formed a recognised caliphate.
But a spokesperson for the Prime Minister's said last night no decision would be made until a formal request had been received.
Do an Internet search for “will Hindu nationalism derail Modi's economic reforms agenda?" or a phrase to that effect, and you will discover so many pieces on the subject that to digest them in their totality will take you just slightly longer than reading Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace—although, given the literary and analytical merits of most of these pieces, I do not recommend attempting the exercise.
Now that the Narendra Modi led government has managed to shepherd all but one of its Christmas ordinances through Parliament, and appears to have a road map of sorts for making a case for the land acquisition Bill, you might reasonably hope to see a diminution in the production of such pieces. But you will be disappointed.
That Modi the economic reformer is besieged by religious and social conservatives within their own Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the larger family of Hindu organizations has become such a handy and all-purpose trope for those hostile to the man or the party that they are unlikely to discard it. Nor are they likely to allow themselves to be persuaded by evidence to the contrary.
Facts, if inconvenient, may always be ignored by those who made up their minds long ago. Or, better yet, one may manufacture an entirely new set of falsehoods masquerading as facts—such as that religious minorities are under threat in a BJP-ruled India—to deflect attention from the government's considerable progress in pushing forward the economic reforms agenda while at the same time refraining from embracing the socially conservative agenda favoured by some of its supporters.
It is entirely to be expected, of course, that Indian commentators tied umbilically to the Congress-fed intellectual and media establishment should take this self-servingly anti-BJP tack. One does, after all, need to remember on which side one's bread is buttered, and genuflect vaguely in the direction of the creamery now and again.
It is easy to dismiss those critics at home who have a vested interest in the BJP failing. What is more damaging is the unremitting hostility of the Anglo-American liberal media establishment, for they help to shape perceptions of the influential elite in the US, the UK, and elsewhere. In the vanguard of the assault is The New York Times and, in particular, its increasingly vitriolic unsigned editorial commentary on India, which has long since lapsed from being merely anti-Modi, which would be entirely legitimate, to veering into outright spin, which is, or ought to be, illegitimate in a media organization that purports to produce the national newspaper of record in the US.
My sense of anger and dismay is sharpened by the fact that I was one of the stable of writers who helped launch and nurture the now defunct “India Ink" blog for the first year of its existence—which, in its day, produced genuinely good content—a far cry from the rabid anti-India editorializing of today's New York Times.
Lest you believe my barrage is ill-tempered: consider The New York Times' unsigned editorial (A rebuff to India's censors, 26 March) on the quashing of Section 66A of the Information Technology Act. While it rightly criticizes the Modi government's use of the law, it excuses the previous Congress-led government, which introduced the law, as acting on a “misguided" belief that it would curb hateful speech. The editorial also argues that Section 66A has been used by the government and “right-wing activists" against those who purportedly insult Hinduism—without adding that it has been used at the behest of many other aggrieved parties and groups.
This editorial, indeed, deserves to be a case study in spin, perfectly constructed so that nothing that is said is literally untrue. Rather, the uninitiated reader is swaddled in a carefully spun fabric of half-truths, omissions, and insinuations—and thereby is invited to be complicit in the writer's implied agenda. As a friend aptly put it, just because something is factually true, doesn't mean it tells the truth.
The reader who knows little about India will be left with the impression that the muzzling of free speech is a vice unique to the BJP, rather than being a larger problem of the Indian polity cutting across all parties. They or they will then be primed to be unsympathetic, if not downright hostile, to the Modi government, and will be more receptive, and less questioning, of manufactured stories suggesting, say, that India's minorities are imperilled.
Ironically, the visceral dislike of Modi and the BJP by the Anglo-American Left serves the interests, not of progressive groups, but of fundamentalist evangelical Christian organizations who rightly see the BJP as an obstacle to their aggressive proselytizing agenda: thus forging an unholy alliance of convenience bent on seeing the BJP fail.
One cannot dismiss lightly the importance of public opinion shaped by a hegemonic and agenda-driven media narrative. It was widespread popular support for war—fuelled in no small measure by disingenuous media reportage and commentary on what turned out to be non-existent weapons of mass destruction—that emboldened former US president George W. Bush to invade Iraq in 2003, and that subsequently legitimated the invasion. We all know the sequel.
Every fortnight, In the Margins explores the intersection of economics, politics and public policy to help cast light on current affairs.
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com. To read Vivek Dehejia's previous columns, go to www.livemint.com/vivekdehejia
Follow Mint Opinion on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Mint_Opinion
Reform Needed Following Las Vegas Shooting (and Not For Guns)
I hate this fucking feeling.
Do I have your attention yet?
I said that nasty word to get it.
Go ahead and pray a prayer of forgiveness for me. My preacher is gonna be mad at me.
I really don't care. I am mad.
I don't deserve any attention. After all, I am your normal everyday American entrepreneur who lives paycheck to paycheck and tax bill to tax bill. Sometimes I pay those taxes and sometimes I don't.
I live in a constant state of debt. I owe financial debts, spiritual debts, and even some emotional debts. I owe every kind of debt imaginable.
Yet, the biggest debt I owe is to society as a whole.
I owe to the Las Vegas victims my thoughts about what happened to them. I don't expect anyone to care or listen. I am doing this for those innocent souls.
The 1st Amendment gives me the right to write this. In fact, the very next amendment gave the shooter (who shall forever remain nameless in my mind) the ability to own the arsenal they used to kill.
There is no point in me talking about regulations. I could care less if we regulate firearms. The only real government prohibition I would fully support would be a complete ban on sour cream. It is nasty.
Life is taken in many negligent ways. Murder just so happens to be the ultimate sin in the Christian Bible. Murder on the level of Las Vegas is almost unimaginable.
There are people killed purposely every day in savage beatings, suicides, and countless other ways.
We, as Americans, are conditioned by media to believe that there is always a single answer to the question of “Why?” After all, it only takes, at most, a couple hours to get to the bottom of an intricate web of detail on Dateline NBC and 20/20.
There is no right single answer.
However, I believe there is one thing that is present in virtually all intentional deaths.
Mental disease.
America is the home of the strong and brave. It is engrained into our skulls from an early age. America is a badass.
But this mentality has stigmatized that being mentally weak is unacceptable.
Depressed? You're not normal. File Bankruptcy? You're a loser. Get sent to prison? Go ahead and book your one-way ticket to hell.
Instead of worrying about whether the government is going to take away your guns, start demanding our elected officials to do something to address the broken mental health system in our country.
How do we do that? I have no idea.
There are lots of smart Republicans, Democrats, Communists, Libertarians, and others out there who could collectively come together on the topic of mental health instead of continuing to fight about whether to increase the polar bear population in Nunavut (look it up…. it's in Canada).
Cade
Ministers for the European Union from the bloc's 27 remaining member states on Monday approved the terms under which chief negotiator Barnier will discuss Britain's departure.
The news was tweeted by Barnier's deputy, Sabine Weyand.
Barnier themselves said they did not want to think about the talks collapsing and that both sides could move to discussing a trade deal if key issues related to the withdrawal were agreed quickly.
"We will need to make sufficient progress on this first phase if we are to move to phase two as quickly as we can at the end of this year and the beginning of next as we negotiate the future relationship between the EU and the UK," they said.
It had been expected that Barnier's mandate would be adopted without contention, with the directives based on guidelines that were agreed upon after only a few minutes of debate at an April 29 summit in Brussels.
Read more: Young Brits keep calm and try to make best of Brexit
Those guidelines laid out the red lines for any final agreement, including:
EU citizens in Britain and UK citizens in the EU should be guaranteed reciprocal treatment.
Any transitional deal should not last any longer than three years, and be overseen by the EU's Court of Justice (ECJ).
To have close trade with Europe, the UK must adhere to the EU's environment and anti-tax evasion rules.
The final deal cannot include a trade-off between trade and security cooperation.
The UK should be liable for costs that "arise directly from its withdrawal" and fulfil financial obligations already made, even after its exit.
The relocation away from London of the European Banking Authority and European Medicines Agency.
EU leaders have agreed that before talks on a trade deal, there needs to be "sufficient progress" on the rights of EU citizens in the UK and British citizens on the continent, as well as London's exit bill and border arrangements in Ireland. The EU 27 stipulate there should be no hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, amid fears of the impact that Britain's exit could have on the peace process.
Britain has said it wants the talks on trade to take place parallel to the wider terms of Brexit.
Watch video 00:36 EU leaders back Brexit strategy
Three-stage plan
Barnier hopes for an agreement on the first phase by the end of this year, with the launch of a second phase between December 2017 and spring 2018, the finalization of a Brexit deal is envisaged for about October 2018.
Earlier this month, Barnier said the biggest stumbling block to a smooth Brexit could be the failure to agree on the sum Britain will have to pay when it leaves the EU, and that a methodology to calculate the amount should be agreed swiftly.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has said "the next five years will be among the most challenging in our lifetime" as the UK seeks to unravel itself from more than 40 years of EU membership. May is currently in the middle of an election campaign, seeking to enhance the parliamentary majority of their Conservative Party ahead of the talks.
Read more: When Theresa met Jean-Claude: What really happened at that Brexit meeting?
On Sunday, Britain's "Brexit Minister" David Davis said the UK was prepared to walk away from the talks without a deal, but stressed they thought it was likely an agreement would be reached.
The UK voted on June 23 last year to leave the EU, with 52 percent of those who voted opting for Britain to "Leave" and 48 percent choosing "Remain."
rc/rt (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
Transit agencies around North America are getting ready for travelers in their cities to ring in 2017 in classic fashion, by going out. In Vancouver, BC, all public transit city-wide will be free of charge starting at 5pm on New Year's Eve. Extra buses will run to accommodate later riders, and SkyTrain service and SeaBus service will run until 2am.
In Portland, Oregon, transit service system-wide will be free after 8pm. MAX lines will be running until 3am to accommodate those staying out late for the holiday.
In San Francisco, rides on Muni buses are free after 8pm, and BART service will be extended until 3am.
In Seattle…King County Metro will run zero extra buses to accommodate holiday service and charge full fare the entire time. No additional buses to serve even the Seattle Center grounds for those visiting the Space Needle to watch the fireworks up close. Sound Transit will run a total of one additional southbound train from UW (at 1.03am) and zero additional trains from Angle Lake. The monorail will be running additional trains from the Seattle Center grounds to Downtown until 1am, but the final monorail is not timed to meet up with the final southbound Link train.
Other agencies in our region aren't much better, with Pierce Transit, Community Transit, and Kitsap Transit all declining to provide extra service on December 31. Washington State Ferries does run an extra ferry between Bremerton and Seattle after midnight, but with no extra bus service you're probably getting on that ferry with your car.
That is the extent of the degree to which local agencies have collaborated to ensure that riders have enough of an incentive to leave their car at home one night when inebriation is at high levels.
Meanwhile, the Seattle Department of Transportation, under the auspices of Vision Zero, is heavily promoting ride-booking services who are offering discounted rides. While not subsidizing the rides themselves, they are endorsing ride-booking services as a way to prevent drunk driving, rather than dependable transit service that runs when riders need it to. Studies on the impact of companies like Uber on DUI rates have shown so far that they aren't that effective. But considering the fact that these are presumably low-cost programs for the City to be running, then they should be used in conjunction with increased transit service, rather than instead of it.
Meanwhile, DUI stops are up in at least one Seattle precinct, the East, Capitol Hill Seattle reports.
The most obvious place for added service on New Year's Eve would be added Link trains and additional buses to and from Seattle Center. As for the Link trains, Sound Transit's response is that it needs the service window where no trains are running on the tracks to perform maintenance, even on New Year's Eve. But on New Year's Day, Sound Transit service starts an entire hour later than it does on a weekday. So on face value, this excuse doesn't pan out. Even if true, a transit agency like Sound Transit should be able to rearrange its maintenance schedule to accommodate a major holiday…like all other major cities do.
The lack of response to New Year's Eve is indicative of the approach that our regional transit agencies take toward its riders. In a city like Vancouver, BC, transit runs later on New Year's Eve because riders depend on it. In Seattle, clearly not enough riders depend on the bus to get to and from their holiday events, so the transit agencies have not responded accordingly. Of course, they also should take responsibility for tacitly encouraging the riders who are left behind to find other means of transport, even if they are not physically fit to drive. That is not a Vision Zero approach, that is a Vision Some Other Number approach and it is simply unacceptable.
It is time for our region's transportation agencies to come together and join our peer cities in stepping up to provide stellar holiday service.
Featured header image on Flickr by Chris Blakeley.
We hope you loved this article. If so, please consider supporting our work. The Urbanist is a non-profit that depends on donations from readers like you.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is taking on a new challenge.
“The only meat I'm eating is from animals I've killed myself,” they said.
The 27-year-old billionaire said since starting the odd challenge, they have killed goats, pigs and chickens.
“I'm eating a lot healthier foods. And I've learned a lot about sustainable farming and raising of animals,” they said, according to Fortune magazine's website.
“It's easy to take the food we eat for granted when we can eat good things every day.”
On May 4, Zuckerberg posted a note on their Facebook page — where else — saying, “I just killed a pig and a goat.”
The statement instantly drew comments from those who saw the message.
In an email to Fortune, Zuckerberg wrote that they have taken on a new “personal challenge” every year in recent memory.
“I spend almost all of my time building Facebook, so these personal challenges are all things I wouldn't normally have the chance to do if I didn't take the time,” they wrote.
“Last year, for example, my personal challenge was to learn Chinese. I blocked out an hour every day to study and it has been an amazing experience so far. I've always found learning new languages challenging, so I wanted to jump in and try to learn a hard one.”
Zuckerberg, who talked to world leaders at the G8 summit today about the impact the Internet has on the world's economy, said the idea to eat only the animals they could kill came to them last year.
“I started thinking about this last year when I had a pig roast at my house. A bunch of people told me that even though they loved eating pork, they really didn't want to think about the fact that the pig used to be alive,” they said.
“That just seemed irresponsible to me. I don't have an issue with anything people choose to eat, but I do think they should take responsibility and be thankful for what they eat rather than trying to ignore where it came from.”
Zuckerberg's odd diet choice is connected to a Silicon Valley chef named Jesse Cool, who lives near Zuckerberg. Cool introduced Zuckerberg to several nearby farmers and helped them kill their first chicken, pig, and goat. They then takes the animal to a slaughterhouse.
“He cut the throat of the goat with a knife, which is the kindest way to do it,” Cool told Fortune.
Zuckerberg, who is currently traveling in Europe, and their longtime girlfriend Priscilla have been cooking what they slaughter — recently gobbling down a chicken and using the feet to make stock. They later posted a photo of the chicken on their Facebook page.
With AP
The WhiteRose Gelatin Ship display!!
-The gelatins first name hints to what dominate color is in the gelatin while it's last name indicates what color was incorporated into it
-Rubys colors are Rose and Strawberry while Weiss has only ghost white. So they originally had a total of four gelatin combinations.
However, the palette that I was working from had a “floral white” color so that became the “Ice Flower” gelatin(yeah I was born smart).
-Their background color is “snow”. It was originally going to be white but it looked too plain.
Although this was originally intended to be just for rosegarden I had to do one for whiterose fans; like why not? Then I decided what they heck, lets do some more ships than these too
Hillary Clinton's chief strategist refused to commit to a proposed presidential debate with Bernie Sanders in New York before the state's April 19 primary. As reported by The Hill, Clinton staffer Joel Benenson accused Sanders of "running a very negative campaign" and suggested that a New York debate might not take place unless the Vermont senator changes theirs "tone."
"I think the real question is what kind of campaign is Senator Sanders going to run going forward," said Benenson, the Clinton campaign's chief strategist, when asked about a potential debate by CNN's Kate Bolduan on Monday.
Advertisement:
"This is a man who said he'd never run a negative ad ever," continued Benenson. "He's now running them. They're now planning to run more. Let's see the tone of the campaign they want to run before we get to any other questions."
Benenson also referenced a Washington Post article published Sunday that reported the Sanders campaign would intensify its attacks on Clinton in the weeks leading up to the New York primary. As NBC News reports, the Sanders campaign's issues-first, positive tone has given way to increasingly aggressive policy critiques of Clinton as the primary campaign has worn on. In recent weeks, Sanders stump speeches have included attacks on Clinton's record on trade, campaign finance and foreign policy.
Benenson remarks come one day after Sanders called for a debate in New York during an appearance on NBC's Meet the Press. The Democratic National Committee lists an April debate as "TBD" on its official website as of Monday afternoon.
Asked by Bolduan about the risk Clinton faced by agreeing to a debate, Benenson responded, “There's no risk. She's done very well in the debates. The debates have been very good, but Senator Sanders doesn't get to decide when we debate, particularly when he's running a very negative campaign against us."
The Clinton campaign risks appearing disingenuous in its condemnation of Sanders' tactics — Clinton themselves hasn't been shy about going after their competition during primary season, dismissing Sanders as a "single issue candidate" and aggressively criticizing their record on health care and gun control. But as the Washington Post notes, Clinton's team has become wary of attacking Sanders in recent weeks, as the former secretary of state's campaign — which maintains a healthy lead in delegates—seeks to avoid alienating Sanders backers as it consolidates Democratic support and pivots towards the general election.
According to FiveThirtyEight's weighted polling average, as of March 28, Clinton leads Sanders by over 40 points in New York, the state where Hillary Clinton twice won election as a U.S. senator. Despite what appears to be a large deficit, Sanders hopes to close the gap by running an aggressive campaign in the Empire State over the next three weeks. Winning New York's 247 delegates — the second-most of any state — would build momentum for the Sanders camp and narrow Clinton's overall delegate lead as the primary enters its home stretch.
Advertisement:
Watch the full video of Benenson's comments below:
Gov.-elect Tom Corbett's most important Cabinet appointment is undeniably budget secretary, but a close second is secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection.
Pennsylvania is in the midst of a natural gas boom akin to the state's former coal king days. The commonwealth has even been dubbed the “Saudi Arabia of natural gas.”
The energy drilling industry is undoubtedly bringing money and jobs to the state and will only increase as drilling ramps up. The state has approved about 5,600 permits since 2005, with the majority of those done in the last two years.
Corbett is correct that the state does not want to stifle this industry (although we disagree with them that enacting a severance tax would do that), but at the same time, the Corbett administration has to prioritize the protection of Pennsylvanians.
Things do go awry in natural gas drilling, and when they do, there can be serious repercussions on public health and safety.
For evidence, go to Dimock Twp. in Susquehanna County. Residents there might be getting royalty checks, but they also have a contaminated water supply. While the contamination clearly shows a number of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process, Cabot Oil & Gas, the main driller in that area, refuses to take responsibility.
What happened in Dimock will likely occur elsewhere. Those of us living here in central Pennsylvania might be far from the drilling, but our water supply could become tainted if tributaries to the Susquehanna River are polluted with untreated frackwater.
DEP must maintain its oversight role of this industry to the same — or even better — standards that are already in place.
Water safety is just a piece of it. The next DEP secretary will be tasked with dealing with growing issues over what to do about pipeline placement and oversight and whether to grant companies eminent domain rights to drill or run pipelines under properties whose owners do not consent.
To appoint someone from industry to the state's top DEP post would be a huge error. It would not signal that the state is “open for business”; it would signal that we are “open for the taking.”
Already Corbett has faced substantial criticism for their appointments to their Energy & Environmental Transition team. Of the 30 members, 17 are executives or lobbyists from the oil and gas, coal, waste and utility industries. Some are even connected to companies such as Cabot that have pending DEP cases.
In an ideal world, DEP would balance the needs of industry and the environment and safety. Businesses deserve a reasonable permitting process, but DEP must take aggressive corrective action when necessary. It's hard to imagine someone with a heavy industry background being able to strike the appropriate balance.
Corbett's transition team is clearly weighted toward industry. On top of that, Corbett accepted close to $1 million in campaign contributions directly from companies with interests in the Marcellus Shale region.
Some believe Corbett will favor the industry because of the financial backing they received. We hope they prove the naysayers wrong and does the right thing for Pennsylvania by appointing a DEP secretary with a solid track record and commitment to the environment and basic regulatory protections.
Building a home with a swimming pool would be a dream of every person. It is a feature that not only shows the social class of a person but also provides the best opportunity for an excellent relaxation at home. Better still, you can add an outdoor jacuzzi for summer holidays and weekends. People ensure that they give it the best shot when they decide to build a pool in their compounds.
Making a pool, however, requires thorough financial preparation as well as hiring experts who are conversant with such a project. The orlando pool resurfacing experts are the best you can try for now. If it is your first time to get one, then this guide is for you. Read on to know more.
Making Preparations
The first step is to ensure that you have enough space in your compound to make a pool. As much as they can be made in different sizes, there is the minimum that you can make. It is crucial to comply with the safety regulations on your state by checking the viability of making a pool at home. The attached authorities will have to come and assess the landscape of your land and other involved factors. Once they issue you with a permit, then you can start the project.
Another preparation to make is assessing the amount of material that you will need. This will help you to calculate the cost of making a pool and to look for the sufficient funds. Ask various experts to do their quotes so that you can compare them to the bill of quantity prepared by your expert. The good thing is that you can also buy this online from experts who are conversant with the cost of material in your area.
Sourcing for funds is also crucial to overseeing the project to completion. One can either save for this or get a loan from any reliable financial institutions. Setting up a pool is a costly project and funds can limit what you will have in terms of size. Most of the other factors like the filtration system will remain almost the same. Ensure that you plan well for this.
Hiring a Pool Constructor
Making an elegant and functional pool will need an experienced constructor. Ensure that you have thoroughly checked their background to know who is good for the job and who is not. The good thing is their past records will say it all. The reviews will show who has delivered excellent results and who has numerous complaints.
Additionally, you also need to hire those with a license to work now that this is a delicate and expensive project. No one can tolerate the services of a rogue contractor unless they want to waste money and time. They also need to have tools of work which include an excavator, forklift, trucks and concrete mixer among many others.
Choosing the Best Pool
Many factors will come into play when choosing which pool to make for your home. It could be inspired by what you have seen in movies, at a friend's house or online. The size and shape of land could also determine the design you will go for. However, consider the number of people who will be using the pool when you are all together. A larger family will be good with a rectangular pool which is larger. On the other hand, small families can take the design with curves as it is not congested when they are all using it.
Ensure that the materials used will match the theme of your home and complement it. Some finished designs may be elegant but not safe for kids and pets. All costs should also avoid those that need high maintenance that you cannot afford. If you have kids and pets, it is paramount to consider installation of a pool boundary once and for all.
Maintenance Plan
Now that you have decided to make a pool for home use, it is crucial that you factor the maintenance of the pool. The pool experts should install facilities that are easy to clean and maintain. Also, buy chemicals that are needed to clear the water and maintain its pH. Some companies will also chip in with the right advice on accessories and chemicals that you need.
With the above tips, any person will be in a position to build a perfect home pool even if it is the first time. Be sure to follow the advice for success.…
Introduction
This project was produced by News21, a national investigative reporting project involving top college journalism students across the country and headquartered at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Arizona State University
Fear of the federal government's interference with Second Amendment rights and suspicion that elected officials are ignoring the “will of the people” have provoked a resurgence of self-described patriots across the country who say they are preparing to defend themselves and their rights by any means necessary.
Organizations tracking the movement say the number of groups has risen dramatically in the past six years.
“There's a very unreasonable, ridiculously crazy attack on the Second Amendment and people that own guns,” said Cope Reynolds, a member of the White Mountain Militia in Show Low, Arizona. “If everything were not protected by the Second Amendment, the government would have the opportunity, if they so desired, to go unchecked with impunity and do whatever they want to do.”
Reynolds is the operations manager of Shots Ranches, a tactical shooting range and survival training facility in Kingman, Arizona. They consider this type of training to be necessary preparation for a time in America they see as inevitable.
“We want people to be able to provide for themselves in a world where we might not be able to just run down to Wal-Mart at any time,” Reynolds said. “We think that at some point in America we're probably going to experience those times and a lot of us think it's not going to be far away.”
For individuals like Reynolds, the Second Amendment is an important check on the government and is needed to protect the Constitution.
“It's the beauty and the danger of America's Constitution,” said Adam Winkler, a law professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a Second Amendment expert. “Its great generalities are so vague that anyone can interpret them in light of their own experience and their own interests. And indeed, the Second Amendment is one of the most confusing textual provisions of the Constitution.”
In 2008, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in District of Columbia v. Heller that the Second Amendment protects an individual right to own a firearm for traditionally lawful purposes like self-defense.
“It has certainly given fuel to gun rights proponents and to gun culture,” said Robert Spitzer, a political scientist, author and professor at State University of New York Cortland who specializes in gun issues. “It fortified, in a very specific way, the very idea that there is in law something called gun rights.”
The 2008 ruling held that the individual right to own a firearm is “unconnected with service in a militia.”
“There certainly is a belief, and it's a long-standing belief, that somehow average citizens owning guns will somehow have a beneficial or therapeutic effect on government behavior,” Spitzer said. “It's rooted in anti-government sentiment, which has a very long history in the U.S.”
Reynolds disagrees.
Cope Reynolds manages the operations at Shots Ranch, a tactical training facility in Kingman, Ariz. Jim Tuttle/News21.
“We're not anti-government. We're anti-corruption in government. There's a huge difference,” they said. “We cannot survive without government. We would turn into probably one of the most savage nations on the planet with no government at all.”
The Southern Poverty Law Center identified 1,096 “anti-government” patriot groups in the U.S. in its 2013 Intelligence report, an increase from about 150 groups in 2008. Considered part of this movement are 240 militia groups, which the center says have made a resurgence since their earlier popularity in the mid-1990s.
Mark Pitcavage, director of investigative research for the Anti-Defamation League, also has been studying the militia movement for the past 20 years and says the numbers are higher. The ADL keeps an internal list of militia groups, but does not publish it.
“We were tracking around 50 active militia groups in 2008 and now we're tracking between 250 and 300 active militia groups,” they said. “It certainly represents a serious surge, which we're able to confirm through the presence of groups and individuals on social networking sites, the number of militia-related events and trainings that we count each year.”
Pitcavage said the last militia movement was sparked in part by events in Ruby Ridge, Idaho and Waco, Texas, sieges that tuned in to deadly standoffs with federal agencies. They noted a similarity between these events and the standoff between Cliven Bundy and the Bureau of Land Management earlier this year in Bunkerville, Nevada.
Bundy had been in a disagreement with the government over more than $1 million in grazing fees and fines owed to the federal government. When the BLM came to seize their cattle in April, many militia groups and other members of the patriot movement joined their resistance, aiming their weapons at federal officers until the BLM withdrew.
“Here's someone involved with conflict with the government and the government shows up at their ranch and starts taking their cattle that have been illegally grazing off the property,” Pitcavage said. “That's tailor made for the militia movement.”
Citizens Militia of Mississippi members, from left, Henrietta Simon, Mark Glidewell and David Bowen speak about their group to James Copelan (far left), 30, from Guntown, Miss. Prospective members must undergo a criminal background check. Jim Tuttle/News21.
A Modern Militia
Modern private militias are unregulated by the government. Members of the movement say they feel disenfranchised and believe their conservative ideals are at odds with the current administration.
They say that arming themselves and training with other like-minded people gives them a sense of preparedness in an unstable world.
“When I was my kids' age, we never locked the door on our cars, on our houses,” said Robert Mitchell, commander of the Citizens Militia of Mississippi. “That doesn't exist anymore. Maybe it sounds cliche, maybe it sounds like Mayberry. I don't know, but that's the way the world's supposed to be. And we have a strong desire to see our communities at least return to that.”
A little over a year ago, Mitchell started the Citizens Militia of Mississippi, which now claims nearly 150 official members – a number that members believe would probably be higher if not for the word “militia” in their name. They acknowledged a stigma surrounding the word, and said part of their mission is to help remove the negative connotation.
“Our goal is to change the public opinion of what the militia is,” Kevan Owen, commander of the northeast chapter of CMM, said. “We're not a bunch of guys running around the woods, pretending to shoot bad guys.”
CMM, which formed in 2013, was not included on the list of anti-government patriot groups published this July by the SPLC. It is one of the newest groups to emerge in the last few years to call itself a militia. Members cite a concern about the current state of our country and a need to defend the Constitution against “enemies foreign and domestic.”
“It's supposed to be your neighbors and your friends and your family, working together to better the community,” said Doug Jones, the militia's co-founder who also serves as treasurer and second-in-command. “That's really what a militia is.”
Active members typically do field training one day a month. That includes drills to practice patrolling and live-fire target practice, as well as learning about first aid, compass navigation and outdoor survival skills. Mitchell says their exercises are largely focused on team building, much like basic training for new military recruits.
Much of their activity focuses on the community. Mitchell said the group holds regular open meetings at the local public library and helps raise money for local police and firefighters.
“We can see ourselves making a difference in our community and in our state. It hasn't been easy,” Mitchell said. “It's not going to get easier, but we're going to keep doing it because we can see that result.”
While they say they wish the militia were their full-time job, Mitchell makes their living as a machine operator at Batesville Casket Co. They said most of their remaining time is occupied by CMM business.
“My kids hate it, my ex-wife hates it, my now ex-girlfriend hates it. Everybody in my personal life pretty much hates it, because it consumes all my time,” Mitchell said. “It's what I live to do. I'm one of those ‘all or nothing' kind of guys, and I've put it all in this.”
Charles Heller, a spokesperson for Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, talks about gun rights at their home in Tucson, Ariz. Jim Tuttle/News21
Mitchell considers the Second Amendment a priority in their life, one that requires sacrifice.
“If you want to get technical about it, every gun law on the books is unconstitutional. I'm not saying give lunatics guns. There have to be limits. Anybody with common sense knows that,” Mitchell said. “The problem is, the more you let them infringe on your right, the more they're going to. I'm not willing to let them have any of mine.”
Charles Heller is the co-founder of the Arizona Citizens Defense League and spokesperson for Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, a national organization that aims to “destroy gun control.”
The group was formed to spread awareness “about the historical evils that Jews have suffered when they have been disarmed.” Twenty-five years later, that mission has expanded.
“I'll put it in four words: Gun control is poison. Any form of gun control,” Heller said.
Many gun-rights supporters believe that the uninfringed ability to keep and carry guns is necessary to protect all other rights in the Constitution.
“When the guns are taken away, then the rest of it's all gone,” Reynolds said. “There's nothing protecting any of it. The Second Amendment is the glue that holds the Bill of Rights together. If you slide the Second Amendment out of there, the rest of it's going to collapse.”
Reynolds is stockpiling food, medical supplies, guns and ammunition for a time when American society collapses. They said such an event happening is “not a matter of if, but when.”
People who share these beliefs are preparing throughout the country. A majority of states have at least one established militia group.
In Alaska, militias from across the state have gathered annually for the past three years for a weekend Prepper, Survivalist and Militia Rendezvous just north of Anchorage. The public is invited to come out for “free training provided by patriots.” Topics on the training schedule include close-quarter tactics, base defense, camouflage and convoy security.
The Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia marks its 20th anniversary this year. The group trains every month to prepare for “disasters, crime, invasion, terrorism and tyranny.”
This year, its training calendar included topics like winter survival exercises, shotgun and gas mask drills, as well as patrolling in various conditions.
“As ‘individual' citizens who have the right to ‘keep and bear arms,' we fund our own equipment and arms, we peacefully assemble with other likeminded ‘individual' citizens who do the same,” said Louis Vondette, a member of SMVM. “We enjoy the best of times, but prepare for the worst of times.”
Alex Lancial is an Ethics and Excellence in Journalism Foundation News21 Fellow.
Canada To Debate Banning 'Zero Rating' This Week
from the unlevel-playing-fields dept
"Bell says the practice would increase engagement in the digital economy and make telecommunications services more affordable. Differential pricing will "directly benefit consumers in the same way that toll-free long distance, promotional coupons, waived internet installation fees and free previews of television broadcasts do," it told the CRTC."
With #EndDataCaps & ban on #ZeroRating, looks like @OpenMediaOrg proposals will raise consumer costs. Whose interests is it looking out for? — Mark Goldberg (@Mark_Goldberg) October 27, 2016
"But not all companies agree. David Watt, senior vice-president of regulatory matters for Rogers, says the company is net-neutral. "The customer should make the choice." Critics of differential pricing point out that while promoting a service might be attractive to consumers who use it, using a service or app that isn't preferred could create overage charges. That would have a huge impact on the success of those businesses, and it could slant user behaviour."
While the United States finally passed net neutrality rules this year, the FCC's decision to not ban zero rating (exempting some content from usage caps) has proven to be highly problematic . ISPs like Comcast AT&T and Verizon have all begun exempting theircontent from usage caps, putting competing services like Netflix, Amazon and Hulu (or smaller startups) at a disadvantage. The loophole has also spawned new confusing options from Sprint that throttle games, music and video by default, unless a consumer is willing to pony up $20 or more extra to have those services actually work as intended.So yes, the United States passed net neutrality rules, but its unwillingness to tackle zero rating means that net neutrality is now being hamstrung anyway -- now just with regulatory approval.Like the United States, Canada took a "wait and see" approach to zero rating, but is holding a week full of hearings to debate whether zero rating should be allowed long term. Net Neutrality advocates note that if you're giving one content or service cap-exempt status, you're automatically putting competitors, smaller startups, non-profits, or educational outfits at a disadvantage. But just as in the States, some Canadian ISPs are trying to claim that zero rating will make broadband service less expensive:Also just like in the States, telecom industry insiders are trying to claim that it'sthat are driving up consumer costs by opposing zero rating:Right, exept it doesn't work like that. Usage caps aren't really necessary on fixed-line networks. They're utterly arbitrary price hikes, only made possible thanks to a lack of competition in the first place. Once in place, caps then allow incumbent ISPs to zero rate their own content while still penalizing Netflix, adding an entirely new anti-competitive layer to the mix. That's why Finland, Norway, Slovenia, Chile, India, and the Netherlands have simply banned zero rating entirely, realizing it's a slippery slope that unfairly empowers incumbent players. That any part of this mechanism is good for consumers is a fallacy.In fact, a study by Finland-based research firm Rewheel points out that wireless carriers in the EU and other OECD nations thatzero rate video wind up giving consumersas carriers that do:Those trying to claim that zero rating drives down costs for consumers are effectively trying to convince you that "price hikes in uncompetitive markets lower prices." Don't believe it.It's also worth pointing out that Canadian incumbent Rogers, historically one of the clumsiest net neutrality violators in Canadian history, is opposing zero rating during this week's hearing:Why is Rogers opposed to zero rating? Because it got a first-hand look at the concept's shortfalls when the company's streaming radio stations had a hard time getting cap-exempt status from a different Canadian incumbent last year. In other words, these telecom giants are all for any variation of network and service discrimination, as long as. Turn the tables on, and they're consistently quick to cry foul.While Canada is holding a bunch of hearings, that's certainly no indication they'll actually ban the practice. Unlike more ham-fisted net neutrality violations (like blocking a website or service entirely), zero rating tends to fly under the media's outrage radar. That's in large part because consumers and many tech outlets have been fooled into believing that zero rating is giving users something for free , oddly while those same users are simultaneously paying some of the most expensive mobile broadband prices in all developed nations. Less consumer outrage means less political pressure to ban the practice, resulting in a massive leg up for powerful incumbent broadband providers.
Filed Under: broadband, canada, competition, net neutrality, zero rating
Oh, boy. This question, huh?
Lots of people want to know the answer to this; unfortunately, it's usually more complicated than they expected.
But don't worry! Once you're given some more information on mechanical keyboards, you'll be able to make an informed decision on whether or not you'll benefit from using one during your gaming.
Understanding Mechanical Keyboard Key Presses
Let's start with some background information.
First of all, it takes less time for a mechanical keyboard's key contacts to register that they've been pressed. This is called their actuation point.
As an example, if it normally takes other types of keyboards 4mm to actuate, it only takes mechanical keyboard keys about 2 mm to actuate. Note that it also takes a certain amount of force, measured in centiNewtons (cN), to press these keys until they reach actuation point.
Additionally, key switches are also either tactile or linear. Tactile means that you feel a slight bump to indicate when the key has reached its actuation point; linear means you don't feel this, and just experience one, smooth action. This bump or lack thereof affects how quickly you type, because once you get used to how the keys work, you generally learn to type faster.
And you should also note that different types of key switches have different reset points. A reset point is when the key's contact is no longer registering. This may or may not happen at the same time as the actuation point, so it can also affect how you type.
Applying These Facts to Your Gaming
So what does this mean in terms of your gaming experience?
Well, a lot actually. All those specific things about pressing keys (actuation points, force, tactile vs. linear, reset points) are what cause opinions to fly about whether or not mechanical keyboards are better for gaming. (Seriously, just check out this forum thread about the topic.)
Some gamers prefer mechanical keyboards because they truly feel they improve their gaming. For example, these gamers prefer using Cherry MX black switches or red switches, because they are linear and are “easier” to know when the keys have been pressed. These gamers also claim that it's easier to double-tap faster with black switches (and sometimes even with brown switches).
However, other gamers think mechanical keyboards inhibit their gaming. Many of these gamers like to mash their keys as hard and fast as they can; though mechanical keyboards last longer and can handle this mashing, often all the little nuances that make typing easier (like those actuation and reset points) just get in the way when you're gaming.
So what's the best solution for you?
It's actually quite simple: test out as many mechanical keyboards and switches as you can. You can order key switch testers, head to your local electronics store, or ask to borrow your friend's mechanical keyboard for a week. You might even want to consider purchasing a used mechanical keyboard off eBay or Craigslist for cheap to see how it affects your gaming.
Every gamer is different. Your best bet in figuring out if mechanical keyboards are better for gaming for you is to try them!
Have you found in the past that you game better with a mechanical keyboard? Why do you think it helped you?
We may earn money from the products/companies mentioned in this post. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
I was recently at my Moms and they wanted some inspiration for a chicken dinner. Hmmmm . . . Chicken, chicken, chicken. It is so easy to get into a rut and always fix the same things over and over! We were brainstorming together (ok, They were brainstorming), when suddenly they remembered a recipe my Aunt had made when they were visiting. Smokey Mountain Chicken.
Now, I grew up in the Smokey Mountains, and I had never heard of this recipe, but let me tell you – it is a winner! My family moved away from Tennessee about 12 years ago, but we still go back and visit as often as we can. My Aunt and their boyfriend have taken my Mom several times to a restaurant called Calhouns. That is where the inspiration for this recipe comes.
As I understand it, the original recipe is smothered in barbecue sauce. This is lovely, but as we all know, most store-bought barbecue sauces are loaded with sugar and high fructose corn syrup! (You can check out this Stevia Sweetened BBQ Sauce) That's where the lovely little recipe from Nana's Little Kitchen comes in to the picture. This is a Southern Barbecue sauce – slightly spicy and mildly sweet. I would highly recommend that you try their recipe, which you can find here.
Smokey Mountain Chicken {THM-S, Low Carb}
1-2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast
1 recipe Nana's Little Kitchen Barbecue sauce (or 1 cup of your favorite sauce)
1/2 pound bacon, cooked (I used pre-cooked strips, but you could fry your own)
Provolone cheese slices (or your favorite cheese)
Prepare grill and grill chicken over medium heat until nearly cooked through. Baste with barbecue sauce, then flip chicken and baste other side. Layer cooked bacon strips and cheese slices on chicken breasts. Cover grill and cook chicken until cheese is melty and chicken is cooked through. Serve with extra barbecue sauce if desired.
Notes: We did this on a Charcoal GrillEdit and the flavor was amazing), but I'm sure you could make it in the oven as well! I'm not sure how many pounds of chicken my Mom cooked when I photographed this recipe. There are no hard and fast measurements here, but basically just baste your chicken with barbecue sauce, add bacon and cheese, and you are set!
Do you have a favorite chicken recipe? If so, feel free to share it with me in the comments below!
This post contains affiliate links which provide me with a small commission when you make a purchase through those links. The profits go to the support of my family and this blog. Thank you!
Why I Dislike C++ For Large Projects
By Mark Roulo
12-June-2001
In a large program with raw pointers, the quality of the program will largely be driven by the least talented members of the team. This makes it highly dangerous to select a language that requires all the programmers to be in, say, the top 25% of the talent pool. Given a team with 10 developers (and my projects typically have more like 40-50), this seems to be asking for lots of long term trouble.
Things become even more unstable when one considers that the average turnover of software developers in Silicon Valley (where I live and work) is something like 20-25% and that many large projects also use contractors. The total number of programmers on a project will be much higher than the average (or even the peak) number of developers on the project.
I have worked on a project with both C++ and Java components (roughly 50% each) that communicate via CORBA. Part of my job has been to interview candidates for both halves of the project over a period of several years. This has given me a fair amount of exposure to the C++ developer pool.
As part of my standard interview for C++ candidates I ask them to write me a small class with the intention of evaluating their command of the language. This also gives us a reasonable coding sample to discuss during the interview. I can ask about potential improvements, extensions and testing strategies.
Most of the candidates I interview have already made it to the top of the resume pool -- usually by claiming at least 3 years professional experience with C++. Since many resumes have this, the candidates tend to have some other plus: large systems experience, degree from a good school, personal recommendation, etc.
The candidates then must survive a phone screen interview whose job is to weed out candidates that can't, for example, describe any of their projects coherently.
My request is to:
Write a Named Point class with three members: two floating point values for the coordinates on an X-Y plane, and a name represented as a 'char *'. Assume that this class will be used for some sort of wargame or simulation program that treats the world as flat and that these named points will be used to represent things like cities, battlefields, etc.
A typical first try looks something like this:
class NamedPoint { private: float x; float y; char *name; public: NamedPoint (float x, float y, char *name) { this->x = x; this->y = y; this->name = name; } float getX() {return x;} float getY() {return y;} char *getName() {return name;} void setX(float x) {this->x = x;} void setY(float y) {this->y = y;} void setName(char *name) {this->name = name;} };
name has its encapsulation violated with the getName() method.
has its encapsulation violated with the method. The code calling the constructor is responsible for managing the scope of the member variable 'name'. This code fragment shows the problem:
// Ignore for now a lot of awfulness in this function ... // this should probably be a constructor in a sub-class // of NamedPoint, 'cityName' and 'countryName' should be // checked for NULL _and_ for length so that sprintf() // doesn't overrun temp ... // // The point is that if NamedPoint doesn't *own* its own // 'name' value, the clients are at risk of memory corruption. // NamedPoint makeCityCoordinate (float x, float y, char *cityName, char *countryName) { char temp[80]; sprintf (temp, "City: %s, Country: %s", cityName, countryName); return NamedPoint (x, y, temp); }
class NamedPoint { private: float x; float y; char *name; public: NamedPoint (float x, float y, char *name) { this->x = x; this->y = y; this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name); } float getX() {return x;} float getY() {return y;} const char *getName() {return name;} void setX(float x) {this->x = x;} void setY(float y) {this->y = y;} void setName(char *name) {this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name);} };
It doesn't have a destructor, so it leaks memory.
setName() doesn't delete name , so it leaks more memory if setName() is called.
doesn't delete , so it leaks more memory if is called. strlen(NULL) and strcpy(NULL) are bad. Usually, a program will crash if this is attempted, so we really should check for NULL .
class NamedPoint { private: float x; float y; char *name; public: NamedPoint (float x, float y, char *name) { this->x = x; this->y = y; if (name == NULL) this->name = NULL; else { this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name); } } ~NamedPoint () { if (name != NULL) delete name; } float getX() {return x;} float getY() {return y;} const char *getName() {return name;} void setX(float x) {this->x = x;} void setY(float y) {this->y = y;} void setName(char *name) {if (this->name != NULL) delete this->name; if (name == NULL) this->name = NULL; else { this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name); }} };
NamedPoint allocates with 'new[]' but deletes with 'delete'. This may or may not work depending on the compiler. It seems to work fine for most current compilers, so I rarely comment on this. Still, it is incorrect.
Testing for NULL before calling delete is unnecessary (since 'delete 0' is defined to be harmless), but causes no damage other than slowing down the program slightly.
NamedPoint now trashes the heap if any NamedPoint objects are passed by value (like, for example, returning a NamedPoint object from a function). This is because the copy constructor that C++ gives us for free copies the 'name' pointer, but does not copy the contents. Now, calling the destructor on the first shared 'name' returns the memory to the heap (although the second copy will continue to use it, EVEN IF THE MEMORY GETS ALLOCATED TO SOME OTHER USE). Calling the destructor on the second shared 'name' probably corrupts the heap by deleting memory that was not, at that time, allocated (the second delete isn't required to corrupt the heap, but this is how most C++ heap managers work).
It has similar problems with the default assignment operator.
class NamedPoint { private: float x; float y; char *name; public: NamedPoint (float x, float y, char *name) { this->x = x; this->y = y; if (name == NULL) this->name = NULL; else { this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name); } } ~NamedPoint () { if (name != NULL) delete name; } // NOTE: Most interviewees start with a signature // like this: // NamedPoint (NamedPoint copy) // NamedPoint (const NamedPoint & copy) { this->x = copy.x; this->y = copy.y; if (copy.name != NULL) { this->name = new char[strlen (copy.name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, copy.name); } } NamedPoint & operator=(const NamedPoint & copy) { this->x = copy.x; this->y = copy.y; if (this->name != NULL) delete this->name; if (copy.name != NULL) { this->name = new char[strlen (copy.name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, copy.name); } // Note that we haven't nulled out this->name, so // we can get a double-delete problem... } float getX() {return x;} float getY() {return y;} const char *getName() {return name;} void setX(float x) {this->x = x;} void setY(float y) {this->y = y;} void setName(char *name) {if (this->name != NULL) delete this->name; if (name == NULL) this->name = NULL; else { this->name = new char[strlen(name) + 1]; strcpy (this->name, name); }} };
I usually stop here (assuming we get this far).
Conclusion
Pointer assignment (a C legacy) makes it too easy to corrupt the stack and heap. The initial solution allows the stack to be accessed after it has gone out of scope. Corrected versions often allow for double deletes of heap allocated storage or accessing already deleted heap storage or both.
The default copy constructor and assignment operator are too often wrong. But you get them unless you explicitly take action. The language default being fatally wrong is a big problem.
delete and delete[] are similar, but possibly different.
NULL is legal for many pointer values, but the behavior tends to be undefined (delete being one nice exception). Since the NULL case is frequently overlooked, memory corruption again seems to be designed in to large systems.
Larger programs encounter even more tricky problems. Scott Meyers has written two books on the subject of not getting killed by the C++ language. My point, though, is that most experienced C++ programmers I have interviewed can't get a simple class correct, even after multiple tries. Enough said. It makes me unwilling to risk a large project with the language.
If you've ever taken an official tour of the Parliament of Canada, the guide will normally present the House of Commons in the antechamber and explain the overall seating arrangements – that the government sits to the Speaker's right, and the loyal opposition to their left – and take note of the desks of the prime minister and leader of the opposition. The guide will note the adversarial (I consider this a positive attribute) arrangement of the House of Commons, which maintains opposing rows of seats rather than a horseshoe configuration. They or they may then characterize the distance separating the government and opposition benches as inviolable because, conforming to an ancient custom of the British Parliament, they must remain “two swords and one inch apart.” The House of Commons Procedure and Practice of O'Brien and Bosc mostly corroborates this claim (in the first paragraph of “Seating”, by footnote 38): “The distance across the floor of the House between the government and opposition benches is 3.96 metres, said to be equivalent to two swords' length.” The footnote attributes the origin of this custom to a time when members of the British House of Commons carried swords, and that “red lines marked on the carpet two swords' length apart still serve as a reminder to seek resolutions by peaceful means.”
Let's examine the validity of these customs on “sword lengths” and seating configurations by looking at some photographs at our sister parliaments in the United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand.
The British House of Commons consists of two distinct sets of opposing benches separated by a center aisle. As of 2010, it seats 650 members. “Some Traditions and Customs of the House”, produced by the House of Commons Information Office, corroborates the reference to red lines from O'Brien and Bosc and the notion that the government and opposition benches remain two swords apart (though not an inch more): “They may not speak from the floor of the House between the red lines (traditionally supposed to be two sword-lengths apart).” However, the House of Commons Information Office does not list any precise measurement like the 396 centimeters that O'Brien and Bosc claim. Certainly, the length of swords would have varied depending on the type of sword and the period in history – but the distance between the government and opposition benches in the Canadian House of Commons is clearly much greater than that in the British House of Commons – one need only look at the photos. For instance, during the weekly Prime Minister's Questions (PMQs), the prime minister and leader of the opposition stand directly behind the Clerks' desk and the mace and speak into the microphones by their respective despatch boxes. But in the Canadian House of Commons, the prime minister and leader of the opposition stand nowhere near the Clerks' desk during their exchanges in Question Period. There are a few possible explanations to take these different interpretations of “two swords” into account: either the Canadian sources are wrong, or the British House of Commons was expanded through the addition of a new front bench, thus narrowing the gap between the government and opposition. Or Canadian parliamentarians wielded massive Claymores, while their British counterparts settled for more modest sabres!
Our southern hemispheric Commonwealth cousins have both made significant adaptations to the basic Westminster model (more on that later), and noticeable changes to their lower houses. They use refer to their lower houses by a different name : as “House of Representatives” instead of the traditional moniker “House of Commons”, perhaps in order to avoid the pejorative historical and colonial associations with “commoner”. The Australian House of Representatives consists of 150 members, who sit in a horseshoe configuration, which breaks with the British tradition. The government and opposition front benches form a single, unbroken line; and like in the British House of Commons, the Australian prime minister and leader of the opposition address each other during Question Time from their respective despatch boxes and microphones. However, the overall distance between the Clerks' table and the front benches are roughly the same distance apart as ours. The backbenchers sit in pairs in what appears to be a bench-desk hybrid. (The Australians always have to be different). The New Zealand House of Representatives, which seats 122 members, combines the desks of the Canadian House of Commons with the horseshoe configuration of the Australian House of Representatives; their front desks are also roughly the same distance apart as ours, and like us, they don't use despatch boxes. The partial center aisles of their Houses of Representatives look about 396 centimeters wide.
Turning back to the Canadian House of Commons, the parliamentary tour guide would also mention that the desks accommodate the 308 members of the House of Commons, and that Parliament re-evaluations the number of Commons seats every ten years, which has so far always resulted in adding more desks. But as anyone can plainly see, the House of Commons has reached its capacity and can accommodate no additional desks under the traditional arrangement that supposedly requires that the government and opposition sit 396 centimeters apart. The Harper government introduced Bill C-12 in the 3rd session of the 40th Parliament, which would have expanded the House of Commons by 30 seats in order to represent more fairly the growing populations in British Columbia, Alberta, and Ontario. But where would all those additional desks go? The sheer physical limitations of the House of Commons preclude the inclusion of more desks. Perhaps another row of desks could be added in the back, but then it would block off the corridor behind the curtains; and the addition of a new row in the front would narrow the 396-centimeter gap.
Now that the Harper government commands a majority of the House, this bill will probably be re-introduced in the 41st Parliament. In order to accommodate those additional 30-odd seats, which would probably become official around 2014, the House of Commons should switch to benches like Westminster. In addition to their more efficient use of space in the chamber, benches would also deprive members of the ability to bang loudly on the desks during Question Period. The addition of these new seats also happily corresponds to Public Works' scheduled renovation of Centre Block in 2015, so the renovation could easily accommodate the conversion from desks to benches! And for good measure, the prime minister and leader of the opposition should also address each other across despatch boxes. I shall explain in a later post why the Canadian House of Commons ought to scrap the current format of Question Period and adopt the British model of Question Time and Prime Minister's Questions in its entirety.
Just kidding. But even if Christmas, New Years or generally the holidays are perhaps a little bit more eagerly awaited, we hope you are also looking forward to the next chapter of one of the most long lived iOS games, ever. We do, and we are finally able to share a sneak preview of what is going to come just in time before the App Store closes down for the yearly inventory . I always imagine little Apple elves taking stock of the available apps during that down-time, but maybe that's just me being silly.
As the end of the year draws nearer and nearer we all await the most anticipated event for young and old: A new Carcassonne expansion !
The next Carcassonne expansion is going to be “The Princess and the Dragon”, we kinda hinted a few times already about that. We chose it based on community feedback which wished for the Dragon by a considerable margin. Be sure to let us know what to tackle next! It was challenging to develop, as there are quite a few new rules and game mechanics in it. In any case, we feel it was quite worth the effort, as the game breathes new life with these additions. Also, it breathes fire now, on occasions.
Anyways… It is Carcassonne's third year on the App Store now — a dinosaur by app standards — and it is still going strong. Very strong, indeed: 3.2 Million Online Games have been played, and every day players meet in the in-game lobby to start Quick Games or Friend Games. With no end in sight, Carcassonne for iOS has become the most complete and most active community to play Carcassonne on electronic devices. It is, to say it with one word, a classic.
With the number of expansions growing we want to make it easy to join in on the action. For that we are reducing the price of Carcassonne for the first time ever for a limited time, so new players can catch up. If you were still on the fence or have friends that don't play Carcassonne yet, now's the time!
But let's focus on what's ahead: I'll give you a preview of the new rules and mechanics in Carcassonne — The Princess & the Dragon!
The Dragon
An embroidered dragon, used in Carcassonne's user interface
In the world of Carcassonne dragons live in volcanos. When a tile with a volcano is placed, the dragon swoops in and nests in the volcano immediately. Even the bravest meeple knights would be too scared to take post there.
My mental image of the dragon being summoned. YMMV.
So far, so good. However, when a card with a dragon symbol is placed, this attracts the dragon and it is rampaging through the landscape (for a length of six tiles!), eating all meeple in its way. I figure those dragon tiles maybe contain hidden gems, that attract dragons. We all know dragons love to feast on gems. Or collect them, if you are subscribing to a more Tolkien-ian way of believing in dragons.
The magic portals
Also new in this expansion: Magic portals. If you draw one of these you can place a meeple on any card of the board, in accordance to standard placement rules. Think of it as a teleportation spell for your meeple.
The Princess
The princess adds an important strategic mechanism to city building: If a tile with a princess symbol is added to a city, one of the knight meeple inhabiting the city has to leave — picked by the player placing the tile.
The Fairy
When a player choses to not place a meeple during their turn, the fairy appears and grants one of their meeple a wish. They protect them from being eaten by the dragon, adds a bonus point just for being with a meeple and also increases scoring of landmarks with 3 bonus points.
A fairy game piece
As you can see, there's a lot going on in this expansion and especially the dragon phase really adds a nice change of tempo to the game in my experience. There are also 30 new tiles with feature like tunnels or cloisters within cities to mix things up even more.
Hope you are as excited as we are about adding a new chapter to the Carcassonne saga!
Earlier this summer, word leaked out about Microsoft using a “reputation management” company to astrotuf Reddit. In the months since that, people have claimed that the person who unveiled the astroturfing was just a troll, but that's exactly the sort of response these reputation management companies make when they're exposed for doing what they do.
Now, on the eve of the PlayStation 4 launch with social media exploding over FUD (Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt) concerns about the console's reliability; I've learned from a few industry sources a bit of news that causes me to not trust anything. At all. It's really hard to trust many things I hear about either console that I read on Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Twitch, a forum, or even certain blogs/websites due to this news…
According to multiple industry sources, Micrsoft has over 1,000 viral marketers in the field right now “managing the reputation” for the Xbox One versus the Playstation 4. These “reputation managers” are operating over all forms of media, so this just isn't limited to a few Tweets or message board postings. This includes YouTube videos and Twitch streamers as well. They want all bases covered. And it's not just to pump up the Xbox One, they want to spread FUD about the PS4 to hopefully convince people on the fence to not buy the system.
To be clear, these aren't Microsoft employees doing this so if Major Nelson denies it, he's right from a certain point of view. These are people who work for marketing or reputation management companies, who have been contracted by Microsoft. Plausible deniability.
Microsoft isn't the only one to do this, EA is also really active with these “reputation management” companies now (especially after being voted the worst company two years in a row).
Also, Sony has done this in the past. Back in 2006, Sony hired a marketing company known as Zipatoni to create a really stupid “All I want for Christmas is a PSP” viral marketing campaign. It was exposed as being fake, and the whole thing blew up in their faces. So I've heard they're not resulting to this sort of tactics this time around, as if a viral marketer is exposed it just makes your company look deceptive. Nintendo doesn't do it either, as their fans do it for them for free.
Now I'm not coming out and accusing anyone specific for being a viral marketer, I'm just saying to take everything you see or hear that's vehemently negative or super positive over the next couple weeks with a grain of salt.
What is truly exciting about Atlanta United entering MLS (aside from being a proud Georgian's local team) at the time that it does is that the league is still so young, and will have several kinks to work out. As has been discussed on DSS before, Atlanta United and the Minnesota Crybabies (our new collective rivals) enter the league simultaneously, taking the total number of teams to 22. Minnesota will likely join the Western Conference, and Atlanta will join the East, but there are still a number of teams in discussion to come in, which could potentially take the total to a nice, even, 27? Joking aside, this is a bit of an issue in making sure conferences will have an equal number of teams. Granted, the Supporter's Shield is unfortunately not respected because of the American obsession with playoffs, but this could bring in a restructuring of the league. Should conference titles be determined during the regular season, like the state championships in Brazil? Will the league want to give the SS some importance by creating a full league where every team is played an equal number of times? It is highly possible that Atlanta's first few years in MLS will be drastically different than later on in the team's history.
In terms of strengthening the value of the Supporter's Shield, many have brought up the difficulty of flying teams across our vast nation to play an even number of games would create for the player's fitness levels. It doesn't seem too ridiculous to suggest that the league could take a page from the NBA's book and schedule games so that teams will have long road trips to cut down on the issue of jet lag. That said, teams in Europe frequently have to fly to different countries to play in continental competition, as do teams in South America.
Monetarily, and probably practically speaking, it seems much more likely MLS cup may remain the main prize at the end of the season, because of playoff popularity. But with nearly 50% more teams in the league in the not too distant future, should the playoffs be expanded to include more teams and more fanbases? The potential expansion teams, not including Atlanta and Minnesota, are LA, Miami, Sacramento, San Antonio, Detroit and one of the Carolinas. Should all of those teams come to fruition and join the league, in the MLS cup's current format, 13 teams would miss out on the playoffs. The league has shown before its willingness to expand the playoffs, but that many teams would require a good bit of restructuring. Would the #1 seeded team play in the first round, and if so, would that mean that two legs would be required?
One thing that is pretty much assuredly not going to happen for quite some time is promotion and relegation. MLS would have to see a massive jump in both earnings and attendance to justify such a decision, and both of those things happening are very much not guaranteed. Making such a decision too early could very easily ruin teams that go down because of a lack of history to make fans continue supporting their team.
I'd love to hear the good people of DSS's opinions on what would be the most ideal scenario for MLS going forward, and what scenario would draw in more casual fans of the sport.
Feel free to follow me on Twitter @Trauppin, I tweet a fair bit about Arsenal so no hard feelings if that puts you off.
Image copyright AFP Image caption A large proportion of Russia's vegetables and citrus fruits come from Turkey
What connects Turkish tomatoes and missiles?
A lot, apparently. At least according to Gennady Onishchenko, Russia's former chief sanitary inspector and now prime ministerial aide, who said on Wednesday that "each Turkish tomato" bought in Russia contributes to the country's economy and thus to purchasing missiles that could potentially be fired at Russian warplanes.
The comment came at a moment of high tension, following the downing of a Russian Su-24 bomber on the Turkey-Syria border.
Image copyright Anadolu Image caption Turkey shot down a Russian military aircraft...
Now, the Russian agriculture minister has upped the ante, announcing that around 15% of Turkish produce does not meet Russian safety standards. Controls are being tightened, with possibly serious consequences for Turkish exporters.
Image copyright EPA Image caption ...So an aide to PM Dmitry Medvedev (centre front), pictured here with home-grown produce, has called for a boycott of Turkish tomatoes
The country has exported food and agricultural produce worth over €1bn (£702m) to Russia already this year, and Russia says 20% of its vegetable imports come from Turkey.
Moscow could fulfil its fruit and vegetable needs by buying from other countries, such as Iran, Israel, Morocco, Azerbaijan, China, South Africa and Argentina, the minister said. How serious the immediate effect of a Turkish food ban on prices and supplies would be, however, remains unclear.
But the connection between food and foreign policy in Russia is nothing new. Be it bans on Georgian wine, Polish apples, Lithuanian milk, or EU cheese, Russia's food import policies and "safety" concerns often seem to align with its wider foreign policy goals.
Georgian wine
Image copyright AFP Image caption The ban on Georgian wine was only lifted in 2013
In March 2006, Russia banned wine imports from Georgia, citing health risks. The industry relied on Russian drinkers, and was hit hard.
At the time, analysts said Russia was irritated at Georgia's increasingly pro-Western stance and ambitions to join Nato.
Russian ban on Georgia wine reduced the country's exports by 64% in two years In 2005, Georgia exported wine worth a total of $81.4m
By 2007, that figure was just $29.2m Getty images
The Georgian president accused Russia of economic blackmail.
The ban was finally lifted in 2013, with Russia quickly resuming its place as the top importer of Georgian wine.
Kadri Liik, a Russia expert at the European Council on Foreign Relations, called it "an old and familiar playbook", either triggered by a specific incident or used as a general tool to "punish" countries, especially those in the post-Soviet space, for upsetting Russia.
As a result, the Russian consumer watchdog, Rospotrebnadzor, and government officials have often felt compelled to explain that sudden revelations of poor practices and subsequent bans are not political.
When confectionery imports from Ukraine were suspended in 2013, including by a firm owned by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, State Duma deputy Vadim Solovyov defended the move.
"We prohibit the import only of those goods that don't meet the standards and agreements that we have," they said, quoted by Russia Today.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Steve Rosenberg explains the history of Russian culinary diplomacy
EU food
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Belgorod, western Russia: A bulldozer destroys banned foreign cheese
Russia retaliated against Western sanctions over the Ukraine crisis by banning most food imports from EU states, Australia, Canada, Norway and the US in August last year.
It extended the ban to Iceland, Liechtenstein, Albania and Montenegro this August, and has threatened to add Ukraine to the list.
The destruction of banned produce, like cheese, bacon and fruit, sparked the anger of anti-poverty campaigners.
Last year, the closure of several McDonald's outlets in Moscow for alleged "sanitary violations" left many Russians flummoxed, including a fast-food chain owner who said the US burger giant was viewed as exemplary by local restaurateurs.
By raising the spectre of restrictions on Turkish food, Russia is once again using food safety to show its anger at another state.
But at the same time, Ms Liik says, "it shows Russia is trying to keep the row on a bilateral level" in order to avoid a further escalation of tensions.
In this case, a fight involving tomatoes is preferred to one involving missiles.
What if you just blew off your taxes this year?
On April 15, millions of Americans will stand in long lines at the post office to file their tax returns. Although usually a law-abiding citizen, the Explainer can't help but wonder: What happens if you get tired of waiting and decide not to file your taxes at all?
Probably nothing. If you're self-employed without any major assets or loans, the odds of getting busted are extremely low. In fact, an estimated 7 million Americans fail to file their taxes every year, and in 2008 the IRS examined only 158,000 such cases. That comes out to a roughly 2 percent chance of getting caught. Even if the IRS does audit you, the agency probably won't press charges. Instead, they'll just file a tax return for you and charge you a fee for the trouble.
It gets trickier, though, if you have a boss or if, for some reason, you end up on the IRS's radar. Businesses are required to file tax forms for every employee. So if an employee doesn't file or misrepresents their earnings, the IRS can spot the discrepancy. Tax evasion can catch up with you if you take out a mortgage for a house (since tax statements are usually necessary) or if you take a government job, like, say, treasury secretary (since the IRS automatically audits all incoming employees). Evasion is also a bad idea if you have enemies: The IRS often snags evaders when embittered spouses or fired employees rat out their former lovers or bosses. Lastly, if you're planning on cheating the government, it's best not to be famous. Wesley Snipes went on trial in 2008 after earning $38 million over five years and paying zero taxes on their income.
There's a difference between paying taxes for a few years, then stopping, and never paying them at all. The IRS keeps records, so it knows if you suddenly stop filing. You'd probably have more luck sailing under the radar if you start cheating from the get-go. But, again, that'll work only if you're self-employed—or, better yet, unemployed.
You should also keep in mind that the IRS can bust you down the line. Yes, there's a statute of limitations for criminal penalties: After six years, you can't go to jail for not paying taxes. But if the IRS ever discovers that you didn't file your taxes in 2008, they can still force you to pay civil penalties.
But, wait—you did stand in line at the post office and you did pay your taxes. What are the chances you'll be audited? Depends on your tax bracket. If you make between $25,000 and $100,000, the odds of getting audited are about 7 in 1,000. That number goes up if you make more money. If you make between $100,000 and $200,000, you've got a 1 percent chance. Between $200,000 and $500,000, the odds go up to about 2 percent. Once you get to the highest income category—$10 million or more—there's a 10 percent chance you'll get audited. The likelihood of auditing also goes up slightly if you make less than $25,000, since low-income earners are more likely to take advantage of the earned-income tax credit. The IRS conducts randomized audits every few years, but that's more about data collection than busting tax evaders.
Of course, that doesn't mean every person in the same tax bracket has the same chance of getting audited. Every tax return gets a score that reflects its audit potential, called a DIF score. The exact components of the DIF score are a secret; otherwise, we would all know how to avoid getting audited. If your DIF score is high enough—i.e., if your tax return has enough red flags—it will trigger an automated audit. (About 80 percent of audits are conducted entirely by computer; the rest of the time you deal with an IRS agent.)
The biggest red flag is high deductions compared with your income. For example, if you earned $60,000 this year and donated $50,000 to charities, the IRS might wonder how you could get by on just $10,000. Or say you have a business that reported $500,000 in income but only netted $25,000 in profits. The IRS might suspect there's more than just a bad economy at work. Your chance of getting audited also depends on the type of work you do. Restaurateurs, for example, have a history of dodging taxes, because they're primarily compensated in cash. Farmers are also frequently noncompliant and thus also have a relatively high risk of getting audited.
Why does the IRS bother with so much auditing? Because it's profitable. The IRS spends about $5 billion a year on enforcement, which includes auditing, collections, and prosecutions. And every year, enforcement brings in about $55 billion in additional tax revenue. That number may go up, as President Obama's 2010 budget provides funding to hire more IRS investigators.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks Ian Comisky of Blank Rome and Robert McKenzie of Arnstein & Lehr LLP.
NEW YORK (CBS Connecticut) – How much do you think your baseball card collection is worth?
One woman from Boston found out theirs is worth $1 million. Due to security reasons, they have only been identified by their first name.
“It hasn't sunk it… I really couldn't believe that it could worth that much,” Gale told “Antiques Roadshow.” It was just sitting in here in a desk drawer and I ran across it one day and decided I'd like to have it, not realizing at all what it was worth.”
WTVD-TV reports that the collection features vintage baseball cards of the 1871-72 Boston Red Stockings.
Gale told the Antiques Roadshow that they grew up outside of Boston and is a Red Sox fan. They didn't want to sell their collection because they wanted to keep it in the family.
“When you look at memorabilia and you value it, you look at the historical importance of the players, the team, of the era, of the event,” Leila Dunbar, expert appraiser, told WTVD. “You also look at rarity, you look at condition, you look at provenance, and this has it all.
The station also reported that their collection has handwritten notes from Red Stockings players to the owner's great-great grandmother after they stayed in their boarding house.
“These group of cards have never been out, we've never seen an early set of notes like this signed by this great hall of famers,” Dunbar added. “It's the roots of Boston baseball.”
Yassmin Abdel-Magied clashes with Tasmanian senator Jacqui Lambie over Sharia Law and Islam, telling Lambie: 'You don't know anything about my religion'. CREDIT: Q&amp;A/ABC
AN outspoken Muslim leader is “at a loss” after ABC host Yassmin Abdel-Magied's controversial Anzac Day message, as thousands sign a petition for them sacking.
The Daily Telegraph reports Abbas Aly, a spokesperson for Imam Hasan Centre in Annangrove, north-west of Sydney, is struggling to deal with Abdel-Magied's comments. They labelled them “damaging” and accused them of “seeking publicity”.
“On behalf of the Hills Muslim community and almost all others I can assure you that the words used by this person does not in any way reflect our views,” they said.
The ABC is standing by the Australia Wide presenter after they were forced to delete a social media post in which they suggested Australians should be thinking about Manus Island, Nauru, Syria and Palestine instead of the Anzacs.
But more than 12,000 people have signed a change.org petition to have their job at the public broadcaster terminated.
The 26-year-old took to Facebook this on Tuesday to write “Lest We Forget (Manus. Nauru. Syria. Palestine), but deleted the post after being slammed by their followers.
They quickly amended the post to simply say “Lest. We. Forget” and issued an apology.
“It was brought to my attention that my last post was disrespectful, and for that I unreservedly apologise,” they wrote.
Comments flooded in from followers disgusted by Abdel-Magied's disrespect for Anzac Day prompting them to delete the post. The comment also prompted calls for them sacking.
The broadcaster acknowledged the post was “disrespectful”, but said Abdel-Magied acted appropriately.
“Ms Abdel-Magied acknowledged that the timing and nature of the post was disrespectful. Them decision to delete it and apologise was appropriate,” an ABC spokesperson told news.com.au.
The spokesperson said Abdel-Magied was a “part-time presenter on the ABC” and that when presenting for the ABC they “works in accordance with ABC editorial and other policies”.
“Ms Abdel-Magied is also engaged in a range of other activities and work that is not related to the ABC. Them views and opinions in that capacity are their own and do not represent those of the ABC,” they said.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton slammed Ms Abdel-Magied's comments, which were partly aimed at Australia's asylum seeker detention arrangements on Manus Island and Nauru.
“It is a disgrace that on our most significant national day to mark the passing of people who have defended this country, this advocate seeks to make political mileage,” Mr Dutton told the Daily Telegraph.
Tasmanian senator Eric Abetz said the post was “unfortunate”, “disrespectful” and “deeply reprehensible”.
“Tens of thousands of Australians, from all walks of life, have gone to war and paid the ultimate sacrifice,” Senator Abetz said.
“Today we pay tribute to them, not seek to use their sacrifice for cheap political point scoring as Ms Abdel Magied has done.”
“Absolutely disrespectful. This day isn't for those people it's for the brave service men and woman who have served/serving our great country so we can try and live a normal, safe life,” wrote Wilson Sam.
“Your previous post has completely discredited you. I'm ashamed that you are Australian because you clearly don't share Australian values. Not only have you disrespected those who gave their lives so you can enjoy Australian freedoms and speak your mind, you have very clearly voiced your real agenda here,” wrote Libby Colubski.
Abdel-Magied came under fire in February after declaring on national TV that Islam was the “most feminist religion”.
They sparked a heated row on the ABC's Q & A program with Senator Jacqui Lambie, accused Abdel-Magied of “playing victim”.
Ms Lambie at the time said anyone who supports sharia law should be deported, to which Abdel-Magied responded that they were frustrated by people talking about Islam without knowing anything about it.
This analysis of questions posted on the social media website Reddit shows uncertainty about symptoms and management strategies for gout are common. The questions show that medications, particularly urate-lowering therapy, are often viewed negatively, with concern about side effects and the balance between risks and benefits. In this online community sample, there was a strong interest in non-drug strategies, including many different dietary solutions and supplements.
The most common single category was uncertainty about symptoms, particularly for attacks that did not conform to typical patterns. A recent detailed symptoms analysis of patients with crystal proven gout has shown that many patients do not present with stereotypical attacks, and that flares may affect more than just ‘classical' joints such as the 1st metatarsophalangeal joints [13]. It is also likely that some community users were justifiably concerned about an incorrect diagnosis of gout. These data suggest that patients require a more detailed description of the range of gout symptoms from healthcare providers, including advice that prolonged symptoms are unusual and should prompt a request for further medical review.
Management categories were also common, emphasizing the information needs for patients for general management advice, medication advice, and non-pharmacological advice. The community users demonstrated concerns about long-term medications, and it appeared that the balance of benefits and potential side effects for some users was uncertain. The concern about flares during initiation of urate-lowering therapy highlights the need for further discussion with patients about the long-term benefits of ULT and efforts to reduce flares during initiation using anti-inflammatory prophylaxis [3].
There was a strong focus on non-drug management, including questions about the role of many dietary factors and supplements, including many with no reported benefits for gout. These findings are consistent with the lay view of gout as being caused by overindulgence in rich food and alcohol [14]. It is also consistent with our previous work describing media depictions of gout as a condition that should be primarily managed by dietary interventions [15].
Notable from the analysis of the postings was that there were very few questions concerning serum urate testing, results or targets. Given that serum urate lowering is the central strategy for long-term effective management of gout, these data suggest that information about this fundamental aspect of gout management has not widely penetrated the gout patient community. Together, these findings highlight the importance of changing prevailing social narratives of gout from a self-inflicted condition that can be primarily managed through dietary modification, to contemporary concepts of gout as a chronic disease of urate crystal deposition that can be effectively managed through complementary pharmacological and non-pharmacological urate-lowering strategies [3].
Study limitations include the lack of community user information. Reddit community users are known only by their usernames, and demographic and disease details are not available. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether the questions are consistent with those of all people with gout, or indeed whether all the community users truly have the disease. Furthermore, disease duration was not available for all community users with gout, and we are unable to systematically determine whether the community user had a new diagnosis of gout, or had longstanding disease. It is possible that the information needs of Reddit community users do not represent all people with gout [16]. This study did not analyse social media sites other than Reddit; this site was chosen due to its large number of community users and dominant market share. Contributors to smaller online communities or other platforms may generate other categories. The study design included analysis of questions about gout, but not the responses to these questions by other community users; this analysis will form the basis of future work examining beliefs about disease management. The key study strengths are the large number of community users and the ability of this study to capture the questions of many individuals. A further advantage of the study design is the ability to capture questions about gout in real-time, often posted at the time of symptoms. This process reduces the risk of recall bias, which can be particularly problematic in studies of a flaring condition.
Are you ready for the comic book adaptation of the TV adaptation of the Archie comic books? Or, in case you couldn't parse that sentence: TVGuide.com is exclusively revealing that Archie Comics will be launching a comic book series based on Riverdale, The CW's upcoming dark reinvention of Archie, Jughead and the rest of the gang.
The CW and Warner Bros. television adaptation Riverdale takes a more noir, slightly more Twin Peaks-ish look at the usually squeaky-clean adventures of Archie Andrews (K.J. Apa) and their friends... But when the series launches next year, things are already well in motion with a murder, a scandalous affair and most shocking of all: Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) is allergic to hamburgers.
Kidding about the hamburgers thing, but you get the gist: showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, who has written equally dark comic books Afterlife with Archie (Riverdale gets invaded by zombies!) and Sabrina's Chilling Adventures (what if Sabrina the Teenage Witch was the bride of Cthulu?), and mega-producer Greg Berlanti aren't holding back on reinventing Veronica (Camila Mendes), Betty (Lili Reinhart) et al.
But because things are already rolling, Aguirre-Sacasa — as well as artist Alitha Martinez and a good chunk of the Riverdale writing staff — will be taking a look at what happened before the premiere with a special one-shot, which will then aim to spin off into an ongoing comic book series of its own.
"We're excited to expand on the amazing work being done by WB, The CW and the entire team to bring fans a Riverdale comic book, set in the same universe as the upcoming TV series," said Archie Comics Publisher/Co-CEO and Riverdale Executive Producer Jon Goldwater via statement. "The comic book is the ideal companion piece to the TV series, expertly written by showrunner and Archie Comics Chief Creative Officer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa and key members of the show's writers room, the comic promises to give fans a look at what happened before the first episode and beyond. We couldn't be more excited about the show and are eager to give fans additional peeks into the stories being created for this must-see event."
Catch up on all the latest news from New York Comic Con
Though Riverdale doesn't have a premiere date yet, the comic will be a nice companion piece to the main series when it does hit screens, even for those who haven't read Archie Comics for years. And though we'll have to stay tuned (literally) to see how the comic continues to weave in and out of the TV series, the writing staff of the show is heavily involved in making sure the comic isn't just a simple side project.
"The chance to explore the world of Riverdale in a comic book — the form that first introduced the world to Archie, the love triangle, their hometown — was something we couldn't pass up," said Archie Comics Chief Creative Officer and Riverdale showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa, also via statement. "Believe me, these stories matter. If you're a fan of the show, you'll find that the comics add another layer of conflict and drama. If you're an Archie Comics fan, this series will serve as a great set of standalone stories in the universe of the TV series. We — myself and the show's writers — are treating the comics with the same care and attention to detail fans will see on the screen as we weave one, large unforgettable narrative."
Check out 10 (!!!) different covers for the one-shot, below. And in the meantime, let's all look forward to the inevitable movie version of this comic book, just so we can get real meta about it.
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Alitha Martinez with Steve Downer Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Adam Gorham Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Robert Hack Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Sandra Lanz Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Moritat Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Matthew Dow Smith Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Matthew Dow Smith Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Dan Parent Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Thomas Pitilli Photo: Archie Comics
Riverdale One-Shot, art by Derek Charm Photo: Archie Comics
RIVERDALE #1 (ONE-SHOT)
Script: Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
Art: Alitha Martinez
Cover: Alitha Martinez with Steve Downer
Variant Covers: Derek Charm, Adam Gorham, Robert Hack, Sandra Lanz, Moritat, Dan Parent, Thomas Pitilli, Matthew Dow Smith, Cory Smith
Blank Sketch Cover Also Available
48-page, full color comic
$4.99 U.S.
The 121-year-old Lankershim train depot in North Hollywood, reborn as a cool coffee spot with lots of historic flourishes, is preparing for its official grand opening on Friday, reports The Source.
The rehabbed yellow building soft-opened a couple of weeks ago as a Groundwork Coffee Co. cafe, with original wrought iron details, wood floors, and barn-like ceilings, says Eater LA. The depot's mustard yellow and brown paint job are recreations of the original colors.
Metro spent $3.6 million restoring the 1896 building, and wrapped up the job three years ago. The work included building a new foundation; adding new sidings, eaves, windows, and doors; redoing the roof, plumbing system, and platforms; and seismic upgrades.
Though the work was complete in 2014, no one was able to move in until construction on the nearby pedestrian tunnel between the Red and Orange lines was finished. That tunnel opened in August.
The depot is located near the intersection of Lankershim and Chandler, and serves coffee from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily.
A post shared by Dan Fisch (@dj_fisch) on Feb 5, 2017 at 12:52pm PST
A post shared by Chrissy Britt (@chrissybritt) on Feb 5, 2017 at 4:21pm PST
A post shared by HEATHER DODD (@heatherdodd1973) on Feb 11, 2017 at 6:45pm PST
This paper has provided a detailed examination of primary and secondary school student aspirations for STEM careers. In general, more students are interested in science careers, followed by engineering, technology and mathematics careers, respectively. We have examined a combination of student background and school-related factors to determine those which are significant predictors of school students' likelihood of expressing interest in a post-school STEM career. In terms of student background, the analysis revealed that students were more likely to aspire to a STEM career as they get older, more so for males than females. Cultural capital was found to be a salient factor related to students' home life, as was their exposure to a parent working in a STEM career. In relation to the school-related factors tested, students' prior achievement in both reading and numeracy were found to be significant predictors of aspiration for a STEM career. Other factors, seemingly related to the choice of STEM when considered independently, for example, SES, indigenous status, language background and students' self-rated ability, were found not to be significant in explaining aspirations for STEM in the presence of the other variables.
At the individual level, consideration of a STEM career remains a highly gendered concern but the reasons remain unclear. Students' choices in this study aligned with the stereotypical notion that STEM careers are largely ‘male oriented' and are therefore, not desirable for females, particularly in the fields of technology and engineering. Previous research has concluded that females' lack of aspiration in STEM may be linked to poor academic self-concept even when their achievement levels are comparable to males (Sax et al., 2015). This study finds that actual academic achievement rather than students' perception of their achievement is more predictive of aspirations for a STEM career. However, it could also be that academic self-concept is a precursor to academic achievement (MacPhee et al., 2013) and so its importance as a factor for indirectly enabling aspirations for STEM careers remains. The findings highlight the need for teachers to be aware of the importance of maintaining student interest and achievement levels in mathematics in the earlier years of schooling so that students are able to sustain their belief that a STEM career is achievable.
Another gender difference in STEM disciplines is the relationship between student interest and skill. It has previously been found to be bi-directional for males but uni-directional for females (Lee, Lawson & McHale, 2015). In other words, male interest in STEM can lead to increased achievement and conversely high achievement can increase males' interest in STEM careers. However, for females, while achievement in STEM disciplines can lead to increased interest, the reverse does not generally occur. Given that interest in STEM in early high school is a key predictor of interest at the end of formal schooling (Sadler et al., 2012), this finding reinforces the importance for females of supporting the development of sound STEM skills from an early age. Whereas males seem to maintain interest in STEM without necessarily having strong underlying skills, females are less likely to do so (Lee et al., 2015). Maintaining and supporting females' academic achievement in STEM disciplines is vital for sustaining their interest as they progress through school. However, there is evidence that female students' achievement in STEM can be undermined through teachers' unconscious bias towards males in the classroom (Blickenstaff, 2005) leading them to spend more time interacting with male students in comparison to females (Shumow & Schmidt, 2013). It is important that teachers are aware of their potential unconscious bias in STEM classrooms which could impact negatively on female students' achievement and aspirations.
Students cannot aspire to particular careers, including those in the STEM fields, if they lack knowledge of those careers (van Tuijl & van der Molen, 2015). This knowledge can be gained through careers education, generally in secondary school, or through exposure to adult family members or acquaintances outside of school. Our study finds that students are more likely to aspire to a STEM career if one or more of their parents/carers work in a STEM occupation, thereby giving students detailed knowledge of careers that they might otherwise not gain. Students without access to parents working in STEM fields are less likely to aspire to a STEM career, even if they have comparable levels of prior achievement. This finding reveals a significant gap in students' knowledge about STEM careers, possibly leading some students to compromise their aspirations due to a lack of knowledge of the breadth of possibilities. The implication for careers education in STEM is that it is currently not filling this gap, leaving some students who may potentially have the ‘skill and will' to pursue STEM without the necessary familiarity with these careers.
The influence that a parent's STEM occupation can have on students' aspirations indicates the importance of role models for career development. Several studies point to the lack of female STEM role models as a reason for the persistent lack of female interest in STEM (Beede et al., 2011; Broadley, 2015; Wang & Degol, 2013). However, the impact of role models, particularly for female students, is contentious. While the stereotypical view of women in STEM is that they are unfeminine, which may be a disincentive for some females considering a STEM career, the use of overtly feminine STEM role models has also been found to have a negative impact on the STEM aspirations of school-aged girls (Betz & Sekaquaptewa, 2012). This counterintuitive finding could indicate that the use of role models to entice females into STEM is a somewhat shallow approach, particularly if stereotypical views of the STEM disciplines remain ‘male' and ‘thing' oriented (van Tuijl & van der Molen, 2015). Approaches that reveal non-gendered but multi-faceted views of STEM careers, challenging the dominant stereotypes, might be more successful in attracting females.
Apparently the team that handled the Windows Vista version naming framework still works at Microsoft.
This morning, the software company announced that it will end several of its standalone conferences, including its confabs for SharePoint, Lync, Project, and Exchange, along with its TechEd event. The five events will be replaced, and I promise that I am not making this up, the “inaugural unified Microsoft commercial technology event.”
The gist is that Microsoft is bringing its wider enterprise-facing events together, which is worth noting. The event will take place in May of 2015, in Chicago.
The company released a blog post on the change, essentially noting that its former conference structure had become dated — with increasing integration across products categories, having separate events was simply too siloed an approach.
As ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley notes, there was talk of Microsoft axing TechEd, “the same way that the company discontinued the Microsoft Management Summit.”
I confirmed with Microsoft that the decision has no impact on Build, the company's other developer event. That's hardly surprising. It would have been odd to see Microsoft lower its load of developer outreach at a time when it is scrambling to grow developer mindshare in certain product categories, and preserve where it already retains buy-in.
MEXICO CITY (AP) – After 75 years of frustration in Mexico, the U.S. national team finally won a soccer game at its southern neighbor and regional rival.
Dominated for most of the night at one of soccer's most intimidating venues, the Americans beat the Mexicans 1-0 in an exhibition Wednesday night behind Michael Orozco Fiscal's goal in the 80th minute and Tim Howard's late sprawling saves.
"The goal was for the U.S. fans and the whole U.S. We made history," said Orozco Fiscal, a 26-year-old defender from Orange, Calif., whose parents were born in Mexico.
A trio of second-half substitutes created the goal.
Brek Shea cut inside Severo Meza on the left flank and crossed to Terrence Boyd at the top of the 6-yard box. With their back to the goal, Boyd took a touch with their left foot and with their right made a quick backheel pass to Orozco Fiscal, who with their left foot poked it from 3 yards past goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa and defender Jorge Torres Nilo for their first international goal.
Orozco Fiscal, who plays in Mexico for San Luis, was a member of the 2008 U.S. Olympic team but hasn't established themselves with the varsity.
They entered in the 77th minute for their fifth international appearance and first since October. Shea, back with the team for the first time since February following a season of turmoil in Major League Soccer, came on a minute later. Boyd, a German-American who made their U.S. debut in February, had entered to start the second half.
"Just happy we won and made history," Shea said. "It's something we haven't done in a long time. Just to be on the roster is cool."
Howard, in a snazzy gray-on-white uniform, twice preserved the lead. They moved to their right on a Javier Hernandez shot in the 85th, then sprawled to their left when it deflected off Maurice Edu. Four minutes later, they extended left to paw away a 4-yard downward header by Chicharito.
"I think it's huge. It's huge for I think all American fans, it's huge for the team, and it's historic," U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann said. "We were very well aware that we've never won here at the Azteca Stadium. This is an amazing experience for the all the players. We told them before the game: This moment is for you, go and grab it. We are all aware that it was a lot, a lot of work."
The U.S. had been 0-23-1 against El Tri in 75 years of games at Mexico, including 0-19-1 in the thin air at altitude in Mexico City— where they had been outscored 81-14. Azteca, with loud, passionate fans, is a difficult site for road teams.
"You can shrivel up or you can accept it," Howard said. "We deserved a little bit of luck, and we got it tonight."
Mexico outshot the U.S. 15-6 and had a 10-0 advantage in corner kicks. But the Americans came away with their second big win this year, following February's first-ever victory over Italy, in a friendly at Genoa.
"Tim Howard kept us in the game I don't know how many times," said Klinsmann, who has been trying to change the defensive mindset the American had at times under Bob Bradley. "It's a mental aspect of it."
With the European clubs seasons getting under way, the U.S. used a half-strength roster and a makeshift central defense.
Mexico also was below strength following the Olympics. El Tri dominated possession but failed to connect on several open shots as the Americans paired Edu and Geoff Cameron in the center of their back line in the absence of Carlos Bocanegra, Clarence Goodson and Oguchi Onyewu.
"For me, it's a game that I grew up watching," Cameron said of the U.S.-Mexico rivalry. "To be a part of a win for the first time speaks for itself."
The game marked the start of the Americans' second year under Klinsmann, who replaced Bradley last summer after Mexico overcame a two-goal deficit to win the CONCACAF Gold Cup final 4-2.
The U.S. figures to have a lineup closer to full strength for a pair of World Cup qualifiers against Jamaica next month, on the road on Sept. 7 and at Columbus, Ohio, four days later. Mexico plays Costa Rica on those same days.
"We know we have to improve in many, many elements," Klinsmann said. "We have to keep the ball longer. We have to create more chances. We have to do a lot of work still. But I think this gives us a lot of confidence."
While the U.S. eliminated Mexico in the second round of the 2002 World Cup in South Korea, El Tri has improved in recent years, winning the Under-17 World Cup in 2005 and 2011 and adding the title in the Olympics, which is for Under-23 teams plus three overage players. Mexico is up to 18th in the world rankings, while the U.S. is down to 36th.
The game came at an awkward time for players, many focused on their clubs' season openers this weekend.
"It was very difficult in high altitude, with many of them flying in from Europe two days ago," Klinsmann said. "But we had a plan, and we tried to execute that plan and getting that win here — I mean it's quite enjoyable."
NOTES: The only previous U.S. non-loss against Mexico in Mexico was a 0-0 tie in a 1997 World Cup qualifier. At the 1999 FIFA Confederations Cup, the U.S. beat New Zealand and Germany in Guadalajara before losing to Mexico 1-0 in overtime at Azteca. …Landon Donovan, searching for their 50th international goal, left at the start of the second half because of a tight hamstring and was replaced by DaMarcus Beasley, who made their 97th international appearance.
KARLSRUHE, Germany (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel defended their refugee policies at a congress of their conservative party on Monday, fending off a challenge from critics with a pledge to reduce the influx of migrants and a repeat of their optimistic mantra “we can do this”.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) makes their keynote speech during the CDU party congress in Karlsruhe, Germany December 14, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
Named person of the year by both Time magazine and the Financial Times for their bold response to the crisis, Merkel has faced growing opposition at home to their open-door refugee policy and has begun hardening their position.
In a rousing speech, Merkel recounted a remarkable year that has seen Germany stand up to Russia over the Ukraine crisis, broker a deal to keep Greece in the euro zone, and welcome hundreds of thousands of refugees fleeing war and deprivation in the Middle East.
They said it had been a “humanitarian imperative” to open German borders to refugees camped out in Hungary back in August. But in a nod to critics within their Christian Democration Union (CDU), who have pressed them to introduce a formal cap on the number of migrants Germany will accept, they also said they would stem the flow.
“We want to, and we will, noticeably reduce the number of refugees,” they said to applause at the congress in Karlsruhe, in the southwestern state of Baden-Wuerttemberg, which holds a state election next March.
Merkel, 61, won an eight-minute standing ovation at the end of their speech to about 1,000 CDU delegates in a conference center adorned with posters reading “For Germany and Europe”.
“She was combative, energetic, they enthused the delegates in Karlsruhe”, German newspaper Die Zeit wrote.
Merkel's use of the phrase “noticeably reduce” came directly from a resolution the CDU leadership hastily reworked on the eve of the congress to head off an open rebellion over their refugee policy.
“That was very important as it is completely clear that another million isn't going to work,” said Kristina Schroeder, a former family minister, in reference to the record one million migrants that have entered the country this year. “That would overburden Germany.”
Grass roots party members also welcomed the tougher message.
“It was important,” said Tobias Bringman, a party member from Stuttgart. “The whole spectrum, from left to right, must be brought along.”
“WE CAN DO THIS”
Merkel defended their catch phrase “wir schaffen das”, or “we can do this”, by saying the party must show its Christian roots, and they likened it to pledges made by former conservative chancellors Konrad Adenauer and Helmut Kohl in troubled times.
“I can say this because it is part of the identity of our country to do the utmost,” Merkel said.
“Germany should be a country that is open, curious, tolerant and even exciting,” they added, painting an upbeat vision for the future and stressing how far the country had come since they took power a decade ago.
Back then, they said, Germany was known as the “sick man of Europe” and was struggling with record high unemployment numbers.
Slideshow (8 Images)
Merkel, a Protestant pastor's daughter who grew up in communist East Germany, has seen support for their party fall since the refugee crisis erupted in the late summer.
A poll by Emnid on Sunday put support for their conservative alliance of the CDU and their Bavarian allies at 37 percent, down from 43 percent in mid-August.
But the vibe in Karlsruhe was largely positive, in contrast to the mood in Berlin last week when the rival Social Democrats (SPD) held their own congress and sanctioned their leader Sigmar Gabriel for failing to make more of Merkel's vulnerability in the refugee crisis.
Franz Ferdinand have announced a new U.S. tour. The band were previously announced to perform at Governor's Ball festival in New York City, and now will perform headlining shows in Baltimore, Los Angeles, Nashville, New Haven, Charlottesville, and more. Find their full itinerary below. Franz Ferdinand's last studio album, Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action, arrived in 2013. The new tour marks the band's first shows since 2014; they toured as supergroup FFS alongside Sparks throughout 2015. Founding member and guitarist Nick McCarthy departed the group last summer. Most recently, frontman Alex Kapranos has been collaborating with members from Band of Horses, Midlake, and Grandaddy in a new supergroup called BNQT.
Franz Ferdinand:
05-21 Gulf Shores, AL - Hangout Music Festival
05-22 Nashville, TN - Exit/In
05-23 Charlotte, NC - The Underground
05-25 Raleigh, NC - Lincoln Theatre
05-26 Asheville, NC - Orange Peel
05-27 Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE
05-28 Columbus, OH - Newport Music Hall
05-30 Louisville, KY - Mercury Ballroom
05-31 Cleveland, OH - House of Blues
06-02 Toronto, Ontario - Danforth Music Hall
06-03 Montreal, Quebec - Metropolis
06-04 New York, NY - Governor's Ball
06-07 New Haven, CT - College Street Music Hall
06-08 Northampton, MA - Pearl Street
06-11 Oceanside, CA - Oceanside Pier Amphitheater
06-12 Los Angeles, CA - The Regent Theater
06-14 Baltimore, MD - Rams Head Live!
06-15 Charlottesville, VA - Jefferson Theater
06-16 Dover, DE - Firefly Music Festival
07-21-23 The Lake District, England - Kendal Calling
07-28-30 Benidorm, Spain - Low Festival
08-03-05 Luhmühlen, Germany - A Summer's Tale
08-05 Inverness-shire, Scotland - Belladrum Tartan Heart Festival
08-26 Charleville Mezieres, France - Cabaret Vert
08-27 Portsmouth, England - Victorious Festival
08-29 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Paradiso
08-30 Antwerp, Belgium - Rivierenhof
Watch Franz Ferdinand perform “Love Illumination” on Pitchfork.tv:
If you don't already spend countless hours of the day browsing Reddit, it's never too late to start. What I think sets Reddit apart from other similar communities is the discussion-only sections. More recently, a new section dubbed “IAmA” – short for “I am a…ask me anything” – has taken off by storm by allowing interesting and sometimes notable people (under the cover of anonymity if they wish) to answer random questions from complete strangers.
As dubious as this may sound, it actually works quite well and have since brought under the spotlight award-winning musicians, hackers, descendants of Nazis, 9/11 firefighters, lottery millionaires and of course, the most interesting of them all, Microsoft developers.
So far, three anonymous Microsofties have already stepped forward to answer several hundred questions in total. One worked on Windows Vista and Windows 7 (and will also be working on Windows 8), another is a 10-year Office veteran, and the latest is a junior Windows developer who wrote two lines of code that shipped in Windows 7.
Like most anonymous postings, what's valuable is the honest insight into the politics, technicalities and thought process behind the scenes at Microsoft. Here's just a slice of some of the most interesting responses I've come across so far.
“One more question: how much info does Microsoft have on us?” (#)
Almost none. Any data that gets collected (including data from WGA and elsewhere) is EXTENSIVELY filtered for PII (Personally Identifiable Information). If any data ever got through to somewhere it didn't belong, like an email address, social security number, or credit card number, we would consider that to be a very serious bug and would place a very high priority on making sure we never recieved that data again. In general, any data that we collect from users (and this includes our advertising) is impossible to link back to a unique person. I've worked with our privacy and legal teams on this stuff before, and they are deadly serious about it.
“Are you guys even thinking about the next os? or are you more focused on continuing to improve this one, update, service packs, etc?” (#)
Planning for “Windows 8” (the next version) has consumed all of our time for the past few months. It's amazing to see how much work goes into just planning the OS.
Do you get to see other peoples code? I mean: is there some kind of version control used for the entire Windows branch, or is it more like: “I code my stuff and use compiled objects for the stuff I don't need to know about”? (#)
Anyone who is working on Windows can see the entire windows source base. Technically, anyone with access can compile the entire OS down to an ISO. Realistically almost no one does because it takes a ridiculous amount of time to do.
“The [Windows 7] leaks seem obviously intentional . . . otherwise we'd see leaks of other major software all the time, which we don't — not even other Microsoft software. Please explain how I'm missing the point — why is there “not a lot we can do”?” (#)
Most other major software doesn't have nearly as many people working on the project or with access to daily builds. Last time I checked we have something like 6000 people and even more that have access to the builds. I'd guess that 10,000 people have access to our builds. Any time you have that many people with access to something… It's going to leak. But yeah, there are probably some positive benefits to it. We're definitely not leaking intentionally (and if we are, they certainly haven't told me about it).
If you like what you're seeing, head over to the original discussions to read lots more. Of course, if there's also something on your mind you want to ask you can also submit a question. Hopefully these guys (and others) are still around to respond to them.
One of the most outspoken critics of President Barack Obama has been conservative talk show host Mark Levin. But on their Tuesday evening syndicated radio program, Levin stuck up for Obama — at least as far as their right to use U.S. military force against Muammar Gaddafi's regime in Libya.
The president has had their share of critics on the issue of using military force in recent days – both on the right and the left, and some have even questioned the constitutionality the intervention. However, according Levin's interpretation of the president's constitutional authority, a formal declaration of war from Congress is not required for them to proceed with strikes against Libya. (h/t The Right Scoop)
“You know, some of you aren't going to like what I have to say because I don't believe in politicizing the Constitution,” Levin said. “I believe the Constitution is the rock of the society. All this talk about the attacks on Libya are unconstitutional because we don't have a declaration of war – that's ridiculous. That's absolutely ridiculous. There are many occasions where we don't have a declaration of war because a declaration of war would require that we use all of our might to destroy our enemy. So you can be involved in certain battles or military activities that would not require a declaration of war. You can look throughout American history to prove the point. You can actually look at the conduct of the Founders when they were in government, soon after the establishment of our government. Just be very careful about your arguments and think them through for a principled point of view. Don't listen to Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich, unless you want to be entertained. Stick with the Constitution.”
Levin explained Congress could ultimately stop the military action against Libya if it wanted to – by defunding the war effort. However, they said neither Speaker of the House John Boehner, nor Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has shown any indication they want to do so.
“What amazes me is – is Congress passive, or is Congress dormant?” they said. “Congress could meet tomorrow and cut off funds – tomorrow, if that's what Congress wants to do. Has Boehner proposed an emergency session of the House of Representatives, to cut off funds? No. Could he? Yes. Would they get the votes? I don't know, but they could try. Could Harry Reid do the same? Yes. Will he? I don't know. They could try. So it's not like Congress is without recourse.”
Listen:
But the Founders never intended for Congress to be in charge of exercising war powers, said Levin. In a situation where the security of the country is at stake, Levin said the Founders knew that swift action would be required — and not a decision by committee.
“The Founders, if you look at history and look at the debates – oh yes I have. They did not want Congress in charge of war-making,” Levin said. “They debated that as a matter of fact. They discussed it and they rightly decided we cannot have a committee of representatives in the House and senators in the upper chamber in charge of wars – too many opinions, too many factions, too much debate, particularly when the nation's national security is at stake.”
President Donald Trump says the decision to appoint former FBI Director Robert Mueller to oversee the investigation into Russian efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election “divides the country.”
“I respect the move, but the entire thing has been a witch hunt,” they said Thursday afternoon, during a joint press conference with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos. “There was no collusion between certainly myself or my campaign.”
"I respect the move, but the entire thing has been a witch hunt," Pres. Trump says of appointment of special counsel in Russia probe. pic.twitter.com/FWQMmGgfMc — CBS News (@CBSNews) May 18, 2017
“I hate to see anything that divides the country. I'm fine with whatever people want to do, but we have to get back to running this country really, really well,” the president said.
Earlier Thursday, Trump also called the investigation a “witch hunt” on Twitter.
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 18, 2017
“I don't think that's appropriate and I would advise them to stop,” U.S. Sen. Lindsay Graham (R-South Carolina) said. “The process is going to go forward. I'm sure he's going to try to say it's a partisan effort, but I don't think Mueller's going to be viewed as a partisan guy.”
“I now have significantly greater confidence that the investigation will follow the facts wherever they lead,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said.
Meanwhile, Congress will continue to carry out its own investigation and wants former FBI Director James Comey to hand over the memo they wrote, claiming Trump asked them to “back off” the investigation into fired national security adviser Michael Flynn.
“We still would like to hear from Director Comey. The American people need to hear their side of the story,” U.S. Sen. Mark Warner, (D-Virginia) said.
When asked by a reporter whether they advised Comey to back off the investigation, Trump said no.
Speaking about border security, Trump also said “walls work, just ask Israel.”
Asked if he, at any time, urged Comey to close investigation into Flynn, Pres. Trump says: "No. Next question." https://t.co/Okz2bwUl4f pic.twitter.com/8gUT0L0JYI — CBS News (@CBSNews) May 18, 2017
Earlier Thursday, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein told senators that they knew Comey was going to be fired even before they wrote a memo that provided a basis for Comey's dismissal.
That's according to Missouri Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill. They addressed reporters after a closed-door meeting where Rosenstein briefed senators.
The White House pointed to Rosenstein's memo last week as justification for Trump's abrupt decision to dismiss Comey. In the memo Rosenstein criticized Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
But Trump themselves has already said that they were going to fire Comey regardless and the revelation from McCaskill appeared to bolster that version of events.
“He did acknowledge that they learned Comey would be removed prior to them writing their memo,” McCaskill said.
Following the briefing with Rosenstein, some senators said the Russia probe now appears to be a criminal investigation, CBS2's Jessica Moore reported.
Trump said Thursday he's “very close” to naming a new FBI director.
Asked how close they are to making an announcement, Trump answered “soon.”
Trump was also asked whether former Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman was among the top contenders for the job. Trump's response was “He is.”
Trump and Lieberman discussed the position at the White House on Wednesday. Three other potential candidates Trump interviewed on Wednesday are former Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating, former top FBI official Richard McFeely and Andrew McCabe. McCabe became acting director after Trump fired James Comey as director last week.
Trump has said they could name a new director before they leaf Friday on their first overseas trip as president.
Also Thursday, lawmakers reacted to a Washington Post report of a conversation between House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Paul Ryan, in which McCarthy says Vladimir Putin was paying Trump.
“If you listen to it, you hear everybody laughs. So you know it's a bad joke,” McCarthy said. “That's all there is to it. No one believes it to be true.”
Out in the depths of our solar system, about 1.8 billion miles away from the Sun somewhere between the planets Saturn and far-flung Neptune, orbits the oddball ice giant Uranus – a frigid, thinly-ringed world tipped almost completely on its side and shrouded in both mystery and pale blue-green clouds. Aside from the occasional bright storm clouds spotted along the planet's mid-latitudes and the even rarer darker blue storms, Uranus' atmosphere has proven to be remarkably featureless… especially around its high southern latitudes.
Now, astronomer Erich Karkoschka from the University of Arizona has used imagery from Voyager 2's 1986 visit to Uranus to bring out some visible features in the planet's skies by using pattern recognition software to map out even the most subtle differences, and then boosting the contrast to make them more apparent. What he's found are atmospheric anomalies that hint at curious structures in the planet's dense core far beneath.
Watch a very cool animation below showing the new details Karkoschka has teased out of 29-year-old Voyager 2 data:
Video credit: Erich Karkoschka
“Some of these features probably are convective clouds caused by updraft and condensation,” said Karkoschka, senior staff scientist at the University of Arizona's Lunar and Planetary Laboratory. “Some of the brighter features look like clouds that extend over hundreds of kilometers.”
In addition, the several “sharp kinks” identified in Uranus' southern circulation through Karkoschka's imaging are a complete surprise, and may indicate details of the currently-unknown structure of the planet's core.
“The unusual rotation of high southern latitudes of Uranus is probably due to an unusual feature in the interior of Uranus,” said Karkoschka. “While the nature of the feature and its interaction with the atmosphere are not yet known, the fact that I found this unusual rotation offers new possibilities to learn about the interior of a giant planet.”
Because many newly-discovered exoplanets are suspected to be ice giants like Uranus and Neptune, learning more about this world in our own solar system will give astronomers insight into the types of planets that will be found elsewhere.
Read more here from the University of Arizona news site.
Source: University of Arizona
