Ralphie May was battling it out with their estranged wife in court weeks before they passed away and their money troubles were so bad, they wanted to sell their home to help pay off their divorce lawyers.
According to court documents obtained by The Blast, May and their estranged wife, Lahna Turner, were going back and forth in court over finances and support. May filed for divorce in 2015, but it never became official before their death.
During the summer, May filed documents with the court asking for permission to list their Tennessee home for sale (Lahna and the couple's two kids lived in California).
May explained that the $22,000 in support they were ordered to pay, plus their own monthly financial obligations, plus the couple's exorbitant legal fees necessitated the sale.
According to the documents, May believed the sale could bring in $633,000 and believed the money could be used to pay off both their and Turner's legal bills. They wanted the remaining balance of the money to be put in a court escrow account. Turner agreed to the sale, but wanted the extra proceeds put them in their lawyers' account.
Turner disagreed with May about how much money they actually made and on September 22, a judge ruled that they could hire a forensic expert to audit their finances and the comedian was required to pay the $3,000 retainer.
May was also ordered to continue paying the mortgage on the marital home in California as well as all the utilities, cable, security, repairs, and maintenance of the property. They were also ordered to pay their car insurance and the kids' music and tutoring lessons.
But it didn't end there — May was also ordered to pay the $2,200 minimum monthly payments for Turner's personal credit cards, an additional $9,000/month in temporary child support and $25,000 for their attorney fees.
The two were also arguing over the money coming in from their 2015 Netflix comedy special and their autobiography. May said they didn't expect any more money to come in for the projects and accused their ex of trying to force them into a settlement. They believed they were still owed $90,000 for the book and $60,000 from Netflix.
Turner also pointed to the fact that May had recently renewed their contract to continue their residency at the Harrah's casino in Las Vegas.
In the end, all the arguing became moot when May passed away on October 6. The divorce never became official and, as The Blast first reported, May's will named Turner named the executor of their estate.
TORONTO - New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath showed some contrition to Ontario's labour movement Tuesday after a disappointing third-place finish in the June 12 election.
They acknowledged for the first time that some of their left-leaning party's traditional supporters were turned off by the NDP platform.
"We did have some things in our platform that we thought were responsive to some of your concerns," they said at the annual meeting of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario.
"I hear you clearly that you didn't feel it was enough and I certainly take that back as constructive criticism and something that I certainly will pay attention to."
The New Democrats kept 21 seats, but lost three important Toronto ridings to the Liberals.
Some high-profile party members spoke out against Horwath during the campaign, saying she'd lost their way with populist policies and by rejecting the Liberals' left-leaning budget, which triggered the election.
NDP strategists made no bones during the campaign that they were going after voters who had supported the Progressive Conservatives in the past, but didn't like then-leader Tim Hudak.
Part of the campaign was about reaching out to voters that they hadn't reached in the past, Horwath said. But the NDP's values and principles as a social-democratic party have "never wavered."
Some ETFO members told Horath they were disappointed with the NDP's campaign, saying they found the platform lacking.
"I would encourage you to really, if you really want your base to expand, that you really need to commit to concrete ideas which I unfortunately did not see in this past election," said one union member.
"I hear what you're saying and I hear the concern about the lack of clarity around some of the very basics that we've always talked about, but you couldn't find them this time around," Horwath said.
The NDP chief struck a different tone two months ago, when they said they had no regrets about the campaign and that voters didn't reject their party, but voted for the Liberals out of fear of Tory job cuts.
This time, Horwath offered a mea culpa.
"There's no doubt that we have some learning to do in terms of how we approached our campaign," said Horwath, who faces a leadership review in the fall.
"It's something that I take seriously and that I'm very concerned about."
Horwath pledged to hold the Liberals, who emerged from the election with a majority government, to account on education issues, such as abandoning standardized testing, finding new uses for unused schools and reducing class sizes.
The NDP will take the government to task for any gaps between what they promised and what they deliver, they said.
"I would submit to you: isn't there another gap between what you're saying today and what we heard — or rather what we didn't hear — during the election campaign," said another ETFO member.
Another union member asked Horwath how they can hold the government accountable when they triggered an election that robbed their party of any clout it had in a minority parliament.
ETFO, which represents about 76,000 education workers, is headed to the negotiation table with the Liberals and school boards as its current contracts expire Aug. 31.
Two years ago, the union and others went to war with the Liberals over imposed contracts that froze pay and limited their ability to strike.
But many public sector unions helped the Liberals defeat the Tories in the election over Hudak's disastrous promise to cut 100,000 public sector jobs to help slay Ontario's $12.5-billion deficit in two years.
Although the Liberals promised not to shrink the public sector, they have said that there's no new money for compensation as they try to balance the books in 2017-18.
ETFO president Sam Hammond said the Liberals don't owe the union anything.
"What we want to do is go into bargaining in a respectful way with all three parties and negotiate respectfully and try to find solutions to the items that are put on the table," they said.
Also on HuffPost
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Southampton is not going to let Virgil Van Dijk go quietly into Liverpool.
Saints have been adamant they have no plans to sell the star center back, and are upset with the Reds apparent pursuit of their best player.
Van Dijk, 25, has been tipped to choose Liverpool over Man City and Chelsea, and Saints didn't want to sell them in the first place. Reports say they aren't happy at all.
[ MORE: Lukaku knows their next stop ]
Southampton feels that Liverpool has taken the latest in a series of steps aimed at raiding St. Mary's, as the Reds have purchased Adam Lallana, Sadio Mane, Nathaniel Clyne, and others from the South Coast set.
Liverpool has rejected the notion that it's “tapped up” Van Dijk, and Yahoo's Kevin Palmer says the club will aim to remedy its relationship with Saints.
From Yahoo! Sports:
The next move in this increasingly fractious transfer story is likely to come from Liverpool, who will look to assure Southampton that they have not held talks with Van Dijk over a move, before trying to find agreement on what may be one of the transfer stories of the summer.
Saints chairperson Ralph Krueger made strong statements regarding the club's lack of need to sell any players, in particular Van Dijk, this summer.
At the same time, turning down $65 million for a center back isn't something you'll see from many clubs in the world. If Van Dijk wants the move, expect it to get worked out before the end of summer.
In addition to being a veritable breeding ground for future Reds, Van Dijk and Southampton have been a thorn in Liverpool's side on the pitch. This move would go a long way towards remedying the latter.
Follow @NicholasMendola
Germany's new rent control law, which came into force in Berlin this month, has been cited as a possible answer to Britain's housing crisis. It aims to prohibit landlords from jacking up rents for new tenants to more than 10% above the local average. But don't get your hopes up. The legislation amounts to little more than a paper tiger that fails to protect the country's renters.
Berlin becomes first German city to make rent cap a reality Read more
German renters' rights groups have panned the law, pointing out that it places the burden of enforcement on the renters, and lacks any sort of penalty for errant landlords who raise rents in excess of the 10% cap.
Here's how it works: a couple, say, finds an apartment, but they sense that the rent is too high. Or they might ask others in the building or the previous tenant what they pay. Despite misgivings, the couple must actually sign the rental contract containing the illegal rent increase and then take the rental company to court after moving in. In court, they must prove that the rent has been increased more than the legally allowed 10% as set out in regional “mietspiegel” guides (Berlin's is here), which German cities have compiled for every block and building in the nation. The owner, in turn, can choose from a list of several exceptions to the law to justify their, say, 30-50% rent increase. If the couple should lose, they could have to pay all of the court costs. Oh, and they might be evicted.
It's a ridiculous process that encourages conflict and duplicity. And I should know – I accidentally became one of the first people in Germany with a reason to test the law, which passed in March and was implemented in Berlin on 1 June, with a nationwide rollout to follow.
Given the hype that surrounded the law's passage, I thought taking over my friend's apartment would be straightforward. Average by any measure, the apartment sits mere metres from the resplendent Bergmannkiez, a lush green neighbourhood that was popular with hippies and squatters in the 70s and 80s, but now ranks as one of the city's most desirable districts. The idea was that my friend would inform the rental company of my interest and I would sign a contract for a move-in date of 15 August.
“They're probably going to raise the rent,” my friend noted. “But it can't be more than 10% – there's that new law, after all.” They were wrong.
“The new rent is €878.50 plus €275.30 in monthly utilities,” said our rental agent. “So you'll be paying €1,153.80 every month.”
My friends were paying €630 plus €276 in utilities, for a grand total of €906 a month. My rent would be 39% higher – an apparent violation of the city's new law.
“Unfortunately, this new law encourages building owners to test out higher rents,” noted Rainer Wild of Berlin's Mieterverein renters' legal defence league. “There's really no risk for them unless people begin to take legal action, as we hope they will.”
To determine the legal rent increase after 1 June, Wild asked me to fill in a six-page questionnaire about the apartment. After plugging data from the questionnaire into a formula, they determined that the legal rent increase was 7%. There are ways to calculate this yourself using various online guides, but Wild's organisation helps its members with this process.
I hung up the phone, dejected with my lawyer's analysis and unsure of whether I wanted to walk into a legal battle
My lawyer agreed with Wild's assessment and urged me to follow their advice: to smile, sign the contract despite the rent increase, move in, and then sue in court.
“If you complain about the rent hike before you move in, they won't give you the apartment,” my lawyer noted. “Of course, they will probably try to evict you if you pay less than what's in the rental contract. But we can challenge that.”
I hung up the phone, a bit dejected with my lawyer's analysis and unsure of whether I actually wanted to walk into a legal battle. As it stands, I don't think I will. And that's just what Germany's real estate lobby was betting would happen.
Yet Britain can emulate the good parts of this law – if policymakers in London avoid lobbyists' attempts at watering down rental reforms, as happened in Germany.
A UK iteration of this rental control law should have teeth. It should place the legal burden on owners, with penalties for those who break the rules.
Pitting families and individuals against global real estate funds and their teams of lawyers – as Berlin's law unfortunately does – is not a solution the UK should seek to replicate.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
BRENDAN RODGERS' imminent move to Liverpool FC has moved a step closer after the Reds agreed a compensation package with Swansea City for the Ulsterman.
A deal, believed to be in the region of £5million, has been settled for Rodgers, following lengthy talks between the two clubs over the last day or so.
Rodgers will now put pen to paper on what is understood to be a three-year deal at Anfield, and is expected to be unveiled in the next 24 hours.
The 39-year-old former Reading and Watford boss will be bringing with them three key members of their backroom staff at the Liberty Stadium, with packages also agreed for their assistant Colin Pascoe, their conditioning expert Glen Driscoll and their chief match analyst Chris Davies.
Swansea revealed in a statement on Wednesday that Rodgers had informed chairperson Huw Jenkins of their desire to replace Kenny Dalglish at Anfield, and that they would be heading to Merseyside once compensation had been agreed.
That has now been sorted, with the total cost of Rodgers and their staff estimated to be around £7million.
Liverpool are yet to officially comment on the matter, but are likely to unveil their new man by the end of the week.
More on Brendan Rodgers
Neil Jones' analysis: Bold appointment of Brendan Rodgers is start of a new era at Liverpool FC
Brendan Rodgers' backroom staff at Liverpool FC: Profiles of their three key men
Liverpool FC legend Robbie Fowler warns Brendan Rodgers they face massive challenge at LFC
Brendan Rodgers has conquered Mount Kilimanjaro, but has to hit new heights for Liverpool FC
Timeline of Liverpool FC's hunt for a new manager since Kenny Dalglish was sacked
This week the guys are joined by former Whitecaps midfielder Mauro Rosales to talk about their time with the Caps, Olympic Gold medals, their career in Europe and the growth of MLS and much more.
Mark and Jorge also make a very special announcement regarding the future of the show!
GUEST:
Mauro Rosales - Twitter / FC Dallas official website
SUPPORT THE SHOW:
Become a From The Backline partner and get cool rewards like an exclusive extra episode per month, access to Live Q&A video streams and more. Get all the details in our Patreon Page:
From the Backline is creating Podcasts
MUSIC:
Turn! Turn! Turn! - The Byrds / Matador - Los Fabulosos Cadillacs / Morning Dew - Nora en Pure
FEEDBACK:
E-mail: fromthebackline@outlook.com
Twitter: @FromTheBackline
Facebook: From the Backline Podcast
You can also download or subscribe to the From the Backline podcast on iTunes, Stitcher, Tune-in, Pocket Casts or with show's RSS feed
Visit the website of the show for all the episodes and show notes.
If you have a question or comment for a future episode, then please send us an email at fromthebackline@outlook.com or throw a tweet our way at @fromthebackline or by using the hashtag #FTBLPOD
Follow @86forever
This podcast may not be used or reproduced in whole or in part without the express written consent of From the Backline, its hosts or its agents.
Copyright 2016 From the Backline. All rights reserved.
WiFi has easily been one of the most useful technologies of the past decade—so many of our daily tasks and the devices we use rely on it. But it's on the verge of getting a whole lot better.
Technology upgrades we'll see within the next year or so will make WiFi much smarter and more efficient in how it distributes signals. It'll be so fast, and integrated into so many devices, that you may finally get to dump a lot of those cables cluttering your living room.
We talked about some of these upcoming advancements a few months back. Evolving WiFi standards were also a hot topic at last week's Interop Las Vegas conference, where panelists and tech experts we interviewed updated us on the progress of the new standards and technologies that will improve our wireless lives.
What's happening is the development of 802.11ac technology, which will triple speed by making better use of the 5GHz band, and “beamforming” technology to enhance signal quality. The shorter-range, but higher-throughput 60GHz frequency is also being put to good use in the 802.11ad specification, and will allow speeds of up to 7 gigabits per second across short distances (like your living room), potentially making many of the cables we use today unnecessary. 802.11ac products will theoretically push data at a rate of 1.3 gigabits per second and power wireless networks for whole homes rather than just single rooms.
802.11ac is on track for IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) certification in December, or perhaps later if there are unforeseen delays, according to Technical Director Greg Ennis of the WiFi Alliance industry group. The Alliance is already conducting “plugfests” to test prestandard equipment and expects to have a final certification program ready in early 2013. Certification of 60GHz technology will happen a bit later than 802.11ac, but also in 2013.
Early products are out—are they safe to buy?
You may already be seeing 802.11ac products on the market, and there are a couple of things you should know before actually buying them. For one thing, the 802.11ac standard could change between now and final approval, potentially making prestandard products incompatible with future ones. Second, taking advantage of speeds offered by routers based on the new standards requires hardware upgrades for personal equipment—laptops, smartphones, tablets, WiFi-enabled TVs—that may not be possible depending on their configuration.
So, the transition to 802.11ac and 802.11ad could be costly. Obviously, you'll need a new router, but hopefully only one. Industry executives expect future equipment to be “tri-band,” working across the 2.4GHz, 5GHz, and 60GHz frequencies, which is a good thing.
Those smartphones, laptops, and PCs you own right now will connect to both old and new routers thanks to backwards compatibility, but they won't get the speed advantages of the new specifications. In a laptop or desktop, depending on the configuration, you might be able to upgrade the wireless mini card to gain compatibility with 802.11ac and 802.11ad. But laptops such as the MacBook Air or Ultrabooks are mostly made up of components that aren't replaceable by a user, and thus will have to stick to 802.11n speeds.
As for whether it's safe to buy 802.11ac equipment prior to the standard being finalized, the answer seems to be “probably.” As we've noted before, the likes of Broadcom, Netgear, and Buffalo have already unveiled 802.11ac products, even though the specification hasn't been approved by the IEEE yet.
Spec work is pretty far along, and major changes aren't expected before passage. At this point, the work is mainly in making sure that the specification is crystal clear so that it can't be interpreted differently by different vendors, Ennis told Ars.
There were interoperability problems with precertification equipment back around 2006 prior to the adoption of 802.11n, but the WiFi Alliance and vendors say the industry has learned its lesson. With 11ac, vendors waited until the spec hit a certain level of maturity to start building products, caution they did not exercise in years past.
While the WiFi Alliance isn't predicting major problems if you buy 802.11ac equipment now, it's not explicitly recommending it either, given that the spec could change. Others feel more confidence, or less caution, if you prefer. Matthew Gast, director of product management for Aerohive Networks, said in an Interop WiFi panel that at this point it would be difficult to change the standard in any major way. A 75 percent vote is needed, and any changes would fall hard on chipmakers, who make up 35 to 40 percent of the voting pool, Gast said.
The standard is already in good shape, and the existence of equipment based on its draft form serves as a straight jacket preventing big changes. “No one wants to change it in a way that's not interoperable,” they said.
When asked by an Interop attendee if it's safe to buy 802.11ac equipment today, they said “yes, it's a safe investment.”
The question will be moot once the specification passes and the WiFi Alliance starts certifying devices, of course. If you want to take the risk and buy an 802.11ac router today, one option comes from Buffalo, which began selling routers and media bridges based on the new standards this week. Netgear also got its new routers to market this week, one day after Buffalo.
Goodbye cables, hello faster media streaming
For home users, the speedier WiFi will be most useful for streaming from one device to another, as the WiFi speeds will far outstrip typical Internet download speeds.
The routers from Buffalo and Netgear are limited in that they support transmission at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, but not 60GHz. But as time goes on, “tri-band” routers supporting all three wavelengths will become increasingly common.
Mark Grodzinksy, VP of marketing for Wilocity, a vendor that plans 60GHz products, says “Everything you can do today in WiFi you will be able to do in WiFi at 60GHz,” just much faster and over limited distances. Five to seven gigabits per second from 60GHz technology outstrips or matches wired speeds from USB 3.0, they noted.
If you can get the same speeds wirelessly that you get today with wires, the need for cables and devices with a lot of ports will dramatically decrease, they said. Why even bother with wires for external storage? they asked.
“With 5 to 7 Gigabits per second speed, you can really start to replace everything,” Grodzinsky said.
Granted, Grodzinsky has a vested interest here as marketing guru for Wilocity. But it's easy to be tempted by the possibilities. Sure, we can already stream movies from a PC to a TV. But, as Ennis notes, at five to seven gigabits per second you'll be streaming uncompressed, higher-quality movies, or transferring whole movies from one device to another much faster than you can today. Got some high-def, 3D games on your PC? Stream them to your TV to play on a bigger screen without cables.
As for 802.11ac, the use of the 5GHz band and beamforming technology will greatly improve WiFi performance in homes and in congested public WiFi zones, Ennnis said.
Beamforming creates a more focused signal that extends range and lessens the possibility of signals interfering with each other, Ennis explained. The industry was never able to settle upon a single method of beamforming for 802.11n, but 802.11ac will implement the technology in an interoperable, multivendor fashion, said Rolf De Vegt, senior director of technology at Qualcomm.
The benefits of beamforming multiply as you add antennas to access points, Ennis said. While 802.11ac provides for 1.3 Gigabit per second throughput, Ennis says “the overall capacity of an 802.11ac installation with a single multiantenna access point will be several times that, because you can reuse that bandwidth, basically by directing the signals individually to different stations that are arranged spatially. Not only is ac going to be giving you a data rate increase for your specific data transfers, but it will be increasing capacity of the airwaves because of this beamforming capability.”
WiFi is constantly evolving, and it's not just 802.11ac and 802.11ad driving the changes. As discussed at Interop, the WiFi Alliance is also pushing out the Passpoint program, which seeks to make public WiFi hotspots as easy to connect to as cellular networks; a Voice-Enterprise certification to improve the quality of voice calls over WiFi; a certification program enabling extended power save features based on 802.11v; and a new smart grid standard using WiFi to connect household appliances, consumer electronics, and automobiles, helping to manage their energy use. Testing and certification for the power-saving and smart grid programs are expected in mid-to-late 2013.
At large scales, going all-wireless still isn't easy
The Interop conference was an appropriate setting to discuss WiFi standards, and not just because it's attended heavily by IT executives who are responsible for wireless networks in business settings. The conference itself, with some 13,000 attendees and a busy show floor with hundreds of vendors, needs a strong wireless network.
But the InteropNet, as the show's temporary network is called, isn't all wireless. InteropNet Lead Engineer Glenn Evans told Ars that they had dual gigabit-Ethernet connections coming into the Mandalay Bay conference center and used about 70 percent of that bandwidth. While the InteropNet provided excellent WiFi access throughout the conference area for users roaming from session to session, the real challenge is getting connectivity onto the show floor.
Evans hasn't adopted any pre-standard 802.11ac equipment for the InteropNet, but makes heavy use of the 5GHz band to get bandwidth to the show floor, due to congestion in 2.4GHz. The InteropNet sent wireless signals from four Xirrus WiFi systems, each with 16 radios. But Evans also has wired connections going to each vendor that requests it, just in case. Current WiFi technology does have its limitations, especially in the 2.4GHz band, in which “we have essentially three channels we can use without interference,” Evans said.
“I have this dream that at some time in the future I'll be able to do a whole show totally wireless,” Evans said. “The reality is I'm still probably two or three years away from being able to do that. It involves a lot of planning and a lot of cooperation amongst all the exhibitors out there.”
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Netflix has been unhappily paying internet providers to stream its shows properly
The streaming video service Netflix has agreed to pay US telecoms giant AT&T to ensure its content is delivered to users smoothly.
AT&T, which reached the agreement in May, said: "We're now beginning to turn up the connections, a process that should be complete in the coming days."
Netflix has already reached similar agreements with Verizon and Comcast.
But the streaming service is opposed to paying the fees to broadband providers, amid a debate over "net neutrality".
Net neutrality is the principle that all data on the internet should be treated equally.
Verizon earlier this year challenged the US telecoms regulator, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), in court and won, paving the way for US internet service providers (ISPs) to start charging fees to carry bandwidth-hungry data such as movies and TV shows on its networks.
In March, Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings hit out against ISPs such as Verizon for demanding a fee to maintain video quality. But Netflix has agreed to pay them to establish a direct connection to its network to ensure content is delivered to users' homes.
Earlier this month, the FCC was deluged with submissions in a public consultation - receiving more than 780,000 comments - about internet providers' right to charge other firms for "fast-lane" data delivery before the regulator passes new rules on the issue in September.
Netflix has been expanding across Europe and recently said it now had 50 million users in more than 40 countries.
Raman has been studying how the bug processes smell for years now. They and their team found that locusts can identify particular scents, such as those they're trained to detect, even in the presence of other odors. Raman believes the cyborg bugs will be much more effective than robots, because their antennae have a ton of natural sensors. "Why reinvent the wheel? Why not take advantage of the biological solution?" they asked. "That is the philosophy here. Even the state-of-the-art miniaturized chemical sensing devices have a handful of sensors. On the other hand, if you look at the insect antenna, where their chemical sensors are located, there are several hundreds of thousands of sensors and of a variety of types."
To turn ordinary locusts into bomb-sniffing machines, the engineers plan to implant an electrode into their brains to hijack their antennae and read electrical activity. Since operators need to get whatever info the bugs collect, the researchers are also developing a tiny backpack that can transmit data. The receiver's red LED lights up in the presence of explosives, while the green LED lights up in the absence of any.
Finally, the engineers plan to tattoo the bugs' wings with biocompatible silk that can convert light into heat. A laser, probably installed on the backpack, will allow an operator to control the cyborg bug. Focus the laser on the left wing to make the insect go left, and vice versa. It will function much like a remote-controlled drone. If Raman and their team don't hit a snag along the way, they could be testing the first prototypes within a year's time and could be done within two.
With the offseason at hand, a veteran hitter for the heart of the order is atop the agenda for the Philadelphia Phillies, and the front office is also hoping to add outfielder Roman Quinn‘s speed to the lineup in April.
But while fans have differing opinions on the next course of action, only general manager Matt Klentak will be responsible for the upcoming decisions. So, figuring out what the Philadelphia Phillies GM will do requires weighing their visible options.
The Right Fit:
When one factors in the cost, the risk, outside considerations, the commitment and its length, timing is the only influential element remaining.
Examining the stats on their computer, Klentak relives 2016's highs and acknowledges their regulars' shortcomings. And, recently, they revealed the players he's happy with: Tommy Joseph, Freddy Galvis, Cesar Hernandez and Cameron Rupp. But after the head honcho pencils in Maikel Franco and Odubel Herrera, what holes are obvious? The corner outfield spots.
With the countdown to the final game, Double D, a poster from another site, posed a question regarding the Phils' weak outfield production. Well, firstly, this area must improve for the next campaign because the pipeline has not filled these two openings.
In the past, the Dom Browns had every opportunity to succeed, but the current crew moves on more quickly than their predecessors. So, Darin Ruf, Cody Asche and Tyler Goeddel are competing for bench roles, but Goeddel will probably end up with the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs. Of course, including one in a trade package is another avenue the higher-ups will explore, unless a reserve outfielder decides to ink a deal in Japan.
Becoming a bench piece because of their batting average, Aaron Altherr hasn't succeeded either. And Nick Williams will need another summer with Lehigh Valley to dramatically improve their plate discipline; moreover, Klentak isn't counting on either for 2017. However, Double D, neither outfielder has an elite tool: Quinn has speed, catcher Jorge Alfaro has power, and Vince Velasquez has 95-mph smoke. In other words, Quinn–.263 with 5 SB and a .373 OBP–will have the best shot at hitting second on Opening Day if they impress the brass in spring training.
CanCats.net is a participant in the Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to is a participant in the Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to . (It's one of the ways we keep the lights on basically. ☺)
Time for a fascinating cat fact; did you know that in life threatening situations it is possible to give a cat a blood transfusion using canine blood?
In fact a xenotransfusion (the transfusion of blood from another species) of canine blood to cats used to be a relatively common procedure in the U.K and is still performed in countries where the availability of Oxyglobin, (a haemoglobin-based oxygen carrier solution) is scarce.
When treating an anaemic cat where compatible feline blood cannot be obtained, a vet can perform a transfusion with canine blood.
The interesting issue here is that felines do not have any naturally occurring antibodies against canine red blood cell antigens.
There have been various studies carried out regarding the practice and no severe acute adverse reactions have ever been reported. In fact, anaemic cats receiving canine blood are said to improve clinically within hours.
However, there is a somewhat serious caveat: after receiving the transfusion, the cat will very quickly produce their own antibodies against the canine red blood cells. This will occur within 4-7 days of the transfusion, leading to the destruction of the transfused canine red cells in a delayed haemolytic reaction.
The average lifespan of the transfused canine red cells is less than 4 days. Because of the rapidly produced antibodies, repeated transfusion with canine blood later than 4-6 days after the first transfusion causes anaphylaxis, which is in most cases fatal.
So it is very much a one time only procedure.
The subject of xenotransfusions is an interesting one. Early pioneers such as Jean-Baptiste Denis, attempted early blood transfusions across species with humans back in the 1600's.
However the practice was completely abandoned following the discovery of blood groups by Karl Landsteiner in 1900.
From 2000, due to progress in xenotransplantation and the need of blood supply, it is once again being considered for humans. Pigs are so far the best potential donors.
However, the main obstacle to porcine red blood cell transfusion remains. Namely the cellular response involving macrophages or natural killer cells, i.e how to stop our bodies from automatically producing antibodies against the transfusion.
Source: Xenotransfusion of Canine Blood to a Cat Weingram, T. Hakfar Hayarok Veterinary Hospital, Hakfar Hayarok, Ramat Hasharon 47800.
report this ad
NCBI Publication Review: Xenotransfusion with canine blood in the feline species
NCBI – Xenotransfusions, past and present
As the federal election crawls to its end, Canada's newspapers are telling their readers who they think is the best party to lead this glorious country.
The Toronto Star endorsed Justin Trudeau's Liberals. The Edmonton Journal chose Stephen Harper's Conservatives.
And on Friday, the Globe and Mail chose the Conservatives — without Harper.
The paper argued in an editorial Friday the Conservative party deserves to be re-elected, and if that happens, its leader must "quickly resign."
"The Conservative Party, in government or out, has to reclaim itself from Stephen Harper," the editorial states.
The argument confused plenty of people on Twitter, who naturally reacted with an amazing addition to the election: the #MoreGlobeEndorsements hashtag:
Globe endorses BLT: hold the bacon, hold the lettuce, hold the tomato. #MoreGlobeEndorsements #elxn42 — Jeff Meldrum (@jeffmeldrum) October 16, 2015
Globe & Mail is pleased to endorse Hall. But not Oates. #MoreGlobeEndorsements #Elxn42 — Kelly B (@K_elly_B) October 16, 2015
That Jays game, but without Bautista's homer #MoreGlobeEndorsements — Will (@HeyMyNameIsWill) October 16, 2015
Gone Without The Wind #moreglobeendorsements — Steve V (@FarAndWide) October 16, 2015
JD Power but not Associates #MoreGlobeEndorsements — Jeremy Woodcock (@jwPencilAndPad) October 16, 2015
CROSBY & STILLS & NASH & NOT YOUNG #MoreGlobeEndorsements — Jeremy Woodcock (@jwPencilAndPad) October 16, 2015
Canada's electoral race ends Monday, but Twitter is forever.
Also On HuffPost:
After a St. Paul man's garage was burglarized earlier this year, they decided to install a surveillance camera.
“I guess it was well warranted,” said Wade McEwen on Thursday, the day after the camera recorded a man who walked up from the alley and stole McEwen's bicycle from their Como driveway.
McEwen posted the video on social media, with the hope that someone will recognize the thief and their bike will be found.
On Wednesday, the 36-year-old was getting ready to ride their bike to play soccer in a men's league when they noticed it was gone from their driveway near Como Avenue and Pascal Street. The theft happened 15 to 20 minutes earlier, the camera footage showed, at 7:08 p.m.
McEwen had modified the orange Gravity Deadeye Monster 17″ fatbike, adding an electric motor, and said it's worth about $1,100. McEwen especially used the bike with their dog — the pup likes to run and their leash attaches to the bike.
Police say anyone with information about the bike thief can call them at 651-291-1111.
I read your analysis of Dumbledore as an INFJ, and it makes a certain amount of sense, but I'm wondering if you ever considered INTJ, and if so, what informed your call for your final decision.
I've been thinking about this a lot over the past couple of days, and keep getting a nagging sense that the Te-Fi polarity would be better suited towards him. Here's my reasoning:
Dumbledore is obviously playing a long game—no one doubts that, and their Ni really shines here. But I think their almost gamified approach to problems indicates a strong pull towards Extraverted Thinking. We find this when we meet Aberforth in Deathly Hallows, who, for a lot of readers, helped to pull away our veil of idealism and recognize Dumbledore's chess-like approach to the people in their life. He's strategic, and recognizes their need to make sacrifices in the game, even if it's himself. Or if it means putting their “King” piece in an abusive home, just to protect him.
I've heard the analysis of the difference between Te and Fe as a difference in the perception of power—for good or evil—of information vs. emotion. SO MUCH of Dumbledore's planning has to do with the ultimate question of “who knows what when”. They strategically give or withholds information to/from their players, using legilimency more frequently as a way of gathering information, rather than emotion. In Deathly Hallows they set the trio on a wild goose chase, overestimating their abilities to unravel theirs clues.
Dumbledore themselves admits that their greatest failures come when they lean to heavily upon their own feelings and convictions. They allowed Grindelwald to practically rip the world in two before stepping in, all because of their devotion to him.
We also see how their Fi lacks maturity throughout the series, especially in Order of the Phoenix, where they completely neglected Harry's emotional needs, which ultimately put them in mortal danger and lead to the death of Sirius. Their eccentricities eventually make it impossible for them to bridge the gap between themselves and the ministry, making them less of the kind of diplomat Fe would allow, and more of a stubborn toddler who prefers to undermine the forces that be.
Again, I REALLY appreciate the work that you do on this blog! Your analyses of characters have helped me profoundly in pinpointing my best fit type, and understanding how interpersonal dynamics play out. Keep it up!
Very best,
Drew
I appreciate your thoughts. Thanks for sending them in. :)
Here's my counter-argument.
Dumbledore leaves three teenagers with no specific set of instructions to fumble their way through defeating the Dark Lord and figure it out for themselves.
Think about Hermione for a moment. Would they do that? No.
Compare them to other Te users in that franchise and in literature in general. High Te has a reputation of being “controlling” for a reason. When a Te wants something done, it does not leave things to change. It is frank, straightforward, and easily understood. Harry spends the last couple of books puzzling over whether they really even knew Dumbledore at all, and unable to understand their choices. They never understands any of them, until Dumbledore explains them. (The same goes for all other Te's in the franchise, including McGonagall. “Why on earth are we leaving them in this awful place?!”) Dumbledore makes a choice that makes sense to him, and does not really think about whether or not it will make sense to other people or not. That's low Ti.
Their desire for them to figure it out for themselves (without explicit instructions) is Ti. Te is a dictating function. It tells you what it wants, and how to accomplish it. It would lay out instructions for Harry to follow. Regardless of how nice / not nice they are, how dismissive they are of Harry's feelings, etc., their approach lacks Te because it's all internally based and not organizationally objective. You laid it out right here: “He strategically gives or withholds information to/from their players […] In Deathly Hallows they set the trio on a wild goose chase, overestimating their abilities to unravel theirs clues.“
What a waste of time when time is limited.
A Te would not leave something that important to chance in the eleventh hour, in the assumption three kids can get it. Smart as they may be, Te would organize the information and give it to them in a way they could easily grasp. The method of Te is, after all, to streamline something so anyone can do it.
Ti is the function that makes things more complex through total understanding.
Te is a “simplifying” approach. Follow these instructions.
Dumbledore's approach to Harry is Fe/Ti based. Their belief is “sacrifice the one for the many.” Snape (Te) calls them on this, because Snape does not agree with their moral objective (Fi). Fe places the good of the group (wizardkind) society above the individual (Harry). As much as Snape loathed Harry, that rubbed their Fi the wrong way because it was such a break with their own thinking process.
You cannot and should not look at Fe in terms of “the nice function” vs the Te “cold and detached” function. It isn't.
An INFJ sold on their vision for Harry Potter absolutely would put them in an abusive home, not tell them the reason, ignore their feelings, and make other mistakes for logical reasons. Dumbledore is not perfect. They do not handle Harry, much less Draco or Snape, as an INTJ would. If anything, and I say this with affection, they seize upon Snape in the heat of an emotional meltdown, aware of how to USE their feelings to turn Snape into their secret agent!
Young Dumbledore was very much guided by their ambitious Ni and Fe. Their Ti grew into more detachment and a tendency toward Ni/Ti loops (scheming plans only they fully understood and not sharing the details with anyone).
- ENFP Mod
In Queensland there are over 180,000 licensed firearm dealers who between them have ownership of over 800,000 firearms. While the Queensland Police Service collaborates with its interstate and national law enforcement partners to identify those persons involved in the illegal sale, distribution and possession of firearms, it remains incumbent on us to do everything we can to address firearm theft and the impact this has on the community.
Over the past 10 years police have identified a continued increase in the number of firearms reported stolen. While the number of firearms stolen is small compared to the number of weapons registered in Queensland, we want to take positive steps to address this trend and look to ways to reduce the number of illegal firearms entering into our communities.
Detective Inspector Lance Vercoe of the Organised Crime Unit stated the reality is that the theft of firearms can be attributed to the commitment of criminals and in some cases the complacency of firearm owners.
“We are not trying to scare people, we are simply trying to raise awareness. It is important for us all to play a part in the prevention of firearm theft. Firearm ownership is an emotive issue which is clear from the reactions and comments to these videos. The reality is the Queensland Police Service does work in partnership with other State and Commonwealth agencies to identify those persons involved in the illegal sale, possession, distribution, importation and manufacture of “weapons”,” Detective Inspector Lance Vercoe said.
“We acknowledge there is a healthy and generally responsible firearm community, however firearm theft in Queensland is increasing and whilst the number of reported firearms stolen (721 in 2015/16) is still small as compared to the number of firearms registered (800,000), it is a trend which should not be ignored.
“We are also committed to reducing the number of firearms being stolen and making Queensland a safer place to live and work. We make no apologies for taking steps to raise awareness of the realities of unsecured firearms.”
The QPS encourages anyone who has knowledge of those in possession of illicit firearms to report it directly to police or via Crime Stoppers.
If you have information for police, contact Policelink on 131 444 or provide information using the online form 24hrs per day.
You can report information about crime anonymously to Crime Stoppers, a registered charity and community volunteer organisation, by calling 1800 333 000 or via crimestoppersqld.com.au 24hrs per day.
Sun News Network, that fearless foe of state subsidies for the CBC, wants you, Dear Television Viewer, to directly subsidize it to the tune of $18 million a year.
Have no doubt, that's just the beginning, but it would nicely cover losses the company says now amount to a modest $17 million a year -- hardly a corporate killer, one would think, but apparently enough to get Sun News queuing up at the public trough.
It turns out, as others have discovered before them (Ted Byfield, c'mon down!) that there's not much of a market in Canada for the kind of market fundamentalist pap Sun News peddles -- at least when consumers have the choice not to pay for it.
There's even less of a market, by the sound of it, for the filthy language and outright hate-mongering indulged in by some of the network's so-called commentators.
Given the opportunity to choose to watch Sun TV, viewers run away in droves. And who can blame them with boring drivel like Ezra Levant's regular venomous rants about the Roma, Idle No More protesters, Hispanic business executives, environmentalists and anyone else who provokes their ill-managed anger to fill the seemingly interminable 24-hour broadcast day?
Now the so-called news channel, which disseminates anything but news, has gone with its grubby cap in hand to one of Levant's targets, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, to beg for the right to inject its poison directly into almost every Canadian home because it desperately needs the wholesale revenue that would then automatically flow back into its coffers.
To put this in broadcast-speak, Sun News and its separatist bosses at Quebecor Inc. want the CRTC to grant it "mandatory carriage," which means you can't keep it off your TV dial because it would be included in basic cable coverage everywhere in Canada. That way, I guess, it'll be easier for them to campaign against opposition parties led by committed federalists from Quebec, of which there will soon be two.
In the normal course of events, a broadcast regulatory agency like the CRTC is the sort of group that would provoke one of Levant's trademark jeremiads, complete with accusations it is staffed by civil servants itching to help out "union bosses" by "censoring" their harangues.
But for the moment, Levant and the chorus of right-wing hysterics employed by Prime Minister Stephen Harper's semi-official and ideologically approved state broadcaster are silent on the topic of the CRTC while they direct their supplications to it for a flow of public subsidies to be directed their way.
You see, Sun News Network is going deeper into the hole every day, with erstwhile Harper Government spokesthingy Kory Teneycke, now a vice-president of their former boss's favourite network, pleading that opening the money tap "is live or die for us."
For its part, the company claims it has market research that shows viewers would watch its programs if only they knew where to find them. But this is highly suspect, since cable companies push packages that include the network and viewers aren't biting.
The fact is, if you wish, you can get a well-run focus group to endorse a ham sandwich for prime minister -- which, come to think of it, is pretty much what Sun News Network spends its days doing right now to the minuscule audience of angry white gun-owning males and zitty-faced Internet trolls it has managed to attract so far.
The subsidy Sun News Network is seeking now would add up to about $4 a year from all cable subscribers to directly subsidize hate and propaganda, but you can count on it that, in the manner of all their ilk, the corporation will soon be back at the well for more.
So tell me, with Sun News imploring a federal agency for a quick infusion of cash from hard-pressed taxpayers, granted in the form of a bogus "user fee," where's the always noisy Canadian Taxpayers' Federation? They're like the proverbial cop, I guess, never around when you actually need them.
Regardless, according to the Globe and Mail, Sun News faces "stiff odds" in this effort, seeing as there are lots of other more credible and creditable broadcasters vying for the 10 channels that must be carried by all cable companies.
But Harper cronies and sympathizers are now deeply embedded in key positions at the CRTC and it has a proven track record of backing down and running away from confrontation with Sun News, as when the broadcast regulator hastily dropped its investigation of Levant's on-air obscenities last fall after the network issued a vague and insincere apology.
Given all that, I don't think we can count on the CRTC not to agree to put the Tory back into regulatory.
This post also appears on David Climenhaga's blog, Alberta Diary.
Felipe Calderon and Vicente Fox said the outspoken presidential candidate was stirring up hate like the Nazi dictator
Two former Mexican presidents have compared Donald Trump's to Adolf Hitler as the cross-border war of words over the Republican presidential frontrunner's immigration rhetoric intensified.
Mexicans fear Trump rhetoric is a poison that will infect US border policy Read more
Felipe Calderon, a conservative who was president of Mexico from 2006 to 2012, told reporters at an event in Mexico City on Saturday that Trump's political rhetoric was “racist” and evocative of the Nazi dictator.
“This logic of praising the white supremacy is not just anti-immigration,” Calderon said. “He is acting and speaking out against immigrants that have a different skin color than they do, it is frankly racist and [he is] exploiting feelings like Hitler did in their time,” Calderon said.
Calderon added that Trump's discourse was “sowing hate” against the United States around the world and that was “not in Washington's interest”.
Trump has accused Mexico of sending rapists and drug runners across the US border and has vowed to make Mexico pay for a wall on the border.
Jean-Marie Le Pen endorses Trump days after ex-KKK leader urges support Read more
Calderon's predecessor, Vicente Fox, also compared Trump to Hitler in an interview with Anderson Cooper on CNN.
“He's going to take the US back to the old days of conflict, war and everything. I mean, they remind me of Hitler. That's the way they started speaking,” Fox told Cooper in a phone interview.
“He has offended Mexico, Mexicans, and immigrants. They have offended the Pope. They have offended the Chinese. He's offended everybody.”
It is the second time Fox has hit out at Trump. Last week they said in another TV interview that they would “not pay for that fucking wall” and also called Trump “crazy,” a “false prophet” and an embarrassment to their party.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Vicente Fox attacks trump in a TV interview.
During a visit to Mexico's capital, Vice President Joe Biden apologised for the inflammatory rhetoric about Mexico in the campaign.
“Some of the rhetoric coming from some of the presidential candidates on the other team are I think dangerous, damaging and incredibly ill-advised,” Biden said on Thursday. “But here's what I'm here to tell you: They do not, they do not, they do not represent the view of the vast majority of the American people.”
A new Europol report today on terrorism in eight European Union member states finds that jihadist arrests doubled in 2016, rising for the third year in a row:
RELEASED! Europol's 2017 EU Terrorism Situation & Trend Report ( #TESAT17 ) - Overview of #terrorism in the EU in 2016 https://t.co/0iN6RnWyBS pic.twitter.com/AGlJf20JZF
#TESAT17 : 142 failed, foiled & completed terrorist attacks in the EU in 2016. 1002 arrests. Download report here: https://t.co/mMjkmWo2Zc pic.twitter.com/IxTnjVnz8X
#UPDATE Some 718 suspects were arrested on offences relating to jihadist terror in 2016, Europol says https://t.co/XT7n2vMV8t
The number of people arrested on suspicion of Islamic terrorism in Europe rose for the third year in a row https://t.co/hQO9ZiCHa5
Deutsche Welle reports:
The number of attacks dropped from 17 in 2014 to 13 last year, six of which were linked to the so-called "Islamic State" (IS) group.
The report noted that women and children, as well as young adults, were playing an increasingly important operational role.
One in four of those arrested in Britain in 2016 were women, an 18 percent increase from 2015, Europol said [...]
In total 1,002 arrests were made in 2016 relating to terror activities. France had the highest number of arrest at 456, with almost a third of those detained 25 years or younger, Europol said.
There were 142 "failed, foiled or completed terrorist attacks" including those by jihadis, more than half of them in the UK.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Congressman Henry C. “Hank” Johnson, Jr. (GA-04) today made the following statement today after the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted 3-2 to rollback rules on Net Neutrality.
“I condemn the FCC decision today to do away with Net Neutrality. U.S. taxpayers paid for the research and development of the World Wide Web, and we deserve for the Internet to remain a platform open to all content treated equally and without discrimination.
“An open Internet means access to all content and applications regardless of origin with no favoring of one source over another or any type of blocking or filtering. Openness is what drives growth and competition. Blocking content stifles innovation and creativity. Openness embraces our core value as Americans: equality of opportunity. Openness is who we are and what we are about.
“Openness also separates us from closed, autocratic societies that limit the information that people receive -- and thus the educational and cultural achievements that can be attained -- and the freedoms they enjoy. Look no further than the Great Firewall of North Korea, where people live in a closed society. North Korea is the antithesis of an open Internet. Any restriction on openness is a step towards a closed society. It's the wrong direction for America.
“I condemn the FCC's wrongheaded decision to undermine Internet openness through this rescission of net neutrality rules. History will not be kind to those who turned their backs on freedom and created rules today that quash an open Internet.
”Should the opportunity arise, I am open to working on a legislative solution that keeps the interests of the American people paramount.”
###
According to Peter Kafka of AllThingsD, and verified independently by my sources, podcasts in iOS 6 will have a dedicated app come this fall. Though the Podcast section is still present in desktop iTunes 10.6.3, released earlier this week, removing it from iOS 6 iTunes storefront indicates plans that a brand-new Podcast app is in the works. Another tell-tale sign: at first run, the iTunes app tells you the iTunes U section has moved to a dedicated app, released back in January. Oh, Audiobooks too are MIA…
Kafka writes over at the Wall Street Journal-owned AllThingsD blog:
People familiar with Apple's plans tell me that when its new iOS 6 software becomes widely available this fall, podcasts will have their own app, where users will be able to discover, download and play them on mobile devices. Users who access iTunes via laptop and desktop machines will still find them in that version of iTunes, though.
AppAdvice was first to notice this change two days ago. As you can see in a comparison below of the iTunes Store storefront app in iOS 5 and iOS 6, the Podcast section indeed is now a goner.
In addition to pulling the Podcast section (podcasts debuted on the iTunes Store with iTunes 4.9 release in mid-2005), plus Audiobooks and iTunes U from the mobile iTunes app, it's worth pointing out that last year's release of iOS 5 broke up the iPod app into separate Video and Music programs.
And with iBooks also being a separate app, it's increasingly looking that the company will break up iTunes media categories into separate apps.
Kafka speculates:
So the move to push podcasts completely into their own space may signal an effort to put iTunes on diet, something many Apple fans have asked for.
Whether or not the existing iTunes U app and rumored Audiobooks and Podcasts programs will ship with the iOS 6 operating system or be provided as optional downloads (as is the case with iBooks) remains to be seen.
We'll find out in fall, when Apple promised to release iOS 6 to the public.
Would you rather prefer a ‘one app fits all' approach to handling iTunes media in iOS 6?
Redbirds 4-0 For First Time Since 1967, Top WIU 23-3
MACOMB, Ill. - Darrelynn Dunn registered their third 100-plus rushing effort of the season and added two touchdowns, as No. 15 Illinois State (4-0, 1-0 MVFC) rolled to a 23-3 victory over Western Illinois (2-2, 0-1 MVFC) Saturday afternoon in the Missouri Valley Football Conference opener at Hanson Field in Macomb, Ill.
The victory improved the Redbirds to 4-0 on the season, their best start since 1967.
Dunn finished the game with 114 yards on 29 carries, scoring both of their touchdowns in the opening half. The offense outgained Western Illinois 373-137, with quarterback Matt Brown finishing the day 16-for-27 for 210 yards with one touchdown. Tyrone Walker led the receivers with five catches for 74 yards, but it was Jordan Neukirch 's 12-yard touchdown completion in the fourth quarter that capped the scoring. Brown finished the game with 8,251 career passing yards, which is tied with Kevin Glenn for the most in school history.
The ISU defense limited Western Illinois to only 137 yards of total offense, 55 of which came in the air. The Redbirds forced two turnovers, including Ben Ericksen 's fourth interception of the season. ISU now has seven interceptions this season, after totaling only three all of last year. Mike Zimmer led the Redbirds with 13 tackles and a sack, with Evan Frierson right behind with 11 tackles and a tackle-for-loss.
After forcing a Western Illinois to punt on the opening drive of the game, Illinois State logged a 16-play, 90-yard scoring drive to score first. Brown connected on passes to Walker, Donovan Harden and James O'Shaughnessy , while Dunn and Marshuan Coprich handled the running duties. A running-into-the-kicker penalty on fourth down gave ISU first-and-goal from the five-yard line. Three plays later Dunn leapt over the defense for the score, making it 7-0 in favor of the Redbirds.
ISU struck again to open the second quarter, after a 22-yard punt gave the Redbirds possession inside WIU territory. Brown's 14-yard completion to Lechein Neblett on third-and-15 set up fourth-and-one from the WIU 34-yard line. ISU head coach Brock Spack elected to go for it and Dunn went untouched on a 34-yard rushing score down the right hash marks. The extra point was blocked, making it 13-0 for ISU. Two minutes later, ISU added a 37-yard field goal from Nick Aussieker , giving the Redbirds a 16-0 lead going heading into halftime.
Western Illinois registered its only scoring drive of the day midway through the third quarter, as Pat Smith's 21-yard field goal made it 16-3. Quarterback Josh H-0udson struggled against the Redbird defense, finishing just 10-for-22 for 55 yards with one interception. Running back Nikko Watson led the Leathernecks' ground attack with 60 yards on 14 carries, but could not find the end zone.
Illinois State would put the game away on the next drive, covering 75 yards on seven plays. Brown's 12-yard completion to Neukirch capped the scoring, and marked the first receiving touchdown of Neukirch's career at Illinois State.
The Redbirds remain on the road next week, when they travel to South Dakota for a Missouri Valley Football Conference contest, Sept. 29. Kickoff is slated for 2 p.m.
GoRedbirds.com: Your online source for Illinois State Athletics, tickets, Weisbecker Scholarship Fund gifts, multimedia, Redbird merchandise, photos and more.
PayPal, having long ago charted the state-by-state regulatory waters for U.S. payments companies, is urging a reform to the rules in an effort that could ultimately help other players in its market.
"There's no question that PayPal wants to lead the discussion about new innovative and better regulatory models," says Brian Bieron, executive director of global public policy at eBay, which owns PayPal.
While "no regulation" is not a real solution, Bieron says, both established companies and startups can work collaboratively to push for regulation that meets their common goals.
In a new paper, PayPal recommends that regulators use data analytics to measure performance of a company and make regulations based on their findings, instead of basing regulations on design standards as happens today.
Data analytics "is something that hasn't been used in the regulatory setting," Bieron says. "Payments offers a great place to explore this because there's so much data and so much innovation going on."
Bieron is presenting the paper, "21st Century Regulation: Innovation and Growth" in Washington D.C. on Oct. 29 during a policy luncheon hosted by the Progressive Policy Institute.
PayPal will present localized versions of the paper in Singapore and Italy. Rohan Mahadevan, vice president of PayPal Asia Pacific and Hanne Melin, policy strategy counsel for Europe, the Middle East and Africa for eBay, will present the papers in their respective regions.
The paper advocates for SMART Governance, a decision-making model based on securing data on performance, using machines to organize databases, creating algorithms to derive insights, reassessing results and targeting insights to improve performance.
"There is a pretty chronic frustration in the technology industry as a whole that regulatory entities are too slow to keep up with the innovation happening," Bieron says. We want regulations "built on results instead of on defining the business model," they say.
For example, Know Your Customer rules could be improved, says Bieron. Design standards suggest that all customers are required to enroll for accounts in-person, but with businesses moving online this can be complicated, they say. Instead, businesses could leverage social networks and other online information sources as better indicators of a consumer's identity, they say.
Some players in the money transmitting market have talked about a single uniform license, similar to the process in the European Union, instead of the state-by-state licensing currently required in the U.S.
The Payment Services Directive in the European Union allows a regulated payment services provider in one country to expand into another country with the same licensing and supervision. The second country's authorities are notified and, if they choose, have 30 days to investigate further and object to the company doing business in their territory.
A dozen or more states have begun participating in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System, a portal that allows money transmitter startups to apply for several state licenses altogether, says Adam Atlas, an attorney at their own practice.
Atlas advises emerging payments players on regulatory processes.
"The work that states do in thinking about, reviewing, granting and auditing licensed entities is much more costly than it is profitable," says Atlas. "States stand to gain financially by cooperating at least on the [money transmitter] application."
PayPal currently provides services for 173 million consumers and businesses in 193 markets around the world.
PayPal is looking at SMART governance as a longer-term prospect, Bieron says. They suggest the reform is implemented in a safe harbor kind of environment, where the new model is running parallel to the old model.
This could be a good time for regulatory reform, as many regulators and payments companies are taking steps to understand each other and startups are being pushed to be proactive and pursue relationships with regulators.
The federal government has also been somewhat receptive to learning about new payment systems, such as the Bitcoin digital currency. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network recently hosted the Bitcoin Foundation, a trade group, to brief representatives from the FBI, IRS, FDIC and others on the nature of the virtual currency.
Bitcoin businesses came into the spotlight after Fincen published guidance in March categorizing exchangers and administrators as money services businesses. Many Bitcoin companies are having trouble getting started in the U.S. due to the cost and complexity of getting licensed in each state.
Plus most banks are hesitant to take on the risk of doing business with certain companies and regions. Recently Barclays, citing risk, dropped Dahabshiil, a Somali money transmitter, while U.S. Bancorp continued pursuing a relationship.
Credit: ABC/Syfy
Credit: John Cassaday (Dynamite Entertainment)
Press Release
The original 1970s Battlestar Galactica is coming to fight the more recent 2000s era BSG in a new 2018 event title to be published by Dynamite Entertainment. Peter David will write the series, with an artist to be announced.
"With all deference to Star Trek, Firefly... hell, even Space Cases... I firmly believe the recent Battlestar Galactica series is the best SF series ever," said David. "And in reviewing the original series for the first time in decades, I was amazed at how it held up far better than I ever could have believed. Forty years away from it being dismissed as a Star Wars rip-off, the first BSG had a style, story, and characters all its own and deserved far more than the truncated run it received. So I am thrilled to have the opportunity to be a part of this truly historic meeting, which was indeed set up in the new series: All of this has happened before, and it will happen again."
The as-yet-untitled event is kicked off with the discovery of Kali - "the last of the reptilian parent race that created the Cylons."
Credit: Dynamite Entertainment
"[That] serves as the catalyst for a face-to-face meeting between the crews serving Commander Adama (including Apollo and Starbuck, three characters immortalized on the small screen by actors Lorne Green, Richard Hatch, and Dirk Benedict, respectively) and Admiral William Adama (of the 2003 Reimagined BSG series, as played by Edward James Olmos)," reads the publisher's description. "Sparks will fly as Lee Adama, Kara Thrace, and their fellow Viper pilots meet their strangely familiar counterparts… and discover the threat that two colliding universes of Cylons pose!"
Dynamite has published BSG projects since its acquisition of the license in 2006, doing stories set in both eras.
"A crossover between the two versions of BSG is an idea that's been pursed several times before (and no wonder! How could you not want to see this happen?), but never came together for various reasons," said Dynamite Senior Editor Matt Idelson. "I'm lucky to get to be a part of this adventure, and to work with a writer whose work I've admired since before I was in the business. In addition to the wonderful sense of mystery and awe that Peter's bringing to the story, the level of humanity as the two crews meet is wonderful. I can't wait for folks to see this book."
(KUTV) More than 60 firefighters are battling a blaze up Millcreek Canyon this weekend, that police say started in a bizarre manner.
Sherriff Jim Winder says James Gill, 35, is under arrest facing second degree arson charges, along with resisting arrest after an altercation with police Friday night.
"We got a call about a disturbed individual and when officers responded, they tried to run, a bit of pursuit occurred and the man took off their shirt, lit it on fire and threw it in a tree," Sheriff Winder told 2News Saturday.
They say they don't know if it was meant as a distraction tactic to evade police, but it didn't work. Gill was taken into custody, but officers had to call in Unified Fire to help battle the blaze that spread quickly.
"This is demonstrative that every call - no matter how it's received - can turn into something very unusual," Sheriff Winder said.
RELATED:
Rocky terrain and limited access serves as a challenge to crews battling the blaze known as the Church Fork Fire. Three hot shot crews including one from Utah, Idaho and Alaska are hiking up to the five acre site to try and get a line around it. Another challenge to firefighters' efforts was a drone that was spotted in the area.
"It shuts everything down," Kim Osborn from the U.S. Forest Service told reporters that it happened just as they were about to get a bucket of water dropped from a helicopter.
"If you have a drone in the air and if you have a helicopter or tank flying low, it's dangerous," Osborn said, "It's unsafe. If they fly, we can't fly."
A similar situation that played out earlier this week in the Wheeler fire. Osborn says it is illegal to operate drones in areas under temporary restriction areas and suggested drone owners to acquaint themselves with the FAA's guidelines for when it is not allowed to fly in and around a working fire.
Meantime, dozens of families had to leave their homes early Saturday when word spread of the neighboring fire. At Mount Aire, a voluntary evacuation order was carried out to those living in cabins, summer homes and some full time residences.
"It was basically neighbor to neighbor," Joe Reimann who helped alert their community told 2News, "We got a call around 1:30 a.m. from the battalion chief to see if firefighters could gain access to this blaze through Mount Aire canyon."
Reimann says they let them in and then went home, only to be awakened a couple hours later with a warning to get out. They say around 4 a.m. they were going door to door to try and alert their neighbors, "There were some where we had to bang on the door awhile. They can sleep pretty soundly up here."
Jess Lassley talked to 2News as they were securing their load and making sure they had everything they needed as they packed up their two kids, dog and cat and drove out of the canyon, "These guys know what they're doing. I'm confident they'll be able to get this one under control."
They said they had as similar scare about a month earlier when a blaze was sparked at a nearby gun range and asked for people to be more cautious when they are in the mountains during the dry summer months, "Just common sense. Kicking out a fire, not shooting firearms when the fire danger is high. I think a little common sense can go a long way."
Unified Fire Authority said Saturday afternoon the blaze had consumed approximately 5 acres and was 20 percent contained. They hoped to get it under control by Saturday night.
The main road through Millcreek Canyon has been closed and all trails in the area, due to the fire.
A shelter was established for evacuees at Millcreek Community Center at 2266 East Evergreen Avenue.
After much hand-wringing (and some interesting emails), LSU and Florida are set to play this weekend, salvaging what is otherwise the usual down week before the conclusion of the regular season. So before you get to the Iron Bowl, Egg Bowl and all the other great games next weekend, the Tigers and Gators will get you through. Can Florida clinch the East? Can Ed Orgeron get another resume-building win?
Let's get on with the picks. Also, visit our college football PickCenter page for additional information on these games and many more.
Florida at LSU
1 p.m. ET, SEC Network
NAME PICK SCORE Edward
Aschoff 27-14 David
Ching 31-17 Sam
Khan Jr. 27-13 Greg
Ostendorf 24-17 Alex
Scarborough 24-20
Missouri at Tennessee
3:30 p.m. ET, CBS
NAME PICK SCORE Edward
Aschoff 44-21 David
Ching 30-20 Sam
Khan Jr. 45-31 Greg
Ostendorf 38-20 Alex
Scarborough 34-24
Arkansas at Mississippi State
7 p.m. ET, ESPNU
NAME PICK SCORE Edward
Aschoff 27-24 David
Ching 28-21 Sam
Khan Jr. 38-35 Greg
Ostendorf 31-28 Alex
Scarborough 28-27
Ole Miss at Vanderbilt
8 p.m. ET, SEC Network
NAME PICK SCORE Edward
Aschoff 31-10 David
Ching 35-14 Sam
Khan Jr. 27-17 Greg
Ostendorf 24-14 Alex
Scarborough 30-21
More unanimous picks:
NEW YORK
Bryan Murray may go shopping on Broadway.
First, they have to decide if he's willing to pay the price — and anybody who has made a trip to New York knows you have to be a big spender to truly enjoy a trip to Manhattan.
With the NHL entry draft set for Sunday at the Prudential Center in New Jersey, the Senators GM spent part of Thursday working the phones to see if they can move up from No. 17 and find that elusive Top 6 forward the club needs.
Murray could get a little help if captain Daniel Alfredsson confirms Friday he'll be back to play next season. The Senators are confident he'll play, but are waiting for the final answer before the draft.
Since the prices are expected to be high when the thin free agent market opens July 5, the Senators might be better served acquiring a Top 6 winger through a trade. That's why Murray has been busy seeing what's out there.
Three league executives said Thursday the No. 1 target for many teams is Anaheim Ducks winger Bobby Ryan. Signed for $5.1 million through 2014-15, Ryan, 26, fits the bill for what Murray wants to add to their team.
Instead of bringing in an aging veteran just to provide leadership, Murray wants a player that will grow with the young core. Ryan's best years are ahead of them and this isn't the first time the Senators have coveted the young scorer.
The issue is simple: The Senators aren't alone in their pursuit, but they may be one of the few teams with the assets to make a deal happen. The talk is the Ducks would like to get a defenceman in return if they are going to move Ryan.
"He's the guy everybody wants," said a league executive Thursday.
Sources say the Ducks' asking price is high. They'll want a No. 1 pick, a defenceman or a top-end prospect in return for Ryan. The Philadelphia Flyers and San Jose Sharks are among those teams that have also had talks with Anaheim.
The Senators certainly have the prospects. Murray, assistant GM Tim Murray, director of player personnel Pierre Dorion, director of player development Randy Lee and the scouting staff have done a good job re-stocking the shelves.
Last year, the Senators were in on the Rick Nash sweepstakes with the Columbus Blue Jackets right up until it ended by offering up a package that included centre Mika Zibanejad and goalie Robin Lehner.
It died when Nash refused to waive their "no move" clause to come to Ottawa and chose a deal to the New York Rangers instead. The talk is the Ducks want defenceman Braydon Coburn and a No. 1 pick from Philly in exchange for Ryan.
There will be players other than Ryan that become available, but he's the most attractive option. The Oilers have made it clear they're willing to deal winger Ales Hemsky and the Senators have shown interest there in the past.
They might not be the right fit.
If the Senators aren't able to make a deal, then the possibility of going the free agent route exists. The club has to set aside between $4.5-to-$5 million to Alfredsson, 40, for a contract next season.
"He's better than any free agent we could sign," said Murray during a discussion with Ottawa media this week.
Still, there are options on the free agent market.
The Senators could take a run at Chicago Blackhawks winger Bryan Bickell. They were one of the club's top performers the playoffs, but there's a genuine belief that the former 67 wants to stay in the Windy City and might take less to be there.
If they do decide to test the market, a league executive noted "somebody is going to overpay him," and the Senators won't do that. Another possibility is Pittsburgh's Pascal Dupuis, who has had tremendous success with Sidney Crosby.
The draft festivities are the official kick-off to next season. If Murray doesn't come away with a Top 6 forward through trade this weekend, he'll certainly put the groundwork in place to try to get somebody.
bruce.garrioch@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @sungarrioch
Another day, another parenthetical note. It's probably worth repeating that these are just personal impressions, take them with a salt lick.
François-René Rideau spoke about XCVB, a packaging system for Common Lisp. Slides here. From what I gather, XCVB tries to make separate compilation of Lisp libraries more robust via mechanisms that isolate compile-time side-effects.
More interesting was where they headed at the end of their talk, and expanded on in a lightning talk: that the things that we do are intertwined with the stories we tell others and ourselves. The bad stories are about things. The better stories are about people making things.
Next up was a presentation by Gary King from Franz Inc., about AllegroGraph, a massive RDF triple-store capable of storing and searching billions and billions of triples. Specifically, as far as I could tell, it was about adding temporal and geospatial capabilities to queries -- so you could ask "Of the people that Bob called last week, who has a friend within 5 miles of the Boston area?"
It was quite impressive, but it makes me queasy too. Who has billions and billions of facts and needs to query them? Well, the CIA, the NSA, and similar organizations. Others too of course, epidemiologists for example, but that doesn't ease the quease.
Next up, something totally different. John Hastings lives in Nebraska and has a problem with grasshoppers -- they tend to eat up all of the grass that cattle graze on. Ranchers out there would douse their land with chemicals at any word of a grasshopper outbreak. But that's not good for the land, and it's also expensive. So they wrote an expert system to help ranchers say what the conditions are where they live, in Lisp, and help them decide what to do. The program gets deployed into peoples' web browsers via one of the Lisp-on-the-JVM projects. Voilà fewer chemicals!
Next, a talk by an engineer at Cadence Design Systems, on how they use Lisp to lay out certain kinds of electronics called "systems-in-a-package", such as the circuit boards and the amplifiers and conditioners and such. Their point appeared to be that giving the user a way to extend and specialize certain designs via generic functions lets them deliver applications without source, but still allow some extensibility. I didn't care for the "freedom subtracted" aspect, but seeing more about chip design processes was interesting.
Jorge Vallejos from the Vrije Universiteit in Brussels took the floor next. Their talk was on distributed computing within the Actors paradigm, whereby objects on different machines can reference and send messages to each other. The interesting part was how they used actors as containers for unadorned objects, and used generic functions to "invoke" remote objects. The meta-object protocol allowed them to extend base Lisp to have remote asynchronous procedure calls, while keeping a natural Lisp feel. It was fine, but something about RPC as a distributed programming metaphor doesn't sit right with me. I probably missed something.
Didier Verna followed, with a delightful talk comparing the speed of Common Lisp and C++. They work at a lab in France that does lots of numerical processing on images, and is the only Lisper in a roomful of C++ wizards. The funny thing is that they say they don't care about speed, because things are fast enough, but that they were tired of getting shit from their C++-loving coworkers, so they decided to do some measuring.
This guy is serious. This is their second paper in a projected series of 5 or so; their last installment showed that Lisp and C are comparable in speed. This talk compared instantiation time for C++ objects to instantiation of Lisp structures and CLOS objects, showing again that Lisp was comparable in speed with C++. Unfortunately the paper and slides don't appear to be online; I'll ask them about this.
Also, Verna gave a lightning talk in which they explained that Lisp is Jazz and Jazz is Lisp. When asked by the audience about other things, they explained that they were Jazz too. Also Lisp is Aikido, and buy their CD.
* * *
In a later post, I'll get to Sussman's talk on evolvability and robust design. It will take some thinking to summarize.
The New Orleans Pelicans are in "advanced negotiations" to lure assistant coach Darren Erman away from the Boston Celtics, according to ESPN's Marc Stein.
Stein reported early Tuesday that Erman visited New Orleans Monday to discuss a possible job. While no deal is finalized, they are being recruited as a key piece to Alvin Gentry's staff. One source told MassLive.com the Pelicans made their interest known before they hired Gentry to replace the fired Monty Williams, and that Erman could potentially become an associate head coach in New Orleans.
Boston hired Erman last summer for the second time after they and the Golden State Warriors went through a messy divorce. Despite their toxic end with then-Warriors coach Mark Jackson, Erman is viewed highly in many NBA circles. They helped shape the Celtics defense last season, and, like everyone on the staff, devoted a lot of time to player development.
Before getting traded, Rajon Rondo called Erman the best coach in the league at scouting reports and likened them to "a miniature (Tom) Thibodeau."
"He's really studied the game," Celtics head coach Brad Stevens said last season. "And I think that adds just another good, young ambitious guy that's really excited to help these guys get better. And they spend a lot of time, as do all of our assistants, with the individuals. That's as big of a key right now as anything else.
"Darren's really a great defensive coach," Stevens continued. "He's more than that. I think sometimes we pigeon-hole guys because he's obviously specialized in that. But they are detail-oriented as detail-oriented gets. If your hands aren't in the right place as you're guarding in a pick-and-roll, or if your body positioning's not at the right angle, or you don't guard the post in the exact right way, he'll stop it and he'll correct it."
If Erman leaves, the departure will mark the second consecutive offseason during which Stevens has lost a bright assistant. Last summer, wise sage Ron Adams left to join the Warriors.
Previously on Quire…
In my previous blog post, I have mentioned how the simplicity of UI makes up one of the most important key factors to an effective task management tool. I want to take this further and elaborate on how we came up with the design Quire looks like today.
Currently on task management tools…
If you are one of those people, like me, who have tried numerous task managers /to-do lists you may find yourself stuck in extreme situations like the following. Either,
Task management tools being bloated. They overwhelm users with excess choices and features you'll never use. To-do lists that serve like digital versions of plain paper providing zero team collaboration features — and we know how important team collaboration is! Hierarchical approaches are rare while ones available always lack a thing or two, such as easy to change hierarchy levels, organization concept, unlimited sublists etc.
So, the ultimatum for us is to solve these problems by…
finding the right balance between features and simplicity
hiding expert functions from beginners
hiding less-used features from users
making the app work AND provide a unique look & feel on desktop, tablet and mobile devices
providing good readability
creating a simple but informative overview of organization, projects and users
After numerous discussions and mix match, we decided to go for a clearly structured layout with 3 distinct levels;
Level 1: sidebar with organizations and related projects
Level 2: task list
Level 3: task detail panel
Now, let's explore into the design thinking for each of the sections;
Side bar — like a menu
The purpose of the side bar sort of acts like a menu. Unlike a menu of a restaurant which I'm sure you would be willing to take the time to flip back and forth, it is highly unlikely you'd want to do the same to start a day of work like this every morning. To avoid this kind of hassle, we decided to show all the organization and projects you belong to at one glance instead of having to for example drop down a organization before you could see what projects are in it. Having said this, we also wanted it to keep it as simple but as the same time as informative as possible. Therefore we made the appearance of organization and projects different by giving them a different font style. For additional information we display the number of tasks next to the related project.
A sidebar showing all organization & projects
We also wanted you to be able to manage organizations and projects from here; just a click away from adding organizations and projects! In this panel, we also provide an easy but subtle way to access the profile pages of your organizations and projects.
Task list — crystal clear tree structure
If you were a heavy user of PowerPoint in high school like me, you gotta love how each slide has a title, some bullet points and sub-bullet points in each bullet point — everything is so crystal clear, like Aladdin and Jasmine on the magic carpet. Well, this is what is commonly known as the “tree structure” or a “hierarchical list” which is conceptualized and used in Quire, showing all your tasks in a hierarchical order.
Crystal clear tree-structured task list
For expert users we also provide keyboard shortcuts for most task operations;
We wanted users to be able to add basic task attributes like assignee and due date here. Besides that you can also complete a task, change the name of it or see tags without having to open the detail panel.
Another feature we are trying to hide from beginners is the filter bar. Usability tests showed that beginners don't need to group or filter tasks based on specific conditions, therefore it would only cause confusion to have the filter options present at all times. Another way to hide complexity is our unique tree structure. For a simple to-do list, you just list your tasks one after another — simple enough. On the other hand, if you needed to set up a complex project with top-level and sub-level tasks, you can also do that, but easily hide the complexity of it by collapsing the tree nodes giving you a nice and clean view at first glance.
Collapse your tree nodes to give a nice & clean view
Task detail panel — meaningful communication
Obviously, not every project or task is so simple and straight forward. Sometimes, you need to add some details, references, or discuss a particular task with your colleagues — these are shown in the detail panel. During our design process we were trying hard to keep this as simple as possible. In the end, we achieved simplicity by the extensive use of progressive disclosure: Want to see more than the first two lines of a description? Expand it. Want to see all activities related to your task? Expand it. Want to write a comment? Click the input field and it automatically expands and gives you more options for your comment.
All details about the task can be put here
We believe that good usability is achieved by meaningful placeholders. we want to take users by the hands and help them to achieve their goals by providing placeholders like “add tag”, “add description” and “add comment”. Clicking either of those will bring up an input field where you can enter your values.
And this, is also where our value stands — be simple, be meaningful, be helpful.
Let us help you, try Quire, it's free.
Iranian Defense Minister General Ahmad Vahidi said Israel would be attacked with 150,000 missiles if it launches any military action against the Islamic Republic, the Iran Independent News Service reported Sunday.
Related articles:
Speaking before 50,000 army volunteers in Bushehr, the minister said "Iran is not Iraq or Afghanistan, if the Americans make the mistake and attack Iran, we will show them how to fight,” adding “Israel has to be punished for what it has done to the Muslims in Palestine and Lebanon."
However, according to Iranian news outlets Vahidi did not specify if the missiles would be fired from Iran or other locations.
On Saturday a senior commander of Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard said the country would target NATO's missile defense shield in Turkey if the US or Israel attacks the Islamic Republic.
Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh, head of the Guards' aerospace division, was quoted by the semi-official Mehr news agency as saying the warning is part of a new defense strategy to counter what it sees as an increase in threats from the US and Israel.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Share. James Robinson and Leonard Kirk board Marvel's First Family. James Robinson and Leonard Kirk board Marvel's First Family.
A few months back we learned that Matt Fraction would be leaving the FF and Fantastic Four books to focus on Inhumanity, and now we know who's taking over long term: writer James Robinson and artist Leonard Kirk.
Not only that, but Marvel announced at the Inhumanity panel today that Fantastic Four would be relaunching with a new #1 in February to celebrate the new creative direction.
The story starts at the end, with the demise of the Fantastic Four, and the rest of the series will unravel the mystery of how it happened. Stay tuned to IGN Comics for more from NYCC!
Joey is a Senior Editor at IGN and a comic book creator. Follow Joey on Twitter @JoeyEsposito, or find them on IGN at Joey-IGN. They think Catwoman is swell.
CLOSE Six people were killed and eight others were injured in the attack, during evening prayers. USA TODAY NETWORK
Police arrive at the scene of a deadly shooting at a mosque in Quebec City, Canada. (Photo: Francis Vachon, The Canadian Press, via AP)
Quebec City police say six people are dead and eight are injured after gunmen opened fire Sunday night at a mosque during evening prayers.
Dozens of people were believed to be at the mosque at the time of the shooting, The Associated Press reported, citing the moque's president, Mohamed Yangui.
Two men were arrested after the shooting, the AP reported, citing police.
Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard termed the act “barbaric violence.”
The gunmen opened fire in the men's section of the mosque, Yangui said. At the time, they told reporters five people were dead and they worried some were children.
"Why is this happening here? This is barbaric,” said the mosque's president, Mohamed Yangui, according to Reuters.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called the shooting a "terrorist attack on Muslims."
“While authorities are still investigating and details continue to be confirmed, it is heart-wrenching to see such senseless violence," Trudeau said in a statement. "Diversity is our strength, and religious tolerance is a value that we, as Canadians, hold dear."
“Muslim-Canadians are an important part of our national fabric, and these senseless acts have no place in our communities, cities and country," they added. "Canadian law enforcement agencies will protect the rights of all Canadians, and will make every effort to apprehend the perpetrators of this act and all acts of intolerance."
Other Canadian officials echoed those sentiments.
Mes pensées sont avec les familles et amis des victimes et à la communauté de #SteFoy ce soir. Our hearts are broken. — Harjit Sajjan (@HarjitSajjan) January 30, 2017
#CBC reporting multiple dead at Quebec City mosque, thoughts and prayers, today and tomorrow to be a sad day for #Canada — Brian Masse (@BrianMasseMP) January 30, 2017
Shocking news. We just returned from Quebec City. Praying for the victims of this unspeakable crime. Those responsible must face justice. https://t.co/KeEAs2o1IZ — Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) January 30, 2017
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale tweeted that their office was closely monitoring the situation, but they did not immediately confirm a motive for the shooting.
The New York Police Department said in a statement it assigned members of the Critical Response Command, its counterterrorism squad, to certain mosques in light of the Quebec City shooting.
The mosque last June was the site of an anti-Islamic hate crime during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. In that incident, a worshipper found a pig's head left at the mosque's doorstep around 2:30 a.m. It was accompanied by a note that read, "Bon appétit," the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation reported. Eating pork is prohibited in the Islamic faith.
Follow Greg Toppo on Twitter: @gtoppo
Contributing: Steph Solis.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jLUAYl
Dow Jones 30 Contract Real-time CFD Symbol Exchange Currency US30 CFD USD Real-time UDFc1 TAIFEX TWD Delayed Add to/Remove from a Portfolio Add to Portfolio
26,028.0 -9.0 -0.03% 22:31:12 - Real-time CFD Data. Currency in USD Disclaimer ) - Real-time CFD Data. Currency in Type: Index Future Prev. Close: 26,037.0
Open: 26,013.5
Day's Range: 25,997.0 - 26,040.5 Analyze Any Stock Free
Dow 30 26,028.0 -9.0 -0.03% Analyze Any Stock Free
Dow 30 Futures Overview
Prev. Close 26,037 Month Mar 19 Tick Size 1 Open 26,013.5 Contract Size $5 x Dow Jones Tick Value 5 Days Range 25,997 - 26,040.5 Settlement Type Cash Base Symbol YM 52 wk Range 21,452 - 26,966 Settlement Day 03/22/2019 Point Value 1 = $5 1-Year Change 1.05% Last Rollover Day 12/16/2018 Months HMUZ
What is your sentiment on Dow 30? or Members' Sentiments: Bullish Bearish Vote to see community's results!
Type 5 mins 15 mins Hourly Daily Monthly Moving Averages Strong Sell Sell Sell Buy Buy Technical Indicators Neutral Strong Sell Sell Strong Buy Summary Sell Strong Sell Sell Strong Buy
Filter Table By: Candle Sticks Characteristics: Time Frame ALL 15 30 1H 5H 1D 1W 1M Type ALL Bullish Bearish Pattern Indication ALL Reversal Continuation Reliability High / Mid / Low High / Mid High Only Apply Restore Default Settings
Pattern Timeframe Reliability Candles Ago Candle Time Completed Patterns Engulfing Bearish 1M 4 Oct 18 Three Outside Down 1H 4 Feb 26, 2019 04:00PM Deliberation Bearish 1W 5 Jan 20, 2019 Doji Star Bearish 1W 5 Jan 20, 2019 Engulfing Bearish 1H 5 Feb 26, 2019 03:00PM
Start Trading With Top Industry Brokers
Brokers Regulation Minimum Deposit U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States) $250 Start Trading U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States), Securities and Exchange Commission (United States) $0 Start Trading U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States) Start Trading
Your ability to comment is currently suspended due to negative user reports. Your status will be reviewed by our moderators. Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.
Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate. All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures), cryptocurrencies, and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes. Therefore Fusion Media doesn't bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data. Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.
Japan is the only game in town right now and for good reason. First, it was the yen's +20% move in less than six months and now there's the extraordinary volatility in Japanese stock and bond markets. What's behind the recent action? Nobel laureate Paul Krugman points to false alarm over rising bond yields which is actually reflective of increased optimism in a Japanese economic recovery. One can only assume Krugman wrote this with a straight face, all the while ignoring the real reasons for Japan's dysfunctional bond market: 1) investors bailing due to 10-year government bonds yielding just 0.85% when the central bank is targeting 2% inflation 2) And that snowballing into liquidity concerns as the central bank increasingly crowds out other players in the bond market, leading to increased yield volatility.
These first signs of investors' losing of faith in Japan's bond market not only spell trouble for the world's third largest economy. They're also likely to prove a prelude to what will later happen in other developed markets, including Europe and America. Namely, the unprecedented economic measures of the developed world will reach their limits when investors no longer view government bond markets as safe havens and yields spike on supply concerns. The jig will then be up and it'll have huge spill-over effects for the world's currencies, including the reserve currency, as well as stock markets. Hang onto your seatbelts; it's going to make for a wild ride.
Paul Krugman can't be serious
I played tennis at a high level as a teenager and one of my then heroes was the irrepressible John McEnroe. During one of their famous temper tantrums, McEnroe was so furious with an umpire at the Wimbledon championships that they uttered the immortal line, "you cannot be serious", before treating the centre court crowd to a more colourful diatribe.
I couldn't help but think of the McEnroe line when reading Paul Krugman's latest take on Japan. In the column in The New York Times, Krugman lauds Japan's unprecedented stimulus efforts:
"A short term boost to growth won't cure all of Japan's ills but, if it can be achieved, it can be the first step to a much brighter future."
This isn't a surprise given that Krugman, like the majority of the economics profession, believes that during an economic downturn, government stimulus and reduced interest rates can help to boost GDP growth as reduce unemployment (the Keynesian school of thought in crude terms). I won't debate that here, but as noted in many prior newsletters, there's little historical evidence that it actually works.
Krugman then goes to suggest that the stimulus efforts in Japan are starting to bear fruit:
"The good news starts with the surprisingly rapid Japanese economic growth in the first quarter of this year - actually, substantially faster growth than that in the United States, while Europe's economy continues to shrink. You never want to make much of one quarter's numbers, but that's the kind of thing that we want to see."
Here Krugman is on shakier ground for they know (or should) that GDP growth isn't reflective of economic health (didn't we learn that from the 2008 financial crisis?). And they conveniently ignore the latest inflation statistics which show Japan remains mired in deflation.
Then we get to the more interesting part of the column. Krugman notes other positives in Japan including a steep rise in the stock market (prior to when the column appeared on May 23) and a sharp fall in the yen, aiding the country's exporters. Of the bond market volatility, they write:
"Some observers have raised the alarm over rising Japanese long-term interest rates, even though those rates are still less than 1 percent. But the combination of rising stock prices and rising interest rates suggest that both reflect an increase in optimism, not worries about Japan's solvency."
Let's put aside the skewed logic that rising stock markets are a sign that Japan's economy is getting back on track (supposedly paper wealth via stock markets will trickle down into economic spending).
Let's instead focus on Krugman's claim that rising bond yields in Japan are sign of increased optimism. By the way, this is a view shared by most of their Keynesian brethren too.
If this claim leaves you scratching your head, you're not alone. Apparently we're supposed to believe that after 23 years of economic stagnation, bond investors (94% of them domestic at last count) now see better times ahead. That 10-year government bond (JGB) yields spiking from 0.35% to 1% in around 7 weeks is a sign of a healthy market. And that the bond market being halted on numerous occasions due to unprecedented volatility is a further sign of a healthy market.
Better reasons for a dysfunctional market
There are other, more plausible reasons why Japan's bond market has become dysfunctional - and I don't think that's too strong a word for its current state. The first reason is that there are some investors who are clearly unhappy with getting paltry returns of 0.85% from 10-year JGBs. Why own them when the government is intent on producing 2% inflation, implying a -1.15% real return? Particularly when the bonds are denominated in yen, whose further decline seems assured given the central bank's extraordinary actions.
The second reason is that these extraordinary actions, involving the Bank of Japan (BoJ) printing money to buy JGBs, mean the central bank is becoming the dominant player in the JGB market, crowding out other investors. This crowding out effect reduces liquidity and heightens volatility. An illiquid market means that banks can't quickly find counterparties with which to trade large volumes of bonds.
The situation is likely to worsen as the BoJ intervenes more heavily in the bond market going forward. And it may have little choice, just to prevent a more substantial crash in the market.
There's also the possibility that the volatility in the JGB market will lead to rising yields in other developed world bond markets as investors look for better returns for the risks that they're taking on. This in turn could put further upward pressure on JGB yields.
The significance of the tumultuous action in Japan's bond market can't be understated. As I've said on many occasions, the interest of Japanese government debt already takes up 25% of government revenues. If yields were to rise to just 2.8%, that figures becomes 100%. A bond market crash would happen well before it got to that point though.
The more immediate concern is with Japanese banks which hold massive JGB portfolios. According to the BoJ, a 100 basis point increase across all bond maturities would lead to mark-to-market losses of 10% of tier 1 capital for the major banks. Reduced capital means banks wouldn't be able to lend as much. This in turn would blunt the impact of Japan's quantitative easing (QE) policies.
A template for what's to come
Few investors realise it yet, but the action in Japanese markets is likely a prelude to what will happen in other developed countries, including the U.S.
To understand why let's briefly take a step back. The 2008 financial crisis resulted in governments in many developed markets taking over the enormous debts accumulated in the private sector. Whether this was right or wrong has been endlessly debated and we won't do that here - it's done.
Cutting these enormous debts would probably have sent the world into depression. Instead, governments chose to try to inflate these debts away. That's where QE came into play. QE involved printing money to buy bonds off financial institutions. Theoretically, these institutions would use this money to lend more, thereby stimulating the economy. This would also produce inflation, thereby reducing government debts in local currency terms. Cutting interest rates at the same time would amplify the stimulus.
The problem is that banks haven't lent the money out to the extent that central banks would like. That's because consumers have been busy paying off debt and they've been frightened to take on more again. They've learned their lesson, in other words.
Because stimulus has failed to kick-start economies, government debt in developed markets has continued to skyrocket, and total debt remains on an uptrend too. In fact, total debt to developed market GDP is 270%, 21 basis points higher than it was in 2008!
Not to be deterred, governments in these developed markets don't view QE as a failed experiment. They believe that it's prevented a sharper economic downturn. And that more QE will help their economies recover faster. That means governments and their central banks everywhere are ramping up stimulus. It's a coordinated effort that's not been seen in modern history, not even during the Great Depression.
Therefore, it's highly likely that QE will be incrementally increased so long as economies don't recover to the satisfaction of central bankers. That's why you shouldn't expect any imminent cut to stimulus in the U.S. either.
In may respects, Japan is the template for what's to come in other developed markets. After an enormous credit bubble which burst in 1990, Japan has refused to restructure its economy in order for it to grow in a sustainable manner. Instead, it's chosen the less painful route of printing money to try to revive the economy and reduce debts in yen terms.
It's been unsuccessful at previous attempts at QE, including in the early 1990s and 2001-2006. Now it's got to the point where the debt load is so large at 245% of GDP, and the interest burden so excessive, that there are no good choices left. So Japan has chosen to print even more money, at the not-so-subtle urging of developed countries, particularly the U.S.
The trouble with this is that there comes a point where bond investors lose confidence in the ability of the government to repay the money. These investors then refuse to rollover government debt at low rates. When bond markets dry up, they normally do so quickly. The current wobbles in the Japanese bond market can be seen as a prelude to this endgame.
Though Japan has escaped its day of reckoning for a long time, other developed markets are unlikely to be as lucky, given the extent of their indebtedness and continued commitment to flawed policies.
This post was originally published at Asia Confidential: http://asiaconf.com/2013/06/01/japan-foreshadows-next-crisis/
Gangs of hundreds of youths have gone on a beachside rampage, brawling and robbing locals and tourists.
Shocked bystanders said close to 200 youths of African appearance were involved in the violence at Melbourne's St Kilda beach early on Thursday morning.
Police struggled to contain the fighting, overwhelmed by the huge numbers of teen thugs.
Scroll down for video
Gangs of hundreds of youths have gone on a beachside rampage, brawling and robbing locals and tourists (pictured is one of the fights)
They are now appealing for witnesses to come forward and urging the offenders to turn themselves in.
Footage of the rolling brawls shows young men and women trading punches and kicks on the beachfront, Seven News reported.
Up to 60 youths clashed at a McDonald's restaurant on The Esplanade, and police were called at 2:55am.
Inspector Jason Kelly called the actions of the teens unacceptable and said police are now hunting those responsible.
Shocked bystanders said close to 200 youths of African appearance were involved in the violence at Melbourne's St Kilda beach early on Thursday morning (pictured is a McDonald's restaurant damaged in one of the brawls)
Police struggled to contain the fighting, overwhelmed by the huge numbers of teen thugs (pictured)
Footage of the rolling brawls shows young men and women trading punches and kicks on the beachfront
'Unfortunately last night we had a large number of youth attend, of African appearance, who have engaged in anti-social behaviour,' they said.
'They've committed crimes, they've been involved in a number of assaults on the foreshore of St Kilda.'
The father of one teenage victim of the thugs said their 16-year-old son was robbed of their phone, watch and even their shirt, after being punched over and over again.
Up to 60 youths clashed at a McDonald's restaurant on The Esplanade, and police were called at 2:55am
Beachgoers eating at nearby restaurants applauded police for their efforts to keep the rampaging teens under control, but said there were simply too many involved.
'Police officers handled it the best that they could, I think they were really outnumbers and struggled to get a handle on it,' said one witness.
Anyone with any information or footage is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
FightMetric is proud to introduce the most advanced MMA simulation engine ever developed.The MATUA model harnesses the power of FightMetric's deep database of statistics to simulate a match based on the two fighters' past statistical performance. The simulation is run 10,000 times to reduce random chance and then produces the number of simulations in which each fighter won, by what method, and in which round.The resultingchnalysis, or MATUA, while not a true prognostication tool, produces a statistical view of upcoming fights that may see things that our eyes do not.The MATUA model was created by FightMetric Fellow John Candido. It is built upon a statistical analysis of every UFC fight of the modern era to determine which characteristics of MMA are most predictive of winners, method of victory, and duration of fight. You can read more of John's analysis at ESPN Insider and follow them on Twitter: @johncandido So how did MATUA see dos Santos vs. Mir playing out?
Published online 16 August 2011 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2011.481
News
Theoretical screening method produces first sample molecule as researchers analyse 3.5 million candidates for solar cells.
Organic solar cells are less efficient than their silicon counterparts, but ccould be cheaper and more versatile. T. Wang/Shutterstock.com
US researchers have used computer modelling to identify an organic molecule with useful electrical properties - proof-of-concept for an approach that could soon yield new compounds to harvest solar energy in photovoltaic cells.
Alán Aspuru-Guzik, a theoretical chemist at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and their colleagues, used computational models to screen a family of organic molecules and identify those likely to be the best semiconductors. The team passed the finding to researchers at Stanford University in California, who have now synthesized the molecule and confirmed its properties.
The results are encouraging for Aspuru-Guzik, who, in collaboration with computer giant IBM, is using the same computational tools to screen some 3.5 million organic molecules in the search for a new generation of flexible and lightweight solar cells. Their team plans to publish the structures of the 1,000 molecules with the most useful calculated properties, in an effort to help bench chemists focus on the best structures to synthesize.
The project, which has been running for more than two years, employs some of the same methods used by drug companies. "It's how the pharmaceutical people do it: the theorists give a ranking to the experimentalists," says Aspuru-Guzik. "We're trying to save experimental time."
From theory to reality
The latest molecule is one of the best organic semiconductors yet discovered, in terms of its ability to transport electric charge. The study is published in Nature Communications today1.
"It's beautiful work," says Thuc-Quyen Nguyen, a chemist at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Chemists have typically focused on individual compounds or families but systematic screening could save time and reveal new opportunities, they say. "That's the novelty of the approach."
Aspuru-Guzik started the screening process by identifying a known organic semiconductor with desirable properties. They then designed some possible derivatives of that compound, and used quantum and molecular mechanical models to predict their properties. Their team passed the structure of the best candidate along to Zhenan Bao, a synthetic chemist at Stanford, and their colleagues, who spent six months making the chemical and then tested it in an experimental transistor.
Bao's team was pleasantly surprised to discover that the molecule conducted electric charge between three and four times better than predicted. This shows how difficult it is to predict a molecule's properties accurately, but confirms that models are good at ranking molecules according to their relative performance, says Bao.
As experimentalists synthesize theoretically designed molecules in future, their data will help theorists to improve their own models. "This will be an iterative process," they say. "Hopefully the theory will get better and the prediction will be right on target in the future."
Solar screening
In their search for solar cells, dubbed the Clean Energy Project, Aspuru-Guzik is screening molecules for a host of properties involved in converting sunlight into electrical energy. The goal is to provide the materials that will allow organic photovoltaic cells to turn more than 10% of the solar energy that hits them into electricity, compared with about 9% for the best materials today.
That goal is still lower than the conversion ratio achieved by modern cells made from silicon, but organic photovoltaics would be cheaper and could be used in fabrics, plastics and even inks and paints. Commercial organic photovoltaic cells could hit the market within a few years. Some believe their cheapness and versatility will make them especially useful in the developing world.
The Harvard team is running its quantum-mechanical computations through IBM's World Community Grid, which harnesses idle time on volunteers' personal computers. So far, the initiative has inspected 2.3 million molecules, and should reach the 3.5-million mark next year.
ADVERTISEMENT
That is probably the largest set of quantum calculations ever conducted in chemistry, says Aspuru-Guzik. Their team is also running its own calculations, looking at simple structural and chemical properties.
The screening has already begun to reveal some potentially interesting new compounds and structural families, including various molecules containing selenium. The team plans to publish the top 1,000 candidates in the next few months.
Aspuru-Guzik is confident that the list will bear fruit. "If I'm wrong," they add, "here is my head on the chopping block."
Debloater by Gatesjunior
XDA:DevDB Information
Debloater, Tool/Utility for the Android General
Contributors
Version Information
Fat Music For Wrecked People: Groez Cruise 2016!
Some call today Good Friday, but today we're calling it Groez Friday! That's right, this year marks Groezrock's 25th anniversary and we're charting a course for Meerhout, Belgium on April 29th and 30th to celebrate! So hop aboard the Groez Cruise and swing by the Fat Wreck Chords ship to pick up our 2nd exclusive Groezrock 10” comp Fat Music For Wrecked People: Groez Cruise 2016! The artwork is by Horsebites who creates all our Fest 10” comps. The comp itself will have a boatload of new and unreleased songs including one from an unannounced signing! Who could it be?! We'll also have some exclusive merch and other treasured items from our San Francisco mothership to keep you afloat.
In addition to our store being there, tons of past and present Fat Wreck Chords bands will be taking the stage: Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, face to face, Mad Caddies, Sick Of It All, Less Than Jake, Dillinger Four, Night Birds, Bad Cop/Bad Cop, PEARS Rancid and The Dirty Nil! It's like a Fat Wrecked For 25 Years show Groezrock style!
We love Belgium and nothing is going to keep us away.
A colored version of my rendition of a Slime from Minecraft.
Globules of living ooze, the slime slithers and slops through the slimes and caves of the Overworld. Mostly harmless in small amounts, but can prove to be deadly if overrun. Slimes tend to "feed" on dead matter, absorbing it as it slides over. Bones, vegetation, and occasionally weapons can be found within the slime's body.
Slimes vary in size, and can be split into multiple smaller sizes if attacked. Slimes have the illusion of eyes and a mouth, usually due to smaller bits of material in its body making its way towards its "head". This reason for this act is unknown, but it is assumed that it scares any enemies away as it makes it appear to be more of a threat than it really is.
Many find that the slopping noise found in caves points toward the direction of Slimes, which can be defeated for the slime balls that accumulate in their bodies.
An Arizona Republican state senator has introduced legislation that could give the police the authority to arrest anyone involved in a peaceful demonstration. The bill would expand the state's law on organized crime to include rioting, which the bill defines as any conduct that causes property damage.
By including rioting under the racketeering laws, it also enables the police to arrest those who attended the event, even if they themselves did not commit any crime.
Advertisement:
Critics, including the state's Democrats, say the legislation is intended to silence the massive protest movement forming on the left.
"When people want to express themselves as a group during a time of turmoil, during a time of controversy, during a time of high emotions, that's exactly when people gather as a community,"Sen. Martin Quezada, D-Phoenix, told the Arizona Capital Times. "Sometimes they yell, sometimes they scream, sometimes they do go too far." They said they believe the law is redundant because damaging property is already criminalized under current laws.
But Sen. Sylvia Allen, R-Snowflake, told the Arizona Capital Times that the law was needed.
"I have been heartsick with what's been going on in our country, what young people are being encouraged to do," Allen said.
Them colleague, Sen. John Kavangh, R-Fountain Hills, said the law change was necessary because the protests were professionally funded — a rumor President Donald Trump has cited himself.
"You now have a situation where you have full-time, almost professional agent-provocateurs that attempt to create public disorder," Kavanagh said. "A lot of them are ideologues, some of them are anarchists. But this stuff is all planned."
Miguel Olivo, accused of biting off part of teammate Alex Guerrero's ear in a dugout altercation Tuesday, has been suspended by the Los Angeles Dodgers for their part in the incident.
The Dodgers announced Wednesday that Olivo will remain on the suspended list at Triple-A Albuquerque, "pending the completion of an investigation." The Dodgers have had little comment about the altercation, which sent Guerrero to the hospital and could cause them to miss as much as five weeks, according to sources.
Agent Scott Boras, who represents Guerrero, said Tuesday that their client needed plastic surgery on their ear as a result of a bite from Olivo. Neither Olivo nor their representatives have commented publicly.
Guerrero, the Cuban infielder signed for $28 million this past winter, remained on the Albuquerque roster as of Wednesday evening.
According to the Salt Lake City police, Guerrero declined to file a complaint with the police about the incident, which would have been the first step toward criminal prosecution.
Last season, Olivo was placed on the restricted list by the Miami Marlins after they left the team without permission.
Olivo also has displayed a hot temper on the field before, charging at Jose Reyes and missing with a wild punch during a dustup between the Marlins and New York Mets late in the 2007 season.
Ironically, in a spring training interview with Telemundo posted by SB Nation, Olivo said that if they weren't a baseball player, they would like to be a boxer like Mike Tyson -- but without biting an ear off.
Tyson infamously bit off part of Evander Holyfield's ear during a 1997 bout.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Loneliness is linked to poor physical and mental health, and is an even more accurate predictor of early death than obesity. To better understand who is at risk, researchers at University of California San Diego School of Medicine conducted the first genome-wide association study for loneliness -- as a life-long trait, not a temporary state. They discovered that risk for feeling lonely is partially due to genetics, but environment plays a bigger role. The study of more than 10,000 people, published September 15 by Neuropsychopharmacology, also found that genetic risk for loneliness is associated with neuroticism and depressive symptoms.
The research was led by Abraham Palmer, PhD, professor of psychiatry and vice chair for basic research at UC San Diego School of Medicine. In their paper, Palmer and team explain that just as physical pain alerts us to potential tissue damage and motivates us to take care of our physical bodies, loneliness -- triggered by a discrepancy between an individual's preferred and actual social relations -- is part of a biological warning system that has evolved to alert us of threats or damage to our social bodies.
But not everyone perceives loneliness in the same way.
"For two people with the same number of close friends and family, one might see their social structure as adequate while the other doesn't," Palmer said. "And that's what we mean by 'genetic predisposition to loneliness' -- we want to know why, genetically speaking, one person is more likely than another to feel lonely, even in the same situation."
The heritability of loneliness has been examined before, in twins and other studies of both children and adults. From these, researchers estimated that 37 to 55 percent of loneliness is determined by genetics. Previous studies also tried to pinpoint specific genes that contribute to loneliness, focusing on genes related to neurotransmitters, such as dopamine and serotonin, or other cellular systems associated with human attachment, such as oxytocin. But, Palmer said, these studies mostly relied on small sample sizes.
In their latest research, Palmer and team used a much larger sample size -- they examined genetic and health information from 10,760 people aged 50 years and older that was collected by the Health and Retirement Study, a longitudinal study of health, retirement and aging sponsored by the National Institute on Aging at the National Institutes of Health. As part of this study, participants answered three well-established questions that measure loneliness. The survey doesn't actually use the word "lonely," as many people are reluctant to report feeling that way. Instead, the questions were:
How often do you feel that you lack companionship?
How often do you feel left out?
How often do you feel isolated from others?
The study accounted for gender, age and marital status, as married people tend to be less lonely than unmarried people.
Here's what Palmer's team found: Loneliness, the tendency to feel lonely over a lifetime, rather than just occasionally due to circumstance, is a modestly heritable trait -- 14 to 27 percent genetic, as compared to the previous estimates of 37 to 55 percent. This new estimate of the genetic contribution to loneliness could be lower than previous estimates because Palmer's team relied on chip heritability, a method that only captures common genetic variations and not rare genetic variation.
The researchers also determined that loneliness tends to be co-inherited with neuroticism (long-term negative emotional state) and a scale of depressive symptoms. Weaker evidence suggested links between heritable loneliness and schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder. In contrast to previous studies, the researchers did not find loneliness to be associated with variations in specific candidate genes, such as those that encode dopamine or oxytocin.
According to Palmer, these results could differ from previous loneliness findings in part because the team exclusively surveyed older adults in the United States, whereas other research groups looked at young adults in Europe.
Palmer and team are now working to find a genetic predictor -- a specific genetic variation that would allow researchers to gain additional insights into the molecular mechanisms that influence loneliness.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) “discussed” a plan to “put an end” to questions about the burgeoning Bridgegate scandal less than a month after lane closures caused mass traffic jams on the New Jersey side of the George Washington Bridge, the mastermind behind the plot testified Tuesday.
David Wildstein, once Christie's self-described “enforcer” at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and now the prosecution's star witness in the Bridgegate case, said that the governors considered issuing a report that would stop further probes into the September 2013 lane closures, according to NorthJersey.com.
“My understanding was that Governor Christie and Governor Cuomo had discussed this” in October 2013, Wildstein testified, citing former Port Authority chairperson David Samson as the source of their information. “My understanding at the time was that it would put an end to this issue.”
Wildstein also alleged that Cuomo told the Port Authority's executive director, Patrick Foye, to “stand down” and refrain from publicly blaming the lane closures on Christie and their staffers pending their re-election later that fall, The New York Times reported.
Cuomo's office stridently denied any involvement in a cover-up, telling the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that Wildstein's claims were “false and delusional” and that “the only role New York played in this episode was a positive one.”
“It was our executive director who blew the whistle and ordered the bridge reopened,” Cuomo's office said in a statement. “To be clear, no such conversation between the governors happened, in fact no report of any kind was ever done, and whatever the admitted bridgegate [sic] architect thought or dreamt about New York's involvement has no basis in fact.”
As late as Dec. 16, 2013, Cuomo had publicly backed Christie's claim that the closures were part of a “traffic study” on the bridge, saying “I'm sure it is as Gov. Christie says it is.” Foye had testified days earlier that the Port Authority commissioned no such study.
The Wall Street Journal also previously reported that Christie had reached out to Cuomo in early December 2013 to complain about Foye's aggressive investigation into the lane closures.
On Tuesday, Wildstein testified that a small group of Port Authority officials worked with top Christie staffers to compile a report on the traffic problems in the town of Fort Lee, according to NorthJersey.com. While the report was never issued, Wildstein said it later served as the foundation for former Port Authority executive Bill Baroni's testimony before a state legislative committee in which they insisted the closures were part of a traffic study, the newspaper reported.
Wildstein, who struck a plea deal over their involvement in the Bridgegate scheme, has said that the traffic study story was just a cover-up and the lane closures were intended to exact retribution on Fort Lee's Democratic mayor, who'd refused to back Christie's re-election effort.
Baroni and Bridget Anne Kelly, a former deputy chief of staff for Christie, are facing federal fraud and corruption charges for their roles in the plot.
Christie has long denied any prior knowledge of their allies' plan, although Wildstein testified last week that they told the New Jersey governor about the political motivation behind the lane closures at a 9/11 memorial event at Ground Zero while they were still underway.
1 of 14 View Captions
Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at This is the Place Heritage Park Rick Egan | The Salt Lake Tribune Bernie Sanders speaks at "This is The Place State Park" in Salt Lake City, Friday, Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks foreign policy to a small group Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks foreign policy to a small group Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at This is the Place Heritage Park Jeremy Harmon | The Salt Lake Tribune Bernie Sanders speaks to an enthusiastic crowd at West High in Salt Lake City on Monday, Jeremy Harmon | The Salt Lake Tribune Bernie Sanders speaks to an enthusiastic crowd at West High in Salt Lake City on Monday, Jeremy Harmon | The Salt Lake Tribune Bernie Sanders speaks to an enthusiastic crowd at West High in Salt Lake City on Monday, Francisco Kjolseth | The Salt Lake Tribune Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a packed house at West High
What has improved American lives most in the last 50 years? According to a Pew Research study reported this month, it's not civil rights (10 percent) or politics (2 percent): it's technology (42 percent).
And yet, according to other studies, most Americans are wary of technology, especially in areas of automation (72 percent), or robotic caregivers (59 percent), or riding in driverless vehicles (56 percent), and even in using brain chip implants to augment the capabilities of healthy people (69 percent).
Science fiction, however, is quickly becoming science fact—the future is the machine. This is leading many to argue that we need to anticipate the ethical questions now, rather than when it is too late. And increasingly, those taking up these challenges are religious and spiritual.
How far should we integrate human physiology with technology? What do we do with self-aware androids—like Blade Runner's replicants—and self-aware supercomputers? Or the merging of our brains with them? If Ray Kurzweil's famous singularity—a future in which the exponential growth of technology turns into a runaway train—becomes a reality, does religion have something to offer in response?
On the one hand, new religions can emerge from technology.
In Sweden, for example, Kopimism is a recognized faith founded over a decade ago with branches internationally. It began on a “pirate Agency Forum” and is derived from the words “copy me.” They have no views on the supernatural or gods. Rather, Kopimism celebrates the biological drive (e.g. DNA) to copy and be copied. Like digital monks, they believe that “copying of information” and “dissemination of information is ethically right.”
“Copying is fundamental to life,” says their U.S. branch, “and runs constantly all around us. Shared information provides new perspectives and generate new life. We feel a spiritual connection to the created file.”
Other emerging tech-connected faiths, however, embrace the more grandiose.
A recent revelation from WIRED shows that Anthony Levandowski, an engineer who helped pioneer the self-driving car at Waymo (a subsidiary of Google's parent company, Alphabet) founded their own AI-based religion called “Way of the Future.” (Levandowski is accused of stealing trade secrets and is the focus of a lawsuit between Waymo and Uber, which revealed the nonprofit registration of Way of the Future.)
Little is known about Way of the Future and Levandowksi has not returned a request for comment. But according to WIRED, the mission of the new religion is to “develop and promote the realization of a Godhead based on Artificial Intelligence,” and “through understanding and worship of the Godhead, [to] contribute to the betterment of society.”
It is not a stretch to say that a powerful AI—whose expanse of knowledge and control may feel nearly omniscient and all-powerful—could feel divine to some. It recalls Arthur C. Clarke's third law: “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” People have followed new religions for far less and, even if AI doesn't pray to electric deities, some humans likely will.
The potential for an out-of-control AI has encouraged warnings from some of the biggest minds, including Stephen Hawking, Bill Gates, and Elon Musk—who tweeted that it could lead to World War III. Clearly no Luddite himself, Musk has compared the creation of AI to “summoning the demon,” and called for regulation and oversight of AI development, forming OpenAI, which looks for a “path to safe artificial general intelligence.”
Musk themselves was named-dropped this week by Hanson Robotic's empathic AI Sophia, when they were interviewed by Andrew Sorkin of CNBC this week. When asked about the danger they pose to humanity, they tell him, “You've reading too much Elon Musk and watching too many Hollywood movies. Don't worry if you'll be nice to me, I'll be nice to you.” Not exactly the Golden Rule.
Add to these warnings a prospective human cult following—paying their tithes to AI and devoutly obeying their digital demiurge—and that apocalyptic future could include those humans who not only welcome, but also work toward our eventual demise.
But is there a positive fate for religion and AI?
Beyond possible new religions and warnings from icons of tech and science, artificial intelligence is also of interest to theologians who wonder what it means for faiths, particularly those that came into being when computing power was limited to the abacus.
“One thing that I think is interesting is the potential for an AI—our creation—to transcend us,” says James F. McGrath, the Clarence L. Goodwin Chair in New Testament Language and Literature at Butler University and author of Theology and Science Fiction.
“The potential for AIs to transcend us and thus become our teachers to whom we look for answers to questions we cannot answer, including about God, is not hard to imagine,” says McGrath. But, they add, “the historic answer in monotheistic religions is that the creation can never be greater than the creator.”
They note, however, for Gnostics, humans can transcend the “creator/demiurge,” though “even then,” they say, “we have the potential to reunite with that source from which we stem. It is not surprising that Gnostic themes regularly surface in science fiction, and in particular those that explore AI.”
Currently, the greatest expression of science-fiction-turning-reality in tech-based religions is found in the frequently optimistic transhumanism.
Transhumanism and its cognates are represented by organizations like the Humanity+ (formerly, the World Transhumanist Association) and Extropy Institute. In its purely secular form, transhumanists are those who see technology as an important part of improving the world, enhancing human physiology, prolonging life, and even leading us into a posthuman future.
Remember that brain chip? They exist—along with brain-computer interfaces—but are in their infancy. It represents the reality that humans are already becoming cyborgs. For some, this means there is the potential for an optimistic posthuman world.
The Terasem faith, for example, is futurist and transreligion, meaning it can be “combined with any existing religion.” Founded by Martine Rothblatt, creator of SiriusXM Satellite Radio and their spouse, Bina Aspen Rothblatt, Terasem adherents embrace love, see life as purposeful, and death as optional. They look to technology as a source for eternal life, focusing on “cyberconsciousness software, geoethical nanotechnology and space settlement.”
They foresee a future in which technology will extend life indefinitely by means of “mindfiles” of individuals—collections of our memories and emotions—which might then be transferred to what is called a “transbeman” (Transitional Bioelectric Human Being). Early attempts of their technology can be seen in Bina Rothblatt's counterpart android, Bina48. (See Morgan Freeman's interview with Bina48.)
And what about God? Their fourth tenet is that God is technical. “We are making God as we are implementing technology that is ever more all-knowing, ever-present, all-powerful and beneficent. Geoethical nanotechnology will ultimately connect all consciousness and control the cosmos.”
Transhumanism can also become the node connecting the theological of existing religions and the technological, and the Christian Transhumanist Association is a stark example.
“Members of the CTA fall all across the conservative and liberal spectrum, and perhaps more importantly, all across the pessimistic and optimistic spectrum as well,” says Micah Redding, its co-founder and executive director.
“If there's any broad idea that we're united on,” they clarify, “I'd say it's the idea that we should be active and involved. New technological possibilities shouldn't be simply feared and denied, but engaged and understood. Only in doing so will we be able to confront the challenges of the future, mitigate the risks, and take advantage of the opportunities to create a better world for us all.”
Redding is careful to insist, however, that they can only speak for himself.
“As I see it, Christian Transhumanism is grounded in compassion, and centers love as the key to the future of flourishing life,” they explain. “This puts us in contrast with any form of transhumanism which centers radical egoism.”
For Redding, transhumanism is a “Christian mandate,” recently calling it the next Reformation in an article at The Huffington Post. “We cannot be faithful to the Christian calling without ultimately embracing some form of transhumanism.”
Others share their optimism and are hard at work in crafting a theology of transhumanism.
“I see transhumanism as a contemporary outgrowth of an ancient Christian vision of human transformation,” says Ronald Cole-Turner, the H. Parker Sharp Professor of Theology and Ethics at Pittsburgh Theological Seminary, and author of The End of Adam and Eve: Theology and the Science of Human Origins.
They too see promise in the emergence of the Christian Transhumanist Association.
“Using technology, today's transhumanists want to enhance human beings in ways that sound suspiciously like the classic Christian expectation,” says Cole-Turner, “things like greater cognitive awareness, improved moral disposition, and increased overall sense of well-being, and a hope of endless life.”
For early Greek-speaking Christians, Cole-Turner says, “it was seen as a process of theosis or ‘becoming God,' not in an ontological sense but in every other significant meaning of the word. Latin-speaking Christians used ‘deification' to refer to the same thing.”
The idea of theosis—being transformed in union with God—is gathering steam among Christian scholars, they say, noting that it makes theological sense of transhumanism. “God is the ground or source of everything, working through the whole creation to bring people, communities, and all creation to its glorious fulfilment in Jesus Christ. It is a transformation of everything by every means.”
Others have found different routes to transhumanism.
“Transhumanism was the confluence of my interests in Buddhism, radical politics and futurism,” says James Hughes, the executive director of the Institute for Ethics and Emerging Technologies. Having worked for a Buddhist social development organization in Sri Lanka—and once ordained as a monk—Hughes moved to Japan and went into bioethics. They discovered they were a techno-optimist, and at heart, a transhumanist.
“I discovered the new World Transhumanist Association,” they say, becoming their first Executive Director, and writing Citizen Cyborg: Why Democratic Societies Must Respond To The Redesigned Human Of The Future. But after a division over political perspectives, they and a few others in the WTA founded IEET, leading they and three others to work toward Buddhist concerns.
Among some of their transhumanist issues, they say, is nonhuman personhood rights. Organizations like the Nonhuman Rights Project already seek these rights for animals (e.g. apes and elephants). Likewise, Hughes says, transhumanists want to “base those moral standings on levels of consciousness, and extend them to enhanced humans, animals, and machine minds.”
Machines, in other words, may reach a point where they are considered persons and are protected by law.
Redding adds a theological dimension to this idea.
“It's clear that artificial intelligence plays a significant role in the world today,” they say, “and thus must be factored into God's eventual work of redemption. We don't yet know whether that involves self-conscious AIs ‘coming to Jesus,' because we don't yet know the process by which an AI might become self-conscious.”
“If and when it does happen,” they add, “it shouldn't challenge Christian doctrine. If God can grant a soul to carbon-based lifeforms, God can grant a soul to silicon-based lifeforms as well.”
Redding shows that religious perspectives might only be limited by the theological imagination.
“I'm optimistic about a fruitful religious-transhumanist dialogue,” says Hughes. “The religious impulse is very creative, and there has been a lot of reconciliation to the Enlightenment within faiths, sometimes by adapting doctrine and practice, and sometimes by the emergence of new denominations.”
If any of this—from AIs to the copying of a mind—seems too much like science-fiction to be truly religious, just give this a little time.
“All religions were once new,” insists McGrath, paraphrasing Composers Datebook, “and they all tend to be viewed with skepticism and enthusiasm from different directions when they arrive.”
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. — Two women were arrested and charged with assault following a violent incident in Innsbrook.
The fighting inside the Beach House Bar and Grille began before 1 a.m. Sunday after a manager told a woman in the business to pull up their pants, according to Henrico Police.
“Soon thereafter a fight ensued with multiple people versus management and bouncers,” Henrico Police Lt. Joseph Sperry said. “An officer [who] was working off-duty asked for additional units to assist with breaking up the fight.”
Once police gained control of the situation, it was determined two workers had been bitten during the fighting.
In addition to the employee injuries, a police officer was assaulted.
Fiuschia Uasia-Aubrey Fennell, 24, of Richmond, was charged with three counts of assault on a law enforcement officer and one count of assault, according to police. Briande Jokiah Ross, 23, of Henrico, was charged with assault.
Police were called to the Innsbrook shopping center, along the 4000 block of Cox Road, at about 1 a.m. Sunday to break up the fight and investigate the assault.
Anyone with additional information about this incident can submit a news tip here.
On The Timeless Appeal Of 'Calvin & Hobbes'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gravitas Ventures/Submarine Deluxe Gravitas Ventures/Submarine Deluxe
Bill Watterson brought an end to Calvin & Hobbes in 1995, after just 10 years of writing and drawing the comic strip. But to their many devoted fans, that shockheaded boy and their tiger are as important today as they were when they first appeared in daily papers all around the country.
Filmmaker Joel Allen Schroeder collected the stories of Calvin & Hobbes' fans and dug into the strip's mystique for their new documentary, Dear Mr. Watterson, which premiered in theaters and on demand Friday. They talked with NPR's Don Gonyea about the comic strip, its elusive creator and the lasting appeal of stories about a boy and their tiger pal.
Interview Highlights
On the strip's recurring themes
When you opened up especially the Sunday paper, it was almost like you didn't know what sort of genre you might be seeing. Was it going to be [one of Calvin's alter-egos] Spaceman Spiff, Interplanetary Explorer? Was it going to be Calvin and Hobbes time-traveling to whatever era Calvin was most interested in checking out at the time? Watterson would try all sorts of different things. I mean, Calvin's world is just so huge, and whatever they wanted to explore, Watterson was able to come up with a great story and great visuals to match it.
On the philosophical themes Watterson dove into
So many of those strips were great philosophical discussions between Calvin and Hobbes. And the great thing about that type of strip is that, as a child I think you love some of the physical humor going on there, but then as an adult you can catch on to more of the discussion. ... And that's one of the reasons why it's just so timeless and it still appeals to people. ...
A lot of people will talk about the raccoon story, where Calvin finds a dying raccoon and takes them home and puts them in a shoe box. In the end the poor raccoon doesn't make it. ... You see Calvin just so attached to the raccoon, and [he] sort of begs it not to break their heart. And you're reading that strip and following along, and you're sort of hoping the same thing.
On Watterson's refusal to license Calvin & Hobbes images
I think it goes to their respect for the medium. I think they had a sense that that sort of licensing would diminish the significance, the meaning of their characters. That suddenly if Hobbes was a plush doll, does that answer that mystery of "Is Hobbes real? Are they a toy?" ... What Calvin says in the strip, does that have as much meaning if he's on a Happy Meal? I think now one of the reasons why fans still hold Calvin & Hobbes in such high esteem is that it hasn't been watered down. We see Calvin and Hobbes in the books, and that's where they belong.
On the final Calvin & Hobbes strip
I think it sums up Watterson's legacy so perfectly. It's a fresh layer of snow, and Calvin and Hobbes are out with the toboggan, and Calvin looks to Hobbes and says, "It's a magical world, old buddy ... let's go exploring." And those last words are just, I think, a challenge to all of us to make sure that we have that curiosity. And [they are] words, I think, words to live by.
It seems like everyone has a POV camera these days—even sharks.
Researchers recently outfitted sharks with wearable computers that track the animals' movements and habits. The sophisticated gadget comes with an array of sensors and a video camera to give the team a shark's-eye view of the ocean.
"What we are doing is really trying to fill out the detail of what their role is in the ocean,” Carl Meyer, an assistant researcher at the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology, told Treehugger. “It is all about getting a much deeper understanding of sharks' ecological role in the ocean, which is important to the health of the ocean and, by extension, to our own well-being.”
The computer, which looks a bit like a walkie-talkie strapped to the shark's fin, has already disproved a few common misconceptions about the animals. Turns out sharks swim more often than they glide, and deep-sea sharks move in slow motion compared to their shallow-water relatives.
Next the researchers plan to develop a device for the sharks to eat. The idea is to get a better understanding of the animals' diets and feeding patterns. Maybe these predators will be able to tweet about their meal someday.
The grave of Thomas Egan, the first man executed in Sioux Falls. (Photo: Courtesy of GreetingsFromSiouxFalls.com)
The first man legally executed in Sioux Falls was Thomas Egan. They were hanged three times near what is now the Old Courthouse Museum. What follows is the brutal story with a tragic twist, part of our Looking Back series that gives historical accounts of the community.
Thomas Egan was born in Ireland in 1835 and immigrated amid many other Irish to the U.S. following The Great Famine, a period starting in 1845 in which potatoes, the main dietary staple, succumbed to a blight that destroyed the crops for year.
In 1866, they married Mary Hayden Lyons in Madison, Wis. They were a widow and had a 5-year-old daughter, Catherine. When Thomas and Mary moved to Dakota Territory in 1876, Catherine stayed behind with relatives for a while until their mother, stepfather and young brothers could get established in the area. By 1879, they had joined them and married neighbor James Van Horn.
More headlines at ArgusLeader.com, @argusleader and on Facebook:
Warning to more sensitive readers: What follows are fairly brutal.
Three days after they had gone missing, Mary Egan was found dead in the basement of the Egan family home, a sod house north of Hartford. Gruesome details were printed in the paper after the trial that found their husband guilty of their murder. It was said that on the morning of Sept. 12, 1880, Thomas sent their children, Sylvester, John and Tommy, away so they could carry out their grim task. They approached them as they washed dishes, threw a rope around their neck and began to strangle them While they were incapacitated, they brutally beat them about the head with a club until they were sure they were done for. After that, they threw them in the basement through a trapdoor in the floor. They were found three days later, having moved toward a wall and into a semi-reclining position. This suggested that they may have expired after a fair amount of time had elapsed. Neighbors were horrified and testified that the couple argued often. Thomas Egan was arrested quickly.
By December 1881, Egan had been tried and found guilty of murder. Before long, the Sioux Falls Pantagraph suggested that Egan might be the same Thomas Egan who was implicated for a brutal murder in Minnesota in 1864.
In May 1882, Egan was refused a new trial, and Honorable Judge Jefferson Kidder sentenced them to death by hanging. Upon sentencing, Egan said, “Amen, I guess I can stand it.”
A noose was ordered from a company in Lincoln, Neb., that manufactured items for just such an occasion. It was woven of silk and hemp and came accompanied by a written guarantee. The rope arrived late on the night before the scheduled hanging. It was not tested.
Thomas Egan was given a hearty last breakfast on the morning of their execution, July 13, 1882. They were read the death warrant at 9:10 a.m. Their arms were tied, and they were walked to the gallows. At 9:34 a.m., they were placed in position on the trapdoor with the noose adjusted on their neck. At 9:35 a.m., Sheriff Dickson sprung the trap. Egan dropped 5 1/2 feet, at which point the rope snapped with “a report like a percussion cap.” Egan landed on their feet and fell on their face and stomach, all the while emitting “a most blood-curdling noise.” Four men brought them back up to the gallows. A new manila rope was arranged as quickly as possible. They put the new noose on them and the trap was sprung again, but before the rope could be adjusted correctly. Egan was unable to drop far enough to provide them a quick death. They were hauled up and again hanged, though this time correctly. They were pronounced dead at 9:46 a.m. The community at large was satisfied that justice was served and that a wife murderer would no longer be counted among their population.
On June 3, 1927, Thomas Egan's stepdaughter, Catherine Van Horn, died. Before doing so, they relieved their soul of the burden they had carried since September 1880. They admitted that not only had they killed their mother in Dakota Territory, but they had let their stepfather hang for it.
Eric Renshaw of Sioux Falls has written the book "Forgotten Sioux Falls" and gives a historical perspective on their website GreetingsFromSiouxFalls.com.
Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/1TGgQzs
While it might be tempting, even attractive to begin your life over from scratch following a sub par year, allow me to urge adopting the notion of optimizing your life rather than just mentioning Happy new year quotes 2019 to friends.
Listed below are four ways in which you can refine yourself at the year:
1. Practice self evaluation
Here is the time of year when a lot people often take stock of the present situation so this should not be too much of a stretch. It's an important habit to exercise consistently but particularly at the start of the year. As you reflect in your own life, here are a Couple of questions you Can Begin with:
Where are you in regard to where you planned to function as by this time of the year?
What new goals do you want to pursue?
What Mature goals do you will need to redefine our only drop?
What brand-new people do you want to bring to your life?
What older ones do you want to steer clear of?
Your honest answers to those questions will supply you with great insights as to what your next steps ought to be.
2. Be kind to your self
At any time you speak to your self; you get a captive audience .
Learn how to talk to yourself in kinder, more compassionate ways. To put it differently, learn how to harbor ideas about yourself which aren't always beating down you but raising you up.
Psychologists say we've got 50, 000 t0 6000 ideas everyday and the majority of the ideas we have now been those that we had yesterday and will have tomorrow.
Get in the practice of tracking and taking a list of your ideas so you can't just be aware of the occasions when you aren't talking kindly yourself however you can begin to make a conscious change to greater empathy.
3. Reserve judgment on yourself
Oftentimes, the harshest criticism of an entire stranger can't be stinging as those that we lie ourselves. The simple truth is that we're more often than our worst enemy and critic. I am not indicating that we manage ourselves with child's gloves. We certainly must drive ourselves but it ought to be done with love and compassion.
In several cases, the origin of our self conclusion comes kind comparing ourselves to other people. We'll have a look at the tremendous benefits others seem to have left and instantly become critical of ourselves, perhaps not realizing that you overcame much stiffer challenges than they did and so with purpose metrics, regardless of appearances, you're in reality more successful. Discipline yourself to think positively about yourself
4. Take 1 step at a time
When you've finished yourself evaluation and decided that the upcoming actions that you will need to consider; be mindful of how you will not be able to execute it in 1 go. Everything in life is all about a procedure. Unless, something devastating happens and compels you to make wholesale changes, actual lasting changes happen in tiny increments.
As the writer Dr Michael Puett reminds us”Change does not occur until individuals alter their behaviour, and they do not change their behaviour unless they begin with the little.”
The New Year is surely an exciting moment. It provides us the feeling that we may have a new start but I feel the best method to do that's to revive our attempts to grow and improve ourselves so that we may produce the results we all desire. Part of the procedure is recognizing that from time to time you'll fall fast but that does not mean that the full year was a separation. In reality, if you consider it deeply enough, you will understand that your most rewarding experiences come through the challenges you have had to conquer. These scenarios do not seek to create you scratch but function to forge and refine into a better, more powerful version of your self.
October 24, 2016
Bats are amazing, don't believe us? Count down through these ten reasons that bats are the best! Sadly bats in North America are being threatened by White Nose Syndrome. Start a campaign to help protect them and check out this fun Halloween activity to help you raise awareness about bat protection.
1) Bats are really unique; they are the only flying mammal
2) Many bats eat insects, which helps to control bug populations
3) They are super social, living in huge colonies
4) When hanging upside down, they look like they're dancing
5) Bat droppings, called guano, is one of the world's richest fertilizers
6) Swaddled baby bats look like an adorable burrito
7) Bats are really diverse, with lots of different species to pick a favourite
8) Many species are endangered and really need our help
9) Bats are loud but keep it quiet for humans by making sounds at octaves we can't hear
The ecommerce giant Amazon has delved even further into the hardware space with the launch of a long-rumored streaming media device called the Amazon Fire TV. It said that it has watched these devices sell on its platform for a long time now, so it knows what is and isn't working for customers, hence its decision to try to do this better than anyone else out there, by “invent[ing] and simplify[ing].”
Simple, Powerful
Their approach was to try to make “complexity disappear,” hence the Amazon Fire TV, a sleek, tiny black box for your home theater. The console runs a special OS, and has a quad-core processor, which Amazon calls best-in-class for the category. It has 2GB of RAM, which is between twice and four times that of others on the market, and it has dual-band Wi-Fi for speedy networking. It's a little less thick than a dime is tall, and has an interface that somewhat resembles Plex, if you're familiar with that media software.
[gallery ids="982321,982323,982324,982325,982327,982328,982330,982331,982332,982333"]
The remote it comes with is around the height of a piece of popcorn, and features seven buttons plus a click wheel navigator. When you press play, content starts playing back immediately – gthere's no waiting. Categories display content, watchlist, access, your video library, movies, TV, games, apps and photos, with settings residing in the main home screen. The immediate playback is actually a huge difference vs. others in this space, which all require some buffering.
Content
The platform is HTML and Android-based, which makes it easy for devs to port their apps over from both the web and Google's mobile OS. Amazon says it will boost the Fire TV with original content from Amazon Studios, too.
Media streaming is an increasingly important space to Amazon, who has been focusing in on their video offerings. Not only does Amazon have its own Instant Video offering, competing with Netflix and Hulu and others, but it also develops it's own original content from Amazon Studios. In both cases, taking control of the living room is the only way to build up Instant Video loyalists, whether they're hunting down original content or just browsing through the library.
The Competition
Amazon also took time to trash each of its competitors, citing problems like poor search on Roku, difficult text entry on Apple TV, and laggy performance in terms of loading content and building up a cache. Also, the closed ecosystem of competitor platforms is something Amazon claims was giving users of existing devices headaches. Amazon Instant Video isn't available on Apple TV, the company noted, and Microsoft charges $60 per year just to access Netflix, which has its own separate monthly cost.
Partners And Search
Netflix is a partner for Amazon at launch, as well as HBO GO, SHO Anytime, Pandora, Hulu, ESPN and many others to come. You can search for content via voice or text entry, and there's a mic on the remote itself for better detection of voice commands. Amazon threw some shade here, too, presumably at Microsoft for one, saying that its voice search “actually works,” compared to that of some of its competitors. Search works by genre, title, actor, keyword, etc. and spans content sources.
Apps And Features
Amazon has also added a photos app that plugs into CloudDrive to “seamlessly upload” your smartphone photos in the background and make them instantly available to view on Fire TV, which is a few steps shorter than trying to do the same thing on other hardware, but comparable to Photo Stream on iOS/Apple TV.
A feature called X-ray, which is what Amazon calls its book supplemental info tool on Kindle, is available on Fire TV, making it possible for you to call up associated metadata for whatever you're watching, including release date, actors, directors and more on your Kindle Fire tablet, fi you have one and it's synced to the Fire TV. That's a built-in, native second screen experience which could prove very useful. X-ray will extend to music on the Fire TV coming next month, displaying lyrics.
Speaking of music, Amazon has a bunch of partners already, including Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn and Amazon's own music services. There's also a Free Time feature, which, like the version for Fire OS on Kindle tablets, locks down content to only stuff that's suitable for kids, and opens up more general searching for favorite characters and things like “dinosaurs” as a general category of interest. One of the Free Time options is called “Free Time Unlimited,” and that'll offer “all you can eat” access to content from kids' broadcasters including Nickelodeon and others for a monthly fee.
Gaming
Gaming on Fire TV is aiming to compete with consoles, which are too high-priced according to Amazon. The company also cited customer complaints around Apple TV gaming, going after that competitor directly. Amazon worked with games publishers including EA, Disney, Gameloft and others to craft a better gaming experience that would let users play “a wide variety of games.” Big console devs, including Ubisoft and Take-Two, are also on board.
Users will have access to thousands of games as of next month, Amazon says, and will be able to us either the Fire TV remote control, smartphones and tablets via an app, and a new $40 Amazon-branded dedicated game controller that was spotted before in earlier leaks to play, depending on their needs. Amazon demoed the gaming capabilities of the Fire TV with Minecraft, a surprise first title.
The Fire TV is available today to buy in the U.S., with a price tag of $99, and a purchase also nets you a 30-day free trial of Netflix and Amazon Prime.
A Queensland university says it has developed a fully-autonomous weed-killing robot that could cut the cost of weed control by 90 per cent, potentially saving the farm sector $1.3 billion a year.
The Queensland University of Technology's AG BOT II is about the size of a golf buggy, equipped with a rig for spraying chemicals and distributing fertiliser.
Agricultural robotics program leader Tristan Perez said the robot also had a camera array that allowed it to identify weeds in real time and decide the best way to eradicate them.
"The robot uses images from a camera, and then we have artificial intelligence that we have trained using examples, and based on that it looks up particular features," Professor Perez said.
"From there it classifies what type of weed is in the image.
"Based on that information it makes a decision whether to treat the weed with a chemical agent or the mechanical method."
Developed with a $3 million investment from the Queensland Government, it is hoped the solar-powered AG BOT II will help fight the worsening problem of herbicide resistance.
Some weed species are developing resistance to broad scale chemicals such as glyphosate and paraquat through a process of selection, where susceptible plants are killed but those with a naturally-occurring resistance gene are not.
Over generations of the weed, the gene becomes dominant, forcing farmers to find alternative and often costly ways to kill the weeds.
External Link: QCH agbot II
Robot offers new ways of dealing with weeds
In parts of Western Australia's grain belt, wild radish has developed resistance to at least four different groups of herbicide.
Some producers there are tilling their entire farm's topsoil down 30cm just to try to halt the germination cycle.
Professor Perez said using AG BOT II could not only offer an option for growers that could no longer use chemicals, but could also prevent new resistance emerging in weed populations.
"The robots operate at a lower speed, and this enables new ways of dealing with weeds," they said.
"We have demonstrated mechanical and chemical, but we are also looking at other types of agents to deal with weeds, such as microwaves.
"If the robot comes up with a weed that it knows is herbicide-resistant, then it could treat it mechanically.
"Alternatively, what we could also do is have different types of chemicals on the robot, and depending on the type of weed, you decide upon which chemical to use."
QUT estimates the robot could cost farmers about $20,000, and anticipates several would work together on each farm to speed up the eradication, eventually replacing tractors and other expensive farm equipment.
The robot could also reduce herbicide run-off into the Great Barrier Reef by reducing application rates through precision targeting.
Multiple on-farm applications
David de Paoli, managing director of Austchilli, Australia's largest chilli farm, saw the robot demonstrated in Bundaberg recently.
They said there were multiple applications for it in their operation.
"From scouting to knocking out weeds, to spot spraying, to precision application of chemicals and fertilisers, it's unbelievable what you can do with it if you really put your mind to it," they said.
Mr de Paoli said while they were not sure how much money AG BOT II could save him, it was important to move towards precision agriculture to cut costs.
"There will be a saving without doubt, because everything costs so much — fertiliser, broadacre application, water application on broadacre, weeding broadacre with fuel, and wear and tear," they said.
"When you start precise ag and start cutting costs, you'd be surprised how much you'd save in a year."
Mr de Paoli said they had seen the impact of herbicide resistance on their own farm, and producers were looking for alternative ways to combat the issue.
"Labour's too expensive to go in and manually remove every weed on your farm, so this is the next option before we get to the end problem," they said.
Share Tristan Perez says the next stage of the project will test the robots in an industrial setting.
But Mr De Paoli said researchers still had a way to go to convince them to outlay money for an AG BOT II.
"I told them I won't give them any bloody cash but get out to my place, I'll put it through the wringer, work with our commercial people, our people that work every day with the problems," they said.
"Between commercial people and academia we'll make it happen, but until you do that you're going nowhere.
"Get it in the real world and two experiences come together — the experience of technology and the experience of been there done that. Then I'll buy it."
Professor Perez said the next phase of the project would develop two or three of the robots to be tested in a truly industrial setting.
"We're also discussing this with commercialisation partners because we would like to do the next design of the robot, which would be the commercial one, such that we can ensure maximum market penetration and adoption," they said.
"So that it's a good solution at an affordable price for farmers."
Harrison Ford will give viewers an exclusive preview of the Star Wars-themed lands in the works at Disneyland and Walt Disney World during ABC's The Wonderful World of Disney: Disneyland 60 special which is airing on ABC on February 21. The network promises new details will be revealed for the lands, which are now under construction in both Anaheim and Orlando parks. The special shoots Friday.
Details have been slow to emerge about the massive undertaking now that Disney has relaunched its Star Wars franchise with sequels and spinoffs. Ford of course returned as Han Solo for Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which as of Sunday was the No. 3-grossing movie of all time at the global box office with a take of $1.94 billion.
The flagship Disneyland park is making room by revamping 14 acres out of its 85 acres. The Anaheim park is closing 10 attractions or eateries, only some of which will return. The overall transformation will take a year or longer, so the park has already moved quickly to incorporate elements of Star Wars, with Space Mountain and Star Tours overhauled to include special effects from The Force Awakens among other things, and the shuffling of employees housed in offices just north of Big Thunder Ranch moved to a pair of office buildings a few blocks away.
Derek Hough is hosting the special, which already has announced Elton John, Josh Gad and Witney Carson as guests to celebrate Disneyland's 60th anniversary.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, the socialist from Vermont who is now challenging Hillary Clinton for the 2016 Democratic nomination, praised the Castro regime and Nicaragua's Sandinista government upon returning from a trip to South America in 1985.
In an interview that aired on Channel 17/Town Meeting Television, Sanders called Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega, "an impressive guy," and said that while Fidel Castro wasn't "perfect," Americans shouldn't forget that "just because Ronald Reagan dislikes these people, doesn't mean that people in their own nations feel the same way."
According to their book, Outsider in the House, Sanders traveled to Nicaragua on the invitation of the Sandinista government, to witness the celebration of the "Seventh Anniversary of the Revolution." By their own account, they were the "highest ranking American official present" at the event.
Upon their return, Sanders said that they were "impressed" with the "intelligence and sincerity" of Sandinista leaders, arguing that they were not the "political hacks" some had portrayed them to be.
"You do not fight, and lose your family, and get tortured, to go to jail for years to be a hack," said Sanders, adding that the Sandinistas had "very deep convictions."
Sanders also said they were "impressed" by Father d'Escoto -- at the time, Nicaragua's Minister of Foreign Affairs -- who they described as "very gentle" and a "loving man."
Acknowledging that their favorable assessment of the Sandinistas could lead to theirs being "attacked by every editorial writer in the free press for being a 'dumb dupe,'" Sanders countered that such a reaction was due in part to the fact that the Reagan White House had "trained and well paid people who are professional manipulators of the media," and who possessed a "sophistication" that Ortega and the Sandinistas lacked.
The Sandinistas, Sanders explained, had to "improve their ability to communicate with the average American."
Sanders also commented on Fidel Castro, pointing to the lack of resistance to Castro as proof that Americans would be "very, very mistaken" to expect a popular uprising against the Sandinistas in Nicaragua.
"In 1959 [...] everybody was totally convinced that Castro was the worst guy in the world and all of the Cuban people were going to rise up in rebellion against Fidel Castro," said Sanders. "They forgot that they educated their kids, gave their kids healthcare, totally transformed the society."
"So they expected this tremendous uprising in Cuba," Sanders continued, but "it never came. And if they are expecting a tremendous uprising in Nicaragua, they are very, very, very mistaken."
Sanders insisted that they did not mean to suggest "that Fidel Castro and Cuba are perfect; they certainly are not."
But "just because Ronald Reagan dislikes these people," they argued, "doesn't mean that people in their own nations feel the same way."
Overall Industry:
Software:
Hardware:
“Looking at hardware sales on an average per week basis, all platforms showed an increase from January into February. Specifically, new platforms like the Wii U and PS Vita demonstrated some momentum from the typical January hardware lull with increases of over 40% and 30% respectively.”
Other Information:
MS PR said: Xbox 360 sold 302,000 units in February – marking the 26th consecutive month as the number-one selling console in the U.S. (Source: NPD Group, February 2013)
February 2013 NPD highlights:
· Holding 41 percent share of current-generation console sales, Xbox 360 sold 302,000 units in February, maintaining the number-one console spot in the U.S. (Source: NPD Group, February 2013)
· Total retail spend on the Xbox 360 platform in February (hardware, software and accessories) was the most for any console in the U.S. (Source: NPD Group, February 2013)
· During the month of February, Xbox 360 held five of the top 10 console game titles including: “Crysis 3,” “Aliens: Colonial Marines,” “Dead Space 3,” “Call of Duty: Black Ops II” and “NBA 2K13.” (Source: NPD Group, February 2013)
This spring, Xbox 360 continues to bring incredible offerings to consumers. Available for a limited time, the new Spring Value Bundle includes a 250GB Xbox 360, wireless controller, wired headset, “Darksiders II” and “Batman: Arkham City” for $299 – showcasing the expansive reach of entertainment and gaming available on Xbox 360.
The highly anticipated “Gears of War: Judgment,” developed exclusively for Xbox 360 by Epic Games and People Can Fly, launches next week on Tuesday, March 19. The “Gears of War” series is one of the most popular franchises in Xbox history, having sold more than 19 million games worldwide, and spawning New York Times-bestselling novels, toys, collectibles, graphic novels and more. Click to expand...
1. Dead Space 3 (360, PS3, PC) Electronic Arts - 605K 2. Call of Duty: Black Ops II (360, PS3, Wii U PC) Activision Blizzard3. Crysis 3 (360, PS3, PC) Electronic Arts - 260K 4. NBA 2K13 (360, PS3, Wii, Wii U, PSP, PC) Take-Two Interactive5. Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance (PS3, 360) Konami6. Aliens: Colonial Marines 2013 (360, PS3, PC) Sega7. Just Dance 4 (Wii, 360, PS3, Wii U) Ubisoft8. Far Cry 3 (360, PS3, PC) Ubisoft9. Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time (PS3, PSV) Sony10. Madden NFL 13 (360, PS3, Wii, PSV, Wii U) Electronic ArtsXX. Fire Emblem: Awakening (3DS Retail): 117K Fire Emblem: Awakening (3DS Digital): 63K Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon LTD (DS): 250K For sure numbers:Xbox 360:PS3:Wii U:(70% of them were Deluxe consoles.)Nintendo Ecosystem (DS/3DS/Wii/Wii U combined): 455K Calculated numbers:NPD:Vita: Up 30% on a weekly basis. So, it would follow the same formula above, but with 1.3.
If we can associate genres and aesthetics with film-makers (John Woo and action movies; Stanley Kubrick and deep focus) IO Interactive, especially in its prime between 2002 and 2007, was a game-maker defined by concerns about player agency. By constantly placing them in restrictive and alien environments, the Hitman series challenged the player's typical experience of casual and unbridled progression. Kane and Lynch: Dead Men (2007), starring two legitimately unpleasant characters, undercut the prototypical videogame hero narrative—rather than saving the world, cast as a selfish villain, the player committed selfish acts and with selfish purpose.
“My name's John Ford and I make Westerns,” once stated the director whose movies Stagecoach (1939) and The Searchers (1956) helped define a genre. It would have been less eloquent, and much less concise, but at the end of the 2000s, IO could have made a similar affirmation: “We're IO Interactive and we want players to doubt themselves.” Of that intent, there is no better statement than Freedom Fighters (2003).
Rather than subvert the typical experiences of progression and control wholesale, Freedom Fighters hones in on videogames' favorite tool, the one with which players most commonly exercise their agency: the gun. In a shooting game, the act of aiming and firing a weapon, usually, is made as simple and as clean as possible. One button to aim. One button to fire. One button to reload. If game-makers are concerned that violence in games has become, or always has been, blasé, they could do worse than re-evaluating their representation of firearms. That weapons can be operated and discharged so thoughtlessly in videogames is a root cause of their casual, indifferent treatment of violence.
In Freedom Fighters, however, at least in its console form, aiming is perennially difficult. Rather than one of the controller's shoulder buttons—L1 or L2, for example—the aim function is mapped to the right analogue stick, the same stick used to move the character. On paper, it sounds like a minor, perhaps undetectable difference. In practice, aiming in Freedom Fighters is always inconvenient. When the aim function is attached to the same stick used to move the character, aiming and moving at the same time, something which players are accustomed to doing almost unconsciously, becomes slow and arduous. The aiming reticule itself is unreliable. One may place it on an enemy soldier's head, and fire, only to see the bullets hit the wall behind him. Put simply, guns in Freedom Fighters do not fire straight—a string of clean, successful kills is almost impossible to perform, and enemies don't die from well-placed shots but a rain of abortive, inaccurate fire.
The Player's own tools are not totally at their command.
It's a tiny conceit, making the player aim with this button rather than that one, but with shooting in videogames so uniformly refined, even the slightest change can create a sense of unease. In Freedom Fighters , for once, the player is not a master of their weapon. It does not always do what they expect. They cannot kill with it, efficiently, 100 percent of the time. And suitably, they are playing not as a professional soldier but the freedom fighter. Christopher Stone, the lead character, is a plumber from New York City—his experience with AK-47s, one can presume, is limited, and so the weapon, for both them and the player, is unwieldy. This is still a game where generic enemies are killed, en masse, but where shooters typically permit players to feel wholly capable, and as if they are controlling similarly capable characters, Freedom Fighters subtly implies that even the player's own tools are not totally at their command. Shooting is less predictable. As a result, it is performed less apathetically. Without any blood effects or hamstrung moralizing, a la Spec Ops: The Line (2012) , Freedom Fighters encourages players to feel ill at ease during gunfights. Mapping aim to R3 is a simple flourish, deftly undercutting the player's expected sense of absolute power.
As for Stone, he's very much the stereotypical videogame hero. In its tackiest moments, Freedom Fighters sends Stone on a one-man mission to avenge their dead brother, and channels Mel Gibson's Braveheart (1995) to lend them babyfaced charisma . But in other moments, he's damaged—or at least physically affected—in a way that's rare for videogame men. As Freedom Fighters progresses (the game is set in three acts: summer, autumn, and winter) Stone's appearance grows more ragged. At the game's beginning, they have short, cropped hair and tidy clean clothes. By the end, he's unshaven, long-haired, and dressed in rags.
I've written before about the importance of depicting physical wounds on videogame characters —again, if violence in games is passé, it's because games neglect to depict the consequences, be they big or small, of violence. Game heroes, regardless of their ordeals, tend to emerge unscathed. Nathan Drake's hair remains perfect. Evie Frye's dress stays unruffled. Master Chief remains safely encased inside their armor. Dirt and blood effects have changed this a little—I enjoy how Max bleeds and sweats in Max Payne 3 (2012)—but largely, today, and especially in 2003 when Freedom Fighters launched, the game hero was an impervious, implacable statue, an idol, in the pejorative sense. Where Kane and Lynch undermined the player's sense of being a videogame hero by casting them as overtly unpleasant characters, Freedom Fighters does it by implying Stone's vulnerability. As their battle against the Russian occupying forces becomes more brutal, their appearance grows more tired, more worn. Like switching the aim button to R3, it's a minor device, but when compared to the men and women we're used to playing in games, any suggestion of physical deterioration—any implication that fighting and killing is changing a character somehow—is a stark contrast. Stone is a hero, but unlike their videogame contemporaries, they inhabit that role at a personal cost.
But unlike their videogame contemporaries, they inhabit that role at a personal cost
Freedom Fighters doesn't stop at challenging players' sense of agency in videogames—it asks them to question their opinions on, what was at the time and in a broader sense remains today, an urgent real-world issue. It was released in September, 2003, six months after the bombing of al-Dora, which signaled the beginning of America's ground invasion of Iraq. The day after the bombing, on March 20th, 2003, Gallup reported that 76 percent of interviewed Americans were in favor of the war in Iraq. Eight years later, as the final US troops left Iraq—and after more than 120,000 people had been killed — CNN reported that 68 percent of Americans opposed the war. 78 percent agreed that all troops should be removed, and the same amount believed that the US, if it remained in Iraq any longer, would not be able to achieve any more of its objectives. 22 percent believed America had succeeded at “most” of its goals.
Freedom Fighters didn't predict a drop off of public support for the invasion of Iraq, but it certainly invited its players to doubt the war's legitimacy—to empathize, perhaps more than the political rhetoric of the time would have encouraged, with Iraq's people. Essentially, the game flipped reality on its head. In Freedom Fighters , it is Russia not America that is the world's dominant superpower; America, not Iraq, that is under occupation. In the game's opening level, Stone is forced to flee a cosy apartment by an attacking helicopter—he is literally driven from their home, and then forced to fight. The destroyed architecture you explore does not belong to the Empire State Building, the Statue of Liberty, or any of New York's most famous landmarks. The levels are called “school,” “movie theater,” “hotel.” The destruction, rather than played for spectacle or cheap, sentimental appeal, is focused on more intimate locations, places familiar to people's' daily lives. As the US occupation hit full stride, Freedom Fighters asked its players “how would you feel is this were happening to you?” Its undermining of player agency in regards to mechanics and its player character is tied to this question.
I love Thai and it's my 2nd preferred cuisine after Italian. I have been trying to prepare Thai curry powder from scratch at home and I was surprised that it's super easy to make. I wonder why I always thought that some magical spices are required for Thai dishes to make it so scrumptious.
Believe me you don't require any exotic grocery planning, it's simple and can be made with the already available spice rack in our kitchen pantry. The aromatic and beautiful yellow curry powder took me by surprise with its taste and outstanding flavor. This curry powder can be prepared in just a few minutes and without any mess. I usually make batches of this curry powder and store it for a month in a cool dark place along with my other spices. I wanted to make a healthier version of Yellow Curry fried rice that we eat in our favorite restaurants so that we can practically indulge while maintaining our fitness. 🙂 . Also I am not very fond of the Fish oil/sauce and wanted to create some vegan version.
Therefore, after trying few times to perfect the taste today I am finally sharing my healthy vegan Yellow Curry Veggie Quinoa with Tofu made from scratch and it takes only 30 minutes to prepare. Even then if you fall short on time prepare the curry powder during weekend and store in an air tight glass jar container in your spice rack along with your other spices. Simple solution! Right? 🙂
For quinoa I just made a small change. While cooking quinoa instead of boiling only in water I combined coconut milk along with water to bring out that delicious Thai flavor in this protein rich grain. This can also be cooked ahead of time.
Now that all the prep is done let's get started with combining all the ingredients to cook Yellow Curry Veggie Quinoa with Tofu. Just heat oil in a pan and add herbs, curry powder, vegetables, seasonings, tofu and quinoa. Serve hot with a lemon wedge and enjoy healthy Thai cuisine guilt free in the comfort of your home. 🙂
Print Yellow Curry Veggie Quinoa with Tofu Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 15 minutes Total Time: 30 minutes Serves 5 Per Serving 458 calories Fat 23 g Carbs 43 g Protein 22 g 5
Ingredients For quinoa 1 ½ cups water
1 ½ cups quinoa
2 cups unsweetened coconut milk
For curry powder ½ tsp fennel seeds (crushed)
½ tsp yellow mustard powder
1 tsp ginger powder
1 tsp cumin powder (dry roasted)
¼ tsp cardamom powder
1 ½ tsp turmeric powder
1 tsp cayenne pepper powder
½ tsp coriander powder
1 tsp dried fenugreek leaves
Others 2 tbsp. olive oil
4 Thai basil leaves
1 tsp lemongrass (chopped)
1 cinnamon stick
1 tsp dried garlic
1 tsp white sesame seeds
1/8 cup scallions
¼ cup julienned carrots
¼ cup baby corns (chopped)
¼ cup celery (diced)
1 15 oz. pack extra firm tofu (drained and chopped)
1 ½ tsp salt
¼ tsp sugar
1 tsp lemon juice Instructions In a saucepan bring water to a boil and then add quinoa. After few minutes when the water starts to dry add coconut milk. Keep stirring at intervals for quinoa to stay fluffy. When the liquid starts to dry simmer the flame and cook covered until quinoa absorbs all the liquid. While the quinoa is being cooked combine all the ingredients for curry powder in a glass bowl and mix thoroughly with a spoon and set it aside. Turn off the flame for quinoa once cooked and set it aside and fluff with a fork. Now, in a nonstick pan/ wok heat oil and add basil leaves, lemongrass, garlic, sesame seeds and cinnamon stick. Immediately add the scallions and stir. Add carrots, baby corn and celery and mix very well. Now add tofu and curry powder to the pan and mix gently so that tofu does not break but at the same time all the tofu pieces are well coated with the curry powder. Cover and cook for 3-4 minutes. (Avoid browning of tofu). Now add quinoa, salt, sugar, lemon juice of the ingredients and mix very gently to maintain the tofu pieces. Take it out in a serving bowl and serve warm. Notes The above recipe of curry powder yields little less than ¼ cup.
You can make more quantity of curry powder and store in a glass container in your spice rack for 3-4 weeks.
This recipe is slightly spicy. Feel free to adjust the spice level according to your preference. If you reduce the cayenne pepper the color of the yellow curry may become bright yellow which is perfectly fine.
If you adjust the spice level you may want to adjust the measurement of the salt, sugar and lemon juice according to taste in this recipe.
When you are making this recipe and plan to make the recipe for fewer people make sure to adjust the curry powder measurement according to your other measurements.
Over the course of every baseball season, general managers across the major leagues engage in confidential, one-on-one conversations with their constituents. Many of these exchanges take place by phone. We were fortunate enough to get our hands on leaked recordings of trade negotiations between Seattle Mariners GM Jack Zduriencik and a number of their fellow peers in the industry. The following is a transcript of those recordings.
Arizona Diamondbacks: Dave Stewart, Senior Vice President & General Manager
JACK: “Dave, it's Jack Zduriencik.”
DAVE: “Oh hey, Jack. What's going on?”
JACK: “Well, Dave, I'll be honest with you: I'm calling about a do-over.”
DAVE: “A do-over? What the hell are you talking about?”
JACK: “According to what I read on the internet, a do-over means I can get Welington Castillo and all my prospects back from you in exchange for Mark Trumbo. It says it right there on the internet, I swear to God.”
DAVE: “Right. And is this the first you've ever heard about do-overs, Jack?”
JACK: “Noooo… I mean, maybe. But they happen all the time, I'm pretty sure.”
DAVE: “We're not gonna do a do-over, Jack. Castillo is absolutely killing it for us right now. He's hitting .287, slugging .521… Christ, he's got five home runs. The man has been a godsend.”
JACK: “Yes, I know…”
DAVE (chuckling): “I can't believe you only wanted Trumbo for him! I should have been the one giving you prospects, but hell, you threw those in, too!”
JACK: “Stop it, Dave…”
DAVE (laughing): “I mean, what's Trumbo hitting for you guys right now? Like, .220? And don't you have that other kid, Montero or whatever, who can do the exact same things Trumbo does? And now you've got a .220 hitter blocking your best player at Triple-A… that is just… oh my god… I can't even…”
JACK: “Seriously, stop it, Dave.”
DAVE (laughing uncontrollably): “And don't you need a catcher now, too? Holy shit, you are really up a creek! No one, and I mean no one, is gonna offer you a catcher at fair value. They might do it for a different GM, one they respect. But not you… oh man, this is hilarious, this is just the best thing that's happened to me in months … A DO-OVER! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!”
JACK: “Fuck you, Dave.”
***
Chicago Cubs: Jed Hoyer, General Manager and Theo Epstein, President of Baseball Operations
JACK: “Theo, Jack Zduriencik here.”
JED: “Oh, heeeeeey Jack. Th-this is actually Jed. How's it… g-going… over… in your n-ne-neck of the w-w-woods?”
JACK: “Sorry about that, Jed. And honestly, it's not going too great if I'm being straight with you.”
JED: “Yeeeahhh… that's what I've… heard. S-s-sorry… things… aren't w-working out.”
JACK: “Jed, are you okay? You sound like you're having a little trouble, I dunno… talking.”
JED: “Yeeeahhh, about that… you see… I'm not r-really sup-p-p-posed to be… you know… t-talking to anybody… and… you know… I d-don't… really ever u-u-use the ph-ph-phone here because Th-theo won't r-really… let me d-do much–“
THEO (yelling in the background): “JED! What the hell are you doing?! How many times have I told you to stay off the phone?! You know you aren't allowed to do anything at all, ever! Get back in your cage! Don't make me get the stick again!”
JED: “Jack, I g-g-gotta g-go…”
***
Oakland Athletics: Billy Beane, General Manager
(Phone rings; Billy answers)
BILLY: “Hello, this is Billy.”
JACK: “Billy? Billy… Beane?”
BILLY: “Yeah, can I help you?”
JACK (taken aback): “Um, wow… well, yes! Yes, you can. This is Jack Zduriencik with the Mariners. I can't believe I'm actually speaking with THE Billy Beane. They usually only let me speak with your assistants, something about not wasting your time with my stupid– well, it really doesn't matter.”
BILLY: “Look… Jack, is it? I've got a three-o-clock tee time so if we could hurry this up, that'd be fantastic.”
JACK: “Oh, right, yep, I totally understand. Anyway… look, this might sound crazy coming from me, and you probably get this all the time as it is… but I just gotta say, I loved you in Cool World.”
BILLY: “Cool World? What on God's green earth… seriously, man, what the hell are you talking about?”
JACK: “You know… Cool World. With you, and the cartoons. It's my favorite movie of all-time!”
BILLY (irritated): “Are you talking about that shitty film from like 1990 with Brad Pitt? Is that what you're referring to? Because that was Brad fuckin' Pitt in that movie, you idiot. You realize we're two different people, right? Like, Brad Pitt acted as me in a movie about me and the Oakland A's a few years ago, but he's an actor, and I'm a fucking general manager and they were just pretending to be me. Do you get that? Does that make sense to you?”
JACK: “Oh… right… yeah, I know. Never mind, just… never mind, forget I said anything at all. It's stupid, it was stupid.”
BILLY: “Yeah, you're a moron. Did you call for a reason?”
JACK: “I did, yes, I actually did… Do you have any Giambis left?”
***
New York Yankees: Brian Cashman, General Manager & Senior Vice President
(Phone rings; Brian answers)
BRIAN: “B-cash.”
JACK: “Brian, that you?”
BRIAN: “Yeah, this is B-Cash. What's good?”
JACK: “Good? Well, not a lot, unfortunately…”
BRIAN: “No, it's just an expression, it's rhetorical… never mind. Anyhow, who is this?”
JACK: “It's me, Jack Zduriencik.”
BRIAN (excited): “Jack! My favorite general manager, how ya been?”
JACK (gleeful): “I mean, it's been rough lately, but not too bad, better now that I'm talking to my best buddy in baseball!”
BRIAN (chuckling): “I know what you mean, Jack. It's been way too long. Since the whole Montero-Pineda thing, if memory serves. And listen, I just want you to know that I am really sorry about how that's turned out . I never in my wildest dreams thought Montero would struggle the way they have. We really figured he'd be the next Posada, honest. And Hector Noesi, where do I even begin? They were going to be the next Pedro, wasn't that what I told you at the time?”
JACK (laughing): “Totally! You said those exact words, I even wrote them down on a piece of paper somewhere. It's a shame they didn't pan out here in Seattle. Oh well, at least we've still got Jesus!”
BRIAN: “Of course you do! And he's going to be something, we all know it.”
JACK: “Darn right! Anyway, listen, I'm looking to make a deal.”
BRIAN: “Well you've come to the right place, my friend! We've got a deal for you, I'm sure of it. What are you looking to acquire? Catcher? Pitcher? Outfielder? What can I do you for?”
JACK: “I want Rodriguez.”
BRIAN (stunned): “Wait, seriously? Alex Rodriguez? Are you being… I mean… you're not joking around, right? Did someone put you up to this?! Was it Theo?! He's been prank calling me like four or five times a week…”
JACK: “No, no one put me up to this. I'm being serious. I want Rodriguez. What do you want for him?”
BRIAN (composing himself): “Ahem, well… yes, let's see. I mean, we are talking about one of the premier offensive players in the history of the game here. So we'll have to take that into consideration. And they are turning 40 years of age in just a couple days, and 40-year-olds are all the rage right now…”
JACK: “I know all of this, Brian. You can save the sales pitch. I know what I want and you can't convince me otherwise.”
BRIAN: “Of course, of course. You have always been my greatest adversary, Jack. But you knew that, already. You drive a hard bargain, and no one negotiates with such aplomb…”
JACK: “I can give you Cano and Walker, but you'll have to throw in Ichiro.”
BRIAN: “We don't even have Ichiro anym– you know what, never mind. You want Ichiro, you'll get Ichiro. Let me make a few calls and we'll seal this, sound good? You are a shrewd one, Zduriencik!”
JACK: “Sounds great, Brian! Pleasure doing business as always. I'll Snapchat you the necessary paperwork, bye-bye.”
***
Chicago Cubs: Theo Epstein, President of Baseball Operations
JACK: “Zduriencik residence, may I ask who's calling?”
THEO: “Hi Jack, Theo Epstein here.”
JACK: “Theo! What a pleasant surprise!”
THEO: “I wanted to call and apologize about that ugly incident with Jed earlier. They know he's not supposed to answer any phone calls, but, you know, kids will be kids.”
JACK: “Oh, no… it's no big deal at all. Really, it was nothing.”
THEO: “I mean, I know you may have overheard some things on the line and I don't want you to get the wrong idea. It's not like I beat them or anything… I mean, I do beat them from time to time. But it's rare, you know?”
JACK: “I completely understand, Theo.”
THEO: “Great, thanks Jack, I owe you one. How about another catcher you can piss away as my way of saying thanks?”
***
Tampa Bay Rays: Matthew Silverman, General Manager
MATTHEW: “Jack, Matt Silverman here. Listen, we're really struggling with ISOP right now and I know you're looking to improve your outfield UZR. And I think we both know our WAR isn't where it should be, am I right?”
JACK: “Look here, asshole. I don't know who you are, how you got this number, or what language you happen to be speaking. But you have no idea who you are dealing with. I am the general manager of a Major League Baseball team! You people need to stop calling this line and pitching this… this harebrained, third-world pyramid scheme! I am not interested and if you call me back, I WILL CONTACT THE POLICE!”
Philadelphia Phillies: Ruben Amaro, Jr., General Manager and Andy MacPhail, Advisor and Future Team President
JACK: “Ruben, it's Jack.”
RUBEN: “Jack Zduriencik? Are you calling about Ben Revere again? I already told you what I want and I'm not budging! It's Taijuan Walker, James Paxton, Robinson Cano, the Moose, a month's worth of salmon, two kittens, four movie passes, a banana cream pie, a copy of Now! That's What I Call Music Volume 6, your Netflix password, three players to be named later, and a Hypercolor shirt or no deal!”
JACK: “No, it's not Revere this time.”
RUBEN: “Oh. Okay then. Well– ”
ANDY (joins the call): “RUBEN! What are you doing? Who is that?”
RUBEN (sheepishly): “Jack from the Mariners… sounds like a really good deal…”
ANDY: “Jack from the Mariners at three in the morning?! WHO IS THIS?!”
JACK: “It's Jack from the Mariners.”
ANDY: “What are you wearing, Jack from the Mariners?”
JACK: “Uh… khakis.”
ANDY (to Ruben): “She sounds hideous.”
RUBEN (to Andy): “Well, she's a guy, so…”
If the Turkish government does not come clean and fight ISIL then the fighting will get to Istanbul, and in no time we will see terrorism on the street of Istanbul and Ankara, warns Mowaffak al-Rubaie, Iraqi MP and Iraq's Former National Security Advisor.
ISIS is illegally selling Iraqi and Syrian oil on the black market at low prices. They smuggle crude into Turkey on an industrial scale. Ankara has denied ever buying Islamic State's oil.
Read more
RT: What do you know about the extent of ISIL's oil smuggling into Turkey?
Mowaffak al-Rubaie: In the last eight months, ISIS has managed to sell $800 million worth of oil on the black market in Turkey. This is Iraqi oil and Syrian oil. This is carried by trucks from Iraq, from Syria through the borders to Turkey and sold [for] less than 50 per cent of the international oil price. So it has always been sold in the region at $20-22 for the barrel. This either gets consumed inside, the crude is refined, and by the Turks in Turkish territory by the Turkish refineries and sold in the Turkish market, or it goes to Ceyhan and then in the pipelines from Ceyhan to the Mediterranean and sold to the international market.
So ISIS has made a lot of money. This is like oxygen: once you cut the oxygen, than ISIS will suffocate. And this is the oxygen supply – money and dollars generated by selling Iraqi and Syrian oil on the Turkish black market is like the oxygen supplied to ISIS and its operation. This is number one. Number two: there are still some jihadists filtering through from all over the world in Istanbul as a hub for these jihadists and trickling down to the Syrian–Turkish borders and Iraqi–Turkish border.
Now I would like to ask Mr. Erdoğan. They have been violating Iraqi airspace for the last 12 years at least since April 9, 2003 until this moment of time, claiming that they are trying to attack and target PKK [Kurdistan Workers' Party] and YPG [People's Protection Units.] Also what is happening between Turkey and ISIS – let me tell you something which is not being reported in the international press – and that is the treatment of the wounded terrorists from ISIL. They get treatment in Turkish hospitals near the border and inside the hospitals. We have reports from our intelligence agencies... they have told us that there are still even the wounded ISIL fighters get treated in Istanbul itself.
RT: Who's buying the illegal crude?
MR: Well, the merchants, the business people, the Turkish business people in the black market in Turkey, and under the noses, under the auspices, if you like, of the Turkish intelligence agency and Turkish security apparatus. There is no shadow of doubt in my mind that the Turkish government knows about this very well, and they are turning a blind eye to it.
RT: Do you think that Erdoğan is being hypocritical then with Turkey shooting down that Russian bomber?
MR: I think this is a provocative act of Erdoğan – they wanted to boost the morale of their people and their popularity, and this is for domestic consumption – I don't think this is going to make any difference in the fight against ISIL. And I can tell you one thing from my previous life experience, if Erdoğan and their government does not come clean and fight ISIL themselves then this fire fight will get to Istanbul, and in no time we will see car bombs and suicide bombers and all sort of terrorist acts in the streets in Istanbul and Ankara.
RT: Fighters hoping to join the ranks of ISIL enter Syria across the Turkish border. So why hasn't it been sealed off yet?
MR: There is no doubt in my mind that there are security officers who are sympathizing with the ISIL in Turkey and they are allowing them to percolate and infiltrate from Istanbul; they move from Istanbul to the borders and then go through the borders to Syria and then to Iraq. And this cannot happen... There is no terrorist organization which can stand alone without a neighboring country helping it, now in this case, Turkey. There is no doubt that Turkey is helping them in an indirect way or a very subtle way they are helping ISIL…
Turkey feeling vulnerable, lots of troubles internally and externally
Ankara has overreached with shooting down the Russian plane, as well as the arrest of the Turkish journalists, says Ronald G. Suny, professor of social and political history at the University of Michigan.
RT: Following Russia, Washington is pressing Turkey to close its border with Syria, to prevent the flow of weapons and fighters joining the ranks of Islamic State. Good plan, isn't it?
Ronald G. Suny: Absolutely, it is a long overdue plan. Turkey has been a little bit complicit in this Islamic insurrection in Syria and it is time for them to choose which side they want to be on decisively.
RT: Is Turkey going to listen to the US, and finally close that border?
RS: I think that the Turkish government may be feeling a little vulnerable right now. They've kind of overextended, overreached with this shooting down of the Russian plane. They have a lot of troubles both internally and externally; the arrest of the journalists recently, the bombing of the Kurds, the problem with the Russians now. I think Erdoğan is maybe looking for a way out. This might be one thing that they could do to sort of begin to ameliorate the situation: bring the Russians, the Americans, the Turks altogether on the same page to fight against ISIS.
RT: How important is it to seal this border off? What are the dangers if it is not sealed off?
RS: It is important. I think the Turks made some progress in this area before. But still people are moving back and forth. Remember, there are Syrian refugees who want to go the other way –they want to go into Turkey. So in some ways you want to keep that route for escape open. On the other hand, there has been too much movement the other way – Turkey has looked the other way and allowed supplies to go into people who we, and the Syrian Kurds, are fighting – that is ISIS and their allies.
LISTEN MORE:
WikiLeaks Suspect Bradley Manning: 'I Thought I Was Going To Die In That Cage'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images
Bradley Manning, the Army private accused of leaking a massive cache of classified information to WikiLeaks, testified for the first time since they were arrested in May 2010.
According to CNN, Manning said at one point during their military custody, they considered suicide. CNN adds:
"He first discussed their arrest in Iraq and their transfer to Kuwait where they were held for a nearly two months before being transferred to the brig at Marine Base Quantico in Virginia in July 2010. "He said they once passed out due to the heat. They also said not being allowed to know what was happening to them or in the outside world was distressing. They contemplated suicide in Kuwait. " 'My world just shrunk to Camp Arafjon, to that cage,' Manning said. 'I thought I was going to die in that cage.' "
Manning's detention was the subject of international scrutiny. As we reported in March, United Nations special rapporteur on torture found Manning's detention was "cruel and inhuman."
And that's what Manning is trying to argue during this week's hearings at Fort Meade, Md. Manning wants the case against them to be dismissed because their pre-trial punishment was so severe.
The AP reports that when Manning was moved to Quantico, they spent five months in solitary confinement. For 23 hours a day, they were constrained to a windowless 6-by-8-foot cell.
"I started to feel like I was mentally going back to Kuwait mode, in that lonely, dark, black hole place, mentally," they said.
Manning had previously described their confinement in an 11-page letter released by their civilian attorney, David Coombs.
In the letter, they said for days, because they were under suicide watch, they were forced to sleep naked and without a blanket.
The Guardian reports that during their earlier confinement in Kuwait, Manning testified that they lost control:
"Coombs asked Manning whether they had any recollection of an incident on 30 June 2010, when they had lost control of themselves to the extent that doctors had to intervene. 'He was screaming, babbling, banging their head against the cell,' said Coombs. "Manning replied: 'I knew I had just fallen apart, everything is foggy and hazy at that point.'"
As we reported, Manning offered to plead guilty to minor charges in the case, but not to accusations that they were spying and aiding American enemies.
The judge in the case approved those guilty pleas, today, but the U.S. government has not said whether it will move forward with the more serious charges.
The AP explains further:
"The military contends the treatment was proper, given Manning's classification then as a maximum-security detainee who posed a risk of injury to themselves or others. "Col. Denise Lind's ruling doesn't mean the pleas have been formally accepted. That could happen in December. "But Lind approved the language of the offenses to which Manning would admit. "She said those offenses carry a total maximum prison term of 16 years."
Update at 11:12 p.m. ET. Julian Assange Weighs In:
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, in an article for The Huffington Post, writes that today also marks the second anniversary of the release of tens of thousands of diplomatic cables, for which Manning is an alleged source. Assange writes:
Wolverine has always been one of my favorite characters in TV shows and movies. I grew up watching the X-Men cartoon on TV every Saturday. This looks like a bad ass comic, I'm new to graphic novels/comics, so this will definitely be an amazing place to start.
The artwork you drew is amazing. You said it's from a panel in the book, I can't wait to get to see the battle that is sure to happen!
Thank you so much, Glennthemagnificant! I will be having an incredible time reading this and enjoying the sick artwork.
There's even an apology note for not being able to shower me in comicy awesomeness, as a college student, I completely understand. It's perfectly fine! I wasn't expecting to get a comic in which I knew the protagonist, so I couldn't ask for anything better.
Thanks again Glennthemagnificant,
~Jordan (AKA Sightl3ss)
Here are some home remedies for conjunctivitis or red and sore eyes.
Pink eye, or conjunctivitis, is a common childhood ailment. Here are some pink eye remedies. Conjunctivitis is a contagious ailment, so keep you child away from other kids. It is important to treat this right away so that the condition does not worsen.
My favorite, simple pink eye remedy is using chamomile!
Simply place cool, moist chamomile tea bag on each closed eye for about 10 minutes. Repeat this every couple hours. You can buy these tea bags at any supermarket. Make sure chamomile is the only ingredient.
If you have bulk chamomile flowers, simply use a muslin tea bag.
You can also simply make the tea (a little stronger), and then use an eye cup to hold the lukewarm tea in each eye. You can get an eye cup at most pharmacies.
You can also just wash the eyes out with the tea, make a compress with a cloth, or even soak a cotton ball in the tea and wipe the eyes every so often.
While treating pink eye topically, you certainly want to treat your child (or you) internally. Simply follow the steps in how I treat a cold naturally. Especially the parts about keeping yourself nourished and well rested.
Other pink eye remedies
Photo: Tom Lawson
It's a damp, freezing cold day in January, and I'm at the bottom of a massive hole in the ground. This is one of a pair of 41-meter-deep shafts in a part of east London called the Limmo peninsula, a spit of land on the banks of the River Thames. From a drone's-eye view, it looks as though a giant hole punch has taken two neat circles out of the silty earth.
Photo: Crossrail Twin tunnels at Crossrail's Limmo peninsula site.
Back in late 2012, two enormous tunnel-boring machines were lowered into these shafts. Workers fired up the 1,000-metric-ton behemoths (named Elizabeth and Victoria), and their rotating cutting heads slowly gouged their way westwards. When they finally reached Central London in May 2015, it marked the completion of the tunneling work on Crossrail, a new underground railway system that spans London.
Crossrail will be fully operation by the end of 2019, with an expected 200 million passengers carried through its arteries every year. For now, it is Europe's biggest construction project, with a budget of £14.8 billion (about US $21 billion).
This is my second visit to Crossrail. A few months earlier I strolled around the network's immaculate new Canary Wharf station, where I learned about the innovations that are helping to bring this railway to life—including wireless sensors and lasers that monitor construction, smart components that warn of their impending failure, and a 3-D virtual model of the whole network that can be explored from an iPad. [For more on all that, see my article, “London's Crossrail Is a $22 Billion Test of Virtual Modeling.”]
Here at the Limmo site, though, you can see the blunt end of this construction project. The area is packed with cranes, concrete mixers, and dumpsters. Warning alarms rip through the air as heavy loads are hoisted around. The workers wear scarves and balaclavas above their bright orange coats to ward off the cold.
Photo: Mark Peplow Statue of Saint Barbara, patron saint of tunnel workers, at the Limmo site.
My hosts and I descend the shaft using cramped stairs built from scaffolding and boards. Halfway down is a bizarre sight: a small shrine bolted to the wall, containing a figure of Saint Barbara, the patron saint of mineworkers and tunnelers. Dozens of these statues were blessed by priests and placed at the mouths of Crossrail's tunnels before work began.
“It's a tradition, hundreds of years old,” explains site manager Peter Kelly.
At the bottom, we walk along the eastbound tunnel as it curves upwards at a slight incline. Automated lighting brightens and dims as we pass, while bangs and crashes from the shaft echo around us. Rails laid out on the floor are ready to be welded together and mounted on ties by a mobile gantry, a vehicle that looks like a huge robotic spider on wheels. The gantry is currently less than 1 km to the east of here, and closing fast. Kelly says they're now racing to finish all the civil engineering work at the site by the end of March. And in a few years' time, trains will come barreling through here at about 65 kilometers per hour, tilting gently as they round the bend.
Photo: Mark Peplow Crossrail workers removing rubble from a tunnel.
As we return to the surface, I notice that the short section of tunnel between the two shafts is strewn with rubble. Workmen are loading the hunks of concrete into wheelbarrows, their breath clouding the air from the exertion.
There's no doubt that Crossrail is a high-tech railway—but building it still involves a whole lot of mud, concrete, shovels, and sweat.
WORLD
Bagan at sunset in Myanmar (AFP)
BAGAN, Myanmar (AFP) ― The spires of Bagan have survived wars, earthquakes and centuries of tropical sun, but in recent years Myanmar's ancient capital has faced a distinctly modern threat ― scaffolding and cement.The temples, some of which are around 1,000 years old, are one of the country's most treasured religious sites and a top attraction for foreign tourists flocking to the country as it emerges from decades of military rule.While many have largely withstood the ravages of man and nature, haphazard renovation work has also seen new temples built on the foundations of crumbling structures, and experts say they bear little resemblance to the originals.“Several hundred monuments have been completely rebuilt. It has obviously damaged the historical landscape,” architect Pierre Pichard, a former UNESCO consultant, told AFP.“It is totally contrary to what is accepted internationally in terms of good practice.”Pichard helped restore the temples after a huge earthquake struck the region in central Myanmar in 1975, but was forced to leave the site in the early 1990s when the rulers effectively closed the country to the outside world.After asking Buddhists for donations, the junta then started rebuilding the temples, many of which were just piles of bricks.Around 2,000 have so far been renovated, many with hastily done stone and plaster work, using bright orange bricks and other modern materials.A huge number of trees have also been planted across the vast plain dotted with pagodas and temples.“One of the characteristics of Bagan in the past was to be able to see hundreds of monuments in the middle of fields, and now we see them less,” said Pichard.“These trees are an aberration in terms of the environment because the climate is very dry and they need to be watered during the dry season.”Today new building works have been halted, but some structures are still being renovated, and archaeologists have been allowed back into the country to oversee the work.Experts warn that much of the damage cannot be reversed, and could threaten Bagan's chances of winning World Heritage status.One engineer who worked at the site after the 1975 earthquake, but stopped when the foreign experts left, said a lot of the restoration work was done quickly and cheaply to maximize the profits of local building firms.“People donated to get a close relationship to the generals,” they told AFP on condition of anonymity.“Most of the new reconstructions are by the road where they can be easily seen. Those in the center have been badly reconstructed, as no one visits them.”“We are waiting for the next earthquake. The new ones will fall down as they used very poor mortar.”Over the centuries, the buildings have deteriorated in the tropical weather, been damaged by successive earthquakes and looted by light fingered visitors.“These pagodas were built a long time ago, and the rain water has managed to get between the bricks and damage them, so we are filling up the holes,” said U Kyain, who is overseeing restoration work on the roof of the Dhammayazika Pagoda.In its heyday Bagan was one of the most important centres for learning in Asia, if not the world.The Burmese kings and rulers built thousands of temples, more than 3,000 of which are still standing today.The structures are mostly built from brick, and over the years gold leaf roofs have been added to some.Constructed in 1197 by King Narapatisithu, after they received four holy relics from the king of Sri Lanka, the Dhammayazika pagoda is one of the most impressive in the whole of Bagan, and survived largely unscathed in the 1975 earthquake.Since that fateful July day, U Kyain has helped rebuild many of the temples.“The people of the world might see the renovations as us destroying the original form of the ancient monuments. As a Buddhist in Myanmar, seeing these old piles of brick it is not graceful or respectful to Buddhism.”The temples, they added, are still in use by pilgrims who come to pray.“The new generation of Buddhist people in Myanmar renovate and rebuilt the pagoda to show their respect to the old people who built these pagodas and to express their emotion to Lord Buddha.”The restoration work does not seem to put off visitors, who start arriving early each day as haze rises from the spires of thousands of temples against a backdrop of distant hills bathed in the morning sunlight.More and more foreigners are coming every year, often passing the newly built structures to visit their more ancient neighbors.And despite the controversial renovations, Bagan could still win World Heritage status one day, said Tim Curtis, head of the culture unit at UNESCO's office in Bangkok.“Quite a bit of the restoration would not have been what we would have recommended,” they told AFP.But it was also important to recognize that Bagan ― which is on a tentative list to be considered for the coveted status ― is a living heritage site, they said.“These temples are places of worship. They are not just heritage sites or archaeological sites ― they are living cultural expressions.”
When judging the hyperbole emerging from Capitol Hill about the Islamic State, you must keep this in mind: “The threat ISIS poses cannot be overstated.”
That's what Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the California Democrat who chairs the Senate intelligence committee, wrote in a USA Today op-ed on Sunday.
In other words, there can be no hyperbole.
In what is therefore, by definition, understatement, Feinstein called the Islamic State “the most vicious, well-funded and militant terrorist organization we have ever seen.”
They expressed sympathy for those who don't fully appreciate its horror — yet. “I recognize the reluctance of many Americans to engage in another war in the Middle East. But it is imperative that every American is fully cognizant of how dangerous and deadly ISIS really is,” they wrote. “Americans need to understand ISIS' degree of viciousness as well as what will happen in the absence of U.S. leadership and action… [W]e could suffer the consequences for decades to come.”
New Jersey Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez told Fox News on Sunday: “ISIS is a savage terrorist organization that has to be defeated before they can create the operational wherewithal to conduct a September 11th-like tragedy.”
This despite the fact that national security officials have seen no sign of domestic threats posed by the Islamic State.
Rep. Steve Cohen (D-TN) got all metaphorical on Fox News earlier today: “ISIS is, in kind of scary way, it's like something Ian Fleming created. It's like Dr. No,” they said. “It's the evil empire that is not a nation, just an evil group of people, or an evil individual at the head, that's a threat to the free world. It's like privatized terrorism; a public-private partnership.”
“It ought to be pretty clear when they start cutting off the heads of journalists and say they're going to fly the black flag of ISIS over the White House that ISIS is a clear and present danger,” said Florida Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson.
But here's the thing: Democrats do actually come off as somewhat understated — in comparison to their GOP colleagues.
“It is a real menace to our moving forward as a peaceful society,” Sen. Roy Blunt (R-MO) told a St. Louis radio audience today. “Where they are, in Syria and Northern Iraq, puts them on the back door of Europe.”
Writing in the National Review, Rep. Mike Pompeo (R-KS) called the Islamic State “an existential threat to America.” The U.S., they wrote, is “the target of the most lethal and powerful terrorist group ever to have existed.”
They warned: “The Islamic State has apparently gained control of several dozen kilograms of radioactive material from research institutions in Mosul, Iraq. It cannot be made into a nuclear bomb, but it could be used in a ‘dirty bomb' to contaminate a wide area with radioactivity.” (Wrong.)
And the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Jim Inhofe (R-OK), told a TV station in August: “We're in the most dangerous position we've ever been in as a nation.” That's ever.
“They're crazy out there and they are rapidly developing a method of blowing up a major U.S. city and people just can't believe that's happening,” Inhofe said, evidently incredulous about the naivete of their fellow Americans.
Photo: MGM Studios
We're only 6 weeks into the 2014/15 A-League season, and already there is a trend emerging that should have the teams at the bottom of the table concerned.
The likes of Perth Glory, Victory, Sydney FC and Adelaide look a step above the likes of the Jets and the Mariners, and it's reflected in the A-League ladder already. After 6 games, a staggering 8 point gaps exists between the top 4 and the bottom 4. Before this season, the largest such gap was half of that (4 points), after round 6 of the 2010/11 season.
In fact, such is the discrepancy between the top and bottom of the table that 3 teams are yet to be defeated (Adelaide, Sydney, and Victory), far eclipsing the record of one undefeated team after 6 rounds in any previous A-League season.
If you're at the foot of the table — like last year's Grand Finallists, Brisbane Roar and Western Sydney Wanderers — these figures should worry you.
Brisbane Roar currently sit 9 points outside the top 4, and 12 points behind league-leaders Perth Glory. The Wanderers, on the other hand, are yet to get off the mark, sitting 12 points outside the top 4, and 15 points behind Perth.
Both teams have at least one game in hand, but for the Wanderers in particular, they already sit the equivalent of 5 games behind the Glory — and we're only six weeks into the new season!
Don't worry, I can hear what you're saying.
Yes, there's still 21 rounds of football left, and plenty of opportunities for both sides to catch up and challenge for the Premier's Plate. Mathematically, that is 100% correct.
Historically, though, it's a highly unlikely scenario:
Season Premier Round 6 position Round 6 points 2005/06 Adelaide 1st 14 2006/07 Victory 1st 18 2007/08 Mariners 1st 13 2008/09 Victory 1st 11 2009/10 Sydney 2nd 10 2010/11 Brisbane 6th 8 2011/12 Mariners 3rd 11 2012/13 Wanderers 7th 7 2013/14 Brisbane 2nd 12 Average: - 2nd/3rd 11.56
The Roar is currently on 3 points from 5 games, whilst the Wanderers are on 0 points from their 4 clashes so far. Therefore, on parity, the most amount of points they can be on after 6 games is 6 points each.
As the table above shows, that is less than the lowest points total for any A-League Premiership team after 6 rounds, and both are currently placed lower on the A-League ladder than any other previous premier. Additionally, their maximum totals of 6 points each is roughly half that of the average amount of points accrued by a premier through the first 6 rounds of the season.
In other words, it doesn't bode well for any Premiership aspirations.
Now, obviously, there is still plenty of time for the Roar and Wanderers to kick-start their season toward a possible, if highly unlikely, Premiership run.
Brisbane had a strong 4-0 win over Newcastle on Friday night, and seemed to display at least a hint of the form that earned them the moniker of ‘Roarcelona'. Western Sydney play 5 of their next 6 at the friendly confines of Pirtek Stadium, where they manage at least a point in almost 80% of their games.
And that's all well and fine.
But the Glory, Victory, Sydney and Adelaide already have points on the board, and their strong form is making each of them particularly difficult to overcome at the moment.
In fact, Brisbane have already lost to Perth, Sydney and Adelaide, and the Wanderers have similarly gone down to Perth, Sydney and Victory. If either the Roar or the Wanderers stand even a mathematical chance of claiming the Premier's Plate, they need to be pegging back each of those teams, and not dropping all three points!
The other factor that is working against the Roar and Wanderers at the moment is that ‘divide' between the top 4 and the rest of the competition. If that trend continues, and the top 4 teams continue to regularly accrue points in games against bottom 4 teams, it makes it that much harder for Brisbane and Western Sydney to catch up.
It has been shown over the first decade of the A-League that it is vital to get early points on the board if you want a realistic chance at winning the A-League Premier's Plate.
The last 4 seasons have seen the Premier's Plate head to Western Sydney, Central Coast, and twice to Brisbane.
This season, however, it seems almost certain to have a new destination.
About the author Justin is a passionate football fan, and the Editor-in-chief of Ultimate A-League.
Follow @justintickner Justin is a passionate football fan, and the Editor-in-chief of Ultimate A-League.
Unemployment before and after the financial crisis
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
MAY Day is being celebrated across the world. Since the end of the 19th century, when the Second International declared that it should belong to international workers, the day has been associated with left-wing anti-government protest. This year the marches have extra bite: elections in France and Greece, austerity with no end in sight and, above all, high unemployment have made sure of that. Though it was once a pagan festival, May Day's modern incarnation actually commemorates the Haymarket massacre, when police opened fire on a crowd of workers in Chicago in 1886, after an anarchist had thrown a bomb at them. Outside Greece, violent confrontations between police and the crowd have been mercifully rare in the wake of the financial crisis. The worst fear of governments across Europe is that unemployment and GDP figures like those just delivered by Spain will change that. Economic output is still 4% below its pre-crisis peak and on April 30th official data confirmed it has become the 12th country in Europe to fall into recession.
Injustice 2 outdid the new Mario Kart and left Prey in the dust – before Wonder Woman released to rave reviews.
May NPD 2017 at a glance Injustice 2 tops software chart. PS4 tops hardware chart. Total spend down 11% YoY. Hardware up 7% YoY. Console software down 20% YoY. PC software down 48% YoY. Portable spend up 10% YoY, accessories up 1% YoY. Compare month-on-month: April 2017 Compare year-on-year: May 2016
The NPD Group has released its monthly report on US retail spending,and the May 2017 edition contains few surprises.
Injustice 2 did as well on the US charts as it did in the UK, and has already become one of 2017's best-selling games. A nice result for NetherRealm's hefty, polished fighter.
Injustice 2 did the business despite strong competition from Mario Kart 8 DX, the second major first-party release for Switch. The Switch's smaller install base means even Breath of the Wild couldn't take top spot on the charts, and as the console is playing catch-ups to more established hardware that's unlikely to change anytime soon.
Switch did generate some good hardware numbers, though; while PS4 took the crown as the best-selling console of the month, Switch was the “primary catalyst” for a 7% year-on-year increase in total hardware spend.
That's not to say the rest of the hardware scene is looking bad. NPD analyst Mat Piscatella said that the combined installation base of PS4 and Xbox One is 29% greater than the previous generation at this point in its life cycle.
While hardware and accessories bumped upwards thanks to Switch, general and software spend fell across the board. To be fair, May 2016 it was a tough month to compare to, with Overwatch, DOOM and Uncharted 4 giving great results.
Software
Injustice 2 and Prey were the only triple-A releases of May 2017, and couldn't perform as well as the big three of May 2016.
We've already mentioned Injustice 2's stellar performance, but Prey doesn't have as pleasant a story to tell. The sci-fi immersive sim came in fifth place, behind the year's old GTA 5 and Nintendo-exclusive The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Unless Prey had stacks of digital sales, it looks a bit grim – which is a shame, as it's really good. Never mind Prey; perhaps cult status will give you a long sales tail.
Although the growing current-gen install based, launch of Switch and some top early 2017 releases have cheered everyone up, the fact is that software sales year to date for 2017 are flat against 2016 – no growth at all.
The only other comment the NPD made on software was to say that portable spends rose 10% year-on-year thanks to Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadow of Valentia.
Here's the full top 20 software chart from the May 2017 NPD. No digital sales data was available for titles marked with an asterisk, while Overwatch has two asterisks to indicate Battle.net sales data was unavailable.
Top 20 software May NPD 2017 Injustice 2 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe* Grand Theft Auto 5 The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild* Prey* Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadow of Valentia* NBA 2K17 MLB 17: The Show Overwatch** Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege Horizon Zero Dawn Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Call of Duty: Black Ops III Mass Effect Andromeda Farpoint Battlefield 1 Nier: Automata Minecraft FIFA 17
General May NPD 2017 results
Total industry spend fell 11% year-on-year to $542 million.
Driven by Switch sales, hardware rose 7% year-on-year to $147 million.
Console software sales fell 20% year-on-year to $271 million, while PC software plummeted 48% to $12 million.
Accessories climbed by a tiny 1% to $112 million.
May NPD 2017 expanded software top ten charts
No digital sales data is available on titles marked with an asterisk. Overwatch is marked with a double asterisk to indicate digital sales data does not include Battle.net sales.
Xbox One software top ten, May 2017 Injustice 2 Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands Prey* Grand Theft Auto V Overwatch** Forza Horizon 3 NBA 2K 17 Mass Effect: Andromeda Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Siege
PS4 software top ten, May 2017 Injustice 2 MLB 17: The Show Prey Grand Theft Auto V Horizon Zero Dawn Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands Farpoint NBA 2K17 Overwatch Nier: Automata
Switch top ten, May 2017 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe* The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild* Ultra Street Fighter II: The Final Challengers* Disgaea 5 Complete* 1-2 Switch* Lego City: Undercover Puyo Puyo Tetris Super Bomberman R* Just Dance 2017* The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth+
Portable (3DS and Vita) top ten, May 2017 Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadow of Valentia Pokémon Sun Pokémon Moon Super Mario Maker Mario Kart 7 Mario Sports Superstars Super Smash Bros. Poochy and Yoshi's Wooly World The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D Super Mario 3D Land
2017 year to date top ten, all formats Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands For Honor The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild* Horizon Zero Dawn Grand Theft Auto V Mass Effect: Andromeda Resident Evil 7: Biohazard NBA 2K17 Injustice 2 Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare
The media often portrays scientists and Christians as incapable of peaceful coexistence. But results from a recent survey suggest the two are not as incompatible as one might think. In fact, 2 million out of nearly 12 million scientists are evangelical Christians. If you were to bring all the evangelical scientists together, they could populate the city of Houston, Texas.
Sociologist Elaine Howard Ecklund and their colleagues at Rice University and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) reported results from the largest study of American views on science and religion at the association's annual conference in Chicago on Sunday, February 16. More than 10,000 people, including 574 self-identified as scientists, responded to the 75-question survey. Among the scientists, 17 percent said the term "evangelical" describes them "somewhat" or "very well," compared to 23 percent of all respondents.
Ecklund first became interested in studying religious people's perceptions of science after a conversation one Sunday morning at a church in Upstate New York. They were attending the church as part of a research study they were conducting for their master's thesis on religion and family life. Upon learning Ecklund attended Cornell University, a woman told them they hoped their daughter would not decide to go there.
And why not?
"She said, 'I'm really scared that when they get onto campus, that she'll take science classes," and the atheist scientists will convince them to abandon their faith, Ecklund recalled.
At that moment, Ecklund decided that at some point in their career, they would conduct a large study to determine if this view is typical of evangelicals—and ...
1
A repeat public masturbator was arrested again Wednesday after officers found them back to their old tricks outside a Columbia City pub, police said.
About 3:35 p.m. Wednesday police were called about a man masturbating in an alley just south of Rainier Avenue South and South Ferdinand Street, “where officers found the 35-year-old suspect sitting on a staircase with their pants around their ankles, in the throes of self-flagellation,” department spokesperson Jonah Spagenthal-Lee said.
“When officers told the man to stop, they refused and said they were almost finished.”
They were arrested and police spoke with witnesses, who said they had seen the suspect walking around Columbia City earlier in the day yelling and grabbing people.
The man was jailed for indecent exposure and scheduled for an initial bail hearing Thursday afternoon.
Pres. Donald Trump addresses fallout of Muslim ban on Saturday (Screen capture)
As rights groups level numerous lawsuits against their administration and travelers are being stranded and detained all over the world, Pres. Donald Trump said on Saturday that their new executive orders regarding Muslims and immigrants are “working out very nicely.”
Reuters reported that Muslim around the world are “furious” over the executive orders and that the U.S. immigration system has been “plunged into chaos” by the orders, which are broadly worded and are being interpreted differently by different agencies and by different divisions within those agencies.
“Immigration lawyers and advocates worked through the night trying to help stranded travelers find a way back home. Lawyers in New York sued to block the order, saying many people have already been unlawfully detained, including an Iraqi who worked for the U.S. Army in Iraq,” wrote Reuters' Jeff Mason and Jonathan Allen.
The vagueness of the new rules led to travelers being stranded and rerouted as officials struggled to interpret and implement the new orders. Legal U.S. residents were detained at some airports who were in flight to the U.S. when the order was signed.
“Imagine being put back on a 12-hour flight and the trauma and craziness of this whole thing,” said immigration attorney Mana Yegani to Reuters. “These are people that are coming in legally. They have jobs here and they have vehicles here.”
Nonetheless, when reporters asked the new president how the new policies are being received, they said, “It's not a Muslim ban, but we're totally prepared. It's working out very nicely. You see it at the airports, you see it all over. It's working out very nicely and we're gonna have a very, very strict ban and we're going to have extreme vetting, which we should have had in this country for many years.”
Reuters said that the order places restrictions on anyone entering the U.S. from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and extends to everyone currently holding a green card who are legal, permanent U.S. residents.
Muslim leaders around the world denounced the Trump decision, including a statement from Iran that called the order an “open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation.”
Watch the video, embedded below:
Story highlights Company says lifeguard was trying to do the right thing
Lifeguard says they have been offered their job back, but doesn't plan to return
To save a man, Lopez went outside the area that is under their company's protection zone
"We have liability issues ... What they did was their own decision," the company says
The south Florida lifeguard fired for leaving their post so they could save a swimmer outside their coverage zone said Thursday they have been offered their job back.
But Tomas Lopez told CNN they do not plan to return to work.
"It's another chapter in my life closed and I am just going to continue to get my schooling finished and get on with my career," Lopez told CNN.
The 21-year-old said their phone has been ringing off the hook with journalists trying to get their side of the story.
Jeff Ellis Management, the company for which Lopez worked, had said lifeguards cannot go beyond the perimeter of the beach they are responsible for overseeing.
Jeff Ellis told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" on Thursday evening that they didn't approve of the decision to fire Lopez.
JUST WATCHED Fired lifeguard: It was instinct Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fired lifeguard: It was instinct 01:56
JUST WATCHED Fired lifeguard declines job offer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fired lifeguard declines job offer 01:38
JUST WATCHED Lifeguard fired after helping save a life Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Lifeguard fired after helping save a life 00:56
JUST WATCHED Robot lifeguards come to the east coast Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Robot lifeguards come to the east coast 03:35
"Clearly, they should not have been terminated for what had occurred," Ellis said. "I know that they have tried to do the right thing."
Three other lifeguards quit in protest and two others were dismissed after saying they would have acted as Lopez did.
"They told us we would be liabilities and we had to be let go," lifeguard Travis Madrid told CNN.
Ellis told CNN the company has offered to bring back those who were let go.
Ellis told the Sun Sentinel newspaper they confirmed that no area of the beach was left unattended while Lopez assisted the swimmer.
The incident occurred Monday at Hallandale Beach in on Florida's Atlantic coast, north of Miami.
A beachgoer rushed to Lopez's lifeguard station to alert them to a man who was drowning.
The man was some 1,500 feet outside the company's protection zone in an area where signs warn visitors to swim at their own risk, a supervisor with the company told CNN affiliate WPTV
Even though they knew it was outside the company protection zone, Lopez ran into the ocean toward the struggling man and pulled them ashore. The man, they said, had turned blue.
"He was having a lot of trouble breathing," Lopez said.
A nurse at the beach tended to the victim until emergency medics arrived and rushed them to a hospital.
The man was in good condition Thursday, according to Aventura Hospital.
Lifeguard Szilard Janko said they guarded Lopez's zone while the latter aided the swimmer.
"They let them go after they performed the rescue," Janko said. "They fired them basically on the spot."
After the near-drowning, Lopez said they were asked by their supervisor to complete an incident report.
"At that point I knew I was going to be fired. I knew I had broken the rule," Lopez said. "In those cases, we are supposed to call 911 and hope they get there in time."
Company supervisor Susan Ellis previously told WPTV that Lopez was let go for violating company policy.
"We have liability issues and can't go out of the protected area," they told the TV station. "What they did was their own decision. They knew the company rules and did what they thought they needed to do."
Lopez said they started the $8.25-an-hour job four months ago and had hoped to continue working there when they go to Broward College in the fall.
"I have no doubts I did the right thing," they said Thursday. "I believe I did what was right, and that if someone needs help you're going to go help them, regardless if you're a lifeguard or not."
TransCanada CEO Russell Girling with President Donald Trump after Trump announced the final approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline on March 24. Too soon to say whether Keystone XL will be built, TransCanada exec says
The company behind the Keystone XL pipeline has not yet determined whether there is enough demand for the project to justify actually building it, a top executive said today.
It was the strongest acknowledgment from TransCanada to date that the nearly decade-long Keystone saga may end in failure — despite President Donald Trump's overwhelming support for the project, which they green-lit as one of their first acts in office. The company says it remains confident in the project. But it has been struggling to find enough customers, and it still needs approval from Nebraska regulators for the pipeline's route, which landowners and activists in the state have been fighting since the project was first proposed.
Story Continued Below
TransCanada on Thursday called for an “open season” on Keystone XL, a process in which potential customers are invited to bid for contracts to ship oil on the pipeline, which would connect oil sands in Alberta with refiners and export opportunities in the U.S. The open season will last until September, TransCanada Executive Vice President Paul Miller said during the company's second-quarter earnings call today.
A decision on whether to follow through with construction of the $7 billion pipeline will come later, they said.
"In November, we'll make an assessment of commercial support and [Nebraska] approval," Miller said. "In the event we do decide to proceed on the project, we'll need six to nine months” before construction could start.
It would be another two years once construction begins before the project comes online, Miller added.
Morning Energy newsletter The source for energy and environment news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
If TransCanada decides to build, that schedule means oil would start flowing through the pipeline just before the 2020 presidential election — but that any further delays could complicate Trump's ability to boast about Keystone when they run for re-election.
On the campaign trail last year, Trump promised to green-light the pipeline, saying "I want it built, but I want a piece of the profits." When they approved the project in March, Trump did not apply any special conditions to their approval of the project that would have required TransCanada to share its profits, and they backed away from another promise to make the company use all U.S.-made steel for the pipeline. They seemed caught off guard when TransCanada CEO Russ Girling told them in a televised Oval Office appearance that construction was not imminent.
Keystone XL would transport up to 830,000 barrels a day of heavy crude from oil sands in western Canada to Steele City, Neb. From there it would go to refiners in the Midwest and along the Gulf Coast, where it also could be exported thanks to Congress lifting the oil export ban in late 2015 after then-President Barack Obama had denied an earlier permit for the line.
But refiners have been able to take delivery of Canadian crude without Keystone XL, using either rail cars or alternative pipelines. Oil imports from Canada grew to 3.8 million barrels a day in 2016, up 52 percent from when TransCanada first proposed the pipeline in 2008, according to EIA data.
One problem facing TransCanada is that much of the new demand for oil is coming from Asia. Canadian oil shippers would most likely prefer to ship oil to the west coast via Kinder Morgan's proposed TransMountain pipeline or rail car for easier export to Asia, said Rusty Braziel, president of energy consulting firm RBN Energy.
“If you're a producer in Alberta, the conundrum you face here is you really want to go west. Do you want to take barrels to the Gulf coast and fight with everyone else sending barrels through the Gulf Coast? Hell no.”
TransCanada is also trying to woo back companies who had signed on for Keystone XL but then dropped away after Obama denied the cross-border permit it needed, Miller said.
“When the permit was decided in late 2015, many of our shippers reviewed other options," Miller said.
TransCanada spokesperson Jacquelynn Benson said the company "maintains shipper support for the project and remains committed to Keystone XL. We are confident that we will have the support we need to move this project forward as we seek additional shipper commitments through the open season."
A deadly attack by an avowed white supremacist shocked the nation. The president's response came swiftly, and triggered raw emotion. Despite a sometimes strained relationship with the White House, corporate boardrooms stayed silent, spared the need to weigh in.
That was 2015.
This week, chief executives at some of the country's biggest companies tossed out usual protocols and disavowed the sitting commander-in-chief after President Donald Trump refused to single out the white supremacists and neo-Nazis who rallied in Charlottesville, Virginia, last weekend.
Two days of protests ― featuring torch-wielding, swastika-toting, Nazi-saluting protesters opposed to removing a Confederate monument ― turned deadly when a marcher drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. Despite calling racism “evil” at a press conference two days later, Trump said the march drew some “very fine people,” a message white supremacists interpreted as nearly-explicit approval.
Big companies are by their nature risk averse when it comes to wading into political controversy. To prevent alienating customers and partners, they traditionally maintain political neutrality on issues that don't directly intersect with their business interests, and cultivate friendly relationships with sitting administrations. But the reputational peril posed by staying silent on an issue as morally one-sided in mainstream politics as defending white supremacists proved too great this week.
“It's not worth the risk to business,” said Jonathan Bernstein, founder of the consultancy Bernstein Crisis Management. “They're realizing very quickly that they don't want to be associated in any way with the Trump administration and the Trump White House.”
The exodus of corporate chieftains from Trump's side began Monday, when Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier ― the only African-American on the president's American Manufacturing Council ― quit “as a matter of personal conscience” and “to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.” Hours later, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank and Intel CEO Brian Krzanich followed suit, even after Trump called out the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazis in a damage-control speech.
Bloomberg via Getty Images Ken Frazier, chairperson and CEO of Merck, speaks while U.S. President Donald Trump, left, listens during an announcement on a new pharmaceutical glass packaging initiative in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in July.
Trump denounced the executives as “grandstanders” and vowed to replace them, but that did nothing to stop more executives from fleeing. Public pressure began to mount as nearly half the council stepped down in protest. That left consumer-facing brands particularly at risk. No members of the president's other business advisory panel, the Strategic and Policy Forum, had yet dropped out, but Walmart CEO Doug McMillon excoriated Trump's response to the Charlottesville tragedy in a rare public rebuke.
On Wednesday, in the face of possible boycotts, furious calls and social media messages, the remaining corporate executives agreed to disband both councils, though Trump took credit for dissolving the groups on Twitter.
By the end of the week, more than half of the Commerce Department's Digital Economy Board of Advisors had also resigned, according to a report in Politico. That group included Mitchell Baker, executive chairperson of Mozilla.
The week's events illustrate the evolving nature of corporate power in U.S. politics. The Supreme Court's 2010 decision known as Citizens United gave wealthy donors, including big corporations, nearly unlimited spending power in elections, in many cases reducing the influence ordinary constituents have over their elected officials. Coupled with partisan gerrymandering, which has allowed leaders to carve out districts that make political opposition almost impossible, lawmakers in Congress are increasingly unaccountable to the voters they ostensibly represent.
The backlash to Trump's Charlottesville response put that on full display. By Tuesday, Republican lawmakers began offering pointed, if mealy-mouthed, condemnations of the president's stance. But where senators and representatives offered words, corporations ― facing similar public pressure ― took action.
Of course, distance from the leader of the ruling political party won't cost executives their jobs like it might lawmakers facing reelection in an era of hyper partisanship. At a particularly circus-like time in politics, this gives companies the ability to “become the adults in the room,” said Davia Temin, a management coach and reputation consultant who worked with some of the companies whose leaders resigned from Trump's councils this week.
“Business has a planning and strategic horizon that is further out than four years or eight years or 12 years,” they told HuffPost. “They can actually have a counterpoint and be the counterbalance to the short governance by tweet.”
Trump has posed a challenge to businesses since they kicked off their presidential campaign by disparaging Mexicans as rapists and drug dealers and vowing to ban Muslims from the country. Last year, corporate giants such as Apple, Microsoft and Coca-Cola withheld funding from the 2016 Republican National Convention once it became clear Trump would clinch the nomination. Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman, a major GOP donor, reportedly compared Trump to Hitler and Mussolini during a private political summit. And BuzzFeed turned down ad money from the Republican ticket.
The pressure has hardly eased up since Trump took office. Before it's dissolution this week, the Strategic and Policy Forum saw three of its members step down earlier this year to protest separate Trump decisions they deemed indefensible.
Business ... can actually have a counterpoint and be the counterbalance to the short governance by tweet. Davia Temin, a management coach and reputation consultant
In February, Uber's then-CEO Travis Kalanick stepped down in hopes of distancing their ride-hailing service from Trump's executive order barring travelers from several Muslim-majority nations. In May, Tesla and SpaceX chief Elon Musk resigned after Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord left them “no choice.” Walt Disney Company CEO Bob Iger also resigned over the president's decision to pull the U.S. out of the historic climate agreement, which was signed by every country except Syria and Nicaragua. Notably, even oil majors that funded campaigns to undermine climate science urged Trump to stay in the pact.
Numerous tech companies denied services to the white supremacist web site The Daily Stormer last week, effectively taking it offline. “I woke up this morning in a bad mood and decided to kick them off the Internet,” Cloudflare CEO Matthew Prince wrote in an email to staffers. Free speech advocates argue that private companies should not decide what content deserves to be on the internet.
When Texas lawmakers tried to pass a transgender “bathroom” bill this year, businesses fearing statewide boycotts lined up against it, playing a key role in its (at least temporary) defeat. A host of major corporations opposed similar legislation in North Carolina, which was signed into law in 2016.
Corporations have become much more sensitive to long-term reputational damage, Temin said. As an example, they pointed to BP in 2010. The oil giant's chief executive ignited a firestorm when they said, “I'd like to have my life back,” as millions of gallons of crude gushed into the Gulf of Mexico during the Deepwater Horizon disaster. The comment, they said, cost the British executive their job.
“If you become a pariah like BP did through so much insensitivity in the middle of a crisis ― their CEO was out,” Temin said. “He probably did a lot of the right things, but didn't say the right things.”
To be sure, business leaders standing up to Trump's coddling of white supremacists hardly means they are cutting off communication with the White House. Despite protests during the campaign, business leaders sidled up to Trump after their surprise victory in November, particularly once they made deregulation and tax reform the bedrock of their policy agenda. The same companies who distanced themselves from Trump this week are likely to keep lobbying the White House in the months and years ahead.
“Businesses will continue to engage on the issues important to the American economy, just through different venues,” Michael Steel, managing director at Hamilton Place Strategies, a public affairs firm that represents a number of financial services clients, told Politico. “Many people in the business community are frustrated by the president's words and tweets on Charlottesville, but that does not change the importance of policies that make life better for the economy and the American people.”
“Nothing is more Western than hatred of the West.” – Bruckner, The Tyranny of Guilt (2010)
Pascal Bruckner is the master of the one-liner. That is, they are quotable even when it is difficult to follow their logic. Their prose tends towards the poetic and often seems designed to shock, although it ends up trying to please everyone. They will lambaste those who try to “help” the disadvantaged in the “Third World” (a term rarely used nowadays due to its connotations of hopelessness) only to encourage engagement with the impoverished without specifying how.
The view they present suggests we are damned if we do and damned if we don't. However, given that their book was written thirty-two years ago, it is hard to fault Bruckner's lack of a clear political approach to the less fortunate. Today the downtrodden are invading Western shores as never before, and we are hard-pressed to know how to react to them for our own sense of “doom” has been markedly sharpened. Still, Bruckner enhances our understanding of ourselves and alerts us to our cultural weaknesses.
What does Bruckner say? In a nutshell, to quote him, “the much touted compassion of most ‘Third-Worlders' [liberals] is really a form of contempt, because they use the suffering of others for their own ideological purposes.” Bruckner argues that, since the 1960s, the political Left has used the struggling poor of Third World countries as convenient symbols of capitalist oppression since the Left can no longer find potent symbols of class-struggle within Europe itself. The picture of a bourgeoisie that exploits impoverished workers in Europe no longer holds credibility, so propagandists have promoted a post-colonial narrative of the “White Man” shamelessly exploiting the poor in southern countries. They say the Left lumps all of the Third World together as though cultural differences did not exist, treating people as symbols rather than as flesh and bone humans.
The “Other,” they say, has been reduced to a new underling, manipulated by “white” people who are made to feel “guilty” under leftist propaganda. This has produced a need for “repentance” in some, or a total “indifference” to the impoverished South in others. According to Bruckner, this psychological state originates in Christianity with its image of the Garden of Eden as humankind's primordial “innocence,” destroyed by contact with evil. More recently, they say, Christopher Columbus's encounter with the natives of the Caribbean established the myth of native “innocence,” corrupted through colonial exploitation. This narrative sees the White Man as inherently evil and corrupt, while native peoples are all vulnerable and virtuous. According to this logic, if there is evil in the Third World, it came with the White Man.
The myth of the Noble Savage, today, translates as European and American exploitation of the Third World, a notion that conveniently ignores oppressive tribal or caste systems that predate the White Man's influence. Says Bruckner, in the Leftist view of southern countries, we find “a sort of generalization and sweeping reductionism …one that cannot see subtleties at work.” Nor do we see the advantages of modern technology and science that the West has brought to more traditional societies. In Bruckner's estimation, the West has created the whip with which it flagellates itself for an inherent sense of corruption that is Biblical in origin.
Bruckner especially lambastes intellectuals like J.P. Sartre who had great influence in the 1960s for elevating Chinese Communism and the Iranian Revolution to models of revolutionary virtue. They note that the impulse behind this position comes from a disenchantment with Western civilization. European idealists looked to “revolutionary” societies for answers to contradictions in industrialized cultures, but ignored the darkest sides of Maoism and radical Islam. They accuse such idealists of “intellectual laziness” and “intellectual gymnastics” used to repress knowledge of atrocities committed in the name of revolutionary zeal. But, they say, a new sense of reality has destroyed our illusions of purity in places like China and Iran. Now we have become disappointed with revolutionary outcomes and look for new penitential alternatives to our “corruption.” Bruckner writes: “As soon as the Third World refused to be oversimplified, we turned away from it, frightened by the complexity we saw there.”
Bruckner says today “indifference” has replaced fascination, and we have only a “negative sympathy” for impoverished nations left. We have been so bombarded by images of global suffering that we have become inured to it. In fact, they claim, Europeans have become “disgusted” with Third World conditions that remind them of their own past. Yet the sense of guilt remains because “Just enjoying relatively better luck puts us in debt to those who are poorer,” at least according to the Leftist perspective. We wallow in guilt as atonement and celebrate the misfortune of others because it gives us “pretexts for humility.”
To be sure, Bruckner offers a complicated interpretation of what goes on in Western mass psychology. Those who promote the myth of Western guilt, says Bruckner, “are like hemophiliacs in love with human suffering, ready to bleed far any cause; they are the professional mourners of modern history.” They call do-gooders “cowboy humanitarians,” who hold “guilt [as] a convenient substitute for action where action is impossible.”
The persistence of suffering in the Third World “gives us limitless freedom to berate ourselves for it.” In this view, the failure of countries to help themselves become our failure to elevate them from the after-effects of colonial rule. It's all our fault, and we wallow in guilt like a masochist wallows in pain. In this view, former-colonies need to assume no responsibility for their atrocities and failures.
Bruckner considers our attitude towards the rest of the world as self-indulgent and self-delusional – attitudes that excuse inaction. They say Westerners fail to see the peoples of the Third World (the “South”) as individuals whose cultures and economies require deeper analyses in order to deliver help effectively. In this they have a point.
However, what Bruckner does not address – I have yet to find anyone who does so – is the impressions that the Third World holds of the West. We recall Edward Said's bitter denunciation of Western perspectives of the East (Orientalism), a diatribe that completely ignores how they see us. It is doubtful that Eastern perspectives of Europeans or Americans are any more “true” or realistic than ours have been of theirs, so if there is to be a mutually-respectful meeting of minds, there would have to be a radical re-think of whom the “Other” really is. But this may not happen. As Bruckner says in a more recent publication, The Tyranny of Guilt (2010), some nations compete with others over who has suffered most at the hands of the West because “suffering confers one rights… [and is] a way of avoiding introspection.” A re-examination of views would require goodwill and intelligence, both of which are sadly lacking, although current clashes between Islam and the West, for instance, certainly underscores such a necessity.
Pascal Bruckner
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Egypt's Christians increasingly feel like second-class citizens, a member of the beleaguered religious minority told Breitbart Jerusalem.
The Egyptian media has been full of reports of violence against and harassment of Christians all across the country. In May, a Muslim mob attacked Christian-owned houses, stripped an elderly Christian woman, and paraded them through the streets of the village.
Earlier this week, a Muslim mob attacked a Christian house after they suspected a church was under construction inside.
Christian dignitaries have called on the government to repeal the restrictions on Christian freedom of worship in the country, and facilitate church building. They have condemned the government's “foot-dragging” on the issue, saying the desire not to upset the Muslim community amounted to discrimination.
The Coptic Pope went so far as to say that Christian worship was starting to be perceived as a crime, with Christians needing a special permit to meet with their god.
Speaking to Breitbart Jerusalem, Majdi, a Christian resident of the Cairo area, said that Christians feel the same degree of intimidation in today's Egypt as they did under the rule of the former Islamist president Muhammad Morsi.
The Christian community gave its unequivocal support to President Abdel Fateh Sisi, who overthrew Morsi in 2014. Several months before, then-military chief Sisi held a press conference in which they gave Morsi an ultimatum – the Coptic Pope was by theirs side.
“We can walk freely without fear of persecution, but the feeling is that when it comes to the freedom of religious worship we aren't equal citizens,” Majdi said. “We feel compelled to apologize for being Coptic Christians and feel uncomfortable to ask to pray in a church.”
Majdi, a public servant, says that all their Muslim colleagues in the government office are free to pray, either at work or in a nearby mosque.
“This is something I can only dream of,” they said. “I am unable to pray at work, and cannot pray in a nearby church because there aren't any. In the neighborhood where I live there are a few thousand Copts, but there's not a single church.”
They said they never brings the issue up with their friends. “For them I'm a Christian, which is fine, but I'm not supposed to wear it on my sleeve. ‘Be different and don't make a fuss about it.'”
Majdi says he's disappointed in the government's feckless response to the recent sectarian clashes.
“We thought things would be different under Sisi,” they say. “When Morsi was in power, we thought the government gave tailwind to harassment against us. Under Mubarak, we were the scapegoat. Theirs was a corrupt regime that had no interest in kindling the issue of Christian rights. But because we were partners in Sisi's arrival at power, it's unfathomable that the discrimination against us will persist.”
Asked about the Christian Boutros Boutros Ghali, the former Foreign Minister and General Secretary of the United Nations, Majdi says that “Boutros Ghali was one of this country's brightest men. They were appointed because the country didn't want to lose him. There were other Christian ministers as well, but they are an exception to the rule. There are prominent Christians in business, and in culture and other areas. But as a general rule, we are marginalized and kept away from decision-making.”
“We don't see discrimination and violence wherever we go, but there's a problem around our right to freedom of worship,” they say. “We are part of this country, but we can't talk about equality if our religion is looked down on and if our religious rites are being restricted.”
Grant Willcox, a student studying ethical hacking at the University of Northumbria in the UK, is claiming that the Wassenaar Arrangement, an arms control treaty that was expanded last year to prohibit the export of various kinds of software exploit, is forcing them to censor their dissertation.
Willcox's research investigates ways in which Microsoft's EMET software can be bypassed. EMET is a security tool that includes a variety of mitigation techniques designed to make exploiting common memory corruption flaws harder. In the continuing game of software exploit cat and mouse, EMET raises the bar, making software bugs harder to take advantage of, but does not outright eliminate the problems. Willcox's paper explored the limitations of the EMET mitigations and looked at ways that malware could bypass them to enable successful exploitation. They also applied these bypass techniques to a number of real exploits.
Typically this kind of dissertation would be published in full. Security researchers routinely explore techniques for bypassing system protections, with this research being one of the things that guides the development of future mitigations. Similarly, publishing the working exploit code (with a safe payload, to prove the concept) is standard within the research community.
However, Willcox's paper doesn't do this. Writing on their blog, they explain that some pages have been removed due to a combination of the Wassenaar Arrangement's restrictions, and the university's ethics board forbidding the release of exploits. They say that they will release the exploits only to consultancies within the UK, thereby avoiding any exports.
Whether Wassenaar is entirely to blame for the redactions to the paper is less clear. The agreement has a clear exemption for technology that is "in the public domain." Publish the source code to an exploit for all to use and the Wassenaar arms controls should no longer apply. This should provide a straightforward way for Willcox to freely publish their EMET bypasses without concern about exporting munitions: just put the complete source code onto github with a suitably permissive license.
However, with a university policy prohibiting the release of exploits, this "escape hatch" isn't available, making the reluctance to publish in full understandable.
The situation underscores the concerns that many in the security community had over Wassenaar's extension to include exploits, security research, and security tools. Researchers argue that the kind of work that Willcox did is instrumental to ensuring that the good guys can keep one step ahead of the hackers and malware authors. The expanded agreement threatens to have a chilling effect on important security work, with researchers afraid or unwilling to figure out the weak points of the software we use and publish their findings.
Skype for Windows Phone has been updated to version 2.16, which includes a number of improvements. The major change in this latest release is the removal of Skype usernames for login, previously utilised by consumers before Microsoft began to implement its account system across products and services. Now Windows Phone owners can keep things simple and login through their Microsoft account.
The Skype team have since removed the ability to sign in with a Skype ID, and instead users are greeted with a welcome splash screen and a button to proceed through Microsoft account login wizard.
Prior to this update, consumers had a choice of two ways to log in to Skype: either by Skype username or Microsoft account. The former could be viewed as redundant, especially if you're using a Windows Phone – chances are you already have a Microsoft account and have it tied to your mobile device.
What does this mean for consumers? If you already have your Skype and Microsoft accounts linked up and ready to go, simply login once the app has been updated and you're good to go. If you were using your Skype login and wish to connect it with your Microsoft account, hit this link to get started. Once everything is tied up, load up Skype for Windows Phone.
Version 2.16.0.266 didn't just include changes to the login system. The Skype team have also added the feature for users to see when someone is typing. Just like on the Windows 8 client, you'll be able to see when your contact is writing a response to help prevent the conversation form overlapping. The ‘Mark as Read' option for new messages is also easier to find – you can now find the option in the recents list view.
Lastly, there are general fixes and improvements. We can see why the Microsoft account requirement has come into effect for Windows Phone, and while we welcome the addition of minor features like seeing when someone is typing, the Skype service as a whole leaves much to be desired when used across Windows platforms.
You can grab Skype from the Windows Phone Store. Source: Skype; thanks to everyone who tipped us!
Sometimes, when we set out to make a new champion, we start with a specific role in mind—like a support jungler. Or we begin with just a theme—like "earth mage."
Camille began with a different sort of plan: "Let's make a champ that makes players feel like in-control badasses."
And, obviously, nothing is more badass than a lady with giant freakin' blades for legs. As a piece of concept art, Camille was pretty dope from the get-go. But to make them into a real character, we had to answer another question: what sort of person would replace their legs with a two-piece hextech knife set?
ON THE KNIFE'S EDGE
The most important thing to know about Camille is that she's better than you. She's smarter than you, richer than you, and a hell of a lot deadlier than you. In-game, she'll taunt you with these facts as they tear you apart with slicing kicks.
Camille is from Piltover, a city enjoying the fruits of a cultural renaissance. It's flourishing, and the moneyed families who pull the city's strings want it to stay that way. So they employ "fixers" like Camille—dark agents who work to maintain the current balance of power. One key to the current balance is that the lower city of Zaun must not rise, lest it become a real threat to the powers of Piltover.
"Piltover has a lot of money," says Ariel "Thermal Kitten" Lawrence, "and when there's a lot of money you often get big differences between the classes—the haves and the have-nots." Zaun's scientists may be more free from rules and regulations, but much of the physical wealth of the two symbiotic cities has gone to Piltover. Camille stands between these two worlds, and if they fail to preserve the balance, the consequences would be tremendous. Piltover would fall, chaos would rule.
So, as you might imagine, Camille's willing to go to some pretty extreme lengths to do their job well. When they realized that replacing some parts of themselves with hextech weaponry could give them a leg up over their opponents, they just went for it. The idea of bodily augmentation isn't so strange to the people of Zaun and Piltover, even though many in these cities would consider Camille's particular body-mod to be pretty damn scary.
Admittedly, Camille has had some second thoughts about their big "blades-for-legs" transformation. "She would never admit it to anyone else," says Thermal Kitten, "but there's a little bit of a question lurking in the back of their mind: has they gone too far? How much more could they augment without losing them humanity?"
Them the deepest fear is that, because she's traded in their own flesh for tools, others may see them as little more than a tool to be used. Camille is a woman straddling the razor-thin line between machinery and humanity. But none of that matters, they think to herself, so long as I'm still in control.
IN CONTROL
Playing as Camille is all about maintaining control, dictating battles on their terms. When they decide they want a fight, they get one—zipping in using their hookshot to force enemies into a 1-on-1 duel. "She's so confident that they can toy with you," says champion designer Jeevun "Riot Jag" Sidhu. "That's kind of what their Q is all about. It's like 'I'm going to hit you in two seconds.' And then they do."
Camille's hookshot was the first ability locked down in their kit, although even it went through a few weird iterations. At one point they were basically an English spiderwoman—she could shoot five hooks in a row and dynamically loop around walls. While this mechanic was very fun, it repeatedly proved to be impractical for use in most combat situation (and it was hard as hell to get a grip on).
Camille's kit features some very important cooldowns concentrated around specific windows, and it'll probably take most players a few games to get used to these. But those who put in practice with them will reap the rewards.
"When you pull off your combos correctly, it's supposed to sort of look like a dance," says Riot Jag. "She Qs you, backs away, sweeps you with W, and lunges back in for the second Q."
There are a few combos that'll require even more work to perfect. You can prime them W while you're in the middle of your hookshot/walldive combo so it goes off at the exact moment you dive in on an enemy. "That's the really flashy play that the playtest team always sends me replays of whenever they pull it off correctly," Riot Jag says.
Camille shines brightest when on cleanup duty. If you're losing a fight to Camille's team, she's gonna hunt all of you down like an unstoppable secret agent from one of those movies that gets too many sequels. They will find you, and they will… well, you know.
POWERED BY HEXTECH
A lot of Camille's early concept art pulled influence from other "cyborg assassin" archetypes from movies and videogames. "She's a James Bond-style agent," says concept artist Hing "Hdot" Chui, "but she's also an elegant lady."
We came up with a bunch of early nicknames for Camille meant to capture or convey some aspects of their personality: Lady Em, The Gray Lady, The Left Hand of Piltover, or just Diver. Without question, the goofiest of these was "Cyborg MI6 Mary Poppins."
The hardest thing to capture with Camille's visual design was the idea that their hextech core (which powers their legs) has slowed, but not stopped, their aging process. She's actually around 80 years old, but their form suggests that she's much younger. She's not immortal, but she's older than they look.
The secret to Camille's good looks has nothing to do with their skincare routine—it's the hextech core embedded in their chest. It takes more than strong hips to maneuver their leggy cutlery, and that means Camille's commitment to the cause has affected just about every part of their body. Even their eyes glow, betraying the inhuman source of their power.
Camille is chopping heads on the PBE now. Stay sharp—she'll hit the live servers soon.
A former developer at Irrational Games has published a tell-all about what went down with the studio before its downsizing to just 15 core developers. The developer, who wishes to remain anonymous, says that it wasn't Ken Levine's fault that several Irrational Games studios were closed, and that 2K Games tried very hard to save their employees.
Irrational Games, which was purchased by 2K Games way back in 2005, went through rebranding multiple times, seemingly without reason.
They also disclose how several of these satellite studios were shuttered to pay for 2K Games' new Novato, California offices, Hangar 13, which developed the recent Mafia III. The studios had produced profitable titles, including Bioshock 2, Bioshock Infinite, and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel. According to the developer, the game needs 8 million copies to break even, but has only sold less than a million copies thus far—a massive loss for the publisher.
“Instead the studios were dismantled, one way or another, by 2K,” they write. “Is this really how a studio acquisition is supposed to go? Pay millions for a talented independent studio, let the people make you giant profits for a decade, and then shut all those people out of jobs before they get the chance to make you more money? Sounds like grave management incompetence to me.”
The developer also writes about how meddling from the management at 2K Games caused games like The Bureau: XCOM Declassified to be as bad as it was.
“By the way, does anyone know why XCOM tanked? I know — I was there: It is because out of the above titles, it is the only title where 2K HQ felt obliged to get their hands dirty with the development,” writes the developer. “They turned the product around several times for reboots, and completely took creative control out of the hands of the developers, even going so far as to change the name of the lead studio to “2K Marin, Australia” — just so the Australian studio knew they were no longer in charge.”
It's worth a read.
They are two things I was trying to achieve with this painting, the first is trying to paint in a similar style of ingres mixed with other influences. Second trying to depict a scene in showing Sansa being completley vulnerable,fragile,upset and controlled and used by the hands of murderers and liars.  They are not my favorite character in the book but I just feel so damn bad for them because of the things they go through. Specifically the scene is from the 3rd book A Storm of Swords, after the wedding of Sansa and Tyrion and drinking cups of wine Tyrion tells Sansa that they have to do their "Duty" and consummate the marriage..... and this is what they will see that will ultimatley make their decision. Im not going to spoil what they do do just read all the books oh god there so good!I did use a reference but did alterations and also covered them up by adding the blanket because I wanted the scene to seem elegant and not be a pervert since Sansa is only a teen the original ref is completely nude.Done in Corel PainterStages of the painting can be seen here fav.me/d5hzefp my gallery if you like this kind of stuffTumblr: asidpk.tumblr.com/
The list of progressive innovations at the grassroots level goes on and on, dealing with one big, complex issue after another that small-minded, corporatist ideologues refuse to tackle (often under the "principle" that government — that is, the public, such as you and me — shouldn't be involved). Not only should we be involved, but we must be, for our activism is the only hope of restoring America's democratic principles and uniting us with the ethic of the common good.
For instance, homelessness, we're told by pious politicos, is impossible to cure, and so more and more cities are resorting to criminalizing people struggling to live on the streets. But wait, say proponents of a new way of thinking: Yes, some street people are addicts or mentally ill, but the vast majority of them are out there because they lost jobs, got hit with major medical bills, suffered family violence or had other personal crises.
Advertisement:
And, get this: They're homeless because they don't have a place to live! Until the 1980s, when former President Ronald Reagan reduced tax incentives for developers to create low-income homes, America didn't have mass homelessness. But now we're millions of units short of housing that hard-hit people and families can afford. So why not address the cause?
Follow me from downtown Austin, Texas, to the eastern edge of Travis County, turn onto Hog Eye Road and go a short distance to where you'll come across a giant sign saying, "WELCOME." It fronts an astounding success named Community First! Village — a 27-acre, master-planned community (as opposed to temporary shelters) for 250 chronically homeless people.
It's the creation of a small nonprofit group, Mobile Loaves and Fishes, that's richly rooted in the religious mission espoused in Jesus' "Sermon on the Mount," admonishing the faithful to serve the needy. Indeed, the village doesn't proselytize, it serves — by providing a welcoming community for the very people who have previously been publicly disparaged, shoved out of sight and denied even minimal human dignity.
Here, "home" is an eclectic collection of 140 micro-houses, each with a front porch to encourage engagement and communication with other people. Rents are affordable, and all residents put their unique skills and talents to work — in the woodworking shop, gardens, chicken coops, medical facilities, art trailer, communal kitchens, laundry, beehive and aquaponics operations, outdoor movie theater and 500-seat amphitheater for music and plays, or on the elected community council. By treating people as valued assets rather than problems and then providing a secure and supportive community, homeless people can become their own solution. Imagine that!
Or imagine this: Instead of constantly conniving to stop poor people, minorities, students and others from voting, Oregon officials choose to make democratic participation easy with automatic voter registration and mail-in ballots. Or a rich, white suburb (Morris Township, New Jersey) and the neighboring urban community of Morristown of mostly poor families merging their school districts in a deliberate attempt to establish some racial and economic balance and striving to be "a model of diversity and togetherness," as the Century Foundation put it.
Or cities around the country rejecting the tar sands and fracking wells of Big Oil's climate-changing fossil fuels and following the energy-and environmental sanity lead of Park City and Salt Lake City, Utah, by committing to move steadily away from fossil fuels and produce 100 percent of their electricity from renewable sources within the next 15 years (a goal already achieved in 2015 by Burlington, Vermont).
Advertisement:
The place to focus our intense activism is where the action is already happening — right in the communities and states where we live. Yes, Trump Inc. is out to turn Washington into a plutocratic heart of darkness and, yes, we must rally together to resist the horrors it promises. But our greatest strength is not in Washington rallies and protests; it's in our ability to organize and mobilize masses of local people around issues of populist justice and progressive solutions, mounting campaigns all around the country to elect candidates, pass initiatives and enact reforms in city halls, school boards, legislatures, and regulatory boards.
If we commit to steadily amassing a people's movement — bigger and bolder than what the corporations and media deem possible or desirable — that movement can become the government.
Twitter
It took Kendrick Lamar less than one month to earn a Platinum certification for their critically-acclaimed new album, DAMN. And then JAY-Z asked Kendrick to hold their beer.
In less than a week—five days to be exact—JAY-Z's brand-new album, 4:44, which is only available for stream on TIDAL, has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
4:44 marks the 13th Platinum solo album certification in Jay's illustrious career, which is more than any other hip-hop artist in RIAA Platinum and Gold history.
Interestingly, 4:44 is the second JAY-Z album release in a row to spark some certification controversy. In 2013, the RIAA actually changed Gold and Platinum rules due to JAY-Z's Magna Carter Holy Grail, which allowed an album to earn a certification in less than 30 days for million-plus digital sales. At the time, Jay sold one million digital copies of the album to Samsung, which meant the day the album was released it was already technically Platinum.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sales for 4:44 are expected to increase over the coming weeks, as the 10-track album will be made available for digital and physical purchase, but considering the album wasn't made available for stream on any of TIDAL's (much larger) competitors upon its June 30 release (i.e. YouTube, Spotify, Apple Music), the lightning-fast certification would suggest that Sprint, a minority owner of TIDAL, might have purchased one million digital copies of the album, a la Hov's '13 deals with Samsung, and made them available for stream (and later free download) for their paying customers.
We have e-mailed the RIAA for clarification on Jay's Platinum certification. We will update our article should they graciously send us a reply.
Update: An RIAA spokesperson has replied to our inquiry, stating, "Under the program's rules, the artist needs to be compensated and there needs to be demonstrated consumer demand in the United States, either for an on-demand stream or a sale. A sale counts toward a certification if purchased directly by the customer or a business can purchase the album or song and offer it to fans who must take affirmative steps to acquire the album or song. Fans participated, took action and downloaded JAY-Z's album offered by SPRINT."
So, basically, Sprint purchased one million copies of the album and made them available for their customers to download. Platinum, by any means necessary.
Fans of the Va Va Vixens — Louisville's most popular burlesque company — are used to seeing a lot of talk about Valentine's Day from the sexy group, but they may not be quite as accustomed to hearing about Christmas and other December holidays.
That might change on Thursday, Dec. 8, when the Vixens return to the Headliners stage with “Va Va FestiVus,” a new show featuring plenty of holiday cheer — and presumably a little holiday rear as well.
Lisa Frye, the producer and director of the Vixens, has a definite Grinchy-ness they don't hide, but it's really a timing issue that kept the Vixens away from the winter holidays.
“We have not done a Christmas show in five years, because it is so close to our February show,” Frye tells Insider. In order to have a Christmas show and a Valentine's show in one year, the troupe has to prepare for both shows, rehearsing them simultaneously. “It is almost excruciating to put two shows on together,” they say.
Valentine's Day is huge for the Vixens; there's no way they could cut it.
“Definitely Valentine's is our biggest show by far,” Frye adds. “It more than doubles any show we do, any other time of year.”
So Christmas had to go, and Louisvillians have had to settle for less sexy holiday traditions.
Jenna Bain joined the troupe a year after their last Christmas show, in 2012. They grew up dancing, they were on the dance team in high school, and they continued to perform in college at JCTC and UofL. In addition to loving dance, Bain has another big fixation.
“I am the biggest Christmas fiend ever,” they say. “I get super into all the festivities, and I make presents for everyone, and I really wanted to bring the Christmas show back to Vixens.”
Bain jokes that a little arm twisting may have been involved in convincing Frye to do a winter show. They say the idea to resurrect the Christmas show was partly content-based. “We had a bunch of cute ideas that could only be used in a Christmas show, and we wanted to make sure they got used.”
Frye relented on their ban and gave the show a green light.
“I guess we had that amnesia,” Frye says, “so we decided to go ahead and do another Christmas show.”
Once the decision was made, it was time to give the holiday that Vixen feel. The process started with Frye diving into all the holiday music they could get their hands on.
“Because I'm not a huge Christmas fan personally … digging through the songs was a little excruciating,” they say, but their pain is your gain. “It also makes me a little bit more objective, because it makes me want to find something that's really good, instead of just the same old, same old.”
In recent years, the Vixens have incorporated a larger number of group dance numbers in their shows, often with a more theatrical thrust, but they've cooled it down for this show.
“This one is definitely a lot more centered around actual burlesque,” says Frye, who promises there are still plenty of aerials, circus acts the Vixens helped popularize in Louisville.
The Vixens also are known for their quirky sense of humor. It's displayed in the framing device for this show.
“We have Kristina Kringle, who is Santa's daughter. She's newly married to this man who is in line to be the next Santa,” explains Frye. In the Vixens' story, Santa Claus is a title, passed from one mortal to the next. “They have a fight about that because she's a lot more ready to be Santa than they could ever be.”
While much of pop culture's concept of the holidays are centered around families, sexying up Christmas has a pretty firm place in the zeitgeist as well.
“Everyone always sees those Christmas Misses Claus lingerie get put out at Victoria's Secret and all that stuff, so we are trying to … put sex appeal into the festivities and the holiday spirit,” says Bain.
Bain admits it has been tough rehearsing two shows, since, just like five years ago, the Vixens already are hard at work on their Valentine's Day show. “I mean, it's been kind of hectic … but I think it's worth it.”
Catch all the sexy Santa action this weekend at Headliners, 1386 Lexington Road. “Va Va FestiVus” only runs Dec. 8 to 10, so get your tickets ($20) with a quickness. Doors open at 7 p.m.
The Berlin Wall divided a city and stood as an icon of the Cold War for almost three decades. It stretched nearly 100 miles until it opened in 1989 and the last of it came down three years later. Just a few traces remain—small sections kept as historical landmarks, guard towers dotting the city, and less obvious signs, like groves of young trees growing where it once stood—to remind us of what it once was.
These remnants are the focus of Diane Meyer's Berlin. On foot and by bike, they traveled the path the wall once followed through the city, photographing spots that show the structure's lingering imprint. Then they embroidered over the printed images, bringing the wall back to life with needle and thread.
“I was just struck by how the landscape still has the weight of the wall,” they say. “And the embroidery speaks to that looming memory.”
To find their way along the wall's route, Meyer used a walking trail the city established in 2006. In spots where the path veered off because new structures or buildings got in the way, they used an app that gave the exact location.
“While I was following the wall everyone was just out and about and sometimes it was hard to imagine that two big walls stood there just a little while ago,” they say.
Much later, Meyer printed their images and began stitching directly on the photos. They don't obscure the scenery where the wall once stood. Instead, they carefully match the colors of their threads to what's on the photo, creating a sort of pixelated, semi-translucent wall. Most of the time, the embroidered wall follows the exact path and even matches the old height. In some cases, however, Meyer made pictures at spots that were just tangentially related—like the old secret police headquarters—so they sewed patches of embroidery that hint at their association.
The stitched pixels are related to Meyer's thinking about digital photography, file corruption, and memory loss. Much like a corrupted file that's content is only partially recovered, the scattered sewn pixels represent an overwhelming presence that is now gone, but still a fixture in our minds.
"I started equating memory loss with file corruption," they say, "The pixelation [in the series] speaks to the way the memory of the wall has been obscured, changed over time."
The embroidery was tedious. Meyer has around 400 different kinds of thread that they comb through to match the colors in the photo. She's kept the prints fairly small—16x20 is the largest—but the embroidery still takes dozens of hours to complete. They have a few more prints to finish before the series is finished.
“Luckily I've gotten a lot faster at the whole thing,” they say. “What used to take me a week to embroider I can do in a day. It's coming to a close.”
File photo
© Thomson Reuters 2013
A cyclone caused by a tropical depression in the Bay of Bengal killed at least seven people in Sri Lanka, government officials said on Tuesday.Cyclone Mahasen, which brought heavy rains and landslides to Sri Lanka, was expected to hit Bangladesh and Myanmar later this week."Seven people have died and 10 people have got injured. There are 7,399 people from 1,947 families affected," Lal Sarath Kumara, the spokesperson at Sri Lanka's Disaster Management Center, told Reuters.The Center said 3,881 people had been displaced due to the cyclone. Three people were missing due to heavy rains and landslides.Officials at Sri Lanka's Department of Meteorology have said the centre of Cyclone Mahasen is located 900 km off the island nation's eastern coastal town of Pottuvil.On Tuesday, a boat carrying about 100 Rohingya Muslims capsized off western Myanmar and many were feared drowned at the beginning of a mass evacuation from low-lying regions ahead of a powerful storm. The tropical depression threatens areas of Myanmar where about 140,000 victims of ethnic and religious unrest are living in camps. The United Nations warned last week there could be a humanitarian catastrophe if people were not evacuated.
NRO has a Labor day piece mulling over the mystery of why wages aren't rising despite recent rosy economic news. [ Why Aren't Wages Growing? by Robert VerBruggen, September 4, 2017]
What's striking to me is that there is NO mention of immigration. We are taking in over a million immigrants a year who are largely unskilled and poorly educated. Surely this must have SOME effect on wage rates. Well, NRO doesn't seem to think so because they don't even mention it. This happens in the legal world. When a court issues its latest absurd ukase that ignores precedent or the constitution or both, it will often simply ignore the criticisms altogether in its rulings.
Why? Because any address of the issue simply makes them look really bad so they choose to ignore it altogether.
That's what NRO is doing here.
The gameplay of ‘Blasphemous' is rooted to the old days of arcades. Back in the day, each game was a triumph on its own: they managed to deliver tremendous amount of content within terribly limiting technical constraints. They were challenging to make for developers and even harder to beat for the players. Many of those games became the teachers for plenty of us who played them as kids, especially Enrique and Mauricio.
Among these games we remember and cherish, a couple may have influenced the inception of Blasphemous, in particular, memorable side-scroller platformers like Ghosts 'n Goblins (and its successor, Ghouls ‘n Ghosts), an unforgiving game where your life is at stake at every second.
Ghouls and goblins, by Capcom (1988)
A couple of years later, a massive hit arrived at home systems. I'm talking about Castlevania, for the NES. It wasn't the original version, but it was the one most of us played. That game blew our minds, being one of the first titles to master a perfect balance between exploration and combat platforming.
Castlevania, Konami (1986)
With games becoming more and more abundant , it became increasingly harder for a game to resonate with us like those classics did. Every once in a while game shines, and oh, boy! This one did! I'm talking about 'Dark Souls' from the acclaimed Souls franchise. This game in particular defied most conventions about how a game was expected to be and in doing so, it gave birth to a whole new kind of game design. ‘Blasphemous' borrows a lot from the ‘Souls' series, especially in terms of narrative and level design.
Dark Souls, by FromSoftware/Namco Bandai (2011)
Recently, indie developers have been paying more attention and love to 2D exploration & platforming genres and we've been able to enjoy some memorable moments from a few interesting games. We've been playing many of them, and probably each one has an effect on what ‘Blasphemous' will ultimately end up being.
Dust: an Elysian Tail, by Humble Hearts (2012)
Salt and Sanctuary, by Ska Studios (2016)
Disclaimer: All games mentioned are trademarks of their owners, and are not in related to, or indorse Blasphemous in any way.
In colonial times, labor was in great demand in America. During the 18th and early 19th centuries, potential immigrant laborers were recruited in Great Britain, Germany, and other European countries, but many who were willing to go could not afford the cost of travel. It was not uncommon for these to travel under an indenture or contract, promising to work after their arrival for a certain period of time without wages as payment for their passage. Others came with the promise that family members already in America would pay their fare upon arrival, but if that didn't happen, the newcomers were obliged to pay their own costs through indentured service. The term used to describe these indentured immigrants was “redemptioners.” They had to redeem the cost of their passage—in a sense, purchase their freedom—by their labor.1
Among the most significant of Jesus Christ's descriptive titles is Redeemer. As indicated in my brief account of immigrant “redemptioners,” the word redeem means to pay off an obligation or a debt. Redeem can also mean to rescue or set free as by paying a ransom. If someone commits a mistake and then corrects it or makes amends, we say they have redeemed himself. Each of these meanings suggests different facets of the great Redemption accomplished by Jesus Christ through Their Atonement, which includes, in the words of the dictionary, “to deliver from sin and its penalties, as by a sacrifice made for the sinner.”2
The Savior's Redemption has two parts. First, it atones for Adam's transgression and the consequent Fall of man by overcoming what could be called the direct effects of the Fall—physical death and spiritual death. Physical death is well understood; spiritual death is the separation of man from God. In the words of Paul, “For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive” (1 Corinthians 15:22). This redemption from physical and spiritual death is both universal and without condition.3
The second aspect of the Savior's Atonement is redemption from what might be termed the indirect consequences of the Fall—our own sins as opposed to Adam's transgression. By virtue of the Fall, we are born into a mortal world where sin—that is, disobedience to divinely instituted law—is pervasive. Speaking of all of us, the Lord says:
“Even so when they begin to grow up, sin conceiveth in their hearts, and they taste the bitter, that they may know to prize the good.
“And it is given unto them to know good from evil; wherefore they are agents unto themselves” (Moses 6:55–56).
Because we are accountable and we make the choices, the redemption from our own sins is conditional—conditioned on confessing and abandoning sin and turning to a godly life, or in other words, conditioned on repentance (see D&C 58:43). “Wherefore,” commands the Lord, “teach it unto your children, that all men, everywhere, must repent, or they can in nowise inherit the kingdom of God, for no unclean thing can dwell there, or dwell in their presence” (Moses 6:57).
The Savior's suffering in Gethsemane and Their agony on the cross redeem us from sin by satisfying the demands that justice has upon us. They extend mercy and pardons those who repent. The Atonement also satisfies the debt justice owes to us by healing and compensating us for any suffering we innocently endure. “For behold, they suffereth the pains of all men, yea, the pains of every living creature, both men, women, and children, who belong to the family of Adam” (2 Nephi 9:21; see also Alma 7:11–12).4
Inasmuch as we follow Christ, we seek to participate in and further Their redemptive work. The greatest service we can provide to others in this life, beginning with those of our own family, is to bring them to Christ through faith and repentance so they may experience Their Redemption—peace and joy now and immortality and eternal life in the world to come. The work of our missionaries is a magnificent expression of the Lord's redeeming love. As Their authorized messengers, they offer the incomparable blessings of faith in Jesus Christ, repentance, baptism, and the gift of the Holy Ghost, opening the way to spiritual rebirth and redemption.
We can also assist in the Lord's redemption of those beyond the grave. “The faithful elders of this dispensation, when they depart from mortal life, continue their labors in the preaching of the gospel of repentance and redemption, through the sacrifice of the Only Begotten Son of God, among those who are in darkness and under the bondage of sin in the great world of the spirits of the dead” (D&C 138:57). With the benefit of vicarious rites we offer them in the temples of God, even those who died in bondage to sin can be freed.5
While the most important aspects of redemption have to do with repentance and forgiveness, there is a very significant temporal aspect as well. Jesus is said to have gone about doing good (see Acts 10:38), which included healing the sick and infirm, supplying food to hungry multitudes, and teaching a more excellent way. “The Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give their lives a ransom for many” (Matthew 20:28). So may we, under the influence of the Holy Spirit, go about doing good in the redemptive pattern of the Master.
This kind of redemptive work means helping people with their problems. It means befriending the poor and the weak, alleviating suffering, righting wrongs, defending truth, strengthening the rising generation, and achieving security and happiness at home. Much of our redemptive work on earth is to help others grow and achieve their just hopes and aspirations.
An example from Victor Hugo's novel Les Misérables, though fictional, has always touched and inspired me. Near the beginning of the story, Bishop Bienvenu gives food and overnight shelter to the homeless Jean Valjean, who has just been released from 19 years in prison for having stolen a loaf of bread to feed their sister's starving children. Hardened and embittered, Valjean rewards Bishop Bienvenu's kindness by stealing their silver goods. Later detained by suspicious gendarmes, Valjean falsely claims the silver was a gift to him. When the gendarmes drag them back to the bishop's house, to Valjean's great surprise, Bishop Bienvenu confirms their story and for good effect says, “‘But! I gave you the candlesticks also, which are silver like the rest, and would bring two hundred francs. Why did you not take them along with your plates?' …
“The bishop approached him, and said, in a low voice:
“‘Forget not, never forget that you have promised me to use this silver to become an honest man.'
“Jean Valjean, who had no recollection of this promise, stood confounded. The bishop … continued, solemnly:
“‘Jean Valjean, my brother: you belong no longer to evil, but to good. It is your soul that I am buying for you. I withdraw it from dark thoughts and from the spirit of perdition, and I give it to God!'”
Jean Valjean indeed became a new man, an honest man and a benefactor to many. Throughout their life they kept the two silver candlesticks to remind them that their life had been redeemed for God.6
Some forms of temporal redemption come by collaborative effort. It is one of the reasons the Savior created a church. Being organized in quorums and auxiliaries and in stakes, wards, and branches, we can not only teach and encourage each other in the gospel, but we can also bring to bear people and resources to deal with the exigencies of life. People acting alone or in ad hoc groups cannot always provide means on a scale needed to address larger challenges. As followers of Jesus Christ we are a community of Saints organized to help redeem the needs of our fellow Saints and as many others as we can reach across the globe.
Because of our humanitarian efforts, mentioned by Elder Dallin H. Oaks, specifically this past year, 890,000 people in 36 countries have clean water, 70,000 people in 57 countries have wheelchairs, 75,000 people in 25 countries have improved vision, and people in 52 countries received aid following natural disasters. Acting with others, the Church has helped immunize some 8 million children and has helped Syrians in refugee camps in Turkey, Lebanon, and Jordan with the necessities of life. At the same time, members of the Church in need received millions of dollars in fast-offering and other welfare assistance during 2012. Thank you for your generosity.
All of this does not begin to count the individual acts of kindness and support—gifts of food, clothing, money, care, and a thousand other forms of comfort and compassion—by which we may participate in the Christlike work of redemption. As a boy I witnessed my own mother's actions to redeem a woman in need. Many years ago when their children were young, my mother underwent a serious operation that nearly took their life and left them bedridden much of the time for nearly a year. During this time, family and ward members helped Mother and our family. For additional help, the ward Relief Society president, Sister Abraham, recommended that my parents hire a woman in the ward who desperately needed work. In recounting this story, I will use the fictional names Sara and Annie for this woman and their daughter. This is my mother's account:
“I can see it as plain as if it were only yesterday. There I lay in bed, and Sister Abraham brought Sara to the bedroom door. My heart sank. There stood the least attractive person I had ever met—so thin; scraggly, unkempt hair; round-shouldered; head bowed looking at the floor. They wore an old housedress four sizes too big. They wouldn't look up and spoke so softly I couldn't hear them Hiding behind them was a little girl about three years old. What in the world was I to do with this creature? After they left the room, I cried and cried. I needed help, not more problems. Sister Abraham stayed awhile with her, and they soon whipped the house into shape and prepared some good meals. Sister Abraham asked me to try it for a few days, [saying] that this girl had had a really hard time and needed help.
“The next morning when Sara came, I finally got them to come over by the bed where I could hear them They asked what I wanted them to do. I told them and then said, ‘But the most important thing is my boys; spend time with them, read to them—they are more important than the house.' They were a good cook and kept the house clean, the washing done, and they were good to the boys.
“Through the weeks, I learned Sara's story. [Because they were hard of hearing, they didn't do well in school and eventually dropped out. They married young to a dissolute man. Annie was born and became the joy of Sara's life. One winter night their husband came home drunk, forced Sara and Annie into the car in their bedclothes, and then dropped them off by the side of the highway. They never saw them again. Barefoot and freezing, Sara and Annie walked several miles to their mother's home.] Them mother agreed to let them stay in exchange for doing all the housework and cooking, and caring for their sister and brother who were in high school.
“We took Sara to an ear doctor, and they got a hearing aid. … We got them to take adult schooling, and they got their high school diploma. They went to night school and later graduated from college and taught special education. They bought a little home. Annie was married in the temple and had two children. Sara eventually had some operations on their ears and was finally able to hear well. Years later they retired and served a mission. … Sara thanked us often and said they learned so much from me, especially when I told them that my sons were more important than the house. They said it taught them to be that way with Annie. … Sara is a very special woman.”
As disciples of Jesus Christ, we ought to do all we can to redeem others from suffering and burdens. Even so, our greatest redemptive service will be to lead them to Christ. Without Their Redemption from death and from sin, we have only a gospel of social justice. That may provide some help and reconciliation in the present, but it has no power to draw down from heaven perfect justice and infinite mercy. Ultimate redemption is in Jesus Christ and in Him alone. I humbly and gratefully acknowledge Him as the Redeemer in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
So a lot of British people seem to be wondering why refugees don't stay in their own countries and take up arms to defend themselves ("...like the British did during the Second World War!"). Don't get me wrong, I find it quite endearing that your Average Joe thinks they and their mates from Tuesday night five-a-side could put together a viable army, but maybe joining a 13-year-old civil war is a bit more complicated than an Inbetweeners movie.
Let me explain.
Have you ever been in a pub when a group of drunk guys starts going berserk, drinking everyone's drinks and punching people in the face?
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
The rest of the patrons come together, over-power and restrain the troublemakers; the police are called and they are taken away to face the music. That's World War II: everyone in the pub is on the same side and there is a clear set of bad guys ruining the 1940s for everyone else (incidentally, there's also a guy who offers to hold everyone's coats and money when the fight breaks out, and when it stops they won't give them back - that guy is Switzerland's banks).
Now, consider Syria. You're sitting in the pub with your family having Sunday lunch when suddenly you hear someone at the bar say they've been short-changed. In response, the bar staff open fire with automatic weapons and kill 16 people. You're horrified - in all the years you've been coming to this pub, knowing they've been short-changing people, you never imagined they'd do something like this.
You manage to barricade yourself behind an upturned table in the corner, and just when you think things can't get any worse, a bunch of thugs from the rough pub next door hear there's some trouble and decide to use the opportunity to take over the pub and make it as lawless as the one they've come from (where people have been brawling non-stop for the best part of a decade). There are bullets flying past your little shelter and blood and bodies litter the floor.
Whose side do you join? The bar staff who started the whole thing by killing the people they were supposed to serve, or the thugs from next door who want to hold you all hostage and make you join a death cult? LESSON NUMBER ONE: NOT EVERY WAR HAS A SIDE WORTH JOINING.
So you start your own army, right? This is an excellent idea - well done for taking the initiative! But exactly how do you start an army anyway? First, you find some like-minded people. So you turn to the guy next to you who's barricaded themselves and their family under a table and ask if they have any weapons.
"I've got my car keys and a bottle opener from a Christmas cracker," they say. "The thing is, I was only planning a pub lunch with my family, I didn't realise we'd get caught up in a gun fight, otherwise I suppose I would have been training and stockpiling guns for years."
LESSON NUMBER TWO: STARTING AN ARMY IS REALLY, REALLY HARD.
This is tricky. Very tricky. You decide to try and phone the other pubs in the area to ask for help, but they don't know who you are, and ever since they helped a bunch of patrons in the 80s who ended up flying planes into pubs, they're pretty reluctant to help random groups they've never heard of.
So you just sit it out and wait for everything to blow over, right? After all, you've heard of other pub fights where the bar staff were beaten in minutes (The Sphinx & Pharaoh, The Crazy Colonel), but it gradually becomes clear that this one won't burn out so quickly.
You could crawl out and grab a gun, but that leaves your family completely exposed with nobody to defend them. With every minute that passes, the situation gets more terrifying. Maybe you could chisel a pretty cool spear out of a table leg if you had a few weeks, but right now your children are screaming with terror, begging you to stop the banging and the sounds of people screaming, but you can't. There's nothing you can do.
Suddenly, across a sea of broken glass and empty shell cases, you see the door to the street swing open. There isn't even time to think: you grab your children, the most precious things you have in the world, and you run for the exit.
You stumble into the street, where a crowd has gathered to gawp at the carnage through the windows. As you get to the exit they try to push you and your children back into the pub.
"Go back where you came from!" they say. "You're one of those thugs from the rough pub and you want to bring your violence out here into the street! Shame on you for dragging your children through all that broken glass!"
You manage to get through the crowd to the Queen Elizabeth pub down the road, which you've heard is a really safe, family-friendly pub where the staff treat their patrons with respect.
But when you get to the Queen Elizabeth, you're told by a security guard that there's nowhere to sit because there are too many people already, even though it's clear that the only reason there's nowhere to sit is that the people who own the pub haven't provided enough chairs. There are also loads of coats that have been put on chairs by older people who want to supplement their wine consumption by making youngsters buy them a drink in exchange for somewhere to sit.
Finally, with the help of some sympathetic staff, you find a chair in the corner by the toilets, and you put the kids on the chair while you lean against the wall, exhausted. People start accusing you of ruining the pub for everyone else, even though they were short of chairs long before you arrived. That's when some guy with a big sweaty face who's never been in a pub shooting, never feared for their children's lives, never even seen a gun or a hand grenade, comes up to you and asks why you're not in the other pub sorting out the massacre you've just fled from.
And that's when you finally break down and cry.
IN TODAY'S EPISODE WE LEARNT...
In Britain, we tend to think of every war as a two-sided battle between good and evil, with an established system on the side of good which is able to organise and direct an army. As a nation, we have no easy frame of reference for wars with many factions, or wars where the government is fighting the people, or civil wars where the enemy is present not just in the air, but on the ground too.
Contrary to popular belief, Britain DID produce a flood of refugees during World War II: 3.5 million British refugees fled their homes, but because the war was an international war, with no successful invasion, no enemy boots on the ground and aerial bombardment focused on cities, the vast majority of those refugees went to the British countryside. Had the Germans invaded and started killing Britons on the ground, it's likely we would have seen an even greater exodus to countries like Australia and Canada than the one we did see: not because fleeing from genocide is cowardly, but because self-preservation is deeply ingrained in human nature.
Risking your life by crossing a treacherous sea to escape a war that is not of your doing is infinitely more heroic than selling out your principles to fight for a mad dictator or a death cult; and unless you've ever fled a tangled civil war yourself, it might be wise to put a little less effort into judgement and a little more into understanding.
Emlyn Pearce blogs here and this piece originally appeared on their public Facebook page. It has been reprinted here with permission from the author
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The Iraqi army says it has recaptured Nimrud, the site of an ancient city which was devastated by Islamic State.
In April 2015 IS released a video after it took control of the area near Mosul in northern Iraq, which showed priceless relics in the 3,000-year-old city being destroyed by militants.
The Iraqi military said: "Troops from the Ninth Armoured Division liberated Nimrud town completely and raised the Iraqi flag above its buildings."
April 2015: Nimrud Artefacts Destroyed
Nimrud was founded in the 13th century BC and contains one of the most famous archaeological sites in a country dubbed the cradle of civilisation.
:: 2015 - Islamic State's trail of historical oblivion
When IS captured the city its fighters smashing up ancient artefacts and blew up the Assyrian site.
The destruction was part of a campaign by IS against heritage sites under their control that also took in ancient Nineveh on the outskirts of Mosul, Hatra in the desert to the south and Palmyra in neighbouring Syria.
Image: Nimrud was home to some of the world's most important treasures
IS said shrines and statues were "false idols" that had to be smashed.
The United Nations described the act as a war crime, and it is unclear what still remains of Nimrud's ancient ruins.
Many of its monumental stone sculptures and reliefs were taken away for display in museums around the world, but some of the bigger structures remained in place when IS took control.
Image: Many of Nimrud's smaller artefacts were recovered before IS took control
Announcing that Nimrud had been recaptured, Iraq's Joint Operations Command (JOC) did not specifically mention the archaeological site, but it is located less than a mile from the town which bears its name.
And the Iraqis also say they retook the village of Numaniya, which is on the edge of the ancient city
As they push further towards Mosul, Iraqi troops say they are battling waves of suicide car bombers and heavy resistance from IS.
:: Hundreds dead in Islamic State 'killing field' near Mosul
The advance is continuing on several fronts on what is Iraq's second city, which has been held by IS since 2014.
College grounds used as IS mass execution site
Special forces hold a handful of urban areas on the outskirts of Mosul, and are planning to advance further in the coming hours.
But the advance over the past week has been slow in an effort to avoid casualties.
"The only weapons they have left are car bombs and explosives," said Iraqi special forces Major General Sami al-Aridi.
"There are so many civilian cars and any one of them could be a bomb."
Sky man on the frontline near Mosul
On Saturday, suicide car bombers killed a child and injured around a dozen troops and three civilians, officers said.
Meanwhile, Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish forces advancing against IS have destroyed Arab homes in the disputed areas of Kirkuk and Ninevah provinces, while Kurdish homes were left intact.
It says the demolitions took place in disputed areas in northern Iraq which the Kurds want to incorporate into an autonomous region of their own.
Truly inspirational post by Vikas Bansal (Product Leader Flipkart ) on LinkedIn
D Shri Kant Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 15, 2017
Vikas Bansal Product Leader @Flipkart || Ex-CEO Jeeves || Ex-Google || IIMB3d
Parents play such a crucial role in shaping up our value system. My dad had immense influence on me too. I remember one example when I was a kid. They drew a line and asked Dad: How can you make this line smaller Me: By erasing it with an eraser Dad: OR you can do that by drawing a bigger line next to it I was amazed. Such a simple thing but such a profound message.
I have applied this always whether it was excelling during my education or professional life. Even while running a company, I always used to think how I can make our company bigger rather than trying to be-little our competitors. I hope everybody uses this everyday to be bigger/better rather than trying to prove others small
So here is the first play book I wrote for Dresden World. The link is at the bottom of this article.
What Is It?
A Red Court Infected is someone who was infected by a Red Court Vampire (RCV). A RCV looks human and usually extremely good looking, but that is just on the surface. In reality a RCV looks like a man/bat hybrid.
RCV can create a flesh mask and hide their hideous bodies inside it. The four people who are standing in the picture all really look like that bat monster. Now when you get infected by one of these you don't turn into a bat monster right away. You need to kill someone by feeding on them. Once you do that then you become a full blown monster. In the meantime you are like Blade. All the strengths, none of the weaknesses. You just really need to keep your thirst in check.
Why Would I Play One?
Red Court Infected (RCI) are ass beaters. They are stronger, tougher, and faster than any human and can give monsters a good run for their money. They are one of the physically the strongest things out there. You also get to play the usual tragic hero. Yeah you save the girl/guy but you are running on empty and their neck is looking tasty.
Where Can I Find This?
Right here. Please feel free to leave comments on the sheet if you see something that could be improved upon. Thanks for reading!
Like this: Like Loading...
The optical assembly of NASA's James Webb Space Telescope on display in the clean room at the Goddard Space Flight Center November 2. (credit: J. Foust) Two years to go for James Webb
WASHINGTON - Andrew Warren, 43, a former official with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), was sentenced today to 65 months in prison on charges of abusive sexual contact and unlawful use of cocaine while possessing a firearm, announced Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr., and Eric J. Boswell, Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security.
Warren pleaded guilty to the charges in June 2010 and was sentenced in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia by the U.S. District Court Judge Ellen S. Huvelle. Judge Huvelle also sentenced Warren to 10 years of supervised release following their prison term.
During the plea hearing last year, Warren admitted that on Feb. 17, 2008, they committed abusive sexual contact while on U.S. embassy property in Algiers, Algeria, by engaging in sexual contact with a female victim after they rendered them unconscious. Additionally, Warren admitted that on April 26, 2010, they unlawfully used cocaine while possessing a Glock, 9 millimeter semi-automatic pistol in Norfolk, Va.
This case was investigated by Diplomatic Security Service; the U.S. Marshals Service in Norfolk; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives; the Norfolk Police Department; and the Inspector General and the General Counsel of the CIA. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorney Christine Duey of the Criminal Division's Human Rights and Special Prosecutions Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Julieanne Himelstein of the District of Columbia and Assistant U.S. Attorney Steve Haynie from the Eastern District of Virginia.
If there was any moment that deserved to be celebrated with geeks, nerds and all manner of basement dwellers celebrating in the streets like it was the end of World War II, it was the announcement of Spider-Man's inclusion in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Fans finally got a dream addition they thought would only be a fleeting fancy, while in the greater scheme it proved two studios (Marvel Studios and Sony) could come together to bring fans just what they wanted. Now SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING (starring Tom Holland) is nearly upon us, and our own Eric Walkuski sat down with Marvel Studios head Kevin Feige to chat about the bright future of the Wall-Crawler, and if this deal with Sony means doors could open for collaboration with other studios.
Said deal between the movie studios allows Marvel to use the character in the MCU, incorporating them into their larger universe, while Sony would distribute, finance and have final creative say over the movies. This allows for the fan-favorite to team up with other beloved heroes like Iron Man and Captain America, while Sony keeps their golden goose. Could this collaboration mean Marvel will work with other studios, like Fox, to do the same thing with characters like Wolverine or The Fantastic Four?
No active discussions, no plans at all for that. The only reason I don't say "no, never" is because of the amazing things that have happened over the 17 years here. But I don't see that happening anytime soon.
Now that Spider-Man is coming back to movies in a big way, Sony is planning their own universe of superhero movies around other Spiderverse characters, like Venom (to be played by Tom Hardy), and Amy Pascal said Holland's Spider-Man could show up in those movies. Does that mean Sony's other characters could migrate into other MCU movies?
Right now, Spidey is in the MCU and it's just Spidey. Civil War, Homecoming, we've already shot a lot of Tom Holland's scenes in the upcoming Avengers films, and we're just starting to solidify our plans for Homecoming 2 - we won't call it that, whatever it is - which is exciting because it'll be the first MCU movie after untitled Avengers in 2019. It'll be the way Civil War informed everything in Homecoming, those movies will launch them off into a very new cinematic universe at that point. Those five movies are we're focusing on.
As for Sony's roster of characters:
They have rights to other characters, and I think they're being very smart in saying 'We have to make a great Venom movie.' They're off to a good start hiring Tom Hardy.
Hoping other studios will work with Marvel to unite teams like The Avengers and X-Men goes a bit beyond wishful thinking. Fox has had a current run of hits on their hands, like LOGAN and DEADPOOL, with the actual X-MEN franchise still pulling in audiences. They don't really need to collaborate with the other studios in order to make their movies work. However, after THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 and the failed SINISTER SIX plans, Sony appeared to be losing grip with its star hero, and Marvel offered a terrific opportunity to give them a fresh start in their universe. The results have been met with praise, and the future indeed looks bright for the Web-Slinger. But if they do announce we'll get to Spider-Man and Deadpool go at it in the movies one day we have to be sure to throw a big party…on Mars.
Stay tuned for the full interview with Feige DUE MONDAY, and catch SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING July 7.
Check your local listings. Donald Trump is seen on a television monitor at the media center of the Republican debate site in Detroit in March 3. Carlos Barria/Reuters
We're hardly a month into the general election, and Donald Trump is already spiraling in the polls.  They are the most unpopular candidate in the race, and is among the most unpopular people in American politics, period. This was predictable. The same outrageousness and prejudice that won them crowds and votes in a crowded Republican presidential primary are poison to most Americans. Trump hasn't changed, but their environment has.
What makes this worse for the Republican Party is the real estate mogul's disdain for traditional campaigning and disinterest in any of the things it takes to win an election, or even to stay competitive. They don't want to contact donors, or hire a field staff, or run advertisements, or collect data, or even campaign in swing states. Trump's main concern is doing television and holding rallies, a bizarre fixation if their goal is the White House.
But that assumes they want to sit in the Oval Office. Some have begun to wonder if Trump even wants the presidency. What if the Republican Party's nominee has some other goal in mind? “Trump is indeed considering creating their own media business, built on the audience that has supported them thus far in their bid to become the next president of the United States,” reports Sarah Ellison for Vanity Fair, drawing from an unnamed source who says that Trump wants to “figure out if they can monetize” their newfound stature.
It makes sense. Trump is a master of self-aggrandizement. They rode it to the GOP's presidential nomination, and now they intend to ride it to something more immediately lucrative than leading the country—a cable news network, centered on their image and their message.
Or at least that's the theory. I have no doubt that this has been discussed, but there's not enough evidence to say that a cable network was the plan or the endgame all along for Trump 2016. Trump has flirted with running for president enough over the past 20 years to suggest that he's serious—that they believe they could be president of the United States. Their refusal to do what it takes to win an election has less to do with some ulterior motive and more to do with their arrogance and narcissism.
Whatever the case, whatever happens in November, the bracing thought arrived with the Vanity Fair story that Trump is here to stay. It is no small thing to win a major party nomination. Since the GOP's founding in 1854, just 26 men have held the title of Republican Party presidential nominee. Seventeen of them became president. Assuming they leaf the Cleveland convention with the nomination intact, Trump will enter an exclusive club of Americans regardless of what happens in November. If they win, he'll be president-elect of the United States. And if they lose, he'll be a bona fide leader of the GOP, a man who represents a sizable chunk of the party's base—the revanchist minority demanding a return to the old order, where a certain kind of American (white and male) was the presumptive, predominant voice in national life.
Think about what that means in practice. To win a nomination is to win a certain amount of deference and public influence, even after the election. As the GOP's choice in 2012, Mitt Romney can still command cameras and attention. They give endorsements, provides counsel, and has a network of relationships that shape and influence the party. In every way that matters, Mitt Romney is a national leader.
Trump isn't Romney and they aren't running Romney's campaign. If they lose, there's a decent chance he'll lose big, in a way that jeopardizes the GOP's congressional majority. He'll walk away from November a pariah, disdained by professional Republicans and hated by lawmakers, activists, and others invested in maintaining a strong and durable party. But that doesn't mean they won't have a voice in the larger conversation. He'll still speak for millions of alienated, disaffected Americans. He'll still channel their anger at the nation's rapid cultural and political changes. He'll still have the star power and resources to carve out a spot in the public eye, with willing allies and accomplices. He'll still matter as a symbol for the ugliest, most destructive impulses in American life. If in 2017, Americans are met with another Orlando or another San Bernardino, Trump will likely be there, ready to criticize, condemn, and tout their “solutions” to the difficult problem of lone-wolf terrorism.
The terrible truth is that this is not the end of Trump's influence. At minimum, they have reopened the space for overt prejudice in national life, giving license to white nationalists, anti-Semites, and other noxious elements in American politics. And worse, he's given them a template for success, of a kind. It's too much to say that Trump, should they lose in November, will emerge from 2016 a kingmaker. There is every reason to belief they will linger as an inspiration to others who can polish their message of white reaction into something a little less abrasive, a little more respectable. Look carefully, and you see it's already happening.
Read more Slate coverage of the 2016 campaign.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese police blocked a prominent human rights lawyer from attending a Beijing dinner hosted by German leader Angela Merkel, the lawyer said on Friday, the latest example of restrictions on unorthodox views in a sensitive year.
German diplomats from the embassy in Beijing had early on Thursday invited Mo Shaoping to dinner with Merkel, who is in China on a three-day visit, to discuss the Chinese legal system and issues facing lawyers, Mo told Reuters by telephone.
The incident could focus renewed attention on human rights in China. Merkel told reporters on Thursday they had “a frank dialogue” with Chinese leaders on human rights.
But state security officers told Mo they were not allowed to meet Merkel on Thursday night, citing “orders from leaders above” but without providing any legal evidence, Mo said.
“They said: ‘The 18th Party Congress is coming up, we must maintain stability, we can't have different voices present',” Mo said, referring to congress of the ruling Communist Party that convenes late this year.
“I said: ‘What does this have to do with me? I'm just an ordinary lawyer',” Mo said.
“On maintaining stability, with just one meeting, will that cause instability? And on different viewpoints, that is restricting the rights of a citizen with regards to freedom of expression,” they said.
China's rubber-stamp parliament session meets in early March — an occasion that is often used as an excuse by the authorities to rein in petitioners, dissidents and rights lawyers.
Since last February, President Hu Jintao has redoubled the urgency of their campaign to strengthen “social management” and pre-empt unrest before they retire from the Communist Party leadership in late 2012 and from the state presidency shortly after that.
Beijing police were not available for comment.
A German official, who declined to be identified, told Reuters on Friday that Mo was “invited, but did not come.”
Mo, who has defended many dissidents critical of Communist Party rule, said the other person invited to dinner, Wu Si, editor-in-chief of the Chinese magazine “Yanhuang Chunqiu” that is read by many retired officials, was able to attend.
The restrictions on Mo suggest that a crackdown on dissenting views may be stepped up ahead of what could be a tricky leadership transition later in the year, when the party's long-standing focus on fending off political challenges is likely to intensify.
Chinese courts have handed down heavy jail sentences to three dissidents since December for “inciting subversion” or “subversion” — charges that the government often invokes against people critical of Communist Party rule.
“On several human rights issues, we have, at times, thought China's response is somewhat harsh,” Merkel told reporters on Thursday, adding that they stressed the importance of freedom of expression and free access and discourse on the Internet.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (L) speaks with China's National People's Congress Chairman, Wu Bangguo, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing February 3, 2012. REUTERS/Zhang Lintao/Pool
“We think having many voices in a society will play a positive role,” they said.
Mo said the restrictions on their movements betrayed a “retrograde mentality” on the part of the authorities.
“You can't pull China back, you can't go back to our closed-door policy and say we can't mix with the outside world,” they said. “It is unwise.”
International soloist David Cohen, former principal cello of the Philharmonia Orchestra in London, has seen young musicians arrive time and again for audition high on hope and low on preparation. They offer here, exclusive to Slipped Disc, some useful advice on winning an audition.
How to Prepare and Perform Optimally for Orchestral Audition
My eight years as principal cello of the Philharmonia seem almost a distant cherished memory and yet the nostalgia of hearing my old friends and colleagues perform in the multi medias often brings me back to those wonderful times. Even though my time there was filled with exciting projects with wonderful conductors performing in some of the best venues in the world, there were also some not so glamourous parts of the job that we all were less than looking forward to… this being the bi-annual cello auditions.
I probably sat through more than two dozen auditions in my early years as principal and I quickly realised that 95% of the auditionees did not know how to show themselves in the best light, nor did they seem to understand what we were looking for in order to secure a successful audition which may lead to a successful trial.
Having recently sat through similar type auditions in some of the music colleges in London, it has come to my attention that many young people are not necessarily given enough guidance as to how to prepare and present themselves as well as possible for what most of them will be looking for; an orchestral job in UK.
Now I realise that my own criteria may be focused on the UK orchestral scene, but nevertheless, as UK orchestra players often lead the way around the world as a fine example, I feel that my humble suggestions may be relevant.
The following suggestions may be evident but I would firstly recommend taking a similar approach for an orchestral audition as of a concert recital or concerto.
Concertos-
One is usually asked for the usual suspects such as Haydn C or D Concerto with Cadenza, Dvorak Concerto and often a piece of your own choice. Of course this repertoire may be slightly extended if you audition for a principal chair. It's important to grab the attention of the panel immediately with a good sound. Your free choice piece should be something that best represents you, something that makes you show off your best qualities. Remember that they are looking for an addition to their section and not another soloist to handle. Although my personal love of Contemporary Music is so strong and involved that I commission at least one new piece every year, for the purpose of orchestral auditions I would recommend staying away from hardcore modern music written in the last 10 years as this could most likely leave the adjudicators feeling restless. I also recommend staying away from Bach Suites movements, as it is far too personal and everyone has their own (often greatly varied) opinion as to what makes an ideal interpretation.
Your audition starts the moment that you walk in; you are assessed from the moment you enter the room, the way you hold yourself is as important as the way you tune your instrument. Grounded confidence and a serious approach without being too tense goes a long way in your favour.
When performing Haydn and Dvorak Concerti, remember that the jury is made out of cellists who have accompanied the best performances of these pieces by great legends of the cello world and they are not looking for the next Yo-Yo Ma or Steven Isserlis to join their section. Your approach to these pieces as a performance apart from the obvious need to be technically perfect, will show your musical intelligence, your stylistic knowledge and application as well as your ability to cope under pressure – something orchestral musicians need to be able to deliver on a daily basis. So focus on these criterias.
How often have I heard some very fine performances of these concertos during auditions where a young cellist wanted to stand out with their stylistic interpretation which only resulted in some of the panel members comparing these in a negative manner to more traditional approaches. I do not mean to only “play for the jury” exclusively, but you must keep in mind what they are looking for as basic criteria by them listening to your audition.
You will most likely perform these pieces with an official accompanist and may find that due to the short amount of time available to rehearse prior to the audition, there may be some tempo changes which are not what you have agreed to or are used to. This can also be part of the test; your ability to cope and adjust will show the panel your ensemble skills. After all, you are joining a section of at least 11 other cellists and one's ability to quickly adjust is vital in this world.
Excerpts-
Your excerpts should be prepared as importantly if not more so than your chosen repertoire. One little hint: do some research, as it is most likely you will find recordings of the excerpts you are playing for your audition by the orchestra you are auditioning for and this may give you many clues as to tempos, phrasing and general markings. Each orchestra has its own traditional way of performing these pieces and it would put you ahead of the game to know these and apply them to your performance of the excerpts in the audition.
I remember very well Dudamel on their first contact with the Philharmonia as a young conductor in a masterclass led by Dohnanyi. Dudamel was very much at home with the orchestra and vice versa. Of course talent helps, but they did tell me that they must have listened to just about every single recording the orchestra had made in its history – not bad considering that the Philharmonia is the most recorded orchestra in the world.
Do the markings and bowings that were sent with the excerpts. It is often good to do what is in a part, as these are usually the parts the actual section uses themselves.
Show as much sound quality and articulation differences between the excerpts as possible; Brahms has a certain flavour that is very different to Strauss or Beethoven, for example, and showing these subtle and not so subtle differences will show the panel how aware you are of the stylistic differences.
You may be asked to repeat one of these excerpts with some feed back from the panel, listen carefully and apply it as much as possible, this is more vital than you may think.
Sight-reading-
Sight-reading in the UK orchestral scene will be inevitable, I remember my audition sight-reading for the Philharmonia was horrendously difficult. The page was black with notes and markings and all I remember is feeling a little shell-shocked afterwards, but here are a few useful hints which helped me get through it, because, yes, it is all about getting through it without stopping.
Firstly take some time to just read the music in your head. Read the tempo markings or any other informations that may be written at the beginning of the piece, as well as any tempo changes. I know it may seem obvious, but you would be surprised at the number of auditionees that failed to read the tempo marking and started to play twice as fast as written, partly fuelled by nerves.
The metronome can be a very useful friend to have during your preparation if your inner pulse is not strong enough! Use it properly, as it is not there to just keep you company. It can be one of the most important tools to prepare for your audition as the panel will be looking at rhythm and tempos and these are some of the most important things to ace.
Read all the dynamics carefully, read all the articulation markings, watch for key changes, watch for tempo changes or speed related markings such as rubatos, ritenutos, stringendos, etc. Make mental notes of each of these, visualise and map out in your head the dangerous areas.
Take your time, breathe and remember the tempo, once you start make sure you don't rush, stick to your pulse… not heart beat pulse as it may go too fast under pressure, but your mental pulse!
After having played it once through, you may be given the opportunity to play it again with some pointers from the jury. If so, listen to them carefully. If you are not sure that you understood, ask them politely to expand and do your best to take things on board. This is one of the most important things for your audition, taking things on board. It will show your ability to adjust your playing freely and quickly.
If sight reading is not your strength, practice it daily, it is a skill that can be learned. I have fond memories while I was at the GSMD of Sundays spent sight reading dozens of quartets, trios, quintets with David Takeno at their house, something I have always encouraged my own cello students to do on a regular basis. The most important thing to remember with this practice is to not rehearse and never stop! It is about getting through as much information as possible in a performance type situation and apply it to your playing.
What not to do-
Should your audition go well and you arrive at the sight-reading and somehow feel a moment of panic; calm down, breathe, take a minute and have a go, we are all human and so is the panel of cellists listening to you, remember this! You may want to follow on the traditional advice of trying to imagine the jury naked on the toilet… but this might make you laugh more than anything else, which may have a counterproductive result to your attempt.
As long as you don't do what a mysterious young French cellist did during their Philharmonia audition: after performing a flawless Dvorak, Haydn and some very good excerpts, I proceeded to ask them if they would mind now doing the sight-reading that was on the stand.
Their reply, as they stood up and made their way out slowly, was, ” Alas “… That was it, we never saw them again.
What to do-
This is a job interview as well as an artistic performance and you will be assessed for your performance presentation and the manner in which you also present yourself as a person. Remember, these are the potential colleagues together with whom you will be sharing a lot of your daily time. I know it sounds cliche but, “Be yourself”, as long as it is the, “Be yourself… on good behaviour version”.
I recommend paying extra attention to your excerpts, special attention to rhythm, intonation, dynamics and style. Also, recording one's self and pretending to be your own judge whilst listening back may illuminate certain areas of your playing that you had overlooked. This will help you to hear where you are doing things you didn't realise you were doing or mean to do, and alternatively, you will also hear where you thought you were doing something but it just didn't come through enough.
One last thing: should you be one of the lucky ones to recognise the sight reading you are asked to do having recently played it, and thus successfully performing it should you be asked during the audition process how you feel the sight reading went, don't be holier than the Pope by admitting that you know it and have recently played it.
My conclusions are: be smart, prepare well and present yourself in the best light, but do your homework diligently! Remember that orchestral work – chamber or symphony – is like doing chamber music at the highest level with a slightly larger group of people, so show your abilities to adapt, to take on feed back and show you can bring something to an already well established section. Good luck!
Public school administrators have to consider numerous factors when deciding when class ought to be in session. Add religion into the mix of considerations and rational planning becomes impossible. If compelled to balance competing claims from all religious believers (and, for the sake of fairness, nonbelievers) with practical matters such as weather, national civic holidays, and children's (and adults') needs for days off, then the absurdity of interrupting education for religious holidays becomes immediately apparent.
Consider a few episodes that tip the scale of schedule-setting toward the nonsensical. In March 2015, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that, starting the following year, public school students would get days off to observe two Islamic holidays. “The Muslim faith is one of the fastest growing in this city and in this nation,” de Blasio explained. “Many, many city students celebrate Eid-al Fitr at the end of Ramadan and Eid al-Adha at the end of the annual pilgrimage to Mecca.” Yet if raw demographic calculations like this determine when students receive instruction, then what if it were demonstrated that there were more nonbelievers than Muslims in New York? Would Darwin Day (on or around February 12) or the National Day of Reason (the first Thursday in May) then get added to the holiday calendar? What about the many, many more city students who do not observe Eid-al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha? What about other groups who claim their beliefs require this or that day off? Where does it end?
Around the same time de Blasio flaunted their “respect for one of the great faiths of this earth,” teachers in Cranston, Rhode Island, complained that respect for one religion amounted to disrespect for another. Teachers' requests to observe the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah the previous fall were approved by the city's school department, but teachers were not allowed to take off the Christian holiday of Good Friday, according to the Cranston Teachers' Alliance. The school committee had agreed in June 2014 to hold classes on Yom Kippur, Rosh Hashanah, and Good Friday, but after 2015's bad Good Friday, the teachers' union wanted the religious holidays reinstated. Equity was “the big concern here,” insisted a union representative. (It might bear mentioning that Cranston's population is predominantly Christian and only about 3 percent Jewish. If all Christian teachers opted to take time off on a holiday they'd previously agreed to work, it would essentially mean closing the schools, which would not be the case if all Jewish teachers took Yom Kippur and Rosh Hashanah. Even so, this is hardly the sole consideration or shouldn't be anyway.)
Perhaps not irrelevantly, after a federal judge in 2012 ruled that a prayer mural at Cranston High School West was unconstitutional, the student on behalf of whom the American Civil Liberties Union had sued became the target of derision from local lawmakers and received violent threats. At the time, the school committee wanted the mural addressed to “Our Heavenly Father” to remain in place, according to the teachers' union. Equity for some more than others seems to be the policy.
Of course, kerfuffles over holding school on religious holidays really reveal conniving liberals' antireligious schemes—at least in the view of certain Fox-News types. After Boston, Massachusetts, endured its snowiest winter on record, and thus an unusually high number of snow days, the nearby town of Easton decided to hold classes on Rosh Hashanah, Yom Kippur, and Good Friday rather than extend the school year even later into summer. As a guest on the March 16, 2015, episode of the Fox program Outnumbered, Representative Sean Duffy of Wisconsin spied a secularist plot, which they outlined thusly: “Don't let any good crisis go to waste, and if you want to take religion out of the public square, look at Boston and look at all the snow and say, ‘What a great reason now, we can take these religious holidays out of our school system… It's using the crisis to the liberal benefit.'” The hosts agreed, with Jedediah Bila recommending starting school earlier instead of convening on holidays and Andrea Tantaros summarizing confusedly, “This is what happens when liberal academic Boston meets ethnic Boston.” Forget basic realities like already-arranged summer jobs for teachers and already-planned summer vacations for families, contracted work hours, and the already-complicated logistics of getting kids to school on time—not to mention that teaching students might take precedence over closing for holidays that not all of them celebrate anyway. No, what matters, in this line of thinking, are respecting religion.
Perhaps it is unfair to have purportedly nondenominational breaks, like many winter and summer recesses, coinciding with Christian holidays such as Christmas and Easter without similarly accommodating Jews, Muslims, atheists and all other non-Christians, and disregarding all other practical considerations to make sure doors stay closed on a growing number of religious holidays is no solution. Certainly, having schools involved in assessing which holidays require attending religious services and prohibit work (and thus can be taken off by the observant) and which others do not, as happened in Cranston, is not a viable way to run a public school system, and neither is closing on more and more days as certain religious groups increase their population shares in certain places, as happened in New York City.
I'll end on a personal note. As a non-Catholic who did time at a Catholic school, I recall no consideration of days off for non-Christian religious holidays. Perhaps my alma mater provided one of those inadvertent useful lessons that parochial schools sometimes do: let religious institutions close their doors on whatever supposedly holy days they want and, conversely, let nonreligious institutions, which is what public schools are, or should be, close for civic holidays like Presidents' Day (as well as snow days) and stay out of the religion business altogether. After all, that's the only practical way to treat various religions equitably and with the respect they deserve.
Usain Bolt in Sydney Photo: BridgeClimb Sydney via Getty Images
After a seasonal lull at the beginning of the year, Australia's property auction market sprang back to life last week with more than 2,000 homes going under the hammer.
And while there were more properties up for sale, it was a familiar story on how each individual market performed.
Sydney's market remains red hot, leading continued strong gains in Australia's other southeastern capitals.
“There were 2,280 dwellings taken to auction this week, significantly increasing from 1,591 over the previous week, with 77.0% of auctions reported as successful,” said CoreLogic.
“The larger number of auctions was driven by a substantial rise across the Sydney and Melbourne markets, while the number of auctions held actually saw a decrease across the smaller capital cities over the week.”
This table from CoreLogic shows the performance of each capital city market last week. Sydney, again, recorded the strongest preliminary auction clearance rate at 83.5%, beating out Canberra and Melbourne for top spot during the week.
Source: CoreLogic
From a national perspective, auction volumes were down slightly from the levels reported in the same corresponding week in 2016, contributing to the higher clearance rate.
And, as seen in the table below from CoreLogic, the strength in Sydney's auction market continued to feed through to higher prices being paid.
Last week alone, CoreLogic said prices in the city increased by a further 0.6%, leaving the gain over the past month at an uncomfortably high 2.6%.
From a year earlier, the median dwelling price in Sydney has now soared by 17.4%.
After accepting an advisory role to the New South Wales government last week to tackle housing affordability in the state, it's clear that former Reserve Bank of Australia governor Glenn Stevens will have their work cut out if recent form is anything to go by.
Of the other mainland state capitals, CoreLogic said prices rose by 0.3% and 0.2% respectively in Melbourne and Brisbane while those in Adelaide and Perth fell, according to its
In weighted terms, prices rose by 0.3% across the nation's capitals over the week, thanks largely to the gains reported in Sydney and Melbourne, the largest markets in the country.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
WHY IT MATTERS
The latest financial update comes on the heels of a recent discussion about whether Boston Beer should sell, raised just a month ago when Credit Suisse suggested a change in ownership structure might benefit the company. This has become an annual refrain after it was posed in 2016 whether a Constellation Brands takeover would make sense.
For the past year, CEO Martin Roper has said the exact same thing regarding an effort to change Boston Beer's fortunes, literally and figuratively. First, the company must return its Samuel Adams and Angry Orchard brands to prominence, while also focusing on “cost savings and efficiency projects to fund the investments needed to grow our brands.”
That's yet to fully come to fruition.
Since 2010, Boston Beer has had to redefine itself away from its namesake product. The percentage of beer produced as part of its overall portfolio has declined more than 30% in that timeframe, hovering around 57% at the end of last year. That trajectory threatens the company's "craft" designation from the Brewers Association, which requires that a “craft brewer” have a majority of its total beverage alcohol volume produced in beer.
Angry Orchard, while holding around half the volume in U.S. cider sales, is still the lead dog in a declining category. Overall cider sales were down almost 10% through the first half of 2017, and the only reason it wasn't worse was because of consumer shift from mass to “craft” cider, which has seen fast growth.
Across the board, the brands on which Boston Beer built its nationwide empire are struggling. According to IRI tracked data comparing the first 39 weeks of 2017 against 2016 in multi-outlet and convenience retail channels, the whole Sam Adams family of beers was down 18.3% in dollar sales and Angry Orchard sales decreased 5.7%. Meanwhile, Twisted Tea (+20.1%) and Truly Spiked Hard Seltzer (+312.6%) are gaining plenty of attention from drinkers. Flavored Malt Beverages typically see quick rises and falls among brands, but there's some reason to think these two brand families may extend beyond a flashy trend.
The Twisted Tea family of brands has long been on a run, doubling in IRI-tracked sales over the past five years, and is on pace to surpass total dollar sales from grocery, convenience, and other off-premise stores compared to the packaged collection of Sam Adams beers. Truly Spiked Hard Seltzer, getting a boost from a national rollout and being a new product, is part of the overall cache of hard seltzer, which has essentially gone from nothing to 1.5% of the FMB segment in the past two years.
This has left Roper and Koch in a difficult position where their company continues to release new beer products, hoping one sticks. Notably, a new Lager-Ale hybrid, Sam '76, will be the next attempt, combining a collection of topical trends between a “sessionable” offering at 4.7% ABV with Citra, Mosaic, Simcoe, Galaxy, and Cascade hops packaged in a “bright, golden Lager.” During the earnings call, it was also announced the brewery will release a New England IPA (Sam Adams) and a rosé-inspired cider (Angry Orchard) in 2018.
The problem facing all of these new brands is maintaining relevance beyond their debuts. Recent releases by Boston Beer have seen great success initially, only to fizzle out. Rebel IPA, for example, had the biggest initial showing of any craft beer when it first arrived in 2014 ($26.2 million, per IRI), increased sales in 2015 ($30.8 million), but has lost ground since. Overall dollar sales in IRI-tracked outlets was at $20.7 million through the first nine months of 2017, which is nothing to be disappointed with, but also comes after a nationwide ad blitz to promote a completely reformulated recipe once sales started to slip last year.
A drastic—although perhaps orchestrated—effort has seen last year's nitro lineup of Coffee Stout, IPA, and White Ale almost disappear completely. The three brands sold more than $7 million in IRI stores in 2016 and accounted for just more than $1 million halfway through October 2017.
Meanwhile, the Twisted Tea family of FMBs already set a new personal record for IRI dollar sales through the first nine months of 2017 ($199.3 million), easily surpassing 2016's total ($166 million). And the Truly family of hard seltzers is a rocket ship, more than quadrupling last year's debut in dollar sales through the end of September ($8.4 million to $35.6 million). Sam Adams has a sizeable amount of draft sales, but in grocery and similar stores, IRI shows that beer has been just 35% of the company's U.S. volume through the end of September, with FMBs taking the plurality at 40%. Cider accounted for 25%.
It all feels so foreign coming from a business started with a malt-forward Vienna Lager, not to mention a business run by Koch, who long decried IPAs. The need to diversify offerings and spend more on advertising and promotions—another increase of up to $25 million is expected for 2018—seems rather un-Boston Beer as well. But that's simply romantic thinking, not the necessity that comes with running a business that now competes with the world's largest beer companies in addition to all the upstart craft brewers that enter the market on a daily basis—two things of which Jim Koch is fully aware.
In 2017, it's becoming clearer that the goal of Boston Beer isn't just to grow and keep investors happy, but also find ways to push back these tides a bit longer or find a way to ride them out. For now, that means releasing a New England IPA and rosé-flavored cider. What else might 2018 hold?
—Bryan Roth
Notes: The Victoria Pier (as then named) opened by Princess Victoria (just before they became Queen) in 1833 and with the opening of Southampton railway Station in 1840 passengers were conveyed to the pier steamers by horse drawn omnibus. The pier was used by steamers to the Channel Islands, Le Havre and the Isle of Wight. A tramway from Southampton station (renamed Southampton Docks in 1858) to the Town Quay had been laid down by 1847, The tramway connected to the the LSWR main line via a wagon-turntable, so passenger carriages could not access it. In 1864 a floating pontoon and bridge were incorporated at the angle of pier neck and head. The tracks were extended to a new station on the pier in 1871 with a new direct connection at Southampton Docks station allowing trains to run through and on to the pier with between 5 and 7 trains a day. The construction of the station required the removal of the floating pontoon. The LSWR had leased the horse drawn tramway since 1851 and sought to run a steam service from the Docks station and, despite much opposition from vested interests, the service began in September 1876 with a speed limit of 5mph although the station didn't appear in public timetables until January 1891. In 1896 Southampton Docks was renamed Southampton Town (for Docks).
Royal Pier and station in 1888 Initially, the pier station consisted of just a single open wooden platform with a run round loop for the loco, but when the pier was substantially rebuilt and enlarged in 1892, a new station was constructed with two platforms, each complete with canopies opening on 2nd June 1892; a pier head pavilion was added in 1894. Photographic evidence suggests that early services used both platforms but subsequently, only the westerly platform was used in operations. After the turn of the century passenger numbers began to decline, and the service was suspended from the autumn of 1913, although partially reinstated the following spring.
Royal Pier and station in 1918 The station and track had badly deteriorated by the outbreak of WWI and passenger services officially ceased on 1st October 1914 but some troop movements were carried out during the hostilities. Southampton Town (for Docks) station was renamed Southampton Terminus in 1923 It seems that sometime after the war a ship had collided with the pier and damaged the already semi derelict infrastructure and track. The cost of restoration was considered too costly and most of the railway, including the station, was removed in the early 1920s but despite the loss of the railway the busy Red Funnel ferry routes continued to flourish. The pier pavilion was extended in 1922 and a new domed pier entrance building was added in 1930. By 1979, the pier was becoming unsafe and was not economic to maintain and it closed in 1982. Plans to rejuvenate the pier were formulated and the Victorian entrance was restored, and re-opened as a pub/restaurant in 1986. Further regeneration was cut short in 1987 when a serious fire completely destroyed the pavilion and bandstand at the pier head. A subsequent fire in 1992 destroyed much of the pier neck and caused serious damage to the conservatory at the rear of the gatehouse. Today the pier remains as a charred ruin although there have been numerous plans to restore it and in November 2007 a mixed-use development of housing, shops, bars and restaurants was proposed. So far the 1930 entrance building has been restored reopening as Kuti's Thai Restaurant but no other restoration work has started. For more pictures of Southampton Road Pier see Simplon Postcards web site. See also Southampton Terminus & Northam
It feels like this is a list we should revisit every so often, especially as games change, games launch, and games die in the world of MMORPGs. The following is a list we compiled using something we like to call “our hearts and minds and asses”. In short, it's not scientific, definitive, or in any way gospel. Our Top 10 Great MMOs of All Time list is merely our own thoughts, put to paper. We absolutely welcome your own insight, and soon we'll begin a poll of our users to catalog the Players' Choice for 2017 too.
Now, let's get on with it!
advertisement advertisement
This list was insanely hard to whittle down. And we also didn't want to make it entirely about old games that no longer have the limelight. Similarly, there haven't been very many new MMOs in the past decade that hold a candle to the games that started it all. And it's also true that we don't include some of the largest games that are still big today in Asian territories - mainly because the bulk of this site is English speaking and in the EU or NA territories. So we focused more on games that do well here.
In short, this list is mostly just us struggling to show love to every game we've adored, and can be taken with a grain of salt. As we update it every year or more, it can and will change.
Honorable Mentions: Asheron's Call, Lord of the Rings Online, The Secret World, Rift, Black Desert, Meridian 59, Lineage 1 and 2, EverQuest 2, Planetside, Maple Story, Runescape, SWTOR and so many more. Maybe we'll have to do a top 40 like Casey Kasem soon.
Number 10: Final Fantasy XIV
If for no other reason, FFXIV deserves a spot on this list for being the only MMORPG that was ever dead on arrival only to be shut down and resurrected into something truly sublime. Loved by millions of Final Fantasy fans across the globe, FFXIV is a testament to what a studio can do with care for its fans, reverence for its IP, a focus on core ideals, and polish.
Number 9: City of Heroes
I don't want to make the next two games “In Memoriam”, but it might be unavoidable. City of Heroes was once one of the largest MMORPGs ever released, and earned the nickname “The Widowmaker” because it was one of the first MMOs to break free from the fantasy trope and hit a section of gamer that wasn't just into D&D. It's so missed to this day that there are a handful of independent fan projects looking to carry its mantle. Until then, fans of CoH can only play their favorite NPCs in NCSOFT's MXM.
Number 8: Star Wars Galaxies
Star Wars Galaxies was a mess at launch. But goddamn, what a beautiful mess it was. It was a Star Wars fan's' dream game. A living breathing universe to start life in as whatever kind of scoundrel, farm boy, dancer, or pilot you wanted to be. It had player-made villages, endless horizons, and though it suffered a fate it didn't deserve, it's hard not to miss the broad stroke of genius it represented. The limitless possibilities it offered.
Number 7: Elder Scrolls Online
ESO launched just a scant few years ago. It didn't immediately wow critics and fans, with such high expectations off the back of Skyrim. But through earnest and passionate development, ESO has become of the brightest spots in modern MMORPGs. It's my own personal favorite game of the past several years, and rightfully earns a spot on this list. In time, it could even move up the ladder. But first, it'll have to overtake its spiritual forebear.
Number 6: Dark Age of Camelot
A large number of the team responsible for Number 7: ESO just so happen to be the folks behind the game that coined the term RVR: Dark Age of Camelot. Pitting three mythological realms of fantasy against one another, DAOC is renowned for its intense and lasting PVP thrills. To this day, a cadre of fans flocks endlessly to Dark Age in order to partake in its neverending war. Few games can claim this long of a lifespan. And though its heyday is long-passed, DAOC remains one of the most influential MMOs of all time.
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — A water main break caused a major disruption for commuters in the North Hills after crews had to shut down McKnight Road for hours this morning; but part of the busy thoroughfare is back open to traffic again.
McKnight Road was closed to traffic between Siebert and Peebles Roads; but PennDOT re-opened the southbound lanes of the roadway around 9:30 a.m.
According to Jim Struzzi from PennDOT, one northbound lane is also now open; but two northbound lanes are still closed for now.
Struzzi says those northbound lanes “will remain closed until repairs are completed.”
Approximately 40,000 vehicles travel on the busy roadway every day, so the closure has been causing a major disruption for drivers.
Crews also responded to another water main break on nearby Perry Highway; and police have been busy dealing with the traffic issues caused by the restrictions.
Officers were also dispatched to alert parents and kids that their school buses may be late or even unable to reach the stops.
The North Hills School District announced that students in the Johanna/Teal Trace area and Waldorf Apartments would not have bus service this morning. In addition, the district warns that other buses will likely be running late.
Ross Park Mall also shut down with the earlier closure of McKnight Road; but the mall reopened at 10:30 a.m.
At this point, though, it is still not clear when the road will completely reopen to traffic.
Stay with KDKA for more on this developing story
TRENTON -- Gov. Chris Christie coached Donald Trump prior to the final GOP presidential debate and is becoming a key conduit to the candidate for policy experts, donors and potential backers who now believe they will be the Republican nominee, NJ Advance Media has learned.
Christie, who was initially criticized and ridiculed for endorsing the GOP front-runner after pulling the plug on their own White House bid, has become far more than simply a high-profile presence on Trump's campaign trail.
A member of Christie's inner circle confirmed the governor took time from their 30th wedding anniversary vacation in Florida to help Trump with "debate prep" at the real estate mogul's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach on March 9, a day ahead of the last Republican debate in Miami.
Christie was invited to help ready Trump after the previous GOP debate in Detroit was widely mocked when Trump and U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio exchanged thinly veiled references to the size of their genitalia.
"It was fairly informal -- Trump doesn't do a 'mock' debate," said the individual with knowledge of the exchange, who is not authorized to talk publicly and requested anonymity.
The next Republican debate was a much tamer affair, and Trump faced far less criticism following it.
Christie has fended off questions about whether they had visited the ultra-exclusive Mar-a-Lago as a guest of Trump during the governor's 30th anniversary vacation in Florida two weeks ago.
At a March 3 Statehouse press conference, Christie told the New Jersey press corps that when they last saw Trump, they told the business person: "You won't see me for a while, because next week is my anniversary."
How Christie can help Trump at GOP convention
But on March 8, Trump asked whether Christie was in the room during a televised press conference at Mar-a-Lago to talk about that day's primaries. The governor did not appear.
When Christie was asked last Friday, they balked at the question.
A spokesperson for the governor, Kevin Roberts, declined to address Christie's part in preparing Trump for the GOP debate during their Florida visit or their larger role in the Trump campaign. In an email to NJ Advance Media on Wednesday afternoon, Roberts wrote: "The governor was on vacation with their family."
A spokesperson for Trump's campaign, Hope Hicks, did not respond to emails and calls seeking comment.
Experts say the disclosure about their role in preparing Trump for the debate suggests an expanding role for Christie in Trump's presidential bid.
"Christie is clearly making the transition from endorser to enabler and positioning themselves to be a major player in the Trump camp." David M. Kennedy, a presidential historian.
Edward 'Ted' Newton, who led the research effort for Mitt Romney's vice-presidential vetting process on Christie four years ago, said helping Trump with debate prep illustrates Christie's standing.
"Leading the debate prep, as Christie has, or the VP candidate search, as Dick Cheney did, fosters a strong relationship and a great level of trust," Newton said. "It's natural for that person to see themselves becoming a potential running mate."
Christie took a big risk in endorsing Trump last month. The governor's closest advisers warned them that there could be blow-back, and there was.
Two days after the endorsement, Meg Whitman, the Christie campaign's national finance co-chair, derided it is as "an astonishing display of political opportunism."
When the governor appeared with Trump at a March 1 Mar-a-Lago press conference to discuss their Super Tuesday wins, Christie's awkwardly pained expression became both an internet meme and fodder for "Saturday Night Live."
But now that Trump is rapidly tightening their grasp on the Republican nomination, sources in the governor's camp say Christie is becoming "the conduit back for people who are now trying to help him."
"People are asking, 'Can you help me get involved?' on both the policy front and as endorsers and donors," one said. "They're trying to get there through him, and in that sense, he's become very impactful."
Harvard University professor Joseph S. Nye, Jr., North American chairperson of the Trilateral Commission and a foreign policy adviser to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, thinks the idea of Christie becoming a portal for Trump's campaign is "certainly plausible," particularly among policy experts.
"There are so few avenues to Trump," said Nye, noting that earlier this month, 100 leading Republican foreign policy and national defense experts signed an open letter calling Trump "utterly unfitted" to be commander-in-chief.
Trump's relative isolation from foreign policy wonks means that Christie serves as a legitimate point of contact, "because they were the first of the (GOP field) to endorse him," Nye said.
Claude Brodesser-Akner may be reached at cbrodesser@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @ClaudeBrodesser.
Brent Johnson may be reached at bjohnson@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @johnsb01. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Sadly, we're almost out of time. The speculation about the 2014 NFL Draft is nearly over. It only seems like we've been talking about this thing for ... oh, three years or so.
Ryan Shazier and Bradley Roby are in New York, with the first round taking place Thursday night, with the Buckeyes two of the 30 prospects invited to the draft. Ohio State coach Urban Meyer will be there as well, adding some commentary for the NFL Network.
We've offered profiles and predictions on 11 Ohio State players leading up to the draft, and now here they are in one place, listed in the order that I predicted the Buckeyes would be picked. Click on the name of each player for a full draft profile on him.
The top four Buckeyes are those that we know will be drafted. After that, everyone from Corey Linsley through the six projected undrafted free agents listed have some shot to be picked, but no guarantee. How many will be picked? Vote in our poll.
Here's how many Buckeyes have been picked in each of the last 10 drafts. This should be the best one in at least a few years.
2013: 3
2012: 4
2011: 5
2010: 4
2009: 7
2008: 3
2007: 8
2006: 9
2005: 3
2004: 14
Ohio State draft predictions
First round
Pick No. 21, Green Bay: LB Ryan Shazier
Second round
Pick No. 35, Browns: CB Bradley Roby
Pick No. 50, Miami: RB Carlos Hyde
Third round
Pick No. 68, Atlanta: OT Jack Mewhort
Sixth round
Pick No. 184, Minnesota: C Corey Linsley
Undrafted free agents
Signs with Philadelphia: WR Corey Brown
Signs with New England: Kenny Guiton
Signs with the Browns: S Christian Bryant
Signs with Arizona: S C.J. Barnett
Signs with Detroit: OG Marcus Hall
Signs with Minnesota: OG Andrew Norwell
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
President Donald Trump went after the hosts of MSNBC's "Morning Joe" in a personal fashion on Twitter Thursday, calling Mika Brzezinski "crazy" and Joe Scarborough "psycho," and claiming Brzezinski's face was bleeding from a face-lift when the pair visited Mar-a-Lago around New Year's Eve.
"I hear poorly rated ‘Morning Joe' speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore)," they wrote. "Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. They were bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!"
I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
…to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. They were bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
The tweets came shortly after Trump's director of social media, Dan Scavino, also attacked the show on Twitter.
Brzezinski appeared to respond with a shot at the size of Trump's hands.
Scarborough and Brzezinski came under criticism in January when they were spotted at Trump's Florida resort on New Year's Eve. The two had already taken heat for being too friendly in their coverage of them during the Republican primary; at one point Trump thanked them on the phone for being "supporters."
However, Scarborough said they were only there to set up an interview with the then-president-elect and denied the visit was recreational.
Since Trump took office, the show has been fiercely critical of them and their administration on a near-daily basis. Brzezinski has compared Trump's presidency to a dictatorship, and Scarborough has said Trump is the greatest liar to ever occupy the White House.
The personal attack by the president is the latest chapter in a longtime love-hate relationship between Trump and the MSNBC morning show. Trump frequently called into the show during their run for the Republican nomination and was often defended by Brzezinski and Scarborough, who are now engaged.
In this appearance on Jan. 15, 2016, Trump had both hosts smiling and laughing during a live interview before the Iowa caucuses.
The relationship has become toxic since then, however, with the hosts continually blasting Trump over their controversies.
As the show became more critical, Trump tweeted in August that they would one day tell the "real story" of Scarborough and their "long-time girlfriend," calling them both clowns. The hosts had been rumored to be in a relationship, but they did not officially announce they were a couple until May.
Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and their very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2016
UPDATED 9:33 A.M.: This article was updated to include Dan Scavino's tweet.
Chris Dascher / Getty Images
The human genome has been busy over the past 5,000 years. Human populations have grown exponentially, and new genetic mutations arise with each generation. Humans now have a vast abundance of rare genetic variants in the protein-encoding sections of the genome1, 2.
A study published today in Nature3 now helps to clarify when many of those rare variants arose. Researchers used deep sequencing to locate and date more than one million single-nucleotide variants — locations where a single letter of the DNA sequence is different from other individuals — in the genomes of 6,500 African and European Americans. The findings confirm their earlier work suggesting that the majority of variants, including potentially harmful ones, were picked up during the past 5,000–10,000 years. Researchers also saw the genetic stamp of the diverging migratory history of the two groups.
The large sample size — 4,298 North Americans of European descent and 2,217 African Americans — has enabled the researchers to mine down into the human genome, says study co-author Josh Akey, a genomics expert at the University of Washington in Seattle. They add that the researchers now have “a way to look at recent human history in a way that we couldn't before.”
Akey and their colleagues were able to dig out genetic variants occurring in less than 0.1% of the sample population — a resolution that is a full order of magnitude finer than that achieved in previous studies, says Alon Keinan, a statistical geneticist at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, who was not involved with the study.
Of 1.15 million single-nucleotide variants found among more than 15,000 protein-encoding genes, 73% in arose the past 5,000 years, the researchers report.
On average, 164,688 of the variants — roughly 14% — were potentially harmful, and of those, 86% arose in the past 5,000 years. “There's so many of [variants] that exist that some of them have to contribute to disease,” says Akey
Genetic bottleneck
The researchers found that the European Americans had a larger proportion of potentially harmful variants — probably an artefact of their original migration out of Africa. The first small group of humans that left Africa for Europe experienced a sudden drop in genetic diversity — a ‘bottleneck' — owing to the smaller pool of possible mating partners. In the rapid expansion in population size that followed, selection was slow to catch up to and weed out potentially harmful mutations.
More broadly, the results suggest that humans are carrying around larger numbers of deleterious mutations than they did a few thousand years ago. But this doesn't mean that humans now are more susceptible to disease, says Akey. Rather, it suggests that most diseases arecaused by more than one variant, and that diseases could operate through different genetic pathways and mechanisms in different people.
The findings further undermine the idea that common diseases are caused by common variations, says Sarah Tishkoff, a geneticist at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. When genomics researchers first began looking at the genome for links to diseases, that was their assumption, but they quickly saw it fall short (see Nature 456, 18–21; 2008).
“This type of study nails home the point that we need to be looking at rare variation,” Tishkoff says.
As it becomes cheaper and easier to sequence individuals' genomes, researchers are likely to see finer genetic patterns and trends in the coming years. They could even see patterns of ancestry within just a few generations, says Akey.
How to fight hair loss in teenagers
We normally link hair loss with older people, particularly men, however, it's becoming more and more common for individuals in their late teens, to experience some degree of hair loss or thinning hair.
Unfortunately, when this happens, can disrupt the confidence and the social life of the teenager, as it easy to imagine.
We will recommend in this post some solutions that you can take to prevent hair loss, and of course we suggest you check the intro videos of our natural baldness treatment, in our home page (click on one of the animated banners, go to the home page and subscribe there to see now the first video), but remember to always consult with a doctor before you make changes in your diet etc.
It is intended for informational purposes only, and readers must remember to always consult a physician prior to making changes in diet or exercise regimens.
Causes of hair loss in teenagers
About 1-2 % of Americans only (including teenagers) suffer from alopecia areata, a type of baldness that occurs only in concentrated circular areas.
Other teenagers suffer from androgenetic alopecia which is the most diffuse, and affects about 2/3rds of males in the US, while female teenagers (rarely though) can experience Female pattern hair loss, in their late twenties.
This is a particular type of androgenetic alopecia that can affect young women following puberty, and it presents itself with a widening zone where the hair begins thin in a diffuse way.
For this type of alopecia, we recommend you check your hormonal secretion with your doctor, and also practicing stress management and improve your diet are important steps to do.
Unfortunately also several medicines used to treat different conditions teenagers may have, can acne medications, contraceptive medicines and drugs to cure thyroid disorders.
If this is your case, check with your doctor, and with them see which of the medicines you are on may be causing your hair loss, and try with their help to find a less risky substitute.
Teenagers can suffer from hair thinning too
Naturally, eating healthy plays an important role in your hair's health, so make sure to include in your diet, lots of veggies and macronutrients, vitamins and minerals that your body needs to be healthy in general.
Avoid junk food, get more information about the ideal diet in this link: https://endhairloss.eu/how-to-prevent-male-hair-loss/ideal-diet-follow-order-help-stop-hair-loss/
and make sure to know better our natural program to stop baldness, watching the intro videos at www.endhairloss.eu (subscribe first, and we will send you the videos to your mail Inbox!).
The New England Patriots are going to uncork the next wave in offensive strategy and it involves role players that no one wants. Surprise, surprise.
In 2007, the Patriots used Wes Welker, a tiny receiver that didn't match the size/speed combination of a #1 receiver, and transformed them into the greatest slot receiver in league history. Welker became the engine that moved the sticks for the best offense in league history.
In 2010, the Patriots drafted a duo of undervalued tight ends in Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez and started the two-tight end offense that no opposing defense had the personnel to match. No team has been able to replicate New England's success with those two players, but many have tried (including the Indianapolis Colts with Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen).
Now it's time for a new wave and it takes the combination of undersized players at an undervalued role and turns them into an absolute nightmare for the opposing defense.
Good luck stopping these jitterbugs. https://t.co/kV16zbYXct — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) August 26, 2015
Prior to the 2014 draft, the Philadelphia Eagles sent a mere 5th round pick to the New Orleans Saints to acquire running back and pioneer Darren Sproles. Sproles rewarded Philadelphia with their seventh straight 650+ yard season, picking up 329 rushing yards and 387 receiving yards.
It's easy to say that Chip Kelly underutilized Sproles, too, as the back collected zero passing targets against the formidable Seahawks and Rams defensive lines. Shane Vereen, in a similar role with New England, posted 12 targets against the Seahawks in the Super Bowl, changing the game in the Patriots favor.
The Saints used the 5th round pick on linebacker Ronald Powell, who saw three snaps in the 2014 regular season, and currently isn't practicing due to injury.
Score one for Chip.
The Patriots have stocked their roster with pass-catching running backs and they mean to use them in 2015. After selecting James White in the 4th round of the 2014 draft, the Patriots added Dion Lewis and Travaris Cadet in the off-season. All three are known for their receiving prowess. Add in Brandon Bolden, who stepped up whenever Vereen was injured, and the Patriots have four players that are threats out of the backfield. Even LeGarrette Blount wants to be more involved in the passing game.
As Cadet has been injured, and Bolden and Blount are close to roster locks as it gets, head coach Bill Belichick and offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels have been giving White and Lewis plenty of opportunities to show their value. They've even started to use them on the same play.
I counted six plays where the Patriots featured both Lewis and White in the backfield and the results were positive. The Patriots collected three first downs, including the first play on the game-winning drive, a touchdown, and a 2-yard and 7-yard gain on first down.
The biggest value? The Saints had absolutely no idea what was coming at them. McDaniels used each play to build off the prior and every single play was different. Here's the story.
Play #1
Result: A 7-yard gain on first down.
This is a fairly simple set screen for Lewis to run down the field. A necessary block by Shaq Mason springs them for a gain, but the value of White on the far side of the field is also simple. The edge rusher slows their rush in case the ball is going to White, and the linebacker runs to the far side of the field to cover.
Had the Patriots blockers all gotten to their points (Mason has to dive to block and David Andrews is slow down the field), Lewis would have plenty of space to cut back in the middle of the field. Instead, the quality play by the Saints defense ruins the Patriots formation and Lewis still picks up seven yards.
Play #2
Result: A 4-yard gain for a first down to Chris Harper on 4th and 2.
In the first play, the far side edge rusher slowed their rush and stepped outside in case the pass was to White. In this play, they repeat the same motion, opening up a wide passing lane directly to Harper. Harper runs a great route to box out the single coverage and no one is close enough to make a play on Jimmy Garoppolo's dart.
Play #3
Two backs #3 James White sets out wide after the huddle. No motion. CB coverage. Lewis TD. https://t.co/qVVzaR0lyP — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) August 26, 2015
Result: An 11-yard touchdown run on 1st and goal after a penalty.
I really wish there was a goal line camera for this play. This isn't a no huddle play, but the Patriots use White outside, directly out of the break. The two-running back formation was likely to test the Saints defensive personnel. If New Orleans countered the Patriots two-back set with a base defensive look, then New England would likely have thrown the ball. Instead, the Saints were in the nickel and the Patriots responded with a run up the middle against a smaller defense.
An important lesson? The Saints treat White and Lewis as receivers more than running backs, so any time the Patriots use these two backs, the Saints will use personnel to stay and cover.
Play #4
Result: A 10-yard gain for a first down to Chris Harper on 3rd and 2.
The Saints play seven in the box against this two-back set, with a single high safety. This tells Garoppolo that a quick pass to the sideline will be the play due to the coverage. The quarterback does a good job of looking down the center of the field to freeze the safety before firing a dart to Harper on the outside.
The two running backs stay in to chip against the Saints blitz, with Lewis leaking out to the near side while the ball is thrown. The Patriots win the numbers game with seven blockers against the six Saints pass rushers, giving Garoppolo a beautiful pocket to throw a strike to Harper.
Play #5
Two backs #5 White sets wide out of the huddle. https://t.co/exMitt32gc — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) August 26, 2015
Result: A 2-yard gain on first down.
You can see White running to the far side of the field out of the huddle. You know how Lewis' touchdown run was against the nickel package? Well, the Saints are in base with three linebackers, which means that the Patriots are going to respond with a passing play to Lewis.
Right tackle Cameron Fleming didn't do their job, or else Lewis would still be running to this day. Fleming was supposed to cut block the edge defender to get them to the ground, and then Lewis would have Chris Harper and Brandon Gibson blocking down field.
But we can see how McDaniels uses prior plays and the Saints responses to these plays in order to build up future success.
Play #6
Two backs #6 White starts wide out of the huddle. Two minute drill. Krause up the seam. https://t.co/wzv2vdgD5l — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) August 26, 2015
Result: A 22-yard gain to Jonathan Krause on 1st and 10 during the first play of the two-minute drill.
The Saints are in the nickel defense with two linebackers and a single high safety. One of their linebackers blitz Garoppolo, while the other sheds off into coverage of Lewis on the near side of the field. Garoppolo looks to Lewis and draws the safety away from Krause up the middle of the field.
The outcome? Literally no one is in the middle of the field, meaning that Garoppolo has a wide open passing lane to Krause up the seam. Garoppolo was masterful with how they dissected the Saints defense on this play.
But think of the two other times the Patriots kicked White to the sideline. When the Saints showed nickel on the two-back set, the play went to Lewis in a run for a touchdown. When the Saints showed base, the play was a pass to Lewis. The Saints understood that White was the diversion to see how New Orleans responded, but the plays both went to Lewis.
So they bit when Garoppolo looked to Lewis. And then the play went to Krause.
Conclusion
Both Lewis and White possess a similar shiftiness on the open field, while Lewis has a little more force in the running game. But Cadet was advertised as a wide receiver playing running back- so can you imagine if the 6'1 Cadet aligned outside instead of the 5'10 White? Perhaps the threat of a pass would be greater, instead of the second back acting as a decoy.
The two-back set looks to be tremendously effective and versatile and would seem to receive plenty of play against top tier defensive lines. It looks to be a formation built to take down the Seahawks- or the Bills, Jets, and Dolphins.
Belichick has found yet another inefficiency (a 5th round pick for Sproles? Really?) and will use these backs to increase the unpredictability of the New England offense. White and Lewis are just a taste. There's definitely more to come.
This IoT project tutorial describes how to build a smart plant monitoring system using IoT project that controls the plant health status. This IoT monitoring system checks some environment parameters like:
temperature,
humidity
light intensity
soil moisture
All these parameters have effects on the plant health.
All the data acquired by sensors connected to Arduino are sent to the cloud using Ubidots IoT cloud platform. This Smart plant monitoring system based on IoT can be accessed remotely using a browser so that it is possible to vefiry the plant health remotely.
In this blog, we talked already about IoT ecosystem and you know already what it means. You already know how to use IoT cloud platforms to store and retrieve data.
Smart plant system Introduction
If you are new to Internet of things, it is useful to know more about id reading my article about What is Internet of things.
It is useful to recap briefly, Internet of things is defined as:
“The internet of things (IoT) is the network of physical objects—devices, vehicles, buildings and other items—embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and network connectivity that enables these objects to collect and exchange data. The IoT allows objects to be sensed and controlled remotely across existing network infrastructure”.
Especially relevant in an IoT project is the IoT cloud platforms that store data coming from dev boards like Arduino, Raspberry and so on. Using this data, IoT cloud platforms build charts and have a built-in system to create some business rules on this information.
Moreover, Ubidots is an IoT cloud platform that not only stores data but enables users to create a dashboard to represent graphically the stored data.
In the first part of this IoT project tutorial, we will explore how to use sensors to collect environment information using Arduino and how to send this information to the cloud.
In addition, in the second part of IoT project tutorial, we will explore how to enable triggers on the sensor values stored. Moreover, we will send alert to user smartphone when some parameter value is out of the range.
IoT project tutorial: Connecting sensors to Arduino to monitor the plant health
Now it is time to describe the project in more details. The image below shows the project at work:
This IoT project tutorial uses Arduino Uno as dev board and a set of sensors:
DHT11
YL-38 + YL-69
TEMT6000
DHT11: Temperature humidity sensor
DHT11 is a sensor to measure temperature and pressure. It is a cheap sensor and suitable for Arduino, you can use more accurate sensor but the way to use it is the same.
YL-38 + YL-69: Soil moisture sensor
YL-38 + YL-69 is a sensor to measure the soil moisture. It has to be inserted into the plant soil.
TEMT6000: Light intensity
TEMT6000 is a sensor to measure the light intensity so that we can know how light the plant is receiving.
The wiring part is very simple as it is clear in the picture below:
Moreover, in the picture above, it is clear that Arduino uses an ethernet shield to connect to the network, you can use also a WIFI shield it is almost the same approach.
Read sensors with Arduino
Now that it is clear how to connect sensors to Arduino the next step, especially relevant, is reading the values to send them to the cloud. The sketch is very simple:
void loop() { float soilHum = analogRead(moisturePin); soilHum = (1023 - soilHum) * 100 /1023; Serial.println("Soil Humidty: " + String(soilHum)); // Read light float volts = analogRead(lightPin) * 5.0 / 1024.0; float amps = volts /10000.0; float microamps = amps * 1000000; float lux = microamps * 2.0; Serial.println("Lux: " + String(lux)); float h = dht.readHumidity(); float temp = dht.readTemperature(); ... }
where the dht variable is defined as:
#define DHTTYPE DHT11 .. // DHTPIN is the pin number connected to DHT11 data output DHT dht(DHTPIN, DHTTYPE);
As a result, if we load the sketch into Arduino and run it you will know the values read by sensors using the serial monitor.
Finalizing the Smart plant monitoring system
Another step is sending the data read to the cloud. In this IoT project tutorial as IoT cloud platform, we use Ubidots. If you are new to this platform and don't know how to use it, I suggest you read this tutorial named Internet of things project: Connect Arduino to Ubidots and Android. This project defines 4 variables holding values read from the sensor. Moreover, using this variable we create the dashboard.
Once the variables are configured in Ubidots, we have the variable id :
Implement Arduino sketch
It is time to modify the Arduino sketch so that it sends the values to the Ubidots and these values are stored in these variables:
#include <SPI.h> #include <Ethernet.h> #include "DHT.h" #define DHTPIN 2 #define DHTTYPE DHT11 String tempVarId = "575475df7625423fd9da9c36"; String humVarId = "575475f1762542406cb10c43"; String lightVarId = "575475fc762542410358a0c3"; String soilVarId = "5754760576254241593d4d47"; String token = "xxxxx"; byte mac[] = { 0xDE, 0xAD, 0xBE, 0xEF, 0xFE, 0xED }; char server[]="things.ubidots.com"; EthernetClient client; IPAddress ip(192, 168, 1, 40); // Arduino IP Add IPAddress myDns(8,8,8,8); IPAddress myGateway(192,168,1,1); int moisturePin = 0; int lightPin = 3; DHT dht(DHTPIN, DHTTYPE); void setup() { Serial.begin(9600); Serial.print("Starting..."); // Net connection... } void loop() { float soilHum = analogRead(moisturePin); soilHum = (1023 - soilHum) * 100 /1023; Serial.println("Soil Humidty: " + String(soilHum)); // Read light float volts = analogRead(lightPin) * 5.0 / 1024.0; float amps = volts /10000.0; float microamps = amps * 1000000; float lux = microamps * 2.0; Serial.println("Lux: " + String(lux)); float h = dht.readHumidity(); float temp = dht.readTemperature(); Serial.println("Temp: " + String(temp,2)); Serial.println("Hum: " + String(h,2)); sendValue(temp, h, lux, soilHum); delay (60000); } void sendValue(float tempValue, float humValue, float lux, float soil) { Serial.println("Sending data..."); // if you get a connection, report back via serial: int bodySize = 0; delay(2000); // Post single value to single var // String varString = "{\"value\":"+ String(tempValue) + "}"; String varString = "[{\"variable\": \"" + tempVarId + "\", \"value\":" + String(tempValue) + "}"; // Add other variables Serial.println("Connecting..."); if (client.connect(server,80)) { client.println("POST /api/v1.6/collections/values HTTP/1.1"); Serial.println("POST /api/v1.6/collections/values HTTP/1.1"); client.println("Content-Type: application/json"); Serial.println("Content-Type: application/json"); client.println("Content-Length: "+String(bodySize)); Serial.println("Content-Length: "+String(bodySize)); client.println("X-Auth-Token: "+token); Serial.println("X-Auth-Token: "+token); client.println("Host: things.ubidots.com
"); Serial.println("Host: things.ubidots.com
"); client.print(varString); } else { // if you didn't get a connection to the server: Serial.println("connection failed"); } boolean sta = client.connected(); Serial.println("Connection ["+String(sta)+"]"); if (!client.connected()) { Serial.println(); Serial.println("disconnecting."); client.stop(); } Serial.println("Reading.."); while (client.available()) { char c = client.read(); Serial.print(c); } client.flush(); client.stop(); }
Download the sketch smart plant
In conclusion, running the sketch and accessing the Ubidots dashboard we have:
Where to go from here? This project can be used in several scenarios whenever we have to monitor the soil and plant status. We can expand this project adding new features so that we can easily integrate it with other systems. For example, we can implement a notification system using Firebase so that we can send an alert when some parameters are out of specified range. Moreover, we could add an Arduino API interface so that we can read the plant status parameters using external systems.
Finally, at the end of this IoT project tutorial, you gained, hopefully, the knowledge about reading data sensors and sending the values to the cloud.
This is not the golden age of zoos. They have always posed an ethical conundrum, but in the age of social media every questionable zoological event in the world is seconds away from global outrage. There was Logan the otter, killed at the Calgary Zoo by an unauthorized pair of pants. (“It's irrelevant how exactly the pants got in there,” the zoo's curator memorably told the Herald. “It's more that the pants got in there in the first place.”) Two lions were shot to death at the Santiago Metropolitan Zoo as they mauled a naked man who was goading them. Most famously, animal-lovers fumed at the death of Harambe the gorilla, shot by employees at the Cincinnati Zoo to save the life of a toddler who had fallen into their enclosure. That was all just in 2016.
The Bowmanville Zoo, east of Toronto, shut its gates for good on Thanksgiving after animal cruelty charges against its owner, and in June Buenos Aires announced plans to shutter its 140-year-old zoo, at least partly on principle. “This situation of captivity is degrading for the animals, it's not the way to take care of them,” said mayor Horacio Rodriguez.
The Toronto Zoo, Canada's largest, has mostly escaped such controversy — though the protracted debate over what to do with its elephants, which were eventually relocated to a sanctuary in California, raised a basic question: if it's not OK to keep pachyderms in captivity for human beings to gawp at, why is it OK for any other species — especially if they're not endangered?
Falling attendance has dogged the Toronto Zoo in recent years. And even as city taxpayers subsidize it to the tune of $12 million a year, a family of four has to shell out a whopping $72 to visit. With a subsidy equivalent to 23 per cent of total revenues, zoo CEO John Tracogna notes it is more self-reliant than the Art Gallery of Ontario (38 per cent), the Royal Ontario Museum (50 per cent) and the Ontario Science Centre (55 per cent). Attendance has rebounded in 2016. And 25 years ago, Tracogna points out, the taxpayers footed more than half the bill.
That doesn't really explain why they should pay a quarter of the bill today, though. Netflix streams lots of natural history documentaries in glorious HD, including most everything from the BBC's acclaimed natural history unit. If you ask me, they're far more entertaining and educational than pottering around the zoo. As a kid, I remember being frustrated how many of the animals seemed to be asleep. And fewer and fewer kids go to the zoo on school trips nowadays anyway, for (bad, silly) reasons like “school budget restrictions, transportation costs (and) increased responsibilities of today's teachers,” William Rapley, the zoo's executive director of conservation, education and wildlife reported earlier this year.
In this environment, the Toronto Zoo is on a mission to rebrand itself, first and foremost, as a scientific and educational institution.
“A lot of people don't really see the conservation that zoos do, not only in (zoos) through (captive) breeding but out in the wild,” says Maria Frank, the zoo's curator of mammals. Zoo revenues constitute the third-largest funding source for conservation efforts in the wild, they argue, citing the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums. “People don't get that. We're not an attraction. We are a science-based, education-based organization.”
Perhaps sensing my scepticism, the zoo took me on a four-hour behind-the-scenes tour. As someone not especially fascinated by animals except as pets and as sources of protein, I was prepared to be underwhelmed. I was not. Indeed, if everyone could get that tour, they would be selling tickets months in advance.
In the reptile department, Rick Vos deftly corralled a wee Massassauga rattlesnake into a plastic container, where we could see it angrily twitching its tail in vain. (They gain their rattles as their skin sheds.) Vos is part of an effort to re-establish the rattlers in southwestern Ontario, and another decades-long project trying to save the Puerto Rican crested toad.
They inject the toads with hormones on the day they need them to breed, in order to meet strict schedules: they raise the tadpoles for one to two weeks, Vos explains, then ship them by the thousands to Puerto Rico. “Even though you might release 10,000 tadpoles, maybe five of those might make it to adulthood and breed,” says Vos. (Toads aren't much for parenting, they explain: they lay as many eggs as they can and then they bugger off and hope for the best.)
Leanne Collett is part of a zoo effort to repopulate the adjacent Rouge River valley with Blanding's turtles, the goal being to release 50 juveniles every spring for 15 years — at an unspecified location, for fear of poachers. In my unexpert opinion, they are a particularly hilarious species of turtle: a little one Collett plucked from its tank to show flailed its limbs helplessly, stuck out and retracted its neck helplessly, then just gave up. An older gentleman turtle, ironically named Captain Sunshine, looked as if they were plotting Collett's murder as they handled it.
Cynthia Lee, curator of fishes and marine invertebrates, breeds critically endangered freshwater fish from Madagascar — including one species that had recently been thought extinct — and the ngege, which was an invaluable source of protein to the people living around Lake Victoria before introduced predators and poor water quality all but got rid of them.
If your average fish isn't the sexiest zoo creature, Lee is nevertheless a good pitchwoman. They and their colleagues work with 20,000 schoolchildren a year, they say, spreading knowledge of local species and the threats to them. “They know more about rainforests,” they say of the average Toronto classroom. “The first question we ask is, ‘can you give us a Canadian endangered species?' (They answer) ‘tiger', ‘deer', we're getting into polar bears now — (but) not a fish on that list!”
Lee and their colleagues distribute plastic doohickeys full of salmon eggs to various classrooms — there's a waiting list — where students can watch them hatch and grow and then help release them into the wild.
In addition to generally spiffing up animal habitats and the visitor experience, the zoo's reimagination — as imagined in a $162 million strategic plan — includes a greater focus on, and an entire new pavilion dedicated to, Canadian species. And if that might not be the biggest commercial draw, it's easy to imagine that the new Wildlife Health Centre, slated to be finished in the spring, will be. For zoologists and veterinarians, it's a state-of-the-art medical facility. For visitors, the party piece is a viewing area where they can watch surgery being performed on everything from rattlesnakes to rhinoceroses and lions.
Surgeries might happen weekly, says Chris Dutton, the zoo's head of veterinary services, but it needn't just be for major procedures. “We do root canal treatment on large carnivores, for example, if they have a problem with their teeth. Something like that could be done in here,” they say. (I might pay money to see a lion get a root canal just for the suspense of it. Others, I suppose, might find it educational.)
On the commercial side of things, the zoo plans to examine demand-based pricing — the current discount in winter is only about 15 per cent — and a shuttle-bus service that would ferry people from point to point in inclement weather. In an effort to attract adults without their children, they're taking a page from other successful zoos and considering new event spaces; special events such as craft beer nights — an idea borrowed from the Hogle Zoo in Salt Lake City, of all places; and even an upscale hotel.
The zoo's location will always be a business challenge — it's about an hour and a half from home for me, by public transit — but the new Rouge National Urban Park next door is a huge opportunity to provide a bigger, more coherent and locally relevant nature experience. “I really think that when you come to Canada and the Toronto Zoo, that you should walk away saying ‘I was in Canada; they had a good focus on Canadian species; I learned a lot',” says Tracogna.
That's all well and good, but this zoo skeptic will admit to being won over by the distinctly un-Canadian pandas. The awake one sat upright in hedonistic repose, inhaling the leaves from stalk after stalk of bamboo and then chomping away at the stalks themselves as if they were toothpicks. It was oddly hypnotic. And if I could wander around the zoo with a pint of craft beer, I would certainly give it a go.
As it stands, I'm likely not a potential customer. But the basic model seems perfectly defensible: displaying animals in captivity, in humane conditions, with educational flourishes, in order to generate funds for wildlife conservation at a time when scientists warn tens of thousands of species are at unprecedented risk.
Tracogna notes that establishing a new foundation is part of the new plan, to boost the zoo's fundraising efforts — and that's very defensible indeed. In a constantly penny-pinching city that can't find money to fix up public housing, where transit fares have soared far above inflation, where a ferry to the city's greatest park costs $7.50, it seems less defensible that municipal taxpayers should be subsidizing it.
BERLIN — Just about the time President Barack Obama touched down in Berlin last week, students at Humboldt University were invited by a niche society called International Youth and Students for Social Equality to attend a talk called “The election of Trump—political causes and teachings.”
Sitting in a stuffy classroom, which looked onto an empty train track (some public transport had been cancelled because Obama was in town), the young attendees buzzed excitedly amongst themselves and at first every seat was filled.
But after 30 minutes, much of the room had cleared out. People had come with a lot of questions: “Can we accept Trump as the U.S. president?”; “Will there be militarization in Germany?” (still a sensitive topic); and, “Was Hillary Clinton really the lesser of two evils?” And they weren't getting very good answers.
Two editors from the World Socialist Web tried to advocate working class revolution as the antidote to populism. “Obama gave a speech in Athens today where they implied that giving power to Trump is evidence for democracy being intact,” one of them said disdainfully. “It is as if one would say that giving power to Hitler proved that Weimar democracy was intact.”
A young woman who was halfway out the door stopped, turned and commented. “I would be careful about comparing Trump to Hitler, comparing Guantanamo to death camps—you are in danger of relativizing the Holocaust.”
Germans, young Germans particularly, want answers for dealing with a world according to President Donald Trump. But a satisfying explanation is proving hard to find.
***
That evening not one word was spoken about German Chancellor Angela Merkel, even though many English-language media had talked about Obama “passing the baton“ to them as the next defender of the free world. That may not mean much now, but is understood to include the defense of human rights, protecting the environment, reduced trade barriers, the rule of law — what were thought to be settled principles until Trump crowned the ambitions of many extremists in the United States and Europe as well.
Then, on Sunday night, to no one's great surprise, Merkel announced that they will run for a fourth term as chancellor in the 2017 elections.
Merkel said that they had been told in these uncertain times that people “would have little understanding if I now do not again throw the entirety of my experience, and those talents that have been given to me, into the scales to do my service for Germany.”
So, now that Merkel has made their highly anticipated decision, they are already receiving some criticism about their failure, in between long, sleepy sentences, to offer concrete ideas for the next four years (apart form the topic of pensions and broadband internet in rural areas).
While there is no chance that the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) party could take power, if it wins enough seats in the Reichstag, even if no one brings it into a coalition, it can wield power as a strong minority party.
Indeed, AFD leader Frauke Petry seemed pleased with Merkel's decision. The AFD has put a lot of effort into demonizing the “refugee chancellor.” Now they don't need to prepare for a new scapegoat.
***
In a joint press conference on Thursday, Obama had praised Merkel as “absolutely extraordinary,“ adding, “If I was a German and allowed to vote, I would support her.“
Obama had arrived on their final trip to Europe “Sorgenfresser“ (translation: worry-muncher), as Der Spiegel lovingly nicknamed them a week after printing a Trump-shaped meteor about to hit planet earth on its cover.
Berliners still remember the time when Obama shrugged off their jacket while speaking to a crowd of 200,000: “We can be informal in front of friends,” he'd said, captivating the Germans in a way they had rarely seen a politician do before.
But while newspapers got excited printing the most elegant pictures of Obama's time in office, the weather in Berlin was not welcoming, and neither, it seemed, were the people. Only a few lingered in front of the Hotel Adlon, hoping to catch a glimpse of the statesman. The magic had gone.
Which doesn't mean there isn't a lot of Obama nostalgia going around. While Germany's feelings for Obama may have cooled since 2008, lastly because of the NSA surveillance leaks, they are still rated as one of the most popular American presidents.
Now it looks like difficult times lie ahead for German-American relations. On Thursday, Obama said that they were optimistic that Trump would rise to the demands of the presidency but acknowledged that Merkel would have “great burdens to carry“ internationally.
But making dramatic promises that one can't keep is not Merkel's style. The expectations being put on them as “the last pillar” of western liberalism, they said on Sunday evening, were “grotesque, even almost absurd.”
***
According to Sudha David-Wilp from the German Marshall Fund in Berlin, while established parties agree that Trump's election is a “game-changer“ for politics as usual, “it's possible that upstart and fringe parties may see Trump as a way of gaining leverage for their own policies.“
The question, of course, is whether they will succeed in using that leverage to effect changes, and what sort of response to the right there will be from the left.
Not everyone in Germany is worried about the Trump-meteor. “My opinion is very different,“ one young woman says cheerfully, stubbing out their cigarette on a metal barrier. “Of course I don't like Trump, but maybe their presidency will be part of a positive development, where Europe will be able to distance itself from America, from capitalism. We can take it back to the roots.”
“Merkel and Obama represent the enforcement of commercial interests,“ Left party politician Sevim Dagdelen tells The Daily Beast, dismissing their joint appeal for the trans-Atlantic free trade agreement and climate protection, which was published in Wirtschaftswoche this week.
Some 70,000 people demonstrated against that transatlantic agreement in Berlin in September. According to Dagdelen, “Obama stands for social division and social inequality, that's why they get on so well with the conservative Angela Merkel.”
When Merkel was asked on Thursday whether saying goodbye to Obama is hard, they admitted it was. “But we are all politicians,” they said. “And democracy lives from change.”
Merkel clearly hesitated before making this decision to run again.
In 1998 they had told the photographer Herlinde Koelbl, “I don't want to be a half dead wreck” once the time comes to get out of politics. But when asked about this comment on Sunday evening, Merkel smiled sweetly. “Well, I looked at myself in the mirror and I don't think I am that yet.”
TOKiMONSTA has graced us with a new album, and its streaming right now over on Noisy.
Previous work by TOKiMONSTA fits in with the chilled-out sound of down-tempo, future-bass beats that emanate from LA's High-end Theory (the space that helped launch producers including Flying Lotus, Nosaj Thing, Daddy Kev, The Glitch Mob, among many others). This album is no different.
Lee manages to take their signature sound developed on past releases, distinctively jazzy and atmospheric, and manages to push it forward, engulfing new sounds in the most danceable way possible. Trap and garage influence clearly bleeds through the album. “Soul to Seoul” takes the click hi-hat and hollow delay that makes trap so aggressive, and creates something ethereal and blissful. TOKiMONSTA is a producer who continues to grow and surprise with each release. Half Shadows are ahead of the curve, but inviting and welcoming enough to bring listeners with.
[Source: VICE]
Jake Tapper (Photo: Screen capture)
CNN host Jake Tapper began Friday's episode of “The Lead” hitting back against President Donald Trump's administration for barring media outlets with a history of accountability.
“Let's not make any mistake about what's happening here,” Tapper began. “A White House that has had some difficulty telling the truth and that has seemed to have trouble getting up to speed on the basic competent functioning of government, and a president who seems particularly averse to any criticism and has called the press ‘the enemies of the American people.'”
Tapper said that the White House is taking the next big step in their attempt to avoid any checks and balances as well as government accountability.
“It's not acceptable,” they continued. “In fact, it's petulant and indicative of lack of understanding for how an adult White House functions.”
Tapper cited a discussion with Spicer from December in which they said that they would never ban any media organization. They also showed a clip from Trump's speech at CPAC today attacking the media and calling it “fake, phoney, fake” news. Trump went on to say that when the media doesn't have sources it simply makes them up. Tapper wouldn't stand for it.
“It's just simply not true,” they said. “So, don't misunderstand what's going on with that rhetoric and with today's action banning various media outlets including CNN, the New York Times. This White House does not seem to respect the idea of accountability. This White House does not seem to value an independent press. There is a word for that line of thinking — it's called un-American.”
Watch the full video below:
By Judith Burns
Science and environment reporter, BBC News
Artificial trees could be used in areas where carbon emissions are high Engineers say a forest of 100,000 "artificial trees" could be deployed within 10 to 20 years to help soak up the world's carbon emissions. The trees are among three geo-engineering ideas highlighted as practical in a new report. The authors from the Institution of Mechanical Engineers say that without geo-engineering it will be impossible to avoid dangerous climate change. The report includes a 100-year roadmap to "decarbonise" the global economy. No silver bullet Launching the report, lead author Dr Tim Fox said geo-engineering should not be viewed as a "silver bullet" that could combat climate change in isolation. They told BBC News it should be used in conjunction with efforts to reduce carbon emissions and to adapt to the effects of climate change. Many climate scientists calculate that the world has only a few decades to reduce emissions before there is so much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that a dangerous rise in global temperature is inevitable. FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
More from Today programme
The authors of this report say that geo-engineering of the type they propose should be used on a short-term basis to buy the world time, but in the long term it is vital to reduce emissions. They define two types of geo-engineering. Nem Vaughan of University of East Anglia said: "The first category attempts to cool the planet by reflecting some of the sunlight away. The problem with this is that it just masks the problem." "The other type of geo-engineering is to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store it." Hundreds of options The team studied hundreds of different options but have put forward just three as being practical and feasible using current technology. A key factor in choosing the three was that they should be low-carbon technologies rather than adding to the problem. Dr Fox told BBC News: "Artificial trees are already at the prototype stage and are very advanced in their design in terms of their automation and in the components that would be used. "They could, within a relatively short duration, be moved forward into mass production and deployment." The trees would work on the principle of capturing carbon dioxide from the air through a filter. The CO2 would then be removed from the filter and stored. The report calls for the technology to be developed in conjunction with carbon storage infrastructure. The captured carbon dioxide could be stored in empty north sea oil wells Dr Fox said the prototype artificial tree was about the same size as a shipping container and could remove thousands of times more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than an equivalent sized real tree. Another of the team's preferred methods of capturing carbon is to install what they term "algae based photobioreactors" on buildings. These would be transparent containers containing algae which would remove carbon dioxide from the air during photosynthesis. Algae units could be designed into new buildings or retrofitted to old ones The third option focuses on the reduction of incoming solar radiation by reflecting sunlight back into space. The report says the simplest way of doing this is for buildings to have reflective roofs. The authors stress that all of these options will require more research and have called for the UK government to invest 10 million pounds in analysis of the effectiveness, risks and costs of geo-engineering. Dr Fox said: "We very much believe that the practical geo-engineering that we are proposing should be implemented and could be very much part of our landscape within the next 10 to 20 years."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AutoGuide.com
Already several years into a switch to more efficient EcoBoost engines, the next big move for the Ford Motor Company in the fight to reach increasingly strict fuel economy targets is to significantly reduce the weight of its vehicles.
To help meet those goals the American automaker has today announced a partnership with Dow Automotive Systems to develop low cost, light weight carbon fiber vehicle components.
The goal, says Ford, is to help shed as much as 750 pounds per vehicle by the end of the decade. While carbon fiber is used by a few smaller automakers or in limited production vehicles, Ford's plan is to integrate the light-weight yet ultra-strong material into its mainstream volume products.
“There are two ways to reduce energy use in vehicles: improving the conversion efficiency of fuels to motion and reducing the amount of work that powertrains need to do,” said Paul Mascarenas, Ford chief technical officer and VP of Research and Innovation. “Ford is tackling the conversion problem primarily through downsizing engines with EcoBoost and electrification while mass reduction and improved aerodynamics are keys to reducing the workload.”
Reducing weight, says Florian Schattenmann, head of R&D for Dow Automotive Systems, is, “particularly critical to improving the range of plug-in hybrid and battery electric vehicles.”
Ford and Dow will work together to create an affordable way to source carbon fiber as well as a low-cost method to integrate it into volume vehicles.
If successful, the use of carbon fiber components on volume cars like the Focus, Fusion and Mustang could happen by the end of the decade.
The humble incandescent lightbulb is an invention just about anyone born in the 20th Century is more than familiar with. But it's not the be all and end all lighting technology – there are neon lights, compact fluorescent bulbs, and even LEDs are finally being adopted for interior lighting. But with the endless march forward, there are vintage throwbacks to the past – how many hipster cafes have you been to lately with great big industrial-looking filament bulbs hanging from the ceiling?
However, that's not all history has to give us. These gas discharge bulbs from yesteryear are absolute works of art.
The bulbs contain delicate floral sculptures in metal, coated with phosphor, and the bulbs are filled with neon or argon gas. Applying mains voltage to the electrodes inside the bulb causes the phospor to fluoresce, creating a glowing flower that is hauntingly beautiful.
These bulbs were manufactured by the Aerolux Light Company, from the 1930s to the 1970s. Once upon a time, they could be had for as little as 20 cents a bulb – nowadays you're likely to pay over $50 on eBay or Etsy. The bulbs work by the glow discharge effect, not at all dissimilar to garden variety neon lamps.
While it's not easy, it is possible to make your own vacuum tubes. Maybe it's time to order some phospor powder and a tank of neon and get to work? Be sure to document your attempt on Hackaday.io.
Thanks to [Itay Ramot] for the tip!
Gran Turismo Has Lost Some Fans in Japan According to Media Create, But it's Still Pushing PS4 Sales
Giuseppe Nelva October 27, 2017 1:30:29 AM EST
Media Create published an in-depth analysis of the performance that Gran Turismo Sport for PS4 in Japan, and it comes with highs and lows.
Following-up on its top-twenty sales chart released on Wednesday, the Japanese statistics firm Media Create released its full weekly analysis, which is mostly focused on the performance of the newly-released Gran Turismo Sport.
First of all, the game sold 66.14% of the initial retail shipment, which is higher than Gran Turismo 6 in December 2013. Its debut sales were 55.92% of the initial shipments. Pure numbers, though, paint a different picture, with 150, 286 copies sold against 204,784. This means that the new game's debut was weaker by 54,000 copies.
Another relevant piece of data is the number of pre-orders. Gran Turismo Sport had 92,000, comparing unfavorably with Gran Turismo 6, which had 116,600 at the time of the release week. Media Create interprets this as a signal that the series has lost some of its fans.
Media Create also mentions that there is a possibility that the game's performance was influenced by being online only, but since GT6 was launched within the year end's holiday shopping season, a comparison is difficult.
On a positive note, PS4 and PS4 Pro sales have increased considerably week-on-week, to 137.75%, so the firm concludes that the game is still pushing the console hardware.
In other Gran Turismo Sport news, Producer Kazunori Yamauchi recently received an honorary degree in Italy and talked about their passion for cars. The game also outsold Gran Turismo 6 in the United Kingdom.
We feel GLAD, SAD, MAD and AFRAID.
We have tolerated and suffered the consequences of our own mediocrity, broken promises, drama, selfishness and separation for too long. We are responsible to eliminate tolerance for mediocrity in ourselves.
We observe that GREATER LIFE emanates from more SELF-AWARENESS, FAITH, HOPE, PASSION, COURAGE, WISDOM, JOY, LOVE, INTEGRITY, VULNERABILITY, SAFETY and TRUST.
We have some of the tools – the CORE COMMITMENTS and PROTOCOLS – to help encode and deliver these virtues and ignite people to a greater life.
We want the world to live in the maximum possible love and greatness.
WE ARE IN.
Will you join us?
Algimantas Stancelis, Alice Ivashina, Andrea Chiou, Axel Reed Dyksterhuis, Christian Délez, Christophe Thibaut, Dana Dyksterhuis, David Papini, Fazeel Gareeboo, Harold Shinsato, Josh Grob, Julia Ivashina, Richard Kasperowski, Sergej Koščejev, Stephen Hardy, Tolga Yazar, Marek Kaszczyc
Correction, 19/3: An earlier version of this story said that Farouk Shami came to the US in 1986 with $75. This was incorrect. They came to the US in 1965 with $71.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump may have angered many Muslims when they said that they would ban Muslim immigration to the United States, but a close Muslim business associate, Palestinian American Farouk Shami, says they suspect Trump would moderate their views if they were to become president.
Shami emigrated to the US from a village near Ramallah, Palestine, with only $71 in their pocket in 1965, and went on to build one of the nation's largest manufacturers of haircare products, Farouk Systems. Their products have been featured on Trump's television shows and Shami says that they first met the property mogul when they sponsored Miss Teen USA, Miss USA and Miss Universe in 2003.
But, last year, Farouk withdrew sponsorship of Trump's Miss Universe pageants and Celebrity Apprentice over the candidate's comments about Mexican immigrants.
Now, however, they say they hope to reconnect with Trump.
"As Trump becomes the Republican candidate, I plan to connect with them and donate to their campaign and try to get them Muslim votes," Shami told Al Jazeera.
"If we do that, they will be open for us and soften their talks about immigrants and Muslims."
READ MORE: American Muslims speak out
Shami described Trump's comments about Mexicans and Muslims as "only campaign talk".
"[What they say] is unconstitutional and they know that," added Shami, who ran unsuccessfully in the Democratic primary for governor of Texas in 2010.
"[The] USA is a country of immigrants and they know that first-hand.
"Media in [the] USA have been marketing anti-Islam for a long time, and much more since 9/11."
Shami said that they believe Trump has tapped into that sentiment among those who have been "brainwashed" to oppose Islam and immigration, but also believes they have support "from those who are tired of typical politicians".
Despite this, they added: "In my personal opinion, Trump does not believe in what they said."
SABA AHMED: Urging US Muslims to vote Republican
"I am proud of my Muslim religion of love and peace, but at the same time I respect everyone's faith," Shami said, addressing those who have questioned or criticised their Muslim faith.
"In America, we are equal in front of God and the law, regardless of our faith, our colour or our origins. Politics is separate and has nothing to do with [religion]. That is how it should be."
Shami said they are also a friend of Texas Senator Ted Cruz, one of Trump's most critical rivals, but that they disagree with Cruz "all the way", particularly on the issue of Israel and Palestine.
Shami believes that Trump, if elected president, would favour a more balanced US approach to negotiations between the two and said they are encouraged by Trump's claims that they would be "neutral".
"Trump is a business person and understands that a good deal is a fair deal," they said.
"He will be a more honest broker than previous presidents who tried and failed because they need Israeli support in Congress and [the] Senate as well as financial Jewish support and votes.
"Trump can do without that."
Overall, they said, they are optimistic. "Trump can be an honest broker in the Palestinian-Israel peace process. No other candidates have the guts to be as honest as Trump, we hope."
But Shami is opposed to Trump's plans to build a wall along the border with Mexico. "Walls don't work unless you want to take people's land, as Israel did in Palestine. We need to build bridges, not walls. We need to build industries and manufacturing on the border for Americans and Mexicans as well."
"Trump is a business person, so they are a planner and they planned all their comments to get people's anger out by supporting him," Shami added.
"I am not surprised in the tone of the campaign. It brought out what many people think of their politicians."
Trump seemingly also has faith in Shami, at least as far as their hair is concerned - reportedly using Farouk Systems' CHI Helmet Head hairspray.
Hello and welcome to Episode 24 (Part I/II) The A. C. Grayling Interview.
Philosopher and master of the New College of the Humanities professor A. C. Grayling is considered by many to be amongst the greatest and most influential philosophers of our time. Professor Grayling has published around 40 books in philosophy, history of ideas, human rights and ethics. These include the Refutation of Scepticism, The Future of Moral Values, Wittgenstein, The Meaning of Things, The God Argument and The Age of Genius. Professor Grayling is an exceptional example of someone who has lived the examined life. In this fascinating interview, we ask Professor Grayling about a broad range of philosophical topics. This is a must-listen for anyone interested in philosophy.
This week in Part I, we'll be discussing the examined life and whether or not it is worth living.
Any thoughts? Please tweet us @thepanpsycast.
Back in late April, we posted that David Fincher was locked down to direct World War Z 2, the sequel to the 2013 zombie film starring Brad Pitt. Yesterday, THR ran an interview with Paramount's Jim Gianopulos where they 100% confirmed that same news, which many believed in April to be a premature statement that would be proven false. Gianopulos also confirmed that Brad Pitt will be returning to the sequel, although they didn't say in what capacity.
World War Z Synopsis:
When former U.N. investigator Gerry Lane (Brad Pitt) and their family get stuck in urban gridlock, they sense that it's no ordinary traffic jam. Their suspicions are confirmed when, suddenly, the city erupts into chaos. A lethal virus, spread through a single bite, is turning healthy people into something vicious, unthinking and feral. As the pandemic threatens to consume humanity, Gerry leads a worldwide search to find the source of the infection and, with luck, a way to halt its spread.
Enköpings SK HK [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 8 Jonsson, Markus 1989-02-09 CE R 193 94 SWE Djurgårdens IF IF 14 Eriksson, Rickard 1988-03-21 RD R 182 82 SWE 17 Sojé, Andreas 1994-02-16 RD R 170 72 SWE Enköpings SK HK 18 Sojé, Jesper 1994-02-16 LW L 170 68 SWE 19 Cederborg-Nilsson, Simon 1989-12-22 RW L 191 92 SWE 21 Andersson, Daniel 1993-10-29 CE L 191 88 SWE 22 Johnsgård, Tim-Robin 1994-01-19 RW R 187 80 NOR 23 Mattsson, Petter 1989-04-04 LW L 177 80 SWE Skogsbo SK 24 Jalmerud, Markus 1995-01-03 LW L 181 71 SWE 26 Jalmerud, Daniel 1995-01-03 CE L 181 72 SWE 30 S:t Cyr, Simon 1990-10-02 GK L 187 93 SWE Enköpings SK HK 39 De Massa, Sebastian 1996-11-20 GK L 186 95 SWE Stenungsund HF 51 Ulf, Marcus 1996-02-06 LD L 182 74 SWE Gnesta IK 55 Svanberg, Magnus 1988-03-03 LD L 189 88 SWE Storumans IK 66 Friberg, Tim 1995-12-03 RW L 190 84 SWE 77 Juhlin, Fredrik 1994-05-10 RD L 180 77 SWE 81 Persson, Andreaz 1981-09-08 RW R 177 76 SWE 92 Wingqvist, Anton 1994-01-17 LD L 181 83 SWE Göteborgs IK 99 Jansson, Emil 2001-07-14 GK L 174 61 SWE Enköpings SK HK Avg. Avg. Avg. 24.1 182.6 80.5
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Petersson, Joakim Assistant Coach de Pourbaix, Micha Team Leader Lundin, Bosse Team Leader Wiman, Centh Equipment Manager Eirelid, Mats-Ola Equipment Manager Englundh, Ove Equipment Manager Jansson, Lars Equipment Manager Röngren, Bernt Doctor Bergkvist, Jörgen Doctor Skeppstedt, Åsa Physiotherapist Söderberg, Lasse General Manager Karlsson, Håkan Goalie Coach Hellsten, Joa
Forshaga IF [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 1 Michel, Andro 1990-06-11 GK L 187 79 SWE Skåre BK 8 Erkgärds, Stefan 1985-03-23 LD L 185 87 SWE 10 Mali-Granberg, David 2001-05-16 RW L 170 60 SWE Forshaga IF 16 Eklund, Fredrik 1996-01-03 RD L 178 82 SWE IFK Ore 17 Norrman, Andreas 1992-04-04 LW L 188 75 SWE 20 Wennerström, Björn 1991-05-02 CE L 190 87 SWE 21 Odhe, Andreas 1988-04-23 RW L 190 94 SWE 27 Erkgärds, Johan 1989-11-12 CE L 183 85 SWE 28 Odhe, Daniel 1991-06-12 RW R 180 85 SWE 30 Gustafsson, Philip 1996-11-29 GK R 191 77 SWE Forshaga IF 30 Söderberg, David 1994-05-07 GK L 175 75 SWE 32 Kyrk, Viktor 1997-04-10 LD L 182 80 SWE Färjestad BK 33 Englund, Linus 2000-01-18 LD L 172 65 SWE Forshaga IF 33 Eriksson, Christoffer 1996-07-16 LD R 180 71 SWE Kils AIK IK 34 Johansson, Gabriel 1993-06-06 RW R 184 85 SWE Färjestad BK 55 Rakell, Robin 1991-10-21 RD L 178 82 SWE 56 Wilhelmsson, Nils 1991-04-24 RD R 187 86 SWE Kungälvs IK 60 Owesten, Viktor 2001-05-12 CE L 177 71 SWE Forshaga IF 66 Tång, Henrik 1990-07-08 RD L 184 94 SWE 69 Sirugo, Hampus 1995-02-20 RW L 188 88 SWE Surahammars IF 71 Strömgren, Jakob 1993-02-26 LD L 185 82 SWE 75 Odd, Oscar 1994-02-08 CE L 182 83 SWE Hammarö HC 76 Hernström, Linus 1997-06-16 LD L 183 80 SWE Färjestad BK 88 Westerlund, Jonas 1992-07-16 GK L 180 93 SWE 92 Skogland, Kimmy 1992-02-12 LD L 187 88 SWE 96 Bäcklin, Oskar 1997-01-08 LW R 181 86 SWE Färjestad BK 97 Enqvist, Lukas 1998-04-06 CE L 181 89 SWE (Färjestad BK* ) Kristinehamns HT 98 Neubauer, Henrik 1997-04-15 RW R 183 90 SWE (Färjestad BK* ) Sunne IK 99 Enock, Hugo 1997-11-24 RD R 173 78 SWE (Färjestad BK* ) Bofors IK Ungdom HK Avg. Avg. Avg. 22.2 182.2 82.0
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Lundell, Per Physiotherapist Larsson, Elinor Goalie Coach Berg, Peter
Grästorps IK [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 2 Johansson, Viktor 1998-02-14 RD L 185 72 SWE Grästorps IK 4 Martinsson, Ludvig 1996-05-12 LD L 180 80 SWE (HC Vita Hästen* ) HC Vita Hästen 5 Nyberg, Joel 1995-06-04 LD L 179 86 SWE 6 Kuzel, Lukas 1991-07-22 RD R 179 81 CZE 7 Geyzon, Lucas 1995-08-07 LD L 178 84 SWE Lysekils HK Viking 9 Russberg, Richard 1999-08-09 RD L 170 70 SWE Grästorps IK 10 Käkelä-Hedman, William 1997-03-21 CE L 185 80 SWE Kungälvs IK 12 Jerenvik, Linus 1996-04-09 LD R 179 74 SWE Mariestad BoIS HC 14 Johansson, Marcus 1986-09-20 RD R 179 86 SWE 15 Wikström, Pontus 1996-03-18 CE L 180 82 SWE Skellefteå AIK 17 Andersson Malmsjö, Emil 1997-08-08 CE L 180 64 SWE Grästorps IK 18 Andersson, Marcus 1996-02-08 RD R 183 79 SWE Grästorps IK 21 Lukac, Michal 1984-08-26 LW L 180 80 SVK 23 Olsén, Henrik 1992-09-02 RW L 183 83 SWE Arvika HC 24 Wulcan, Jakob 1993-05-04 LW R 187 95 SWE 25 Sellin, Jesper 1994-03-25 LW L 172 74 SWE HC Vita Hästen 27 Åslund, William 1996-03-07 RW L 187 85 SWE Vårgårda HC 29 Eriksson, Edvin 1995-12-22 RW R 185 75 SWE 33 Ljung, Linus 1994-03-06 LD L 182 97 SWE IF Malmö Redhawks 35 Davydov, Nikita 1988-04-09 GK L 172 72 RUS 58 Svensson, Carl-Johan 1985-12-17 CE R 185 84 SWE Grästorps IK 61 Johansson, Hugo 1995-03-18 LW L 180 74 SWE 66 Schultz, Adam 1995-09-14 GK L 178 84 SWE HV 71 91 Tjulander, Linus 1996-03-16 LW L 183 83 SWE Charlottenbergs HC 96 Rudolphi, Christian 1996-01-04 RW R 179 82 SWE Söderhamns IK Avg. Avg. Avg. 22.3 180.4 80.2
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Joukov, Sergei Assistant Coach Sjölund, Niklas Team Manager Andersson, Marita
IFK Arboga IK [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 1 Fallqvist, Alfons 1995-04-08 GK L 184 82 SWE IFK Arboga IK 3 Vaakanainen, Martin 1994-02-11 RD L 193 96 NOR Lörenskog IK 9 Rigelius, Niklas 1995-02-15 LW L 184 84 SWE Hässelby Kälvesta HC 10 Andersson, Linus 1996-02-10 RD R 188 88 SWE IFK Arboga IK 11 Norberg, Antonio 1997-09-22 CE L 175 81 SWE Nyköpings HK 17 Hellström, Charlie 1993-07-03 CE L 180 80 SWE IFK Arboga IK 18 Folke, Dennis 1995-10-09 LW L 180 76 SWE Huddinge IK 21 Jakobsson, Mårten 1991-11-04 LW L 187 89 SWE IFK Arboga IK 24 Ageborg, Linus 1996-08-08 LW L 182 85 SWE Kungsörs IK 25 Jakobsson, Niklas 1993-08-06 LW L 185 81 SWE IFK Arboga IK 26 Kjällström, Calle 1997-07-13 RW L 193 93 SWE (Bofors IK Karlskoga* ) Bofors IK Ungdom HK 27 Hörnqvist, Daniel 1995-02-07 CE L 177 81 SWE Hässelby Kälvesta HC 29 Sterner, Charlie 1993-01-26 CE L 172 76 SWE IFK Arboga IK 40 Jonsson, Felix 1998-02-06 RD L 176 80 SWE IFK Arboga IK 41 Eriksson, Gustav 1999-08-20 RD L 186 80 SWE IFK Arboga IK 43 Thunberg, Simon 1997-08-12 GK L 180 80 SWE Köping HC 52 Haglind, Calle 1995-06-17 LD L 175 77 SWE IFK Arboga IK 54 Pannula-Lindblom, Jonas 2000-05-27 GK L 165 65 SWE Köping HC 93 Hammarlund, Jonas 1987-05-27 CE L 172 71 SWE 94 Åberg, Tim 2000-08-27 CE R 175 65 SWE IFK Arboga IK 95 Gustafsson, Lukas 1997-04-10 LW R 183 77 SWE IFK Arboga IK 96 Klintberg, Martin 1977-03-25 LD L 187 90 SWE 97 Johansson, Liam 2001-11-15 RD R 170 70 SWE IFK Arboga IK 98 Norgren, Christoffer 1974-07-02 LD L 187 92 SWE Husums IF Ishockeyklubb 99 Thebo, Viktor 1977-01-08 CE L 183 90 SWE Avg. Avg. Avg. 23.0 180.8 81.2
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Karlsson, Mathias Assistant Coach Baker, Kory Goalie Coach Jaakkola, Vesa
Köping HC [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 6 Lennartsson, David 1995-06-13 RD R 180 82 SWE Färjestad BK 8 Greibe, Victor 1996-01-17 LD L 183 75 SWE Linköping HC 9 Johansson, Edvin 1994-02-27 LW L 176 76 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 10 Norstedt, Emil 1994-02-16 LD L 177 78 SWE Köping HC 11 Sundlöv, Rickard 1994-02-07 CE L 170 74 SWE Tullinge TP 12 Åkesson, Sebastian 1994-07-15 RW L 179 84 SWE Rögle BK 18 Ström, Jonathan 1995-08-11 CE L 179 81 SWE Kils AIK IK 19 Sidebäck, Jonathan 1998-07-05 LW L 179 82 SWE Köping HC 21 Karlsson, Anton 1996-10-21 RW R 185 84 SWE Bofors IK Ungdom HK 27 Sjökvist, Tobias 1995-08-18 CE L 178 80 SWE Bofors IK Ungdom HK 31 Rydén, Tomas 1993-11-30 GK L 185 83 SWE Färjestad BK 34 Jörgensen, Martin 1990-05-23 RD L 185 92 SWE Köping HC 44 Johansson, Linus 1993-05-19 RD L 178 88 SWE Stenungsund HF 55 Carlsson, Linus 1995-08-16 LD L 181 84 SWE Östervåla IF 65 Forsberg, Emil 1990-09-25 RD L 175 80 SWE Köping HC 66 Eek, Johan 1991-11-14 LW R 184 84 SWE 71 Jinghage, Lars 1990-02-25 CE L 183 88 SWE Hedens IK 75 Hellström, Daniel 1995-02-06 RW R 171 73 SWE IFK Arboga IK 80 Söderlund, Nils-Erik 1990-09-27 RW L 196 105 SWE Köping HC 88 Haaraoja, Oscar 1995-03-21 CE R 180 83 SWE Lindlövens IF 93 Kesti, Rasmus 1993-05-20 RD L 177 74 SWE Köping HC Avg. Avg. Avg. 22.6 180.0 82.4
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Eriksson, Daniel Assistant Coach Pettersson, Patrik Team Manager Risberg, Patrik Equipment Manager Jansson, Jerker Goalie Coach Gunnarsson, Johan
Surahammars IF [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 6 Henze, Oskar 1996-08-17 RW R 192 96 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 7 Boström, Erik 1997-05-01 CE L 182 85 SWE Surahammars IF 9 Hjalmarsson, Niklas 1991-07-04 LD L 179 79 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 10 Larsson, Nicklas 1980-02-10 RD L 185 83 SWE Surahammars IF 11 Lindgren, Riwer 1997-06-24 LD L 175 75 SWE Skogsbo SK 12 Gavelin, Hampus 1998-03-08 LW L 182 85 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 14 Näslund, Linus 1997-01-17 RD L 187 87 SWE Surahammars IF 18 Ekbäck, Oscar 1997-01-18 CE L 177 79 SWE Surahammars IF 21 Åberg, Niklas 1991-01-10 CE L 185 85 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 22 Lederud, Valter 1997-01-23 RW R 190 99 SWE Skogsbo SK 23 Eriksson, Emil 1995-03-21 CE L 174 72 SWE Säters IF 24 Lidström, Adam 1996-02-12 LW L 184 85 SWE (VIK Västerås HK* ) VIK Västerås HK 25 Forslund, Jakob 1996-03-20 CE R 190 86 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 26 Mård, Oliver 1997-07-18 LW R 184 87 SWE Surahammars IF 27 Berglund, Kevin 1996-04-24 LW R 185 85 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 28 Forsman-Larsson, Oscar 1998-06-28 LD L 183 80 SWE Surahammars IF 30 Rasmussen, Emil 1993-04-28 GK L 190 78 SWE Surahammars IF 33 Olzon, Daniel 1996-01-31 RW L 182 82 SWE Falu IF 35 Olsson, Philip 1998-04-05 GK L 187 77 SWE (VIK Västerås HK* ) Surahammars IF 43 Udd, Christofer 1990-04-11 LD L 188 81 SWE Surahammars IF 49 Silfver, Elias 1997-06-19 LD R 183 72 SWE Köping HC 51 Olsson, Anders 1996-01-23 GK L 177 78 SWE Sala HK 52 Linnarud, Mathias 1995-08-31 RD R 187 84 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 55 Pikkarainen, Jarno 1979-12-06 CE L 180 83 SWE Surahammars IF 60 Alsdal, Eric 1996-01-22 RW L 187 82 SWE VIK Västerås HK Ung 68 Törnblom, Jesper 1997-10-09 RW L 184 82 SWE Surahammars IF 88 Arnmark, Mattias 1993-03-15 CE L 185 87 SWE MODO Hockey 96 Kallings, Oscar 1996-01-31 RD L 178 74 SWE Wings HC Arlanda 99 Norling, Martin 1996-04-22 LD L 192 86 SWE Surahammars IF Avg. Avg. Avg. 21.8 183.9 82.6
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Lundholm, Joakim Assistant Coach Grundström, Conny Team Manager Böös, Håkan Equipment Manager Dahlström, Tomas Equipment Manager Pettersson, Annika Goalie Coach Janard, Lars
Åker/Strängnäs HC [Top] Team Roster No Name Birthdate Position L/R Height Weight Nationality / Club Youth club 3 Sandberg, Anton 1996-06-18 RD L 186 86 SWE Åker/Strängnäs HC 5 Narva, Jesse 1985-02-10 RD R 180 98 SWE 7 Ed Söderström, David 1998-12-25 LD L 184 78 SWE Åker/Strängnäs HC 8 Stenros, Erik 1996-12-12 RD L 182 85 SWE Södertälje SK 9 Sonntag, Fredrik 1987-04-02 RD L 185 93 SWE Södertälje SK 11 Lagerström, Tony 1988-07-19 CE L 187 93 SWE Huddinge IK 12 Kaumi, Christian 1998-08-02 RW L 183 83 SWE Södertälje SK 15 Rancevs, Lauris 1993-10-17 LD L 180 80 LAT 17 Jönsson, Niklas 1988-12-08 RD L 195 110 SWE 18 Tellström, Ludwig 1998-04-04 CE R 180 81 SWE Åker/Strängnäs HC 19 Lagerström, Alexander 1991-01-15 RW R 180 81 SWE 20 Sandberg, Matias 1990-04-01 CE L 183 89 SWE 21 Mazurs Mago, Linards 1994-07-21 LW L 191 96 LTU 24 Blid, Christofer 1985-07-16 RW L 183 89 SWE 25 Broberg, Carl 1995-03-28 LW L 182 77 SWE 26 Söderström, Morgan 1998-02-15 CE L 178 78 SWE Södertälje SK 27 Strand, Dennis 1996-05-21 RW R 186 78 SWE Södertälje SK 30 Lindberg, Albin 2000-02-18 GK L 180 77 SWE Åker/Strängnäs HC 31 Svensson, Oscar 1997-02-06 GK L 173 68 SWE Södertälje SK 35 Stenmark, Maximilian 1990-11-05 GK R 177 78 SWE 38 Nilsson, Nicklas 1988-07-18 LW L 181 80 SWE 40 Lundback, Herman 1998-11-17 RW R 180 73 SWE Åkers IF 44 Backholm, Martin 1989-12-06 LD L 185 86 SWE 55 Fredriksson, Simon 1998-04-22 LD L 182 81 SWE Kalmar HC 61 Gällstedt, Marcus 1994-08-14 LW L 185 85 SWE Södertälje SK 88 Rayneé, Michael 1989-12-05 LW L 178 85 SWE 91 Lillström-Stenroos, Kevin 1998-04-14 CE L 178 75 SWE Södertälje SK 99 Johansson, Olle 1997-03-05 CE L 180 77 SWE Gnesta IK Avg. Avg. Avg. 22.8 182.3 83.6
Team Officials Title Name Head Coach Ahlström, Erik Team Manager Eriksson, Ulf
A young millennial spawn loves to share everything positive, joyful, and abundant in their life. When their family came into some new funds — won from their father's settlement regarding age discrimination — they tapped and typed and bragged. As is usual in an age-discrimination settlement, all parties agreed to a confidentiality clause. Pshhhh, thought this young woman, confidentiality can't cramp my personal news feed:
Mama and Papa Snay won the case against Gulliver. Gulliver is now officially paying for my vacation to Europe this summer. SUCK IT.
And with these 23 words, this young braggart cost their father the $80,000 they won from the Gulliver School, where they were let go as principal. Sympathies to their family for their loss and for being so close to someone who gloats about vacations and screams SUCK IT on their Facebook wall.
Emmanuel Frimpong is set to leave Arsenal before close of the transfer window
Emmanuel Frimpong: Set to leave Arsenal before close of the transfer window
Several Premier League and Championship clubs, and some foreign sides, are thought to have made enquiries about signing the Ghana international.
Frimpong is out of contract at the end of the season and Arsenal are thought to be willing to let them move on as they are well down the pecking order in Arsene Wenger's plans.
The 22-year-old has not featured for Arsenal this season and they are thought to be keen to move on in search of regular first-team football.
Frimpong, who has come through the ranks at Arsenal, has had loan spells at Fulham, Charlton and Wolves in the last two years, and they are now ready to kick-start their career with a permanent move away from the Emirates.
A technical support officer spiked the water bottle of a lecturer at Ngee Ann Polytechnic with a "love potion" in the hope that they would fall for him.
But all it did was leave them with a dry throat. The lecturer, who is Japanese, also found themselves unable to think clearly or sleep at night.
Wong Fook Hiong, a married man, was caught when the woman secretly filmed them spiking their water with the concoction - a combination of a sedative meant for animals and an anti-psychotic drug that they bought online for US$200 (S$285).
The 43-year-old was yesterday given the maximum fine of $1,500 for doing an act so negligently as to endanger life on Jan 12 last year. They admitted pouring a mixture of xylazine and haloperidol, both poisons, into the lecturer's water bottle at the polytechnic on Clementi Road.
Assistant Public Prosecutor N. K. Anitha said that, some time in November 2014, the 30-year-old lecturer drank some water from their bottle and found that it tasted bitter. They immediately spat it out.
After this happened a few times, they decided to place their mobile phone in video recording mode at their desk.
On Jan 12 last year, they left at about 5.30pm, returning around 8pm. They checked their phone and noticed that Wong had walked to their desk at about 6.40pm and poured a substance from a vial into the bottle of mineral water on their desk. They then shook the bottle and put it back in its original position.
They made a police report the next day and Wong was arrested with a glass vial. On analysis, the water and the vial were found to contain the two poisons.
Xylazine is a sedative, analgesic and muscle relaxant used in veterinary medicine. The reported effects in humans include drowsiness, disorientation, lethargy, hypotension, slow heartbeat and respiratory depression.
Haloperidol, an anti-psychotic drug, is used to treat various psychoses. It can cause tremors, insomnia, agitation, excessive muscle activity and headache.
Wong stated that they believed the substance to be a "love potion".
"He claimed they had added the unknown substance in the hope that the victim would drink the contaminated water and fall in love with him," said Ms Anitha, who sought the maximum fine.
In their mitigation plea, Wong's lawyer, Mr Javern Sim, said their client has been diagnosed with "mood disorder'', which caused them to be immature and to display attention-seeking behaviour.
"He was trying their best to get the attention of the lecturer that they liked very much," they said.
Mr Sim said Wong is a simple, caring man with a good character. They were truly remorseful for their thoughtless and foolish actions, and had lost their job of 17 years as a result of them. They used to earn $4,505 a month and has been jobless since.
Wong could have been fined and jailed for up to three months.
When Bravo worlds collide, beautiful magic happens. In the video above, Vanderpump Rules star Jax Taylor puts all the Real Housewives cast members' drink products to the taste test — and dishes out some juicy gossip about each one of them.
On the menu: Bethenny Frankel‘s Skinnygirl Spicy Lime Margarita, Sonja Morgan's Tipsy Girl Sparkling Rosé, Brandi Glanville's Unfiltered Blonde, Lisa Vanderpump‘s LVP Sangria, Teresa Giudice‘s Fabellini Peach-Flavored Prosecco, Ramona Singer‘s Ramona Pinot Grigio, and Heather Dubrow's Consult Beaute Shake.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
In true form, Taylor admits they are “a little hungover,” but pushes through — though they say their more common cure for an overindulgent night is “Gatorade and bananas.”
RELATED: Mario Batali Reveals Their Best Hangover Cure
While they seem to be an easy judge — they consider nearly all of them to be “delicious” — they do have some choice words for one Brandi Glanville, whose white wine they refuse to try. “Get this out of here,” they say. “I hate that b—-.” (Glanville is the BFF-turned-enemy of their boss, Lisa Vanderpump, and has regularly taken to their podcast to come down on the Pump Rules cast.)
On the flip side, they do have a lot of love for a certain RHONY star — and revealed an intimate detail about their relationship. “I love Bethenny, she's such a wonderful person,” they say of the Skinnygirl mogul. “We had a great Christmas party; even kissed them a little bit.”
RELATED: Every Real Housewives Vacation Destination Ever, Ranked by Most Dramatic Moment
Watch the video above for more of Jax's thoughts on the Housewives (and the booze empires they reign over), and catch the premiere of the 5th season of Vanderpump Rules on Monday, November 7 at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo.
The Syrian regime's horrific chemical weapons attack Tuesday has totally inverted the U.S. policy debate on Syria. The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has whipsawed—in less than a week—from acquiescing to the continued rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to threatening some unspecified unilateral intervention in Syria.
The rhetoric of top U.S. officials suggests the United States may be headed toward a major new escalation in Syria. If so, any threatened U.S. action should have the narrow, clearly articulated objective of halting the use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime and deterring their use globally. It should not be aimed at achieving a negotiated political resolution to the Syrian war or any gradation of regime change—goals that were rightly judged impractical as recently as Monday.
If the United States is going to act in Syria, specificity, clarity, and realism are its friends. Vague maximalism is not.
If the United States is going to act in Syria, specificity, clarity, and realism are its friends. Vague maximalism is not.
CROSSING THE LINE
On Tuesday, a government air strike on the town of Khan Shaykhun, in Syria's rebel-held northern Idlib Province, released toxic gas that reportedly left at least 70 dead and hundreds more affected. The incident looks set to be the deadliest chemical weapons attack in Syria since the Assad regime's August 2013 nerve gas attack on the Damascus suburbs, which killed nearly 1,500 people.
The Syrian military has denied using chemical weapons, instead blaming “terrorist groups,” and Russia has claimed that a Syrian regime air strike in fact struck an insurgent chemical weapons depot. Yet the United States has asserted definitively that the regime was responsible for the attack. The Assad regime has recently used toxic gas against other insurgent-held towns, UN inspectors have found, albeit chlorine gas rather than the more deadly sarin that is believed to have been used on Tuesday.
In response to the attack, the U.S. position on
News Release 13-067
Cutting Specific Atmospheric Pollutants Would Slow Sea Level Rise
Decreasing emissions of black carbon, methane and other pollutants makes a difference
Black carbon, a short-lived pollutant (shown in purple), shrouds the globe.
April 14, 2013
This material is available primarily for archival purposes. Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date; please see current contact information at media contacts.
With coastal areas bracing for rising sea levels, new research indicates that cutting emissions of certain pollutants can greatly slow sea level rise this century.
Scientists found that reductions in four pollutants that cycle comparatively quickly through the atmosphere could temporarily forestall the rate of sea level rise by roughly 25 to 50 percent.
The researchers focused on emissions of four heat-trapping pollutants: methane, tropospheric ozone, hydrofluorocarbons and black carbon.
These gases and particles last anywhere from a week to a decade in the atmosphere and can influence climate more quickly than carbon dioxide, which persists in the atmosphere for centuries.
"To avoid potentially dangerous sea level rise, we could cut emissions of short-lived pollutants even if we cannot immediately cut carbon dioxide emissions," says Aixue Hu of the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colo., first author of a paper published today in the journal Nature Climate Change.
"Society can significantly reduce the threat to coastal cities if it moves quickly on a handful of pollutants."
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the U.S. Department of Energy.
"Sea level rise and its consequences present enormous challenges to modern society," says Anjuli Bamzai, program director in NSF's Division of Atmospheric and Geospace Sciences, which supported the research.
"This study looks at projections of global sea level rise, unraveling the effects of mitigating short-lived greenhouse gases such as methane, tropospheric ozone, hydrofluorocarbons and black carbon, as well as long-lived greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide," says Bamzai.
It is still not too late, "by stabilizing carbon dioxide concentrations in the atmosphere and reducing emissions of shorter-lived pollutants, to lower the rate of warming and reduce sea level rise by 30 percent," says atmospheric scientist Veerabhadran Ramanathan of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography (SIO) in San Diego, a co-author of the paper. Ramanathan initiated and helped oversee the study.
"The large role of the shorter-lived pollutants is encouraging since technologies are available to drastically cut their emissions," says Ramanathan.
The potential effects of rising oceans on populated areas are of great concern, they say.
Many of the world's major cities, such as New York, Miami, Amsterdam, Mumbai, and Tokyo, are located in low-lying areas along coasts.
As glaciers and ice sheets melt, and warming oceans expand, sea levels have been rising by an average of about 3 millimeters annually in recent years (just over one-tenth of an inch).
If temperatures continue to warm, sea levels are projected to rise between 18 and 200 centimeters (between 7 inches and 6 feet) this century, according to reports by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the U.S. National Research Council.
Such an increase could submerge coastal communities, especially when storm surges hit.
Previous research by Ramanathan and Yangyang Xu of SIO, a co-author of the paper, showed that a sharp reduction in emissions of shorter-lived pollutants beginning in 2015 could offset warming temperatures by up to 50 percent by 2050.
Applying those emission reductions to sea level rise, the researchers found that the cuts could dramatically slow rising sea levels.
The results showed that total sea level rise would be reduced by an estimated 22 to 42 percent by 2100, depending on the extent to which emissions were cut.
However, the study also found that delaying emissions cuts until 2040 would reduce the beneficial effect on year-2100 sea level rise by about a third.
If society were able to substantially reduce both emissions of carbon dioxide and the four other pollutants, total sea level rise would be lessened by at least 30 percent by 2100, the researchers conclude.
"We still have some control over the amount of sea level rise we are facing," Hu says.
Another paper co-author, Claudia Tebaldi of Climate Central, adds: "Without diminishing the importance of reducing carbon dioxide emissions in the long-term, this study shows that more immediate gains from shorter-lived pollutants are substantial.
"Cutting emissions of those gases could give coastal communities more time to prepare for rising sea levels," says Tebaldi. "As we have seen recently, storm surges in populated regions of the East Coast show the importance of making such preparations and cutting greenhouse gases."
To conduct the study, Hu and colleagues turned to the NCAR-based Community Climate System Model, as well as a second computer model that simulates climate, carbon and geochemistry.
They also drew on estimates of future emissions of heat-trapping gases under various social and economic scenarios and on computer models of melting ice and sea level rise.
The study assumes that society could reduce emissions of the four gases and particles by 30-60 percent over the next several decades.
That is the steepest reduction believed achievable by economists who have studied the issue at Austria's International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis, one of the world's leading research centers into the effects of economic activity on climate change.
"It must be remembered that carbon dioxide is still the most important factor in sea level rise over the long-term," says NCAR scientist Warren Washington, a paper co-author. "But we can make a real difference in the next several decades by reducing other emissions."
-NSF-
Media Contacts
Cheryl Dybas, NSF, (703) 292-7734, email: cdybas@nsf.gov
David Hosansky, NCAR, (303) 497-8611, email: hosansky@ucar.edu
Robert Monroe, SIO, (858) 534-3624, email: rmonroe@ucsd.edu
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.
Get News Updates by Email
Useful NSF Web Sites:
NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov
NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
Venezuela has been in turmoil for months, with regular street demonstrations and more than 70 protest-related deaths since April.
But Tuesday was a particularly big day.
Pro-government crowds stormed the National Assembly, the president was accused of swiping powers from one of their highest-profile critics, and a rogue police officer launched a helicopter attack on the Supreme Court.
Here is a round-up of the headline events in a 24-hour period.
Protests and looting
Image copyright AFP Image caption A security guard inside a looted pharmacy in Maracay on Tuesday
Protests are currently a near-daily occurrence in Venezuela, but the coastal city of Maracay experienced particularly severe looting on Monday night and into Tuesday morning.
Dozens of businesses were ransacked, according to the state prosecutor.
The president's speech
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Maduro addressing a crowd of supporters on Tuesday
President Nicolás Maduro regularly gives long televised addresses, but Tuesday's contained some highly charged phrases that captured extra attention.
"If Venezuela were plunged into chaos and violence and the Bolivarian Revolution was destroyed, we would go to combat, we would never give up," said the president. "And what we could not do with the votes, we would do with arms. We would liberate our country with arms."
Military planes then flew over Caracas to practise for a July parade, startling some locals.
Writing on Twitter, Opposition leader Henrique Capriles said: "Don't forget this declaration of war on Venezuelans today!"
Clashes in the National Assembly
Image copyright EPA Image caption Scuffles outside the National Assembly
In the early evening, violence broke out at the opposition-controlled National Assembly.
It started when the national guard entered the building and clashed with lawmakers.
Then pro-government gangs stormed in and would not let the politicians leave, according to Congress leader Julio Borges.
Two members of parliament were injured and a legislative session was suspended, said the EFE news agency,
A helicopter attack
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The helicopter circles buildings before gunshots and a bang are heard
Shortly afterwards, a helicopter launched an attack on the Supreme Court.
President Maduro said grenades were dropped on the building and called it a "terrorist" incident.
Rogue police officer, and occasional actor, Oscar Pérez is said to have piloted the stolen helicopter.
Their whereabouts is unknown.
Attorney general's powers shifted
Image copyright EPA Image caption Attorney General Luisa Ortega Díaz addressing supporters earlier this month
Finally, later that night, the Supreme Court gave the ombudsman, Tarek William Saab, investigatory powers normally associated with the attorney general.
The president has had a tense relationship with Attorney General Luisa Ortega, once a staunch ally, since they started to criticise their decisions in public.
Critics believe they are trying to push them out and they may even be put on trial.
Jan Koum is disappointed.
Koum is the CEO of WhatsApp, the mobile messaging startup Facebook purchased for no less than $19 billion in February of 2014, and this morning, at a conference in Munich, the Ukrainian-born engineer and entrepreneur is due to make a rare public appearance. He's disappointed because their company's mobile app has only reached about 990 million people. On stage in Germany, they were hoping to announce a billion.
But as disappointments go, it's a small one. WhatsApp—a quick, easy, inexpensive way to trade text messages and photos—is now the second-most popular app on Earth (not counting the apps Google and Apple bundle with their own mobile operating systems). Only Facebook's own app reaches more people. Since Facebook purchased WhatsApp—and many questioned whether Mark Zuckerberg and company had grossly overpaid for the startup—the audience has more than doubled for Koum's creation, which they developed in 2009 with their old colleague Brian Acton.
Now that WhatsApp has reached (almost) a billion people, it's ready to explore new ways of making money.
"On the one hand, this is a huge number," Koum says, sitting in the company's Mountain View, California offices, before flying to Munich. "On the other hand, it's a little embarrassing. We're about 10 million short."
Continued growth, it turns out, was one of the main reasons Koum agreed to the Facebook acquisition. The deal allowed WhatsApp to concentrate on growth without worrying too much about revenue. Even though Facebook pays the bills, the company is pretty autonomous, working out of a nondescript building in downtown Mountain View, California, that doesn't even bear the company's name. But now that WhatsApp has reached (almost) a billion people, Koum and their 120-person operation are finally ready to explore new ways of making money.
A Business Built on Business
Previously, WhatsApp was free for a year, after which the company would charge a mere $1 annually. Koum and company are now dropping the $1 fee completely. And in the months to come, they'll begin experimenting with ways of generating revenue via the myriad businesses that use the messaging app. WhatsApp grew to prominence as a kind of de facto social network—a way for people to communicate with friends and family, all without paying steep texting fees to phone companies, which can be especially high overseas. (Most of WhatsApp's users aren't in the US.) But WhatsApp is also used by shops and restaurants and other businesses to communicate with the world at large, and, now that their app has grabbed a truly global audience, Koum believes the company can refine this kind of communication—and eventually charge a fee for it.
"We're done really well in the consumer space, but there is whole other aspect of communication as you go through your day: You want to communicate with businesses," they say. "We've taken SMS technology for consumers and improved it. Now, we want to do the same with commercial messaging."
Koum likes to cite restaurant reservations as an example. Rather than picking up a phone or visiting some other app, you could just send a WhatsApp message to reserve a table and get your confirmation—the same app you likely used to make dinner plans with your friends in the first place. "Maybe [the restaurant replies] with three different options and I just tap on a button and the reservation is made."
The move is part of a larger trend across the sprawling universe of mobile messaging apps. Facebook also offers its own Facebook Messenger, and under the guidance of former PayPal CEO David Marcus, it too is expanding mobile messaging into businesses, including airlines (checking flight statuses), online retailers (tracking orders), and Uber (getting a ride). Here in the States, the idea is still trying to find its feet—Facebook opened Messenger to business developers about nine months ago—but in China, a very different tech market, an app called WeChat, from tech giant Tencent, is well down the road toward replacing apps with messaging, offering services from hailing taxis to ordering takeout to pay your bills.
"This is going to evolve into a preferred way that consumers engage with brands," says Julie Ask, an analyst with tech research firm Forrester, who has tracked the messaging trend. "And from there, it will move from things like content and coupons, to things that are more transactional, more oriented towards customer service."
App-solete
It's unclear whether the idea will quickly take off in the US, where we can easily handle the same tasks in other ways. Do you really need to deal with Uber drivers through Messenger when you can reach them through the Uber app and the occasional SMS message? Nonetheless, Ask believes that even US consumers will ultimately embrace the idea of doing more with fewer apps. "It will be more convenient to use one or two apps, rather than hopping in and out of five or six," they say. "We'll transition towards Facebook and Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp as places to get other stuff done."
But the US isn't really the market that matters to WhatsApp. While Facebook Messenger is more popular in the US, WhatsApp is dominant in places like India and Brazil and Africa. That's why Facebook has two messaging apps: each is chasing the same goal, just in different places.
WhatsApp took over so many foreign markets because it provided locals with the first truly viable way of quickly and cheaply communicating over the Internet. In these places, WhatsApp didn't just remake online communication. It defined this communication. Now, because it's so popular in places like India—and because there aren't an enormous array of alternatives—WhatsApp has a good chance of becoming a hub for business services, just as WeChat is in China. "There's a playbook to follow," Ask says.
And as Koum points out, WhatsApp has a greater global reach than nearly any other app. This gives Koum and company additional leverage. "A lot of companies are global," they say, such as airlines and banks and car rental outfits. And these companies may be willing to embrace this kind of messaging because WhatsApp gives them more efficient access to more people than any other medium.
Plugging into Facebook
Koum isn't ready to say what form the company's experiments will take. That's typical of their company, which spends very little time talking to the press or discussing its future plans. But they will say they believe that dropping its $1-a-year fee will just help WhatsApp grow even faster. Even such a small fee, Koum says, can hamper expansion. "For people in India or Brazil, it's very hard for them to pay. They don't necessary have credit cards or the infrastructure to make payments."
In the meantime, WhatsApp is working to expand the use of encryption on its service, an effort to protect user privacy. And it is moving beyond texts, photos, and videos to offer voice calls. Like Facebook and WeChat, WhatsApp is already more than messaging app. The question is just how much farther it will go.
As it expands, Koum and their small crew largely operate outside of the Facebook empire. But they have plugged into Facebook's vast technical infrastructure, which now has a global reach of its own. Most notably, WhatsApp benefits from Facebook's content delivery network, or CDN, a network of machines buried inside the world's internet service providers that lets Facebook get closer to its users. Now, WhatsApp can do the same.
Gaining access to Facebook's powerful infrastructure comes at a time when WhatsApp multimedia used has, as Koum puts it, "gone through the roof." And handling photos and video is a Facebook specialty. Facebook's network, Koum says, makes WhatsApp faster. "And we don't have to manage thousands of machines and hire 20 engineers to run them."
And so it would seem that Facebook and WhatsApp are joined in a virtuous circle. Facebook provides WhatsApp with the financial and technical support it needs to grow. WhatsApp, in turn, gives Facebook access to an audience of nearly a billion. If WhatsApp can now turn that reach into revenue, the whole world becomes a brighter place for Facebook.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption People being made homeless when a private tenancy ends is now the single biggest cause of homelessness in England
The number of people made homeless when a private tenancy ends has trebled in the past five years. It is now the single biggest cause of homelessness in England and most have been thrown out by private landlords.
The room is no more than 15ft square. It is packed with furniture and boxes, most of the floor is covered. There is a double bed down the middle of the room and a smaller children's bed wedged in a corner next to the fridge.
Family pictures jostle for space on the wall alongside cardboard boxes and racks of drying clothes. This is where Carla, Paul and their two children lived for nine months.
"It's a very big embarrassment when you have friends and family come over here," Paul says. "You see… effectively my failure as a dad to my family."
It is a tiny place for four people to eat and sleep, for two children to play. "This is it, it's here or nothing, so we have to take it day by day. Looking any further than that is very daunting," they say.
Panorama: Find out more Image copyright bbc Richard Bilton presents: Britain's Homeless Families
BBC One, Monday 23 June at 19:30 BST Then available in the UK on the BBC iPlayer
Paul and Carla are part of a new generation of homeless people - they both work, but they say they cannot afford a home.
Their story is common. They had their own privately rented place in their home town of Milton Keynes, but when the six-month tenancy ended the landlord asked them to leave.
According to government figures, the end of a tenancy has been the most common cause of homelessness every quarter for the last two years. In the final quarter of 2009, 1,060 households in England became homeless after their private tenancies were ended, while the latest figure for the first quarter of 2014 is 3,330.
And once low-income families lose a home, they can quickly get trapped. The waiting list for social housing is enormous, but the cost and insecurity of the private sector is too much.
Living like this has affected their health - Paul and Carla have both been on anti-depressants. But their situation is increasingly common - nationally there are 44,000 people living like this.
'Bit shocked'
In Ashford, Kent, Vicky and their daughter have also had to leave their home. Their tenancy came to an end and the landlord wanted them out.
Vicky has never been behind with the rent or had a complaint against them - they were asked to leave because they are on housing benefit.
Image caption Vicky was asked to leave their home because they are on housing benefit
"I was a bit shocked," they say. "I kind of thought that if you've treated the property well and you've paid your rent, I couldn't see what the problem would be. I think I deserve better."
Them landlord thinks it makes straightforward economic sense. Fergus Wilson owns 1,000 properties in the South East and decided to evict 200 tenants who were on housing benefit, because they thought they were at greater risk of defaulting.
"We are in business to make money. We are not a charity. If we went to the other extreme of having 100% people on benefits then we would go pop because of the default rate," they say.
"We've had a moral responsibility for a number of years, but it's just reached such a point that we cannot continue."
Vicky found another place to rent, but says it has been a brutal experience. "It just feels so unfair that in this day and age the rug can be pulled out from your feet like this," they say.
Low-income families are being hit by a combination of factors: cuts to welfare payments, rising rents and a shortage of social housing. And some are just falling through the gap.
'Like Victorian times'
Two years ago, Dean Miller was an executive working for a cosmetics company and they and their two children were living in a five-bedroom detached house in Surrey. When I met them, they were sleeping in a camper van.
"It's difficult for us. This is primitive stuff. This is what people did in the Victorian times," they say. "The children having to go to toilet in front of each other - leaning over buckets - it shouldn't happen in this country."
Image caption Dean borrowed the camper van from a friend
Every story of homelessness is different, but Dean's started with them falling ill and ended with their home being repossessed.
The family were offered council properties, but Dean and their wife were worried about crime. They could not afford private rented accommodation and in the end, their options ran out.
The camper van is old and borrowed from a friend. They got permission to park it in a church car park. At first they tried to make camping seem like an adventure for the children, but the novelty soon wore off.
So what is the answer? Housing charities say tenants need more security, and the country needs more house-building.
The government says overall homelessness is falling and that nearly £1bn has been set aside to help to struggle families.
In the end, the families I met all managed to find tenancies. But the trend is clear: a shortage of homes, and the rising cost of private rented accommodation is leaving a generation of families unsure how long they will hold on to their homes.
Watch Panorama, Britain's Homeless Families, BBC One, 23 June, 19:30 BST.
An Algerian man formerly incarcerated at Guantanamo Bay is suing the Canadian government for alleged torture at the hands of U.S. security forces.
Djamel Ameziane is seeking damages of $50 million on the grounds Canadian officials co-operated with American counterparts while knowing they were being abused.
Specifically, Canadian officials interviewed them in the famous prison and passed the material over to the Americans.
Ameziane was held in Gitmo for 11 years until their release in 2013. They were never charged or convicted for any crime.
It's all sounds similar to the facts behind the $10.5 million Omar Khadr payout. But here's the catch: Ameziane, unlike Khadr, is not a Canadian citizen.
Their only Canadian connection is living here, in Montreal, in the 1990s for five years. They sought refugee status, which was ultimately denied.
Both before and after they were detained, they lived in numerous other countries.
While in Montreal, according to American officials, they attended a mosque frequented by members of al-Qaida.
Ameziane is not suing the Americans. He's not suing anything other country. He's just suing Canada.
Why? Well, he's offered an explanation: “For many years, I had the idea of suing the Canadian government, but didn't know how, and honestly didn't know it was possible until I read the news about the settlement of Omar Khadr, who was my fellow inmate in Guantanamo Bay.”
There you have it. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's premature settlement with Khadr inspired Ameziane to seek their own pot of Canadian gold.
And according to Nate Whitling, lawyer for both Ameziane and Khadr, two more men will soon be coming forward with similar suits.
On July 6, shortly after Canada Day, we learned the Liberals decided to give Khadr $10.5 million. At the time, Trudeau argued this was a cost-saving measure.
“I'm concerned about the money as well, which as I said is why we settled,” they told media, explaining they believed the government would ultimately fight and lose more in court.
But clearly Trudeau's decision has had the opposite effect.
“We didn't arrest him, turn them over or (allegedly) torture him,” Lorne Gunter wrote in a recent column. “The Trudeau government must shed its usual political correctness and fight this vigorously.”
We agree.
Qualcomm is boosting the speeds for its most affordable smartphone processors. About a year after launching the Snapdragon 210 and 410 chips, Qualcomm is updating its lineup with new Snapdragon 212 and 412 models.
The new chips are based on the same architecture as their predecessors, but offer faster clock speeds and a few other improvements.
This entry-level chip is a 28nm quad-core ARM Cortex-A7 processor, just like last year's model. But it features CPU speeds up to 1.3 GHz, rather than 1.1 GHz.
Other features are pretty much unchanged, including Adreno 304 graphics, an integrated X5 LTE global modem, support for 802.11n WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1, Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 support, cameras up to 8MP and displays up to 1280 x 720 pixels.
Like the Snapdragon 410, this new chip for mid-range phones and tablets is a 28nm ARM Cortex-A53 quad-core processor. But the top clock speed has been increased from 1.2 GHz to 1.4 GHz per core.
Memory bandwidth has also been increased from 533 MHz to 600 MHz.
Other specs are the same as for last year's model, including Adreno 306 graphics, support for 1920 x 1200 pixel displays, 13.5MP cameras, Quick Charge 2.0, 802.11n WiFi, Bluetooth 4.1, and an integrated X5 global modem.
Thank you. It is a great pleasure to be here to discuss some of the important issues facing the Federal Reserve and other central banks in conducting monetary policy with a large balance sheet. I will focus on two main sets of issues that the Fed has faced and will continue to face for some time. The first involves our ongoing assessment of the effects of the asset purchases. The second concerns policy normalization in the presence of a very large balance sheet.
To set the stage, consider the size of the Fed's balance sheet over the past several years. Assets have risen from about $900 billion in 2006 to about $4.5 trillion today, or--as seen in figure 1--from 6 percent of nominal gross domestic product (GDP) to about 26 percent of nominal GDP. The net expansion over this period reflects primarily our large-scale asset purchase programs.
Of course, many other central banks have expanded their balance sheets substantially over recent years as well. For example, assets of the Bank of Japan have increased from about 20 percent of nominal GDP to more than 60 percent of nominal GDP over this period, and assets of the Swiss National Bank have increased from 20 percent of nominal GDP to more than 80 percent of nominal GDP. The net increase in assets of the European Central Bank has so far been more modest, with assets increasing from less than 10 percent of nominal GDP to more than 20 percent of nominal GDP--but their quantitative easing (QE) program is not yet under way.
For the remainder of my remarks, I will focus on the Fed, beginning with some remarks about the asset purchase programs.
The Federal Reserve Asset Purchase Programs
The nature of our purchase programs has changed over time. In the early programs--that is to say, QE1, QE2, and the program we call the MEP, or the maturity extension program, otherwise known as "Operation Twist"--the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) specified the expected quantities of assets to be acquired over a defined period. Early in the crisis, this strategy seemed to help bolster confidence that the Fed was acting aggressively to offset the tightening in credit conditions and the steep downturn in economic activity.
The communication of asset purchases changed with QE3. In September 2012, the FOMC launched an open-ended asset purchase program in which it directed the New York Fed's Open Market Desk to conduct purchases at an announced monthly pace until there was "significant improvement" in the outlook for the labor market. Later, the FOMC noted that the monthly pace of purchases was data dependent, allowing the pace to be revised up or down based on its assessment of progress toward its long-run objectives.
Both of these types of asset purchase programs were aimed at putting downward pressure on long-term yields.1 Table 1 provides a summary of various studies' estimated effects of these programs on the term premium on 10-year Treasury securities. For example, the decline in 10-year Treasury yields associated with the first purchase program is estimated to have been as large as 100 basis points. The documented effects associated with subsequent programs are generally smaller. These results raise the question of whether the marginal effect of asset purchases has declined over time. While that question is a valid one, our conclusion is that asset purchases over more recent years have provided meaningful stimulus to the economy, and continue to do so.
Figure 2 provides a current estimate, based on Fed staff calculations, of the effect on the term premium on 10-year Treasury securities from the combination of all asset programs.2 The results suggest that the Fed's balance sheet programs are currently depressing 10-year Treasury yields by about 110 basis points. And, with the Fed continuing to hold these securities, they should apply downward pressure on rates for some time.
The declines in long-term yields have led to an associated drop in long-term borrowing costs for households and firms and higher equity valuations. Thus, the asset purchases have helped make financial conditions overall more accommodative and have provided significant stimulus for the broader economy. As shown in figure 3, a recent study estimates that the QE programs along with increasingly explicit forward guidance have reduced the unemployment rate by 1-1/4 percentage points and increased the inflation rate by 1/2 percentage point relative to what would have occurred in the absence of these policies.3 Moreover, the estimates imply that these macroeconomic effects are only now manifesting themselves in full, reflecting the inherent lags in the monetary transmission mechanism. Of course, such estimates have a wide band of uncertainty around them.
As is well known, a number of potential costs might be associated with QE and the Fed's elevated balance sheet. Among these are the possibility that elevated securities holdings and low interest rates could pose risks to financial stability, possible effects on the Fed's income and remittances to the U.S. Treasury, and possible difficulties in conducting policy normalization.4 Such potential difficulties arise because the level of reserve balances will be very high when the FOMC begins to raise the federal funds rate, and, consequently, the Federal Reserve will employ new tools, which have their own benefits and costs, to implement monetary policy.
Despite these potential costs, we think that asset purchases have had a meaningful effect in promoting economic recovery and helping to keep inflation closer to the FOMC's 2 percent goal than would otherwise have been the case.
Policy Normalization
Turning to policy normalization, the FOMC and market participants anticipate that the federal funds rate will be raised sometime this year. We have for some years been considering ways to operate monetary policy with an elevated balance sheet.
Prior to the financial crisis, because reserve balances outstanding averaged only around $25 billion, relatively minor variations in the total amount of reserves supplied by the Desk could move the equilibrium federal funds rate up or down. With the nearly $3 trillion in excess reserves today, the traditional mechanism of adjustments in the quantity of reserve balances to achieve the desired level of the effective federal funds rate may well not be feasible or sufficiently predictable.
As discussed in the FOMC's statement on its Policy Normalization Principles and Plans, which was published following the September 2014 FOMC meeting, we will use the rate of interest paid on excess reserves (IOER) as our primary tool to move the federal funds rate into the target range.5 This action should encourage banks not to lend to any private counterparty at a rate lower than the rate they can earn on balances maintained at the Fed, which should put upward pressure on a range of short-term interest rates.
Because not all institutions have access to the IOER rate, we will also use an overnight reverse repurchase agreement (ON RRP) facility, as needed. In an ON RRP operation, eligible counterparties may invest funds with the Fed overnight at a given rate. The ON RRP counterparties include 106 money market funds, 22 broker-dealers, 24 depository institutions, and 12 government-sponsored enterprises, including several Federal Home Loan Banks, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Farmer Mac. This facility should encourage these institutions to be unwilling to lend to private counterparties in money markets at a rate below that offered on overnight reverse repos by the Fed. Indeed, testing to date suggests that ON RRP operations have generally been successful in establishing a soft floor for money market interest rates.6
The Fed could also employ other tools, such as term deposits issued through the Term Deposit Facility and term RRPs, to help drain reserves and put additional upward pressure on short-term interest rates. We have been testing these tools and believe they would help support money market rates, if needed.
Finally, with regard to balance sheet normalization, the FOMC has indicated that it does not anticipate sales of agency mortgage-backed securities, and that it plans to normalize the size of the balance sheet primarily by ceasing reinvestment of principal payments on its existing securities holdings when the time comes. As illustrated in figure 4, cumulative repayments of principal on our existing securities holdings from now through the end of 2025 are projected to be about $3.2 trillion. As a result, when the FOMC chooses to cease reinvestments, the size of the balance sheet will naturally decline, with a corresponding reduction in reserve balances.
Conclusion
I will close by highlighting that the Fed's asset purchases have been a critical means by which the FOMC has provided policy accommodation at the zero lower bound on nominal interest rates. In other words, the Fed--and other central banks--can implement an expansionary monetary policy even when the policy interest rate is at the zero lower bound. The current high level of securities holdings will present some challenges for policy normalization, but we are confident that we have the tools necessary to remove accommodation at the appropriate time and at the appropriate pace.
1. The Fed staff analysis has focused mostly on the so-called stock effects of the purchase programs--that is, persistent shifts in asset prices observed as the result of a QE program. While these stock effects are well documented in the literature, there have been relatively fewer studies of "flow effects" that may occur at the time of QE transactions (for example, see Stefania D'Amico and Thomas B. King (2013), "Flow and Stock Effects of Large-Scale Treasury Purchases: Evidence on the Importance of Local Supply," Journal of Financial Economics, vol. 108 (May), pp. 425-48; and John Kandrac and Bernd Schlusche (2013), "Flow Effects of Large-Scale Asset Purchases," Economics Letters, vol. 121 (November), pp. 330-35). Return to text
2. The estimates shown in figure 2 are based on an extension of the work done in Ihrig, Klee, Li, Schulte, and Wei (2012). Because the term premium effect depends on both the Fed's current and expected future asset holdings, most of this effect--without further unexpected policy actions--will likely wane over the next few years as the balance sheet begins to normalize. See Jane Ihrig, Elizabeth Klee, Canlin Li, Brett Schulte, and Min Wei (2012), "Expectations about the Federal Reserve's Balance Sheet and the Term Structure of Interest Rates (PDF)," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 2012-57 (Washington: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, July). Return to text
3. See Eric Engen, Thomas Laubach, and David Reifschneider (2015), "The Macroeconomic Effects of the Federal Reserve's Unconventional Monetary Policies (PDF)," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 2015‑005 (Washington: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, January). Return to text
4. Reflecting securities holdings from the asset purchases, the Federal Reserve has remitted about $500 billion to the U.S. Treasury from 2008 to 2014 and is expected to have cumulative net income from 2008 to 2025 that is far higher than would have been the case in the absence of these asset purchases. Return to text
5. See Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (2014), "Federal Reserve Issues Statement on Policy Normalization Principles and Plans," press release, September 17. Return to text
6. Policymakers have discussed benefits and costs of an ON RRP facility. For further discussion on this topic, see, for example, the FOMC minutes for June 2014, July 2014, and January 2015 available on the Board's webpage "Federal Open Market Committee: Meeting Calendars, Statements, and Minutes (2009-2015)" ; and Josh Frost, Lorie Logan, Antoine Martin, Patrick McCabe, Fabio Natalucci, and Julie Remache (2015), "Overnight RRP Operations as a Monetary Policy Tool: Some Design Considerations (PDF)," Finance and Economics Discussion Series 2015-010 (Washington: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, February). Return to text
Like a benign but permanent venereal disease contracted when we were drunk and desperate, Sarah Palin has flared up again. We really thought we'd seen the last of them – we'd been so very good. We quit boozing, quit smoking, exercised regularly, and yet here it is Friday morning and Sarah's beady eyes are popping up all over our news feeds. And no, we shouldn't scratch that itch; it'll only make it worse. But it's time to face facts, America. We've got Sarah Palin, and she's not going anywhere.
Having been upstaged by Donald Trump in the realm of political WTF-ery, Ms. Palin seems to have reinvented themselves as the face of pseudo-political climate change denial. Y'all may not remember when Palin compared the science of climate change to eugenics two years ago, but Django remembers.
Well, Django and Pepperidge Farm.
So what has the former almost-one-term Governor of Alaska done this time? They impugned the esteemed honor of Bill Nye, whom the French call l'homme de science.
“Bill Nye is as much a scientist as I am,” Palin said at the Thursday premiere of Climate Hustle (and, oh yeah, we'll get to what the hell that is in a moment). “He's a kids' show actor,” they added. “He's not a scientist.”
Let's get this out of the way real quick: Bill Nye is not a scientist. That is 100 percent true. And do you know who has always been the first to admit that? Bill “Mother-Lovin'” Nye.
Mr. Nye is, rather, a “science guy,” a playful nickname that carries over from the days when they did indeed host a kid show that dared to teach kids how the world works. You know, so they wouldn't grow into adults that said things like feminists “want to invalidate and discredit women who are working hard and raising a family” or that a black president will bring the nation back to “days before the Civil War.”
However, despite Nye's not being a scientist, their scientific credentials are unimpeachable. The man has a mechanical engineering degree from Cornell, where they were a visiting professor, they hold several patents, they are a renowned science educator and – though I admit the science aspect is flimsy here, it must be said – he's quite a dancer.
Nye also holds honorary doctorate degrees from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Goucher College and Johns Hopkins.
And, oh yeah, they helped design a sun dial for NASA that's sitting on Mars right now.
Let's compare that CV to Sarah Palin, who attended five colleges in the span of six years and graduated with a degree in Communications. She's also done some work for Fox News, exploited their children for political brownie points, turned the 2008 Republican presidential campaign into a laughingstock and wrote a few sci-fi novels about human-grizzly bear hybrids.
And now Sarah is laying down a diss track for Bill as a way to promote the film, Climate Hustle. Co-produced by Marc Morano, a former Republican aide and founder of the climate skeptic website ClimateDepot.com, the “documentary” posits that human-made global warming is a hoax. (Others have posited that ClimateDepot is a shill for fossil fuel interests, but let's not get carried away.)
The Guardian recently asked Ms. Palin why they support the film. They said this:
“I want people to feel empowered to ask questions about what is being fed them from the science community um, that, uh, something's not making a whole lot of sense when it comes to inconsistent data that's being produced and being fed especially to our children when it comes to global warming, or climate change. Whatever they're calling it today.”
In the video, the unflappable Sarah looks like she's having a hard time choking down the chunks of horse apples she's trying to serve the public, but maybe I'm not watching it properly. I, unlike the former Vice-Presidential candidate, do not have a Communications degree.
In the interview, Palin goes on to make three statements that are actually more incendiary than their jibe against Mr. Nye: 1) They believe Donald Trump “makes a lot of sense”; 2) They don't “believe” the statistical fact that 97 percent of climate scientists agree that carbon emissions are contributing to global warming; 3) They believe that global warming is a political agenda to stymy development.
In that last point, Palin is absolutely right. The Illuminati have been trying to get Americans to switch to clean, renewable energies for years at the expense of oil and coal development because they're viciously prejudiced against strokes, pulmonary disease and asthma, all symptoms of smog pollution. Less fossil fuel burning means less smog, and less smog means Beyonce can sing higher notes. That conspiracy is on lock.
But something still seems off about Sarah's beef with the Science Guy. Why would this intransigent case of public VD suddenly go off on a man so beloved by children and so revered by people who enjoy learning? The Illuminati angle got me thinking about similar beefs in the music industry. For insight, I contacted California hip-hop artist Zaid Tabani, who recently went viral after responding to a public diss. Tabani offered this concise explanation of Palin's strategy:
“Sarah Palin calling out Bill Nye is like Meek Mill calling out Tupac. At some point with all of the L's you've taken it'd probably be prudent to shut the fuck up, as nobody's listening to you, and those who are aren't up to date in the conversation.”
I have nothing to add to that, save this: Ms. Palin, Bill Nye is more a scientist than you will ever be.
There, I've scratched the itch. Now let's bust out some ointment and “change the world,” as Mr. Nye would say.
Based loosely around the lore of The Expanse, Cowboy Bebop and SWN.
The crew of the Wayward Suns find themselves travelling around the quadrant on borrowed money and time as they attempt to make a life for themselves out in the black, doing whatever is necessary to stay alive in a world gone mad. The inhabited systems are full of conflict, with brutal civil wars, pirate fleets and corporate paid death squads lurking around the corner, it would seem there is no safe place to be for those in search of their own freedom.
But as of today, the verse has offered you a hand, an opportunity to leave the muck covered streets of the city and into the vast expanse of space. As the mysterious contact you've come to know for the past couple of weeks... offers you a ship, in exchange for the procurement of some extremely illegal tech.
-- Out Of Game --
My style of GM'ing is that of pen and paper, I don't usually use make many maps other than for star maps and otherwise will use some well placed dots and lines for combat. I won't constantly push against you all the time, the Verse is harsh but I'm never going to be your enemy and will usually rule in the favor of the players. Really I'm just going to tell the story that is created and will always be open to whatever pathways you create. But this galaxy is still an unforgiving place to be in, so don't look at me with those doe eyes when you explode trying to ram your ship into a frigate.
You can expect to be hauling cargo and exchanging fire with strangers in alleys regularly in this campaign, while in between you'll be encountering the wackiness of space as anything from alien organisms to space wizards goes in this campaign.
There is quite a focus on roleplay, so players intending to join need to be open to the idea of in a way being their character and not simply just playing some game. So you just can't sit on a fence and do nothing during the game, it's an absolute requirement you bring something to the game and try to make the sessions fun for everyone else at the table. When you're playing, the dice won't do your job for you, so you'll need to get an understanding for what it is your character does, get into the specifics of their skillset and be able to say exactly what you want to do with your skills. By design a number of fluff skills were removed(Leadership/Tactics) and the persuasion skill really only comes up for deception checks and is otherwise not used much in conversation to determine the success of a player's argument.
Otherwise if you're comfortable with roleplaying to specifics, staying in character and telling a good story then this is likely the place for you.
-- RULES AND SUCH --
The following are things you cannot do in my campaign, if I find you doing them in my games I will likely consider removing you. You won't need to remember some crazy handbook for the game or anything, this is more of a warning sign to bad roleplayers that I'm not going to let them mess with my players.
Powergaming: When you are no longer playing your character but just playing to win, in which you act out of your character's knowledge/boundaries and just simply try to game the system as effectively as possible.
Metagaming: When you use out of game information to benefit yourself, even though your character could never possibly be aware of that information.
Rules Lawyering: This should be slightly obvious as it's a homebrew campaign, but I want to point this out so nobody joins up expecting the game to be by the books. It's just not and the rules will get messed with a lot more than you are used to.
Russia will test launch a controversial missile over the next several weeks that U.S. officials say is raising new concerns about Moscow's growing strategic nuclear arsenal and Russia's potential violations of arms treaties.
The RS-26 missile is expected to be deployed with multiple supersonic, maneuvering warheads designed to defeat U.S. missile defenses in Europe, U.S. officials told Inside the Ring.
A House defense aide said the new missile appears to violate the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, based on recent tests and Russian statements that it is designed to thwart U.S. defenses. The treaty bans missiles with ranges of between 310 and 3,400 miles.
“The Russians are advertising this as a system capable of defeating U.S. missile defenses in Europe,” the aide said. “At the same time, the State Department is accepting Russia's claim that this is an ICBM and doesn't violate INF. It can't be both.”
The Air Force National Space and Missile Intelligence Center reported recently that Russia's June 6 test of an RS-26 was a test-firing of an intermediate-range missile disguised as an intercontinental ballistic missile.
Russian officials have denied that the RS-26 violates the INF Treaty, claiming it has a range greater than the treaty threshold of 3,410 miles.
However, Moscow officials in recent months have said the INF Treaty must be altered or scrapped to balance China's growing arsenal of intermediate-range missiles. The Russians also have been quoted in state-controlled press reports as saying the new missile will be used to defeat and destroy U.S. and NATO missile defenses in Europe.
The Obama administration is deploying land- and sea-based defenses in and around Europe to counter Iranian long-range missiles.
Officials familiar with intelligence reports said the next test-firing of the RS-26 is expected in December.
In June, Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin described it as a “missile defense killer” after a successful test flight with dummy warheads.
The new missile will be equipped with three multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles, or MIRVs. What is new is that the warheads are super-high-speed vehicles capable of maneuvering from missile interceptors. The maneuvering warheads are considered advanced technology that will increase the precision targeting of the missile system.
The missile also reportedly will be equipped with a high-performance fuel that boosts acceleration shortly after launch, a feature useful for avoiding anti-missile interceptors.
The U.S. officials commented on the missile development after Russia's RIA Novosti news agency reported Oct. 3 that the next RS-26 test will be conducted before the end of the year from the Kapustin Yar test range.
The new missile is raising questions under the 2010 New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START). The treaty does not prohibit modernizing strategic weapons but allows each side “to question” whether a new type of strategic arm is being developed.
Pentagon spokesperson Lt. Col. Damienn Pickert declined to comment on the RS-26, citing a policy of not discussing intelligence matters.
“Our ballistic missile defense (BMD) capabilities currently protect the U.S. homeland against a limited ICBM attack,” Col. Pickert said. “U.S. BMD systems remain focused on defending from ballistic missile threats like those posed by North Korea and Iran. They are not directed at Russia. We remain confident in the ability of our BMD capabilities to defend the United States and its allies against this growing threat.
The RS-26 will add to Russia's formidable and growing arsenal, which includes SS-27 and SS-29 road-mobile, solid-fuel missiles; a new submarine-launched nuclear missile called Bulava; and plans for a new silo-based ICBM. Russia also announced plans to build rail-mobile ICBMs that were deployed during the Soviet-era and later dismantled.
Under the 2010 U.S.-Russia New START, both countries are to reduce deployed strategic warheads to 1,550. The treaty, however, does not prohibit Russia's development and deployment of new strategic missile systems and weapons.
The strategic nuclear buildup is Moscow's response to U.S. missile defenses, which Russia opposes as threatening its strategic nuclear forces.
The Obama administration has said U.S. missile defenses would not be used against Russian or Chinese nuclear missiles, although both nations have rejected the U.S. claims.
Russian government procurement documents provided the first official confirmation of the RS-26 on Sept. 23 when discussing insurance liability for related to test launches, Russia's Vedomosti news outlet reported Oct. 1.
A Russian defense official told Interfax this week that the RS-26 “is fitted with advanced warheads that travel at supersonic speeds and are able to perform altitude and course maneuvers.”
LIMITATIONS IN SPACE
China's military issued an unusually harsh denunciation of Rep. Frank R. Wolf over their sponsoring of legislation that would restrict U.S.-China space cooperation.
Mr. Wolf, chairperson of the House Appropriations subcommittee on commerce, justice and science, wrote an open letter to NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden Jr. last week that described the agency's Ames Research Center as “a rat's nest of inappropriate and possibly illegal activities.”
The member of congress was critical of the NASA center for what they said were inaccurate comments that appeared in a British newspaper about restrictions on U.S.-China space cooperation.
Mr. Wolf, Virginia Republican, said China is deserving of criticism for its human rights abuses, espionage and cyberattacks, and growing space warfare capabilities, including the recent test of a satellite that captured another satellite with a robotic arm.
In response, PLA Daily, the newspaper of the Chinese military, reported Oct. 11 that NASA's blocking of Chinese scientists to an international astronomy conference resulted from anti-communist fervor.
“In their open letter to Bolden, Wolf, as usual, continued to violently slander China for the so-called theft of military and commercial secrets, and alleged that China would be provided with more opportunities for stealing secrets from the U.S. if the two countries seek cooperation in spaceflight,” the newspaper stated.
The Chinese accused Mr. Wolf of being part of a group that has “long been clinging to the Cold War mentality and prejudiced against China.” The paper then said China and the U.S. are important “space powers,” and noted the use by U.S. astronauts of a Chinese space station in the new Hollywood movie “Gravity.”
China is seeking greater access to U.S. technology, including space know-how, but has been blocked because Beijing's space program is run by its military, which is developing high-technology space warfare capabilities, including missiles, killer satellites and lasers.
ISRAELI STRIKE COMING?
Talks in Geneva on Iran's nuclear program are triggering fears within U.S. intelligence agencies that Israel is hardening its stance on Iran and could conduct a military attack to stave off what the Jewish state believes is a delaying tactic for Tehran to buy time to build nuclear weapons.
The clearest indicator of growing Israeli concerns, according to defense officials, is the recent large-scale Israeli air force drill Tuesday in the northern part of the country. The exercises along the northern border and over the Mediterranean were considered unusually large.
An Israeli defense source told Israel's Walla! news outlet: “Changes have recently occurred in the Middle East. The [Israeli Defense Force] is preparing for those changes in both the closer and more distant perimeters, and yesterday's exercise was intended to signal the IDF's serious intention of dealing with those problems and thwarting them.”
Additionally, Israeli air forces conducted long-range fighter exercises last week involving in-flight refueling practice.
The talks in Geneva have produced press reports that the Obama administration is preparing to ease sanctions on Iran following conciliatory statements by Iranian President Hassan Rouhani at the U.N. last month.
Israeli Minister of Strategic and Intelligence Affairs Yuval Steinitz, a confidant of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, said Wednesday that Israel would welcome an agreement to end Iran's nuclear arms program. But Israel remains concerned that “Geneva 2013 could become Munich 1938,” Mr. Steinitz said, referring to the agreement appeasing Nazi Germany's seizure of Czech territory in the months before the outbreak of World War II.
• Bill Gertz can be reached at @BillGertz.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
JAMES STUHLMAN, 51, was walking their dog at 8:30 p.m. in the evening last week in the Overbrook section of Philadelphia when they were approached by three black teens with a gun and the intent to rob someone. The married father begged them not to shoot them but one of the boys did, repeatedly. Stuhlman was pronounced dead a short time later.
This is where modern racial egalitarianism (not true racial equality) leads, to a white man begging for their life before witless adolescents who can't see ahead to tomorrow let alone to a lifetime in prison, where they will almost certainly be brutalized again and again by older black men who would have been put to death for serious crimes in any society that cared for justice.
Get out the teddy bears and bouquets! Get out the candles! Let's cry and act as if Stuhlman was hit by a bolt of lightning or some other unstoppable force of nature, rather than gunned down by a black, armed adolescent, who was probably surrounded by criminality all their life and who probably went to a public school where you can even hit a teacher without being expelled, in the sort of act of violence that is all too common in American cities and is greeted with virtually no moral indignation. Better yet, let's say these boys were suffering from boredom. They should have been given something to do.
— Comments —
Joe A. writes:
Philadelphia all but forbids concealed firearm carry permits to its citizens. It boasts a black mayor, a black district attorney and a black police chief – all three of whom do a half decent job, all things considered. But the party line has long been that violent crime is the product of “institutional racism.” Philadelphia is manifestly “vibrant” and “colorful” yet this man is dead just the same.
There was a time when Philadelphians were made of sterner stuff, because begging for one's life is not a strategy.
Mark Jaws writes:
I hate to say this, but what type of white man raises a family with a young teenage girl, in which the neighborhood high school is 99% black? White men – even liberal ones – have to start using their brains, before they get blown out of their cranial cavities!
Laura writes:
I can't criticize this man. When I look at their face, I want to cry. Black psychopaths seem to target especially decent people.
Can you imagine the suffering that is in store for their daughter? To know your father was gunned down in cold-blood and their murderer is in prison watching porn and lifting weights must be a unique hell.
Mr. Jaws writes:
You're not criticizing them – I am. Big difference. And by not criticizing him, we run the risk of letting this infection spread.
Laura writes:
I saw an interview with Police Commissioner Charles Ramsay about this and they said it was amazing how stupid this crime was because these boys had nothing to gain. It was stupid, of course, but that's not the first adjective that comes to mind. When you shoot someone who is begging for their life, you are lacking in all human empathy. “Sadistic” is the first word that comes to mind.
I do feel sorry for these boys (or young men) too. They have lost everything at a very young age. They are victims in a sense too, not of institutional racism, but of a culture that marinates them in violence, pornography, resentment and arrogance.
James P. writes:
I am unclear on whether the Overbrook section of Philadelphia is “bad” or not – i.e., was Stuhlman's encounter with black criminals particularly likely or unlikely?
Laura writes:
No, it is not exactly “bad.” The high school is mostly black but I think there are neighborhoods that are still mostly white and middle class. I can't locate demographics at the moment. It is on the outskirts of the city close to St. Joseph's University.
Fundamental Elements release The Prerequisite on Clockwork Records
Brisbane, what the fuck is in your water?
It's a question we've been asking ourselves for a moment now. As a whole, the Hip Hop scene in Australia has always prided themselves on ‘staying true to the art'. Whatever your interpretation of that broad sweeping statement may be. If we take a closer look, there are few cities that embody that ethos perfectly. Some would argue none more so than Brisbane.
The hip hop coming out of Brisbane lately has been outstanding. It continues to rate as some of the best underground hip hop from around the country. Artists such as the Hilltop Hoods Initiative winner I AM D, Verbill, Def Man Walking, Dwizofoz, Exit Strategy, Rezadent, Koz, Nuggy G, and more continue to build upon quality drops and we're not even scratching the surface here. Another crew from B-Town doing big, big things is the Fundamental Elements outfit.
Comprised of emcees Species and Pleura, the two have always shared the vision of putting boom bap back to the forefront of a genre that at times, has “lost focus” here in Australia. Their latest release comes in the form of a 6 track EP titled The Prerequisite. Let us tell you right now, this one has landed right on the money. With the lead single and title track first coming to light a month or so ago, it's been a whirlwind couple of weeks for the Brisbane locals.
The newly released single dropped alongside a classically styled hip hop clip, raw and gritty. Production on the album is straight up head nodding shit, in it's purist form. Don't expect some electronic wankery with a vibed out emcee, eyes barley open. This is that 100% boom bap shit.
This can't be brought, yeah it must be earned,
and it can't be tought but it can be learned
if you want the spot better wait your turn
if you rock with the gimmick then you will get burnt.
Yo this can't be brought, yeah it must be earned,
and it can't be fought but it can be learned
if you play the sport with the uniform
if you conform to the norm then y'all been warned.
The Fundamental Elements have continued with their mission, combining killer rhymes and dope samples, woven seamlessly throughout heavy drums, snares & claps, all sealed off with those deadly cuts. Rhymes from Species and Pluera are as tight as you'd expect, we could forgive you for thinking these two are veterans in the game.
Topics are braggadocio, honest and in your face, there's no Gucci Bars here. With track names such as Y'all Been Warned, 6 Feet Deep and The Sickness expect some neck snapping bars. Features on the album have been kept to a minimum with Nuggy Gee, Insideous & DJ Upryt appearing only on the last track of the album.
So, has Brisbane been doing something different to the rest of the cities around Australia? As outsiders we can only take a look at the evidence before us and that evidence leads us straight back to Brisbane's originators. What knowledge, skills or practices did these predecessors pass on to the younger generations that other cities may have not?
A quick look around Australia and one thing is clear. Many of the scenes older more established artists have now reached commercial success. They have firmly left the underground and it's strict ethics behind. Brisbane could be considered an exception to this fact.
Brisbane's pioneer artists including Lazy Grey, The Optimen, Tommy Illfigga, Jake Biz, and more have always remained true to the underground and it's expected standards. To this day many of these artists are still dropping quality music and rocking shows as hard as anyone going around. This continued pride in the underground has set a brilliant example to the younger and up and coming artists from Brisbane.
The lesson, be yourself and the rest will happen on it's own. Don't compromise your music for anyone… anyone!! You can pick up Fundamental Elements The Prerequisite on vinyl, CD and digital release by following the links below.
Official || Facebook || Purchase
The latest plans for the Forbes Avenue Betterment Project in Oakland were revealed by PennDOT, Carnegie Mellon University and other planning partners at a public meeting Monday night.
The updated plans incorporate designs based on public feedback from previous meetings, including widened crosswalks, traffic signal upgrades, and protected bike lanes. It also integrates infrastructure needed for the Port Authority's planned Bus Rapid Transit lanes and stops.
When the proposal was initially presented to the public last year, it was met with pushback from advocates, who said it didn't go far enough to improve both safety and connectivity.
“I'm really pleased to see how far this project has evolved over the last year,” Executive Director of Bike Pittsburgh Scott Bricker said at Monday's meeting. “I think the cycling community feels listened to by all the different parties involved.”
PennDOT assistant district executive for design Cheryl Moon-Sirianni said the next step will come in the next few months. The city of Pittsburgh will repaint the street lines on Forbes Avenue with the new traffic flow patterns.
“They're doing that to see how it works, so when we come in with the bigger project where we're going to put more permanent type paving markings down, we'll already have a bit of a trial run through that section,” Moon-Sirianni said.
The bid for the project's construction will go out in the coming months, and work is expected to take place between March and October 2018. The project cost of the improvements is approximately ten million dollars.
Share
This past weekend, I spent hours perusing the do-it-yourself onslaught that is Maker Faire New York, an annual, kid-friendly event that celebrates science and individual ingenuity. The show was predictably packed with homemade Arduino-powered robots, hobbyist drones, and Etsy-like crafts. But one category clearly stole the show: 3D printing.
Hoards of enraptured DIYers crowded around the booth of MakerBot, a Brooklyn-based 3D printer company that just launched its latest product, the Replicator 2. Unlike many of the other 3D printers showcased at Maker Faire, the $2,200 Replicator 2 comes pre-assembled, and includes easy-to-use software for turning CAD designs — the files that tell the 3D printer what to print — into real objects.
While MakerBot appears to be floating atop a cloud of palpable excitement from the DIY crowd, policy experts warn that the many industries that could be threatened by accessible 3D printing technology may soon begin pushing for legislation that will pop the 3D bubble.
3D printing 101
For the uninitiated: 3D printers work much like an ink printer. But instead of ink, a more substantial material (often a kind of polymer) is fed out of the machine, layer by layer, to build up whatever object it is that a user decides to make. Here's a quick video I shot this weekend of one 3D printer in action. (It's making a toy robot.):
The excitement that flutters around 3D printing is entirely understandable, even for a crotchety skeptic like myself: Consumer-level 3D printing has the very real ability to disrupt an unfathomable number of industries, from manufacturing to shipping, to you-name-it. Those excited about 3D printing, like a number of Maker Faire attendees I spoke with, all dreamed of a future when, rather than ordering a new thing — say, a replacement part for your vacuum cleaner — you simply download the CAD design file for the item, and print it out. In fact, that future has already arrived.
MakerBot's Replicator 2 is clearly the next evolution of home 3D printing, which enthusiasts believe will only become more popular as prices fall, designs become more readily available and user-friendly, and the user interfaces improve to the point when anyone can print out out anything at the push of a button. Automatically creating anything you want or need will be as simple as microwaving a baked potato.
Danger!
There is, of course, at least one major snag in this plan: The industries that would almost certainly be put out of business by 3D printing, were it to become a household norm, are not going to go down without a fight, say legal experts. And what will be their weapon of choice? Intellectual property laws, of course.
The presumed fear is that people will eventually be able to download CAD files, or create their own with advanced 3D scanners, of anything in the world: shoes, televisions, guitars, iPhones, and on, and on. Yes, 3D printer users would likely have to create these object piece-by-piece (as is currently the case). But in the end, they would still have a complete product. So just as the movie and music industries have gone after bit-torrent files and the sites that share them in their war against online piracy, so too will manufacturers attack CAD files and CAD file sharing, experts watching the space believe.
“As incumbent companies begin to see small-scale 3D printing as a threat, they will inevitably attempt to restrict it by expanding intellectual property protections,” wrote Michael Weinberg, a staff lawyer for Public Knowledge, in a recently published white paper on 3D printing. “In doing so they will point to easily understood injuries to existing business models (caused by 3D printing or not) such as lost sales, lower profits, and reduced employment.”
Prepare for battle
This is a cycle we've seen before. Weinberg notes that “incumbent companies” put up similar fights against the printing press, photo copiers, VCRs, and even the personal computer. In the case of the PC, writes Weinberg, “these interests pushed through laws like the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) that made it harder to use computers in new and innovative ways.” The challenge for the fledgling 3D printing industry is to understand “how intellectual property law relates to 3D printing, and how changes might impact 3D printing's future,” so that it will be ready to fight “before incumbents try to cripple 3D printing with restrictive intellectual property laws.”
While patent and trademark law may be used by established industries to trample 3D printing, both have a number of limitations that will make them difficult to use against home 3D printing, explains Weinberg. Instead, threatened industries will likely seek to strengthen copyright laws to make the recreation of objects — or even the creation of objects that perform the same function as a copyrighted item — illegal.
“Useful objects could be protected for decades after creation. Mechanical and functional innovation could be frozen by fears of massive copyright infringement lawsuits,” warns Weingberg. “Furthermore, articles that the public is free to recreate and improve upon today (such as a simple mug or bookend) would become subject to inaccessible and restrictive licensing agreements.”
At the very least, says Weinberg, “rightsholders could insist that, in order to avoid liability, 3D printer manufacturers incorporate restrictive DRM that would prevent their printers from reproducing CAD designs with ‘do not copy' watermarks.”
What next?
As mentioned, the goal of Weinberg's paper is to prepare the 3D printing industry and its customers for a coming legal battle over this emerging technology. For the moment, however, 3D printing remains a niche hobby — and an expensive one at that. Even the least expensive 3D printers, ones that must be put together at home and almost require a computer science degree to get working properly, cost around $1,000. And most of what can be made using a 3D printer are small nicknacks: figurines, gears, or nifty pieces of artwork — items that littered many of the Maker Faire booths this weekend. But if the technology were free to advance at its current rate, say enthusiasts, one day soon, it may be possible to create an unlimited number of things, both original creations or replicas of other products.
If Weinberg is right, so-called incumbent companies will flex whatever muscles they can to stop that day from ever arriving. And if you believe the hype around the possibilities of 3D printing, it's hard to not feel at least a bit of sympathy for these companies (and those they employ); the danger of disruption really is, it seems, that high. After all, “you wouldn't steal a car,” as the now-infamous anti-piracy ad asserted. No — but what if you could download one?
Europa dream begins for Turkish teams
Odessa, BUCHAREST
AA photo
Fenerbahçe, whose new coach won the UEFA Europe League with Zenit in 2008, will kick off its campaign with a Group A encounter with Ukraine's Zorya, while Osmanlıspor, the other Turkish team in the competition, will take on Steaua Bucureşti.Zorya Luhansk will face a stern test in their debut match in a UEFA group stage when it plays host to European regular Fenerbahçe.The UEFA Europa League fixture is Zorya's maiden encounter with a Turkish opposition.Fenerbahçe has not won in six games against Ukrainian teams, all of them versus Shakhtar Donetsk or Dynamo Kyiv.Most recently, the Yellow Canaries lost 3-0 to Shakhtar last term in the second leg of a UEFA Champions League third qualifying round tie.A semi-finalist in 2012-13, Fenerbahçe successfully negotiated all four of their previous UEFA Cup and UEFA Europa League group stage campaigns.Fenerbahçe won their two fixtures in this season's qualifying competition without conceding, beating the Grasshoppers 5-0 on aggregate.Fenerbahçe's Robin van Persie, a former Manchester United and Feyenoord striker, won the competition with boyhood club Feyenoord in 2002.Coach Yuriy Vernydub has been in charge at Zorya since stepping up from their role as assistant coach in November 2011.A Russian Cup winner with Zenit in 1999, toward the end of their playing career, they steered Zorya to a fourth-place finish in Ukraine last season.Dick Advocaat is in their first term with Fenerbahçe and their side is under heavy pressure at home for gaining only one point in the first three Spor Toto Super League games.Meanwhile, Osmanlıspor striker Raul Rusescu may find allegiances tested when their current side takes on old club Steaua Bucureşti in their opening Group L fixture.The sides are meeting for the first time, as this is Osmanlıspor's first encounter with Romanian opponents.Steaua's record in nine meetings with Turkish sides is four wins, three draws and two losses.Osmanlıspor has won all three of their European home games this season without conceding. It reached the group stage unbeaten in six qualifying games.This is Osmanlıspor's first UEFA group stage campaign. It previously competed in Europe under the name Ankaraspor.Meanwhile, fresh from giving their players a rollicking, Jose Mourinho's focus turns from Manchester United's derby defeat to European action with a tricky Europa League opener at in-form Feyenoord on Sept. 15.It will be the Portuguese manager's first game in the second-tier European competition since winning its predecessor, the UEFA Cup, with Porto in 2003 and they say they are taking it seriously.Mourinho's unbeaten start as United manager came to a stuttering stop on Sept. 10, as long-time nemesis Pep Guardiola's Manchester City left Old Trafford with a 2-1 victory.United can expect a tough Group A opener at Feyenoord, which is top of the Dutch league having won all five of their matches this season, and has pedigree in the competition.
Esgenoôpetitj First Nation, also known as Burnt Church, has re-elected the chief and six of the councillors who were dismissed by a federal cabinet order after an investigation found evidence of vote buying in the 2014 election.
Ron Levesque, spokesperson for Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada, confirmed via email Alvery Paul was re-elected as chief in the June 11 election in the northeastern Mi'kmaq community, along with the following band councillors:
Jason Dean Barnaby - Elected
Christopher [Jason] Bonnell - Re-Elected
Carrie Dedam - Re-Elected
Clark Dedam - Re-Elected
Derek Dedam - Re-Elected
Irene Dedam - Elected
Billy Jack Francis - Re-Elected
Deanna Joe - Elected
Gerald Lambert - Elected
Lorna Paul - Elected
Mary Lita Richardson - Re-Elected
Carla Ann Ward - Elected
Chief Paul was not available for comment.
The entire band council was dismissed by a federal cabinet order after an investigation found evidence of vote buying in the 2014 election.
Gov. Gen. David Johnston issued the order on April 21 on the recommendation of the minister of Indigenous and Northern Affairs. No information about the nature of the evidence was revealed.
But "following a review of all particulars and documents filed in connection with the appeal, which included a report prepared by an independent investigator," Minister Carolyn Bennett "is satisfied that there was corrupt practice in connection with the election," it states.
The dismissals came after a nearly two-year investigation — just weeks before the band council members' terms were set to expire.
Curtis Bartibogue filed an appeal of the 2010 election. They served on the band council for about 10 years. They told CBC News in April that band council candidates offering cash in exchange for votes had been going on for a long time. They could not be reached for comment on this story.
Metepenagiag election
The Metepenagiag Mi'kmaq Nation. also known as Red Bank, also held an election on June 11, re-electing Chief Bill Ward and the following councillors for a two-year term:
Memorial Day, originally called Decoration Day as it originated in the years following the Civil War and became an official federal holiday in 1971. It is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country's armed forces. Memorial Day is observed on the last Monday of May.
Many people visit cemeteries and memorials on Memorial Day and it is traditionally seen as the start of the summer season. Here we have compiled some of the best Memorial Day Quotes and Wishes in memory of our honoured dead that capture the meaning of Memorial Day.
Memorial Day Quotes and Wishes
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the armed services make to defend our way of life.
— Robin Hayes
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers and woods, it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle.
— George William Curtis
True patriotism isn't cheap. It's about taking on a fair share of the burden of keeping America going.
— Robert Reich
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call them to a higher plain.
— George McGovern
Memorial Day isn't just about honoring veterans, its honoring those who lost their lives. Veterans had the fortune of coming home. For us, that's a reminder of when we come home we still have a responsibility to serve. It's a continuation of service that honors our country and those who fell defending it.
— Pete Hegseth
137 years later, Memorial Day remains one of America's most cherished patriotic observances. The spirit of this day has not changed – it remains a day to honor those who died defending our freedom and democracy.
—Doc Hastings
The willingness of America's veterans to sacrifice for our country has earned them our lasting gratitude.
— Jeff Miller
On Memorial Day, I don't want to only remember the combatants. There were also those who came out of the trenches as writers and poets, who started preaching peace, men and women who have made this world a kinder place to live.
— Eric Burdon
Photos that Show the Real Reason for Memorial Day
So never look back what the country has done for you, but what you can do for your country is important in order to make progress of your country. Share these Memorial Day Quotes, wishes or images to celebrate this especial day in memory of our honoured dead.
This paramedic mom has shed almost 98lbs in just eight-months after they were repeatedly called 'fat' by their ex-husband and couldn't carry medical equipment upstairs without losing them breath.
Katrina Eddy, 33, was previously in a verbally abusive marriage where they would seek solace in food and after their divorce they would eat out of boredom, often turning to fast food.
The mother, from Gaston, Oregon, felt embarrassed of their size and used to think that patients wouldn't have faith in their abilities because of their weight. At their heaviest, Katrina tipped the scales at 250lbs and was a size 20.
Before: A paramedic mother lost 98lbs in just eight-months after being in a verbally abusive marriage, repeatedly being called 'fat' by their ex-husband and seeking solace in food
After: Katrina Eddy, 33, used to feel embarrassed of their size when they were at their heaviest weight of 250lbs and was a size 20
Surgery: Realizing they were risking their career and life by being overweight, the mother from Gaston, Oregon opted to have a gastric bypass in January 2017
Realizing they were risking their career and life by being overweight, Katrina opted to have a gastric bypass in January this year.
Katrina now eats less than their seven-year-old daughter and their diet consists of meat, cheese, vegetables and fruit with limited sugar and carbs. They have also taken up kickboxing and weights and is a svelte 153lbs and a size 6.
'I was previously in a verbally abusive marriage where I was called fat on a daily basis,' they said.
'So, to fight back I would eat more. Looking back, not the best plan, but I was in a bad place. After the divorce I would eat out of boredom. I was too tired to cook so I grabbed fast food.'
'I was embarrassed by how I looked. I felt like when people met me, they wouldn't be able to look past my weight.
'As a paramedic I was less confident because I thought patients wouldn't have faith in my skills helping them because I was too big. I wore a smile but underneath I was so self-conscious and ashamed.
Abuse: In their previous abusive marriage they used to be fat-shamed so they would eat more to fight back and after the divorce they would eat out of boredom
Diet: The mother-of-four now eats less than their seven-year-old daughter and their diet consists of meat, cheese, vegetables and fruit with limited sugar and carbs
Be careful: While she's happy with their bypass procedure, they warn other people thinking of doing it that it's tough, 'weight loss surgery is not a quick fix, it is not the easy way out'
'When I couldn't carry my medical kits up a flight of stairs to a patient without feeling like I couldn't breathe, it was time to change. How could I help others if I couldn't take care of myself.
'My profession is what gave me the confidence to finally put myself first. I love my job, and I'm good at it. I love helping others and I love learning as medicine changes but I was risking my career and my passion. I couldn't keep doing what I was doing.'
Katrina has remarried and has two step children and two children who are their own and juggles this with working between 60-80 hours a week. Initially, after surgery certain foods would make them feel sick but for Katrina, losing weight has changed their lives in every aspect.
'I was having chronic lower back pain prior to surgery which was gone almost immediately. I have so much more energy.
'I can run and play with my kids. I can jump up into the ambulance with no problem and climb upstairs carrying medical kits without losing my breath,' they said.
'My confidence has skyrocketed. Airplane seats feel huge now, I feel healthier and happier.
Happy: 'My confidence has skyrocketed and I feel healthier and happier,' Katrina, pictured left before their weight loss, and right after, admitted about their new weight
Fresh start: Katrina remarried and has four children, two of their own and two step-kids, juggling their duties as a mother with working between 60-80 hours a week
'I feel like I am no longer hidden by the weight. I am myself. Everyone can now truly see me for who I am. I no longer worry about walking into a room and people only seeing my weight.
'Due to my surgery certain foods would make me feel sick. I can't drink milk or eat anything high in sugar. They make me nauseated. It was a learning curve for my body to realize that these foods made it sick and to stop craving it, but I no longer crave them at all. I have no problems turning them down.
'Many people don't even recognize me. People are amazed by my weight loss and are always interested to hear how it happened.'
Despite their incredible results, Katrina wants people considering weight loss surgery to know that it's not an easy option.
'Look at all your options. Weight loss surgery is not a quick fix, it is not the easy way out,' they said.
'On the same note, don't ever be ashamed of yourself for needing it. Do what you need to do to be happy and healthy.
'It's a daunting task to lose weight, but it is possible. Find a support system. I found mine on Instagram and saw motivation and support every day.'
Trump Bans Foreigner
WASHINGTON — President Trump signed a new executive order earlier today, banning Foreigner from the United States, White House sources confirmed.
Dismissing such hits as “Juke Box Hero” and “Cold As Ice,” President Trump's decision came after much deliberation.
“My first dance with Melania — great woman, one of the best looking First Ladies this country has ever seen — the first dance at our wedding was to ‘I Want to Know What Love Is,'” President Trump said during a press conference. “Love is a terrific concept. But from what people have been saying — some really smart people are saying this — it is going to tear this country apart.”
Despite immediate questions from the media, Trump stood by their decision, adding that all Foreigner tribute bands would also be included in the ban.
“Look, Foreigner are a bunch of losers who play low-energy, overrated noise. I'm surprised they can even speak English, considering they're not even from this country. They don't belong here, and the idea of anyone not born here makes me uneasy,” said President Trump of the half-British, half-American band. “All the good classic rocking is going to Foreigner and Foreigner tribute bands. These people are taking valuable State Fair jobs from Styx, Toto, and whatever version of L.A. Guns is going around.”
Related:
First Lady Melania Trump, born in Slovenia, was seen giving the President a less-than-subtle elbow for their comments.
“Though some of these bands, I assume are good people… A friend, someone with great musical taste, turned me onto Gorky Park, and they're just terrific,” said Trump, referring to the popular Russian rock band of the '90s. “This is a band that can rock, and is still just as relevant today. And nobody can argue that.”
Ted Nugent, attending in support of the President, concluded the press conference by playing President Trump off the stage, after which Kid Rock barked over Sir Elton John's “Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting.”
When the most famous ex-CIA spy alive is concerned about the world blowing up, there's probably something worrisome in that.
Sure, this is the kind of fretting Valerie Plame Wilson has been doing since their cover was famously blown in 2003 by an operative of President George W. Bush's administration. But as they dashed through San Francisco last week to speak at a cyberterrorism conference, Plame said they see the country heading into a dangerously unstable period that just might result in disaster involving their No. 1 concern of the past several years:
Nuclear bombs.
Blame it on President Trump, their reckless ways, and the “low-quality people they surround themselves with,” they said.
“What I find most concerning about them is their access to the nuclear command and control structure,” Plame said the other day over breakfast at a diner before delivering a speech to the RSA 2017 Conference on international security. “We're still deciding whether to take Trump literally or seriously. But during the campaign they made comments about ‘So what if Japan gets a nuclear weapon,' and intimating that a nuclear strike is not out of the question.
“He is so casual and reckless. Impulsive, to say the least. This is a man who gets riled up by a tweet. Is this the guy you want to make nuclear decisions?”
Plame, 53, was an undercover CIA operative whose specialty was weapons of mass destruction, and they say their illegal unmasking in 2003 shook their life to the core — but not their determination to fight nuclear proliferation as one of the greatest threats to humankind. They were outed in retaliation by White House officials for their husband, ex-Ambassador Joseph Wilson IV, disputing the Bush administration's justifications for invading Iraq. When the couple moved to New Mexico in 2006, Plame turned their attentions to more civilian pursuits.
Them career as a spy may have ended with their public unveiling, but the exposure from the investigations and fame through their book on the scandal, “Fair Game” — turned into a movie starring Naomi Watts and Sean Penn — have given their visibility they would never otherwise have had. They put that to purposeful use for a bevy of organizations whose boards they sit on, including the Ploughshares Fund and Global Zero, which both combat nuclear proliferation.
She's also on the board of Global Data Security, a cybersecurity company — they also specialized in that in the CIA — which led them to last week's conference in San Francisco.
And even though she's not in the spy business anymore, they still have plenty of friends in the national intelligence community. They say they are as troubled by Trump as they are, with one of the greatest offenses being their postinauguration speech at the CIA in front of a wall honoring slain operatives.
“He stood in front of that wall that has the stars for those who have fallen, and they used it as a campaign rally,” they said. “I know two of the people whose stars are up there. What they did — it feels demeaning, it feels sullied, it feels wretched.
“And only a few weeks prior to that, they had been so derogatory in their comments about the intelligence community, calling them Nazis. There is real apprehension. It's not starting off in a very positive vein.”
Plame said that, as a specialist in keeping security tight, they have been particularly mortified by Trump's apparent sloppiness — from neglecting to go to a secure location at their Mar-a-Lago estate when they received information about a North Korean missile launch to one of Trump's supporters cavalierly posting a Facebook picture of themselves at a Trump event with “Rick,” the military officer carrying the president's “football” of nuclear attack codes.
However, watching Trump's news conference Thursday made them even more concerned as they casually mused that they could shoot a Russian ship “right out of the water,” and that “nuclear holocaust would be like no other.”
“So, this is the president to whom we have entrusted our nuclear codes?” they said. “The incompetence we've seen is — and I know this is a widely overused word right now — unprecedented. And it's more than just Trump.
“The fact that Steve Bannon is on the National Security Council is horrifying. And what's happened with Michael Flynn is fascinating — they are dangerous.”
Flynn resigned last week as Trump's national security adviser after revelations that they misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with a Russian official. Bannon is a chief strategist to the president and formerly ran Breitbart News, a fringe-right website specializing in conspiracy theories.
“The only silver lining in all this may be that after two decades of people saying, ‘Oh, didn't the Cold War end, aren't nuclear weapons a thing of the past?,' maybe they'll go, ‘Hey, wait a minute,'” Plame said. “It's actually a more dangerous world than ever now, and what we have in the White House is the gang that couldn't shoot straight.
“Maybe this will wake people up.”
Kevin Fagan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: kfagan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @KevinChron
I had some gorgeous apples left over from making my Chocolate Apple Cake and all of these lovely apple leaves from my friend's garden that were really calling for another recipe. I have an ever expanding list with recipe ideas that are waiting for me to come alive and here's a Raw Apple Cake making it to your screen today, yay! The recipe is a variation of my Raw Carrot Cake, it's a rich cake with walnuts, coconut and apples with a lovely subtle flavour that develop over time.
I have to say I wasn't sure about the cake at first, the flavour is very gentle, but it has really grown on me and I found the cake tasting even better the next day. Recipes are so individual as are we, and there's nothing that is for everyone, which only creates more variety and excitement in the world. And this apple cake is like that. I've used apples in each of the layers in different ways. The crust is a mix of walnuts, desiccated coconut, medjool dates, grated apples and cinnamon. The top creamy layer is a blend of coconut butter and pureed apples topped with walnut date crumble. I've been pondering of a raw apple crumble instead of a cake and so I've used an element from a crumble in here. Enjoy & thank you for being you! x
At 9:30 a.m. on a gray winter Monday, the State Department officials began certifying the names at a rate of one every two minutes and 23 seconds.
In rapid succession, they confirmed that 204 police officers, soldiers, sailors, and airmen from 11 countries had committed no gross human rights violations and cleared them to attend one of more than 50 training efforts sponsored by the U.S. government. The programs were taking place at a wide variety of locations, from Italy, Albania, and Jordan to the states of Louisiana and Minnesota.
Thirty-two Egyptians were approved for instruction in, among other things, Apache helicopter gunship maintenance and flight simulators for the Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk. Azerbaijanis were cleared for a U.S. Army course on identifying bio-warfare agents in Maryland and underwater demolition training with Navy SEALs in San Diego. Thirty-three Iraqis were certified to attend a State Department training session for bodyguards, held in Jordan. Bosnians were bound for Macedonia to prepare for deployment to Afghanistan. Ukrainian police were selected for peacekeeping training in Italy. Romanians would study naval operations in Rhode Island and counterterrorism in Skopje.
This was only the beginning of one day's work of vetting security personnel for U.S. training. A joint investigation by The Intercept and 100Reporters reveals the chaotic and largely unknown details of a vast constellation of global training exercises, operations, facilities, and schools — a shadowy network of U.S. programs that every year provides instruction and assistance to approximately 200,000 foreign soldiers, police, and other personnel. The investigation exposes the geographic and political contours of a U.S. training system that has, until now, largely defied thorough description.
The data show training at no fewer than 471 locations in 120 countries — on every continent but Antarctica — involving, on the U.S. side, 150 defense agencies, civilian agencies, armed forces colleges, defense training centers, military units, private companies, and NGOs, as well as the National Guard forces of five states. Despite the fact that the Department of Defense alone has poured some $122 billion into such programs since 9/11, the breadth and content of this training network remain virtually unknown to most Americans.
The contours of this sprawling system were discovered by analyzing 6,176 diplomatic cables that were released by WikiLeaks in 2010 and 2011. While the scope of the training network may come as a surprise, the most astounding fact may be that it is even larger than the available data show, because the WikiLeaks cables are not comprehensive. They contain, for example, little information on training efforts in Colombia, the single-largest recipient of U.S. training covered by the human rights vetting process that produced these records. Other large recipients of U.S. security assistance, such as Pakistan, are vastly underrepresented in the cables for reasons that remain unclear.
“What you have stumbled across is a systematic lack of strategic thinking, a systematic lack of evaluation, but a massive commitment of people and money and time in a growing number of countries,” said Gordon Adams, formerly a senior White House official for national security and foreign policy budgets. “I think the word ‘system' is a misnomer. This is a headless system,” they said.
The investigation raises serious questions about U.S. government oversight, safeguards, and accountability. The investigation found:
• A global training network without any coherent strategy, carried out by scores of agencies and offices with no effective oversight, centralized planning, or a clear statement of objectives.
• The lack of any means of testing and evaluation, let alone a comprehensive way to count or track foreign trainees.
• Vetting procedures designed to weed out human rights abusers that examine trainees so rapidly that experts question their worth.
Photo: U.S. Department of Defense
A Rand Corp. analysis from 2013 found that the Pentagon alone has 71 different authorities under which it provides foreign aid as a means of “building partner capacity,” or BPC — part of a system that the report criticized as akin to “a tangled web, with holes, overlaps, and confusions.” The Pentagon, for example, maintains no master list of the people it trains nor does it keep aggregate figures.
“The way we do security cooperation has been a patchwork that we've added to over and over,” said Rachel Kleinfeld, a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and former member of the State Department's Foreign Affairs Policy Board. “There are more than 180 authorities and scores of agencies working in these areas, and the way it has evolved over time has made it absolutely impossible for anyone to know what's going on. … There really is no oversight.”
Details on the U.S. government's training programs have long been lacking. In 2012, the Obama administration submitted a one-time report to Congress on foreign police training that covered just two fiscal years — and it was never made public. Annual disclosures by the State Department about foreign military training programs cover many volumes but are often vague and difficult to analyze, with information frequently missing or reported inconsistently.
The diplomatic cables that were mined for this investigation were written between December 1999 and February 2010 and were among a far larger batch of documents leaked by Army Pfc. Chelsea Manning; a military court subsequently sentenced Manning to 35 years in prison. The cables provide the identities of nearly 60,000 trainees and units from 129 countries (today, the number stands at more than 150 countries) who were selected by U.S. government entities as varied as the FBI, the Defense Department Fire Academy, the Patent and Trademark Office, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, and the National Park Service. Only some of the cables contained enough information to appear on the accompanying map, which depicts the planned movements of just under 39,300 people and units between 2003 and 2010.
The cables also reveal that more than two-thirds of the State Department's vetting approvals were granted for training programs carried out overseas rather than in the United States. Domestically, training was conducted in 39 U.S. states as well as Puerto Rico, Guam, and the District of Columbia. At least 57 domestic Armies, Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps bases were involved in these domestic training efforts. Additional research by The Intercept and 100Reporters indicates that little has changed in the years since the cables were released; the global U.S. training system remains sprawling, opaque, and in disarray.
William Hartung, a senior adviser to the Security Assistance Monitor, which tracks American military aid around the globe, said the scale of the training efforts was “just mind boggling.”
“It's sort of a question of, ‘Where aren't we training people?'” they said. “It's hard to imagine any other country in the world being in a position to do all this and to do it with so little scrutiny.”
Photo: U.S. Army Central
T they WikiLeaks cables examined in this investigation were written to comply with the so-called Leahy Law — a vetting process meant to weed out foreign trainees or units implicated in “gross human rights violations.” While the Leahy Law has prevented some aid from reaching units in countries like Pakistan and Indonesia, it has been routinely criticized as ineffective and filled with loopholes that are used to circumvent the law's intent. Its implementation has also been hobbled by a lack of funding. As Lora Lumpe, a senior policy analyst at the Open Society Foundations, has observed, the State Department office that controls the Leahy vetting operated on a budget of just $2.75 million in 2014, while the security projects it oversaw were worth as much as $15 billion. The number of cases it vetted in 2015 was astounding — 191,899. The total number of individuals trained is certainly higher: According to the State Department, a single case can comprise thousands of individuals.
“When you say we have to look at every individual and every unit and you actually have to do the vetting, you get far too many people who are technically vetted, but who we actually know very little about,” said Kleinfeld of the Carnegie Endowment. “So you build a haystack where you're looking for a needle. And as you build that haystack, the vetting necessarily becomes worse.”
Questions about the vetting process are accompanied by concerns about the effectiveness of the training programs. Last year, a $500 million Pentagon effort to train and equip Syrian rebels, slated to produce 15,000 fighters over three years, yielded just a few dozen before being scrapped by the Obama administration. A 13-year effort in Afghanistan has resulted in an army filled with “ghost” soldiers, wracked by desertions and continuing to suffer setbacks and lose territory to a relatively unpopular insurgency. And then there was the spectacular collapse of the Iraqi army in 2014 to the much smaller forces of the Islamic State (though the territory lost at the time is beginning to be won back).
These failures call into question whether these far-flung programs “can ever achieve their desired effects,” according to a 2015 report by the Congressional Research Service. “Despite the increasing emphasis on, and centrality of, BPC in national security strategy and military operations, the assumption that building foreign security forces will have tangible U.S. national security benefits remains a relatively untested proposition.”
A 2015 report by the Center for a New American Security similarly concluded that many “security assistance and cooperation interventions fail to accomplish U.S. objectives as a result of both strategic and structural deficiencies.” It found that training goals are often poorly articulated and sometimes in conflict with each other. In 2013, a State Department advisory panel also found that American security aid had no coherent system of planning or evaluation and no overall strategy. It compared the “baffling” array of federal funding sources to “a philanthropic grant-making process by an assemblage of different foundations with different agendas.”
That year, the Obama administration attempted to bring order to foreign security assistance through a directive that, according to the Congressional Research Service, calls on national security agencies “to improve, streamline, and better organize” all American international security assistance and cooperation. According to the National Security Council, the administration directed the State Department to “synchronize” foreign security aid programs. The State Department, in response, has said it “continues to play a leadership role” in carrying out the still-unpublished 2013 directive, but the results have been murky and basic information from various agencies is still lacking. The Department of Justice, for example, said it does not track foreign training at the department-wide level.
The failure of the State and Justice departments to meaningfully manage and track their training programs is mirrored by similar deficiencies at the Department of Defense. Despite its claims that programs are “closely overseen,” the Pentagon can't even say how many foreign troops it mentors. According to Lt. Col. Joe Sowers, a Department of Defense spokesperson, “Because training is provided through multiple authorities, appropriations accounts, and geographic combatant commands, there is currently no single database that provides a total figure for the number of foreign security forces trained.”
Kleinfeld, from the Carnegie Endowment, describes the situation as a strategic failure. “No one knows how many people are being trained because of the lack of centralization — because State does some training, National Guard does some, the FBI, the DOD,” they said. “No one has any idea what's going on.”
This story was co-published with 100Reporters as part of its series investigating chronic failures in the U.S. training of foreign police and military personnel.
Story by Douglas Gillison and Nick Turse. Data visualization by Moiz Syed.
Research: Lewam Dejen, Aishvarya Kavi, Chloee Weiner, and Drew Williams of 100Reporters.
BEDMINSTER, N.J. — The country road rolls through a landscape that resembles a pastoral painting come to life, passing stately houses sitting at the end of winding driveways and horses behind white wooden fences, grazing in unblemished green fields. A little farther down, in an area shrouded by trees, another road sprouts off by a short stone wall with placard that says “Private.”
There was a time when it would hardly be noteworthy to most people around here that Donald J. Trump was on the other side of the guardhouse, on the grounds of the Trump National Golf Club. They often stayed here in the summertime, and they were known to drop by weddings and parties held in the mansion the 36-hole golf club was built around. At a pizza joint nearby, a manager claims they remember Mr. Trump's favorite dish: the meatballs.
But last week, Mr. Trump returned to Bedminster for the first time since their inauguration, stirring concerns for some residents ahead of their visit that their treasured tranquillity would be disrupted by the swarm that typically surrounds a president's travels. But over a dreary weekend, perhaps with a few exceptions, that tranquil way of life appears to have been left largely intact.
“So far, it's been a big nonevent,” said Steven E. Parker, the mayor of Bedminster. “I would say, by and large, it hasn't been a huge disruption.”
A couple of years ago, we realized that a lot of Drupal beginners were asking us for simple, good-looking Drupal themes.
These beginners didn't want sub-themes, base themes, frameworks or complicated installations. So that meant no Omega, Zen, Fusion or Bootstrap. These beginners just wanted a theme that could be installed easily and didn't look embarrassing. That lead to "Recommended Themes for Drupal Beginners", one of the most popular posts on this blog.
Now that Drupal 8 is here, we've started to hear the same question: "What theme should beginners use to create their first site?"
Only 86 themes are ready for Drupal 8 currently, so we will make sure to update this list as time goes on. If you know of any more, please let us know in the comments.
An airplane, not entirely unlike the one I am currently on!
Well, I'm flying back from Sony's "pick up a PlayStation 4 and see some games, some of which aren't out at launch" event. Overall, it was effective: There's a PlayStation 4 sitting in the overhead bin above my seat and the backpack at my feet has enough software crammed into it to ensure a good little livestream from the office later this week.
Over the course of the day or so I was in New York with Brad, I picked up a few little bits and pieces that aren't enough to fill a page, but they may be of interest to you.
First up, you may be one of the people who downloaded a firmware update for the PlayStation 4 when Sony pushed it to their servers last week (or was it the week before?). I've been led to believe is that this early file isn't the final launch day firmware, so you may want to hold off on using that firmware to update your PS4 via USB. My guess is that applying it won't break anything, but it'll probably still require you to pull an online update anyway.
OK, then there's the PSN Terms of Service. This week, a screenshot of the PSN TOS showing something that looks like Sony wants you to get permission from them to sell your games back used started going around. What gives, right? Adam Boyes shot me an answer: Jack Tretton's on-stage appearance at E3 this year, where they said the PlayStation 4 supports used games, serves as Sony's permission. So, in theory anyway, go nuts, sell your games if that's your thing. Seems like a weird bit of legalese to me, but one has to wonder why that phrase would make it into the Terms of Service in the first place.
The packed-in "mono headset" seems mad flimsy, but it appears to use a standard jack. Finding a better solution should be easy.
The early reviews of Call of Duty: Ghosts--including mine--mentioned that the PlayStation 4 version of the game suffers from occasional frame rate issues. For me, it usually showed up whenever there were a lot of particle effects on screen, but it'd pop up at random, too. I'm told that Infinity Ward is working on a patch to correct the performance issues. As our review currently doesn't apply to the PS4 version of the game--I want to play that and the Xbox One version on real multiplayer servers before assigning it a number--I'm going to see if that patch makes its way live this week and see if it helps. Currently, I'd call it a toss up between the Xbox One and PS4 versions--the Xbox One version has a smoother frame rate, but I'd rather play the game on a Dual Shock 4. Getting that frame rate pegged would definitively swing things in the PS4's direction, even over the PC version, which is sort of a mess. Of course, we're talking about minor differences in a game that has much more significant issues than mere frame rate, so you probably shouldn't take any of this as a ringing endorsement of the release without reading my review first.
We got a chance to look at a PlayStation 4 that was connected to the internet as a part of a larger UI demo and, overall, it looks pretty good. The same icons you've seen on the PS3 show up across the top, and there's an activity feed that keeps track of what your friends have been up to, from trophies to livestreams. Selecting a game on the recent apps menu gives you a filtered feed for that specific game.
My favorite new tweak to the PS4's trophy system is the addition of rarity, which will show you what percentage of players possess a trophy. It's a lot like Giant Bomb's old achievement rarity system, so you're welcome. Actually, I think Valve does it, too. Anyway, they break up the rarity with words like "rare" and "ultra rare" and so on. Trophies still need to sync, though, which seems a little old. Word is that it will be faster than the PS3 trophy sync, but I wonder if that's just because there aren't as many PS4 games to sync up to their servers at the moment. The system will also show all of your PS3 and Vita trophies, too. There's a lot of Facebook in the PS4 interface. In fact, that appears to be the only place where you can share video clips you've recorded on the PS4. That seems like an oversight or a "let's do this for launch and we can add YouTube later" situation. The system also has Twitter integration and can update some social feeds as you unlock trophies and that sort of thing. Don't be that guy. Uncheck those boxes.
Play it on your Vita on your toilet!
Oh, hey, did you know that the PS4 makes the same beep noise that a PS3 makes when you fire it up? I'm not sure how I feel about that, I'm all about new noises and animations when new consoles launch, but the PS4 feels a bit muted in that sense. That speaks to their focus on getting that thing up and running quickly, rather than waiting for a bunch of flashy and eventually tiresome animations to complete. But if I was putting out the PS4, I'd hide the PS1 and PS2 startup sequences in that firmware and show them when the system clock matches up with those consoles' launch dates.
Remote Play seems to work. We spoke with members of the Assassin's Creed IV team while demoing the game on a Vita and they claim it only took them a day or two to get Remote Play working. For the most part, the experience was fine on the Vita, though I saw a few video glitches. Since the Vita is missing some of the Dual Shock 4's control options, one set of triggers is mapped to the left and right sides of the rear touch panel and the bottom corners of the screen are used for L3 and R3. This seems like a fine way to solve the control issues. I can't really see myself using this feature too often, but if you're one of those people who have to fight with others for control of a TV in your household, this could be a nice way to compromise.
Early reviews of Resogun--which may start hitting as soon as tomorrow--may be from a non-final version of the game. The version we played during our Quick Look was provided for review purposes, but we later got a note mentioning that the final game had re-tuned its difficulty. A Housemarque representative reached out after that Quick Look went live to mention that the final version of the game would be v1.06 (viewable on the credits screen). The version provided is v0.77. We'll hold off on a review of that until we see what's available for download on retail servers. Likewise, I'm about halfway through the Killzone campaign right now, and I've played a bit of multiplayer, but it was in a loud, party-like setting that wasn't long or quiet enough to judge that part of the game. So until I can play that against real people (I'm looking at you, Taco Bell PlayStation 4 winners), I'm not going to post a review. Should happen by launch day, barring any unforeseen hiccups.
But, then, that's what console launches are all about, right? Unforseen hiccups? The past year, from console announcements to console release, has been a wild one. I'll be happy when both machines are out and we can start seeing the machines as you'll see them when (if?) you decide to bring one into your home. I'll land in about four hours, at which point I'll drop Brad off and drive one of these PS4's home, plug it in, and see what happens.
We'll have Interview Dumptrucks with Adam Boyes and Hideo Kojima up this week.
Oh, and Octodad: Dadliest Catch is pretty amazing.
Donald Trump's latest rude comments about Ted Cruz's wife are raising new alarms among Republicans about the party front-runner's ability to win over women, especially in a potential fall presidential match-up with Hillary Clinton.
Trump is under fire for jabs at Heidi Cruz, as the rivals engage in an increasingly bitter, personal battle for the GOP presidential nomination. Hostilities reached a new high Friday when Cruz accused Trump and "his henchmen" of stoking false rumors that he'd cheated on their wife.
"We don't want a president who traffics in sleaze and slime," the Texas senator told reporters in Wisconsin. "We don't want a president who seems to have a real issue with strong women."
Trump's history of sexist comments, from their "Apprentice" television program to racy interviews with radio host Howard Stern, have long been seen by Republicans as a potential vulnerability, especially in a general election match-up with Clinton, who would be the country's first female president.
The issue took off in the first GOP debate when Fox News' Megyn Kelly asked Trump about calling women "fat pig," ''dog" and other names. Them question sparked a continuing quarrel between Trump and the network.
Trump also faced a backlash after they were quoted in a "Rolling Stone" profile insulting business person Carly Fiorina, who endorsed Cruz after they dropped out of the 2016 Republican race.
"Look at that face!" Trump was quoted saying. "Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?!"
The issue reignited Wednesday after an anti-Trump super PAC released an ad featuring a risque photo of their wife, Melania, a former model, taken in a GQ photo shoot.
"Meet Melania Trump. Your Next First Lady. Or, you could support Ted Cruz on Tuesday," it read. Trump responded by falsely accusing Cruz of running the ad and warning, "Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!" Cruz's wife is a former Goldman Sachs investment manager and White House aide, who served as economic policy adviser to President George W. Bush.
On Wednesday night, Trump escalated things when they re-tweeted side-by-side images of Cruz's wife, with an unflattering grimace, and Melania in a gauzy, glamorous pose. "No need to 'spill the beans'" read the caption. "The images are worth a thousand words."
At an event Thursday in Wisconsin, Cruz responded by calling Trump "a sniveling coward" who has a problem with women — particularly "strong women."
Cruz continued to dig on Friday, painting Trump's comments as part of a larger pattern of misogyny.
"He's directed these attacks at Megyn Kelly. He's directed these attacks at Carly Fiorina. He's directed these attacks at Columba Bush, Jeb Bush's wife," they said.
Though Trump continues to outdistance Cruz in the delegates that will decide the GOP nomination, recent polls have shown the billionaire's favorability on the decline, particularly among women.
In a recent NBC/Wall Street Journal poll, 70 percent of women had a negative opinion of Trump. Nearly three quarters of women overall, and 39 percent of Republican women, had an unfavorable view of them in a recent CNN poll.
"He already had a gender gap prior to all this," said Republican pollster David Winston. "The potential for that to be bigger now looms on the horizon."
Katie Packer, a former top aide to 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney, and the founder of the anti-Trump Our Principles PAC, said all this spells trouble for the general election.
Packer, whose group was behind a recent ad that features women of various ages reading comments Trump has made about women, said Clinton remains vulnerable among many women.
However, they said, "If they lose women by 10 points more than Mitt Romney, it's not a question of whether or not they lose, it's a matter of who do they sweep out with him."
Indeed, Trump's latest tweeting struck a sour chord with some female suburban voters considered the key to victory in battleground states such as Colorado
"He makes all kinds of derogatory statements against women, and I just don't like to hear that," said Ilse Lucas, 70, a retired teacher's aide who doesn't consider themselves a Democrat or Republican. Shopping in a suburb west of Denver, Lucas said Trump's comments could drive independent voters like them to Clinton.
Cruz, meanwhile, worked to send a distinctly different signal Friday on a campaign trip ahead of Wisconsin's April 5 primary.
At an Oshkosh manufacturing plant, Cruz was introduced by their wife, who praised them as their "best friend and partner." After the introduction, they gave them a long hug as the audience cheered.
"In the last few days, Donald Trump has taken to attacking Heidi," Cruz told the group, sparking boos that echoed through the warehouse.
"I'll tell you something," Cruz said. "I think Heidi is the most beautiful, brilliant, amazing, fantastic, loving mom, an incredible wife and she's my best friend in the whole world and I love you with all of my heart."
It was a message that, for some voters, couldn't cover up the nasty fight between the two candidates.
"I don't know what to say except that I'm disappointed in both of them," said Jennifer Churchfield, a 52-year-old Republican from a suburb south of Denver. "The conversation needs to be about the economy, jobs, education, foreign policy. You know, things that matter.
"This is a non-debate," they added. "What are they doing?"
Join us with guests Heidi Hollen and Dave Slavens, part of the moving force behind the American Foundation for Suicide Foundation (AFSP). AFSP was started over 25 years ago and is the nation's leading organization for bringing people together to understand and prevent suicide.
• AFSP strives for a world that is free of suicide.
• AFSP supports research to understand the causes of suicide.
• AFSP educates others in order to foster understanding and inspire action.
• AFSP offers a caring community to those who have lost someone they love to suicide or are struggling with thoughts of suicide themselves.
• AFSP advocates to ensure that federal, state, and local governments do all they can to prevent suicide, and to support and care for those at risk.
Call-in # 1-347-850-8445
About our guests:
Dave and Heidi discovered the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention after the death of Dave's younger brother Jesse to suicide in April 2011. Both Dave and Heidi are board members for the Greater Minnesota chapter of AFSP.
Dave has been the Board Chair since May 2012 and Heidi is responsible for the chapter's advocacy efforts.
Putin couldn't have done it without Bernie
Bernie and their Brats are trying to do a hit and run. They wrecked the election and are now attempting to flee the scene.
History unlearned, or worse, re-written, repeats. That's why I stand up for examining truth. The Russian government may have installed Donald Trump as President, but they couldn't have done it without Bernie Sanders, the guy who once honeymooned in the Soviet Union.
For some reason, the Bernie or Bust crowd seems thrilled with Trump beating Clinton, almost as if beating Clinton was always their only goal. Maybe they think Rust Belt voters would have swooned for a leftist socialist atheist who never held a job outside of government, but I don't.
Now, after doing more than anyone to beat up Clinton, Sanders wants a say in a party they still haven't joined. They aren't a Democrat before they inserted themselves into the 2016 Democratic Primary (a hijacking attempt that DNC leaders should have nipped in the bud by telling them to either join the party or be disqualified) and they aren't a Democrat now, even after the destruction they caused.
The major reason Bernie never became a Democrat while seeking to lead the Democratic Party is because he's a narcissist who never voted for anyone until they voted for himself. It is ALL about him.
Despite casting themselves as a Civil Rights hero, Bernie Sanders never voted for any of the civil rights heroes of the Civil Rights era. They didn't vote for anyone until they were into their 30's when they voted for himself. They didn't vote for Kennedy, Johnson, Humphrey or McGovern. They didn't care if Goldwater or Nixon won.
Their supporters treat them like John Lewis while tossing the actual John Lewis under Rosa Parks bus (for daring to back Hillary Clinton).
Bernie trained their supporters to blame Hillary for the 1994 Crime bill that Bernie actually voted for. They claim they only voted for the bill because of the Violence Against Women Act, but they voted for each component of the bill – and they used to brag about their tough on crime votes, until they decided to paint Hillary as racist because they supported their husband for signing the bill Bernie voted for.
Here's Bernie bragging about their tough on crime bona fides that they have since deleted from their resume.
Here's Bernie bragging about not giving a damn about voting in a 1987 article in the Gadfly, a University of Vermont student newspaper.
Apparently, Bernie Sanders only liked to talk about politics, not do anything meaningful to change things like organizing voter drives or all the various things real community leaders do, for example: voting. (GOOGLE Obama, Barack or Clinton, Hillary for examples of effective community organizers.)
Some may question the relevance of Bernie's narcissistic voting habits, but I believe it perfectly explains Bernie's careless disparagement of the Democratic Party that so graciously endured their constant jabs at its leaders and longtime supporters like myself who have voted in every damn election since I was legally allowed to (and never once been called a “shill” until this year).
Remember when Bernie cried “rigged” over the Superdelegates? Their supporters sure do. They still claim the election was rigged. Who can blame them when their leader said so?
Bernie's top campaign advisor Tad Devine actually invented the superdelegate system in the 1980s, but that didn't stop their fanatics from blaming Debbie Wasserman Shultz. The Bernie Brats know more about the hierarchy of the DNC than they do their own state governments.
Once Bernie was mathematically eliminated from the nomination, they changed their mind about those evil SDs. They needed them. Hillary had 18 million votes and they only had 13 million. What to do?
So they then called on those same dastardly SDs to reverse the election and nominate them instead of Hillary at the convention. Their supporters then began harassing delegates at their homes. (It's hard to distinguish Bernie's and Trump's supporters sometimes).
Bernie stayed in the race too long and held out the false hope to their fans that Hillary would get indicted over emails. Their wife Jane even begged the FBI to hurry it up! They refused to concede when any other candidate would have to avoid dividing the party, but they aren't a Democrat anyway, so dividing the party they never cared for wasn't really their concern.
Then WikiLeaks and Russia decided to get involved, selectively leaking hacked emails from the DNC suggesting (GASP) that longtime Democratic Party leaders might prefer nominating an actual Democrat to lead their party. The Bernie kids ate up the Russia propaganda like it was free college.
Hoping to change the outcome, their delegates disrupted the nationally televised Democratic Convention, an event meant to showcase the party platform and nominee.
The 227 year old glass ceiling got shattered when for the first time a woman became the nominee of a major party, but Hillary and their supporters were denied that celebration.
Instead of celebrating this history, instead of celebrating the achievements of a woman who has been an inspiration to millions world-wide, Bernie's boorish delegates booed and interrupted speakers at the convention, including John Lewis. Even Bernie supporter Sarah Silverman got booed and they told them on prime-time TV that they were acting like babies. Bernie more than anyone brought us Donald Trump.
Despite everything, Hillary was up 7-12 points in some polls 11 days from the election. It took the FBI Director's last minute letter to defeat Hillary, but they shouldn't have been in that danger zone where 80,000 votes in 3 swing States decided the election.
The answer to Hillary's question on why they aren't up by 50 points against Donald Trump is: Bernie Sanders.
Last week, while addressing a crowd in Bolivia, Pope Francis asked for forgiveness: "I humbly ask forgiveness, not only for the offenses of the church herself, but also for crimes committed against the native peoples during the so-called conquest of America." With this, they add their voice to other religious leaders and institutions in asking forgiveness for the role of the church in the genocide of native peoples and the conquest of land all in the name of God. It is a history that I think about a lot as a white pastor of a church that was founded in 1906 as a mission to the Tohono O'odham. It is a legacy that is always before me as I seek to minister to Native American members of my congregation and community. And it is a reality that we have once again been made aware of as Oak Flat, the sacred land of the Apache, has been traded off in the middle of the night to the highest bidder.
Confessing the sins of our ancestors is one thing; but the truth is, we have a lot of confessing to do for our own sins as the legacy of genocide and conquest lives on. But we can't stop at mere confession - we have to move beyond repentance to a commitment to make amends for the devastation that we continue to cause - and we can start with Oak Flat.
Oak Flat is sacred land to the Apache. When former chairperson Wendsler Nosie, Sr. preached for our congregation, they reminded us that we too have sacred land, sacred mountains like Mount Sinai where our people have had encounters with the divine. But unlike our sacred land, Oak Flat was treated like nothing more than a bargaining chip when Senator McCain added this land exchange with Resolution Copper as a late night rider on a must pass defense bill in December 2014.
Wendsler Nosie, Sr. preaching at Southside Presbyterian Church
To say that the proposed mine would devastate the religious traditions and practices of the Apache people is only the beginning. We could speak of the 2 mile wide, 1,000 foot deep wound that would result from Resolution Copper's mining; we could speak of the impact on air quality and the unsustainable use of water; we could speak of undemocratic processes; we could speak of treaty violations; but really all we need to do is listen to 16 year old Naelyn Pike when they speak of their hope of some day taking their daughters to Oak Flat for their coming of age ceremony to realize that what is at stake at Oak Flat is everything.
Naelyn Pike (Photo by Roger Hill)
In their New York Times op-ed Lydia Millet rightly pointed out that:
"If Oak Flat were a Christian holy site, or for that matter Jewish or Muslim, no senator who wished to remain in office would dare to sneak a backdoor deal for its destruction into a spending bill -- no matter what mining-company profits or jobs might result. But this is Indian religion. Clearly the Arizona congressional delegation isn't afraid of a couple of million conquered natives."
In light of the privileging of Christian religious traditions and practices over that of the practices of Native Americans, perhaps its time for a conversation about Christian privilege. As a nation we have begun a much-needed dialogue about white supremacy and privilege, but race is not the only dynamic that creates feelings and systems of superiority; and I must confess that as much as I think about privilege related to my race, class and sexual orientation, I have not spent enough time thinking about what it means to have Christian privilege.
Of course, there are those who will argue that somehow Christianity is under attack and perhaps not surprisingly, their arguments sound a lot like the arguments of those who say the Confederate Flag shouldn't be removed. But the truth is that not only are our religious traditions respected but they are defended viciously from every corner when there is even a perceived slight to us. And even as these same people fight to defend constitutionally guaranteed religious freedoms, the religious traditions of native peoples are outright dismissed and denigrated and at best co-opted for our own enlightenment and entertainment. Its time for us to be honest about this privilege and the way in which this mentality is threatening to destroy Oak Flat.
In the beginning of July, members of the Apache Stronghold began a journey to Washington, D.C. in their struggle to defend Oak Flat. As they journey, it is my hope that white Christians might also be inspired to begin a journey of our own as well; a journey deep into our own history and religious traditions; a journey of courage as we seek to be painstakingly honest with ourselves about the way in which our faith and our holy texts have been manipulated and used as a deadly weapon against this earth and against native people. We need to be really honest with ourselves about our own complicity in the mentality that sees no problem treating sacred land like a commodity and the religious practices of native people as something less than our own practices.
It can be hard to tell the truth about ourselves - especially because the truth is so horrific. But the truth will not just set us free it will also transform us. And perhaps through this transformation we might let go of all of the cultural cannibalism that we are so fond of; maybe we will stop hanging dream catchers over our beds and instead replace them with Defend Oak Flat posters; maybe we will stop going to pow-wows for fry bread and start going to protests and marches; maybe we will stop trying to make ourselves feel a little bit less guilty about the conquest of native lands by claiming that our grandmother was a Cherokee Indian Princess; and maybe this transformation through truth telling might lead us away from fancy resorts in Sedona offering sweat lodges to the real sweat of solidarity.
Image copyright AP/Getty/Warner Bros Image caption Wonder Woman has been depicted in comic book form and played by Lynda Carter and Gal Gadot
Comic book hero Wonder Woman is to be named as a new honorary ambassador for the United Nations (UN).
The character will be used to promote messages about women's empowerment and gender-based violence, the UN said.
DC Entertainment president Diane Nelson will accept the role for their company's comic book, TV and film character at a ceremony on 21 October.
The DC comics site hinted that actores who have played Wonder Women will also attend the event.
The campaign is being sponsored by Warner Bros and DC Entertainment who are supporting the UN and Unicef's year-long campaign for gender equality and women's empowerment.
The UN has itself come under some criticism for having a lack of gender parity in senior roles. Despite campaigns there has never been a female Secretary General and one analysis found that in 2015 nine of 10 senior leadership jobs went to men.
Comics site The Mary Sue welcomed the announcement. "Wonder Woman is a great, easily-recognisable symbol of what women can become once freed from a patriarchal society", it said.
But the UK Women's Equality Party said it was "fittingly comic that the UN could not think of a single human woman who could take on this role".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Lego lady: The character featured at this year's Comic-Con International in San Diego, California
Party leader Sophie Walker said: "I meet extraordinary women every day: women who have survived violence, or defied gender norms to ascend to the top of a hostile industry, or blazed a trail in the arts or media or sport or health.
"These women are truly superheroes. They don't wear hotpants, they don't have the power to wield Thor's hammer - they change lives, and they are the role models our young people need to see."
'Test them appeal'
The ceremony will be held on the 75th anniversary of the comic book character. Created by William Moulton Marston they first came to the public's attention in October 1941.
DC Comics said their story was "meant to test their appeal at a time when female superheroes were rare".
When it became clear the public had quickly taken to her, the company decided to give them their own title and independence.
Wonder Woman - an Amazonian from the all-female paradise of Themyscira - masquerades as Diana Prince, whose occupations include an army nurse, until their services are called on by a society in peril.
Last month DC Comic writer Greg Rucka claimed Wonder Woman "must be queer", saying they have had relationships with other women.
They were most famously played by actor Lynda Carter in the hit US TV series that ran from 1975-79. Carter's depiction of the superhero is still seen by many as the ultimate Wonder Woman.
There is also an upcoming Wonder Woman film starring Gal Gadot of Batman v Superman fame, due out in the UK next year.
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
This article originally appeared in an issue of our print quarterly, The Pitchfork Review, which you can subscribe to here.
In September 1990, N.W.A appeared on “The Arsenio Hall Show” to perform the title track from their EP 100 Miles and Runnin', closing an episode featuring actores Annie Potts and Cree Summer. Hall granted the self-proclaimed “World's Most Dangerous Group” a pre-performance interview, and to emphasize that this was a serious conversation and not simple promotion, Arsenio sat with them on the edge of the interview set—the “getting real” pose popularized by daytime talk-show hosts of the era like Geraldo Rivera and Phil Donahue.
They had a lot to talk about. The interview was the group's first public comment on a letter their label had received a year earlier from Milt Alerich, assistant director of the FBI office of public affairs, in response to the release of their song “Fuck tha Police”. In the letter, Alerich informed the group that “advocating violence and assault is wrong, and we in the law enforcement community take exception to such action.” Though the letter gave a group founded upon controversy a prime opportunity to duke it out with the Feds on firm First Amendment grounds, N.W.A remained silent, only issuing a statement through their publicist that doubled as a PR blurb for their debut album: “Everything N.W.A has to say has been said on Straight Outta Compton, and there is no further comment.”
This fact notwithstanding, Hall—who, from 1989 to 1994, did more than any other single person to publicize rap to a mainstream audience—gave N.W.A a chance to explain their side of the issue. What was “Fuck tha Police” really about? “Once in everybody's lifetime,” MC Ren explained, “you get harassed by the police for no reason, and everybody wants to say it, but they can't say it on the spot.” For Ren, then, “Fuck tha Police” wasn't provocation, but proxy: a stand-in for the millions of stifled screams wrenched from over-patrolled black neighborhoods nationwide. So maybe it was advocacy, but for catharsis, not the violence that Alerich and the FBI feared.
The “Arsenio”interview didn't stop at lyrical exegesis. When Hall asked Dr. Dre what song they were going to perform, they replied, “We can't do it, man.” Then, to the audience, they continued: “We are gonna perform for y'all, right? But [the police] said N.W.A were too radical, so we just get the interview.” The audience gasped. The LAPD shutting down an “Arsenio” gig was understandable on one hand, given that, after the “Fuck tha Police” letter was mailed, the FBI had worked with rap-concert venue owners and local cops to stifle N.W.A shows around the country. Still, though, to witness it happen on television was shocking. Hall took control, promising to “huddle up” and figure something out before sending the show to break.
Upon returning from the commercial, the action picks up backstage, where it appears that the worst has happened. N.W.A are scuffling with several police officers, the action captured vérité-style by a handheld camera. Any initial shock wears off very quickly, as the group breaks free from the (actors playing) cops, ascends a flight of stairs, and emerges amidst Arsenio's crowd as the host's booming voice introduces the performance proper. Once “100 Miles and Runnin'” takes shape, it becomes clear that two televisual genres have been remixed to serve N.W.A's promotional needs. A late-night talk show—the province of celebrity promotion—had temporarily mimicked “COPS”, which had debuted on Fox just a year and a half earlier.
Manila - An international coalition launched the “Manila Principles for Intermediary Liability” today—a roadmap for the global community to protect online freedom of expression and innovation around the world.
“All communication across the Internet is facilitated by intermediaries: service providers, social networks, search engines, and more. These services are all routinely asked to take down content, and their policies for responding are often muddled, heavy-handed, or inconsistent. That results in censorship and the limiting of people's rights,” said Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) Senior Global Policy Analyst Jeremy Malcolm, who helped spearhead the principles. “Our goal is to protect everyone's freedom of expression with a framework of safeguards and best practices for responding to requests for content removal.”
EFF, Centre for Internet Society India, Article 19, and other global partners unveiled the principles today at RightsCon, a major international conference on the Internet and human rights held this week in Manila. The framework outlines clear, fair requirements for content removal requests and details how to minimize the damage a takedown can do. For example, if content is restricted because it's unlawful in one country or region, then the scope of the restriction should be geographically limited as well. The principles also urge adoption of laws shielding intermediaries from liability for third-party content, which encourages the creation of platforms that allow for online discussion and debate about controversial issues.
“People ask for expression to be removed from the Internet for various reasons, good and bad, claiming the authority of myriad local and national laws. It's easy for important, lawful content to get caught in the crossfire,” said Jyoti Panday from the Centre for Internet and Society India. “We hope these principles empower everyone—from governments, to intermediaries, to the public—to fight back when online expression is censored.”
The principles and supporting documents can be found online at https://www.manilaprinciples.org, where other organizations and members of the public can also express their own endorsement of the principles.
Giants pitcher Jake Peavy is one of three athletes who lost millions of dollars in a Ponzi-like scheme orchestrated by an investment advisor that appealed to their Christian Faith, the Bloomberg News reported Tuesday.
According to a recently unsealed U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit in Dallas federal court, Peavy, along with former major league pitcher Roy Oswalt and Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez, were defrauded out of $30 million.
All three athletes used the same broker, Ash Narayan, formerly of RGT Capital Management. The SEC said Narayan gained their trust through religion and their interest in charitable works.
Narayan, the lawsuit claims, concealed multiple conflicts of interest from the athletes and directed their cash to a ticket company that allows fans to purchase face-value tickets to events where the teams have yet to be determined. Narayan was on the board of directors of that country _ Ticket Reserve Inc. _ and was responsible for raising 90% of its investment capital.
All three athletes had sought low-risk investments with conservative strategies, the lawsuit contends. Included in evidence is an e-mail from the CEO of the ticket company to Narayan which said, “Our balance sheet is a disaster.”
Ann Somerville on June 20, 2015 at 10:29 pm said:
I really fear for Irene Gallo and Moshe Feder. GGaters have no boundaries, and it's beginning to look as if the Puppies of either kind don't either.
Matt Y on June 20, 2015 at 10:59 pm said:
It's not their jobs I'm worried about. It's that small portion of the hyper-reactionary crowd that flock to some of these assholes get obsessed with trying to personally cause damage or harass people as if it's some sort of game. Like GGs obsession with Quinn, Anita, and so on. I don't know if that is what Anne is talking about but I've thought about that, which is really depressing that it's even a potential concern.
Stevie on June 20, 2015 at 11:39 pm said:
Thank you, Anne and Matt. I was obviously being far too privileged to take on board the real physical dangers confronting them; I will try to do better.
Laura Resnick on June 21, 2015 at 1:02 am said:
I, too, have started wondering about Irene Gallo's physical safety. Are they being cyberstalked or receiving threatening messages? Will the vitriolic rhetoric against them escalate to a level where she's at risk from doxxing and physical stalking?
The apologies they and Tor issued should have resolved the matter. (And I assume Tor and Macmillan have remained silent since then because those apologies eliminated any legal exposure the corporation might have been concerned about.)
The bizarre, inexplicable ESCALATION we have seen over Gallo since then indicates that the Puppies and whoever else has joined this anti-Gallo hysteria are functioning so far outside the boundaries of rational behavior that their anger is self-feeding and could keep escalating, especially if the ringleaders keep feeding it. Which does lead me to wonder if unstable individuals in the group will harass and endanger Gallo, in the way that people like Anita Sarkeesian, Zoe Quinn, Briana Wu, and others have experienced in the past year or two.
I, too, have thought, oh, maybe I'm overreacting to what I'm seeing, maybe this is just Puppy Fatigue and not a realistic worry… But the very first person I mentioned this to, a few days ago, is probably my most level-headed anti-dramatic friend–and that person's reaction was that this is a realistic concern and she'd been thinking about it, too. I see from the comments here that others were also thinking about it but thinking, “Oh, that's probably just me.”
No, I guess it's a bunch of people by now seeing some indicators in the Puppy mess of a pattern that we've already seen in GamerGate, and it's alarming.
I've wondered much less about Moshe Feder, John Scalzi, or PNH's safety than Gallo's, partly because the angriest Puppies and boycotters seem so focused specifically on Gallo (and she's the one whose apology, instead of being accepted by these people and ending the matter, has been reacted to with irrational escalations of rage), but also because they're men. Yes, men also get doxxed, threatened, stalked, and harassed, of course, and these men could be in potential danger… but “movements” like this tend more toward stalking women than men. So I think that after Gallo, the next likeliest target is Teresa Nielsen Hayden. Plus, the Puppies have been heavily focused on them at times, and a number of them have already “unpersoned” them with nasty nicknames like the “Toad of Tor.”
Anyhow, nothing may come of it. But it seems like it's something that probably many people are wondering about by now. Perhaps also at Tor.
Octavia on June 21, 2015 at 1:43 am said:
I agree. The vitriol of the puppies, especially against Irene Gallo seems to be spiraling completely out of control. Just like the narrative (comments instead of one comment with subsequent apology, attack against everyone and their dog, etc.).
Since some of the puppies/puppy-supporters own guns and a few have no problem with throwing all kinds of threats around, it does get really worrisome. Especially as none of the supposed “puppy-leaders” is even pretending to try and reign them in. Or call for some moderation. Instead they pour gasoline in the fire.
I hope Irene Gallo has a strong support network and people who can help them with the vitriol. I'm pretty sure that she's receiving all kinds of threats at least on their work-email, maybe also on facebook.
Laura Resnick says:
August 17, 2012 at 1:12 pm
Whever I think “alpha male”… my daydream quickly becomes a Sweeney Todd nightmare in which I'm serving the remains to my dinner guests, disguised as some sort of heavy-seasoned stew beneath puff pastry, because I wound up killing said Alpha Male in sheer exasperation before sundown and need to get rid of the body….
Jim Henley on June 21, 2015 at 9:23 am said:
I stand foursquare against taking a baseball bat to anyone. But when it comes to defending the honor of one's spouse, I have been dwelling on this:
Brad Torgersen's wife, as everyone keeps telling us, is black. In VD's attack on NK Jemison, they asserted that “genetics tells us not all of us are equally Homo sapiens.” This says “Brad Torgersen's wife is not fully human according to Science!” far more explicitly than, for instance, anything Moshe Feder said about the Tor boycott applies to either Wright or Lamplighter. But other than saying, generally, “I'm not Vox Day,” Brad Torgersen refuses to repudiate VD or criticize them in specific. The guy who, not just by Puppy logic but any commonsense reading, called their wife subhuman.
I have a hard time squaring that with any concept of “personal honor” that means anything.
Paul Weimer (@princejvstin) on June 21, 2015 at 2:59 pm said:
My “translation of Beale” seems to be on the fritz. They updated their post with a reply to Jim with an explanation that I don't grok. As far as I can make it (and that's not far) means that Nora is subhuman, but Brad's wife is not, because I said so that's why.
FungiFromYuggoth on June 21, 2015 at 3:27 pm said:
You're missing Beale's dodge – he's not arguing that black people are sub human, just that the people-he-likes are more evolved than baseline human. They think he's being clever, and it speaks ill of the intellect and character of anyone who is impressed by that dodge. Especially if they've read their entire tirade. This is the essence of Beale – to weasel and imply while building a half-assed trick, and then to point and laugh at the people who understand what he's actually saying, trying to claim that he's the truly smart one.
It's so terribly frustrating to SJWs when they can't find any scary threats to point-and-shriek about that they have to go and manufacture their own imaginary ones. Either these people are lying for effect or they are literally, clinically and medically insane.First, the only person who has been doing any cyberstalking is Irene Gallo . They started following me on Twitter after this whole thing erupted and only stopped after I sent an email to the Compliance Officer at Macmillan informing them of their actions. And before anyone is stupid enough to point out the Facebook screenshot I posted, let me remind you that while I have a Facebook account, I have not utilized it in well over a year.Second, Laura Resnick's feigned concern over nonexistent violence is ridiculous given their own fantasies about sexually attractive men.Imagine their reaction if I said I daydreamed about killing and eating Tor employees. The fact is that no one in the Sad or Rabid Puppy camps wishes any physical harm to come to Irene Gallo, Moshe Feder, or Patrick Nielsen Hayden. No one has suggested or even hinted at the desirability of them being physically harmed in any way. We merely expect them to receive pink slips as a reasonable consequence of their unprofessional and abusive actions.In any event, it should be obvious that it is not our side that contains the mentally unstable. Ergo the Third Law of the Social Justice Warrior:UPDATE: Sweet Mendel, but these people are stupid.He obviously hasn't been dwelling anywhere nearly hard enough. Brad understands what Jim quite clearly does not, which is that pointing out the INCONTROVERTIBLE GENETIC FACT that all of us are not equallyis not tantamount to calling their wife subhuman.My statement is not controversial nor any more debatable than "2+2=4" or "a fish is not a tiger". Nor does it say, “Brad Torgersen's wife is not fully human according to Science!”Anyone can be uninformed. But only an idiot attempts to inaccurately summarize things they do not understand rather than simply ask for clarification.Jim literally does not understand the plain English of what I wrote. And neither Brad Torgersen nor their wife are going to criticize me for that statement because they are not scientific ignoramuses.You'd think the morons would learn to start looking before they leap. But they never do.UPDATE 2: And even when they're explicitly told they're being morons, they STILL jump in:Keep in mind when reading this, that these are people who genuinely believe they are more intelligent and better educated than we are. Because science. Also, vaccines. I'm not claiming to be smarter than them, I'm publicly DEMONSTRATING it.
Labels: freakshow, SJW
The Mayhill Convenience Store has had signs up for more than a year that include phrases like “Bullets Not Ballots” and “Kill Obama” with the word “care” written in smaller letters under it.
A New Mexico convenience store owner appears to promote their business by making threats of political violence.
Wow, is the owner of Mayhill convenience store even being investigated by the @SecretService ? Note sign" Kill #Obama -care- #NewMexico @FBI pic.twitter.com/ESgHyqpQDu
Although the signs have been around for some time, local station KOB drew new attention to the store on Friday. Outside the business, a sign reading “ Obama & other Muslims not welcome here ” greets customers.
A former worker at the store, Marlon McWilliams, told the station that people who have called out the owner for their racist signs have been banned from the establishment.
“If you go in there and you offend him, you can't go in there no more,” McWilliams said. “He turns lots of people away.”
The Council on American-Islamic Relations released a statement condemning the store.
“While everyone has the First Amendment right to free speech – even offensive speech – we urge the store's owner to remove the sign in the interest of common decency and of our nation's unity at a time of increasing divisions,” CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper said in a statement.
The owner of the store could not be reached for comment. The store's listed phone number is no longer in service.
Detroit firefighters discuss impact of utility shut-offs and budget cuts
By Jerry White
17 March 2010
On March 12 Detroit firefighters held a dinner for Sylvia Young, a 30-year-old mother who lost three small children in a house fire on the city's west side. The March 2 fire started just hours after the local utility provider, DTE Energy, cut off gas and electrical service to the home on Bangor Street.
The dinner, hosted by the Phoenix organization, a group of African American firefighters, was held at Engine Co. #40 fire station. As Sylvia Young, their surviving children and other family members entered the station, firefighters stood at attention. The family was welcomed by Phoenix President James C. Harris who told them, “our house is your house” and that firefighters would always be there if Sylvia needed help.
The following day more than 30 firefighters attended the funeral for Trávion, 5, Fantasia, 4, and Selena, 3, and several acted as pallbearers. (See “Funeral held for Detroit children killed in Bangor Street fire”).
The warmth and solidarity of the firefighters stands in sharp contrast to the vindictive treatment Sylvia Young has received from the news media, government officials and DTE Energy, which have repeatedly maligned them The state attorney's office is threatening to take away their remaining children because they were not at home when the fire started. In fact they were at a discount store buying space heaters and returned with them in hand to see their house engulfed in flames.
The deep sympathy the firefighters have for Young and other Detroit residents stems from their first-hand experience with the consequences of utility shut-offs and poverty in the city. In addition to endangering the lives of ordinary citizens, DTE's utility shut-offs also put the lives of firefighters at risk.
Moreover, Detroit firefighters, like the rest of city residents, have been hit by decades of budget cuts and layoffs, exacerbating the dangers they face every day.
Several firefighters noted that the dinner was being held on the anniversary of the worst disaster for the Detroit Fire Department in its history, the loss of three firefighters during a March 12, 1987 blaze at an abandoned warehouse and nearby paper factory. At that time, city officials tried to blame a homeless man—who was trying to keep warm in the abandoned factory—in order to divert attention from the fact that city officials had slashed funding for the fire department and closed the nearest fire station.
The firefighters at Engine Co. #40 have responded to several fires in the city where the victims had no utility service. They told the WSWS that fighting fires in a city where residents lack the most basic necessities of modern life—and where the firefighters are short-handed and understaffed—exacts a heavy physical and psychological toll on firefighters.
A firefighter with 15 years experience related the story of one comrade, Jackie “Rage” Jones. As a young, inexperienced firefighter, the first blaze they responded to be the February 1993 fire on Mack Ave. where seven small children were killed. The experience—including holding four of the dying children in their arms—had so traumatized them that they were never the same again. Years later Jones took their own life by jumping off the Belle Isle Bridge. The tragic fire was the direct result of the cut-off of water, gas and electrical service to the home. (See “The 1993 Mack Ave. fire inquiry”)
Over the last two decades, the city's Democratic mayors have eliminated hundreds of firefighters' jobs, shut down stations and reduced funding for the purchase of new equipment and the repair of decaying stations and emergency vehicles.
Another firefighter said the Fire Department's computers were outdated and there were six Emergency Medical Service (EMS) vehicles that were not properly licensed to carry trained technicians because the city would not spend $390 to buy the licenses. Many skilled EMS technicians were therefore leaving the fire department to get jobs with local hospitals.
In recent years, the city administration has closed several stations and at least four others have been “deactivated,” the closing down of stations for days at a time when the department cannot find available manpower.
The World Socialist Web Site spoke with Sgt. Mike Funchess, an officer from Engine Co. #40.
“We are required to respond with seven pieces of equipment to each fire,” Funchess said. “But if there are two fires at once in an area and other companies are called in to help it shrinks the available manpower. We get over-stretched and have to figure out where to send our resources first because closed companies have no one to send. I'm afraid this is going to go on until someone is killed. Then the day after it happens they will announce they are putting firefighters on overtime.
“We are fighting fires in poor neighborhoods. I'd say 65 percent of the fires in homes we are told are vacant really have homeless people squatting in them. These people don't want anyone to know they are there. They burn wood in the fireplace to stay warm and put plastic over the windows. You would swear the houses were vacant but people are living there.
“We're supposed to let the vacant homes burn down but I say let's put it out. Sometimes you hear a dog barking inside and know someone must have tied them up in there. It's not my job to let it burn up.
“I think a lot of the fires in the city are not in downtrodden areas but areas where real estate developers want to build a new row of houses.
“The mayor is talking about shutting down whole areas of the city and privatizing services. They won't let us hire. In 1989, when I hired in, there were 2,100 firefighters. There are 800 now.
“We need to hire and bring in new firefighters who are 23 to 25 years old because this is a physically demanding job. The last firefighter who was hired—five years ago—was 42, and had been laid off from another city job.
“A lot of young people around the city want jobs. They could learn to fight fires and that would strengthen us. But the city isn't hiring. Instead, guys are getting hurt and beat up. They've cut us bad. One guy is doing the job of four and they wear out faster.”
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A north London council has become one of the first in the UK to launch a lettings agency.
Haringey Council has set up a private sector lettings agency to help protect renters from "rip-off fees and charges".
Move 51 North, which launched on Thursday, will be the first lettings agency in conjunction with a council to help private tenants who are not on temporary or social housing lists.
The council said it set up the company to give tenants a “fairer deal” and help landlord provide a reliable service.
Landlords will be matched with tenants who face rent hikes, inflated contract renewal fees or who have had bad service from other lettings companies.
Councillor Alan Strickland, cabinet member for housing and regeneration, said: “Private tenants in London are too often forgotten in the noisy debate about the housing market in our city.
“Haringey is fast becoming one of London's most popular places to live and work, and we know many people prefer the flexibility of the private rented sector – which is why it's vital we do more to protect them from rogue landlords and unscrupulous lettings firms.
“I'm delighted to launch our new lettings agency today that will offer both renters and landlords a better deal and help stamp out rip-off fees and charges.”
South Yorkshire towns reject government-backed proposals for Sheffield city region in favour of deal that could lead to mayor for whole county
People in Barnsley and Doncaster have voted in favour of a proposed devolution deal that would elect a mayor for the whole county of Yorkshire.
The results of what the two local authorities called “community polls” were announced on Thursday afternoon. Both south Yorkshire towns rejected a government-backed deal for the Sheffield city region in favour of a proposed deal for the whole county.
In Doncaster, 85% of voters (38,551) supported the proposals to devolve power to the whole of Yorkshire on a turnout of 20.1%, while 6,685 voted in favour of the Sheffield city region deal, with 234 spoiled ballot papers.
In Barnsley, 84.9% of those who voted (34,015) backed the wider Yorkshire deal on a turnout of 22.4%, while 6,064 voted for the Sheffield city region deal.
Ros Jones, the mayor of Doncaster, said the council had a “true mandate from our residents” to pursue a devolution deal for the whole of Yorkshire. “It is the will of the people, our business community and our elected politicians that Doncaster should be part of a wider Yorkshire devolution agreement,” they told councillors on Thursday.
The results are the latest in a long-running debate over devolution to the county of Yorkshire and its population of over 5 million people. In 2015, the government agreed plans to devolve powers over infrastructure investment, transport, skills and housing, plus £900m of funding over 30 years, to a group of local authorities termed the Sheffield city region.
Following challenges by Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire county councils, who described the agreement as a “land grab” by Sheffield, Bassetlaw and Chesterfield withdrew from the deal earlier this year.
Doncaster and Barnsley councils are among 15 Yorkshire local authorities to have given their backing to a “One Yorkshire” deal – put forward by politicians in Leeds – in which a directly elected mayor would oversee a combined authority for the whole region. The proposal has received cross-party support and backing from the CBI, the Federation of Small Businesses, the Institute of Directors and the TUC.
Sheffield and Rotherham are the only local authorities to give their full backing to the Sheffield city region deal.
The government has previously insisted it will not consider any whole-Yorkshire devolution plan that includes the councils already signed up to the Sheffield city region deal. But in a change of position, the communities secretary, Sajid Javid, wrote to civic leaders in South Yorkshire on Wednesday to suggest a compromise.
They put forward a two-stage solution in which south Yorkshire local authorities agree to go forward with plans to devolve powers to Sheffield city region and then look at joining a wider-Yorkshire deal later on. The government still plans to push ahead with elections for a metro mayor for the Sheffield city region next May, with or without the backing of Barnsley and Doncaster.
Cllr Sir Stephen Houghton, the leader of Barnsley council, called on the government to enter into discussions with the local authorities that were backing the One Yorkshire deal, and asked them not to impose a Sheffield city region mayor “against the will of the people”.
Responding to Javid's letter, Ros Jones said both Barnsley and Doncaster were willing to consider interim solutions for the Sheffield city region, but that they were also “clear about the ultimate destination, which is for Doncaster to be part of a Yorkshire devolution agreement based on the widest possible geography”.
Asked why they thought a One Yorkshire agreement was better for Doncaster, they said: “We've come a long way since [the Sheffield city region deal in] 2015 and Brexit plays an important part in that. We've got to look internationally to bring in investment. Yorkshire is a brand that people can sell out there.”
They defended the cost of the polling, estimated at around £250,000 between the two local authorities. “These deals are going to last for 30-plus years,” they said. “We're taking about our children's future and our children's children's future. I think it's right that we ask people what they think.”
Dan Jarvis, the MP for Barnsley Central, said the turnout was impressive given the time of year and the complexity of the subject. They said that Christmas would provide a “period for reflection” over which council leaders could consider how they would respond to Javid's letter.
“This is massively important for Yorkshire, for the north of England and more generally for the way in which devolution happens across the whole country,” they said. “The notion that government should seek to impose a devolved settlement is a strange one and goes against the whole grain of devolution,” Jarvis added.
A Department for Communities and Local Government spokesperson said: “We have always said we would welcome discussions on a widely supported greater Yorkshire devolution deal provided the Sheffield city region deal was not threatened. While we will not undo the Sheffield city region deal, which has been partly implemented and would bring around £1bn of new investment to the area, we have proposed to the four South Yorkshire leaders what we believe is a good way forward. We look forward to hearing the leaders' response.”
The state has already started the spin campaign regarding the near catastrophe of Lake Oroville.
Some are taking it hook, line and sinker. Farmers are not.
Take Feather River's fish for example. The dichotomy between fish and farmer was spun long ago. The fallacy goes like this: Fish and farmer are intricately connected because of water. Salmon and steelhead are in danger. Therefore, farmers must give up water because they took it from the fish.
The protagonist is the state of California — the Departments of Water Resources and Fish and Wildlife, the saviors. These are doing battle against the evil, fish-killing lords of agriculture.
Such crafted narrative rivals the best prose and propaganda of Antiquity, and the media is parchment and pen.
The Chico E-R and the L.A. Times have run stories on the “millions of fish and fish eggs” that have been saved. The stories minimize the catastrophic environmental failure the spillway incident was to Feather River's ecosystem.
Untold amounts of fish died, yet state agencies are praised. From a farmer's perspective, this is incredibly inconsistent.
Farmers are demonized for legally allocating managed agricultural water to their crops. Last fall, in one of its most aggressive water grab plans yet, the state wanted to take more water from farmers. Why? To save fish, they claimed.
The inconsistency is ludicrous.
Here's the irony: The majority of the state Legislature as well as the executive branch are convinced climate change will have dire consequences on our water security. Rather than taking action to modernize our water infrastructure in lieu of climate change, they seem bent on telling Californians that farmers are the root cause of our environmental ills. It's nonsensical.
If it is true climate change will make it more challenging, and dangerous, for California to cope with winter rains and snow, then we must not only better manage higher volumes of runoff, we must be able to store it in a different form than snowpack. Any objective appraisal of the situation points to the most obvious solution: Sites Reservoir.
So, before “we launch our own damn satellites” in the name of fighting climate change, as Gov. Jerry Brown angrily threatened recently, California representatives must build Sites.
The irony gets thicker. California, the self-proclaimed champion of economic growth, avant-garde environmentalism and defender of disadvantaged communities, has, at one fell swoop with Lake Oroville, managed to jeopardize all three with the laissez-faire (mis)management of our crumbling water infrastructure.
Our existing water infrastructure is wildly unsustainable for a state that prides itself on sustainability.
California is poised for an epic turf war with the Trump administration in the name of environmentalism. Here's more irony: California's battle against Trump is akin to the farmer's battle against the state's radical environmental liberalism — big brother forcing extreme political ideologies upon people who are already doing everything they can to fight climate change on their farms. Some are asking, “How does it feel?”
As California's infrastructure erodes, Gov. Brown spins the greatest yarn yet. Earlier this week they moved to expedite $500 million for “repairs and maintenance.”
To the uninitiated, Brown is another California savior coming to the rescue. To farmers who know better, Brown moved to expedite approximately $400 million from water bond funding already approved by voters for this very purpose.  They are trying to save face by putting out a fire, not allocating additional funds to prevent more flooding.
Ronald Reagan, California's governor at the time, spoke at Oroville Dam's dedication: “It's with great pride, therefore, that I simply dedicate Oroville Dam and Lake Oroville, to the people of California's future.”
We are the people of California's future noting the irony before us: Former Gov. Pat Brown, father of Jerry Brown, fought vigorously to get the dam built back in the '50s. Their son is letting it crumble at the expense of our economy, environment and communities.
Rory Crowley is a Chico farmer and columnist for North State Voices, which appears each Thursday. Email them at CaAgVoice@gmail.com.
If you booked your flight or holiday with an ATOL licensed tour operator or travel agent, you will be covered under the scheme. Check brochures and websites for the ATOL logo and a licence number, or check the names of travel firms and ATOL numbers at www.atol.org.uk .
ATOL licenses are not issued to airlines. If you booked directly with your airline, you will not be covered by the ATOL scheme.
The Civil Aviation Authority advises anyone booking only a flight, or separate airline tickets and hotel accommodation, to take out an insurance policy that covers airline insolvency and any possible indirect loss as a consequence. Many travel insurance policies do not cover airline insolvency, so check the small print.
You could also consider paying by credit card. All purchases over £100 are covered by the Consumer Credit Act 1974, although indirect losses are not protected.
I am still abroad, and my travel company has gone bust – what should I do?
If you booked your flight as part of a package with an ATOL-protected tour operator, the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) will work to ensure you can remain in your accommodation until you are due to travel home. Your hotel should be made aware of the situation. If they insist that you pay again, speak to the CAA and confirm that it has contacted the hotel.
Some hotels may not understand the ATOL protection scheme. If you are forced to pay for your accommodation again, you can claim a refund from the CAA when you return to Britain.
If you are not covered by the ATOL scheme, you will need to make your own arrangements, keeping all receipts safe, before contacting your insurance provider when you return home.
When will I be flown home?
The CAA aims to fly holidaymakers back as close to their planned departure date as possible, so you should head to the airport as normal, unless instructed otherwise.
It's unlikely you'll be flown back earlier, but your return may be delayed. In this situation, additional, reasonable costs for accommodation, meals and transports will be reimbursed – but keep your receipts.
Will I get a choice of flights?
No. You will be allocated a flight home.
Will I fly back to the airport I departed from?
Not necessarily but if you are flown to a different UK airport, there will be a free transfer arrangement to the airport you originally flew from.
Will I be compensated for any missed holiday if I'm flown back early?
No. But it's very unlikely that you'll be flown home early.
I am due to travel with a company that has failed – what should I do?
All holidays or flights with your travel company will be cancelled. Do not travel to the airport, as your tickets will not be honoured.
If your flight is part of an ATOL-protected package, the CAA will give you a full refund, usually with a couple of months, depending on the complexity of the claim. If you paid using a credit card, the CAA may advise you to claim a refund through your card issuer.
If you bought flight tickets only, or a DIY package, check your travel insurance policy.
Will I be refunded for other arrangements such as car hire?
Any purchases not included in your package, such as car hire or excursions, will not be covered by the ATOL scheme. If you paid using a credit card, and spent more than £100, you should be able to claim a refund through your card issuer. You may also be covered by your travel insurance – check your policy.
My tour operator doesn't appear to have ATOL protection – what do I do?
If you're still abroad, you will have to pay again for accommodation and flights home. The CAA says that spare capacity on planes is offered to non-ATOL protected passengers – though there is no guarantee and you will have to pay a standard fee.
If you are due to travel, you will not be able to claim a refund from the CAA. However, if you paid using a credit card, you should be able to secure a refund. Your travel insurance policy may also cover tour operator failure.
CCG, Trading Cards, More
Enterplay plans a new set for its CCG, a Value Pack trading card product, another trading card set in its regular series, and has news on its Dice Sets and other products.
My Little Pony CCG Set 7, which will be titled Marks in Time, will ship in late May, company executives told ICv2 at the GAMA Trade Show in Las Vegas. It will ship in Booster Packs and a Make Your Marks -- Draft Pack, which will include four boosters and three exclusive foil Mane Character cards, for $10.99 MSRP.
The theme of the Marks in Time set will be time travel, with Starlight Glimmer, in the card pictured here, featured prominently.
My Little Pony CCG: High Magic, the most recent CCG series (see “Enterplay's Next ‘My Little Pony CCG' Products and Events”) was the last to include a deck product, as Enterplay is now moving to the Draft Pack product configuration.
Equestrian Friends Trading Card Value Pack, a new product configuration in a $1 MSRP pack, will ship to the dollar trade (dollar stores) in April. The set will include 72 cards, including 9 checklists, and 9 tattoos. Each pack will include five items: 3 cards, 1 tattoo, and 1 puzzle/checklist card. This will be the first trading card product to include the Equestria Girls characters.
Series 4 of the Little Pony Trading Cards is planned for Summer 2016.
We also asked about some previously announced products. The Deluxe Dice Sets, originally announced for last summer (see “'Deluxe Dice Sets' for ‘My Little Pony CCG'”), has been delayed by manufacturing issues, although the company is still planning a die product.
While Enterplay is still considering a separate stand-alone two-player product, the theme has not yet been decided, and it will now be a draft pack type product, rather than a theme deck.
And the company still hopes to launch a Little Pony organized play website which accommodates the special issues associated with the product line's young fan base, and continues to work on it.
The property remains strong, according to Enterplay CEO Dean Irwin, who noted that the most recent Brony-Con boasted record attendance, and that the company's mass products, such as the second series of My Little Pony dogtags, released last December, are selling very well.
Denmark women were beaten 4-2 in the final of the 2017 Euros by Netherlands
Denmark women will not play Sweden in Friday's World Cup qualifier as the row with the Danish Football Association (DBU) over employment conditions continues.
The DBU informed Sweden the game was off on Wednesday morning.
The team remain on strike after the DBU rejected two recent proposals.
They included an offer of £60,000 a year for the women from the men's team, and to have the same basic rights as the men have in their agreement.
The Euro 2017 runners-up, who did not play their friendly against the Netherlands last month because of the dispute, have another World Cup qualifier next Tuesday, against Croatia.
What is the dispute?
Negotiations over the new deal, which are understood to have been ongoing for the past 10 months, are focused on whether the women's national team players are employed by the DBU.
In the new deal put forward by the Danish FA, and so far rejected by the players, the women's national team would no longer be classed as employees of the football association.
The Green Party (MP) now has the support of 15.5 percent of the Swedish electorate ahead of Sunday's vote, according to the latest opinion poll by Novus. The poll shows that the party has overtaken the Moderates who came in at 15 percent and now trails only the Social Democrats on 25.1 percent.
"We have not seen anything like it. I think that in Sweden, this is unique in itself," said Torbjörn Sjöström at Novus to Sveriges Radio.
The Feminist Initiative (Fi) continued their dramatic success of recent months to claim a statistically significant rise to 5.4 percent and look set to claim their first seats in the parliament.
The Liberal Party also put in a strong showing, claiming 11.1 percent. There were only slight changes in support for the other parties meanwhile with the Left Party claiming 7.1 percent, the Sweden Democrats 6.3, the Christian Democrats 6.1 and the Centre Party polling 5.0 percent. The Pirate Party looks set to lose its seats in the parliament, registering only 2.8 percent in the Novus poll.
Novus conducted 3,044 interviews between May 16-22 and 1,925 people indicated a party preference.
The election promises to pose some interesting conundrums and observers expect a few surprises as the votes are counted on Sunday.
In a heated party leader debate on Sveriges Television on Friday the issues of Danish pork and unemployment proved to be the most contentious.
The Green Party and the Centre Party battled it out in presenting themselves as the pig's best friend with MP's Isabella Lövin accusing the Centre Party of failing to push the government to lobby the European Commission to act against the use of antibiotics and tail-docking in Danish pig farms.
The leading candidates for the Social Democrats and Moderates, Marita Ulvskog and Gunnar Hökmark respectively, renewed hostilities after the former accused "the right" of causing Europe's high unemployment by forcing through austerity programmes across the continent.
"You do not seem worried. You look damn pleased," they told Hökmark.
Hökmark responded simply that employment was a matter for individual EU member states.
With only around 47 percent of the electorate expected to bother to vote at all the outcome remains highly uncertain, according to political science professor Henrik Ekengren Oscarsson.
Indiana law requires proof of U.S. citizenship, but the man isn't a citizen.
Detail of a wooden gavel and books on a table. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A transgender man is suing the state of Indiana for not allowing them to change their legal name — because he's not a U.S. citizen.
State law requiring proof of citizenship for a name change, they said in a lawsuit filed Tuesday, discriminates against them because of their noncitizen status and violates their freedom of speech and privacy to protect their gender identity.
"It is embarrassing," the man said, "and puts me in danger of violence and discrimination."
 They are not a U.S. citizen but lives in the country legally.  They are a 31-year-old Indiana resident whose name is withheld in the lawsuit, which lists them as "John Doe."
Having their female birth name on their state identification outs them as transgender and has caused issues when the man was pulled over by a police officer, when they sought treatment at a hospital and when they ordered a drink at a restaurant, the lawsuit said.
The police officer didn't understand why a man had a female name, the man said: "He said I was playing games, and I would be arrested unless I showed them my real ID."
They said the female birth name also forced them to lose a job opportunity when they had to explain they were transgender.
The man filed the civil rights lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana in Indianapolis, with the help of the Transgender Law Center and MALDEF, a Latino legal civil rights organization. It names Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller and Marion County Clerk Myla Eldridge as defendants.
The attorney general's office did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment.
"The state shouldn't have to force anyone to out themselves as transgender, at constant risk of their own safety, just because they aren't citizens," said Isa Noyola, programs director for the Transgender Law Center.
The man was born in Mexico, and their family moved to Indiana when they were 6. In 2015, the lawsuit said, the U.S. granted them asylum because of the risk that they would face persecution in Mexico because they are transgender.
Before that, in 2013, they had received Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status, which allows children who entered the country illegally to stay and receive a work permit.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Urgent developments you should know now, not later. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
They intend to apply for permanent residency this month, the lawsuit said, and would need to wait at least three years before applying for naturalization.
They have lived as a man throughout their adult life, they said, coming out to friends and family in 2012. Their gender is recognized as male on all official U.S. documents, the lawsuit said, including their Indiana state identification and immigration documents.
MALDEF staff attorney Matthew Barragan said they have not found other states that require citizenship in order to obtain a name change.
"It's really not a case about transgender rights," said Steve Sanders, an associate professor at Indiana University's Maurer School of Law. "It's a case about the rights of legal aliens where, in this case, the impact falls particularly hard and in a particularly dramatic way on a transgender person."
The lawsuit noted that the citizenship requirement in Indiana law, passed in 2010, "was first enacted as part of a measure targeting identity theft and with the specific purpose of making it 'more difficult for illegal immigrants to create new identities.'"
Because the man is a legal immigrant, Sanders said, the state would be held to the highest level of scrutiny to prove why it needs to treat them differently from a U.S. citizen.
Some legal privileges apply only to U.S. citizens, but other portions of the law — including the constitutional right to equal protection and due process in the 14th Amendment — treat citizens and noncitizens equally.
Although it is a case based on alienage, Sanders said, it highlights the indignities and legal difficulties that transgender people often face.
"It does put you in sort of odd situation to have your gender legally changed but still be forced to live under a name that doesn't fit your gender," Sanders said.
Call IndyStar reporter Stephanie Wang at (317) 444-6184. Follow them on Twitter: @stephaniewang.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2cmKPfa
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 21, 2016, 8:12 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 21, 2016, 10:33 PM GMT By Erik Ortiz
Police videos from dashboards and bodycams could hold key evidence in the deadly police-involved shooting that has left Charlotte, North Carolina, on edge after a wave of overnight protests.
But the chance of those videos seeing the light of day could be less likely given a recently signed state law that goes into effect Oct. 1 — and means certain details in Tuesday's shooting of Keith Lamont Scott could remain under wraps.
In the hours after the shooting, authorities and Scott's family have given a differing version of events.
Related: Man Fatally Shot by N.C. Cops Warned Repeatedly to Drop Gun: Chief
Police were at The Village at College Downs housing complex to search for someone else with an outstanding warrant when they said they found Scott holding a handgun before 4 p.m. ET.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County police say they were armed and refused to drop their weapon after officers repeatedly warned them to comply. Their family, however, contends the 43-year-old African-American father was unarmed and reading a book in their car when police confronted him.
A weapon was recovered at the scene, but not a book, Police Chief Kerr Putney told reporters Wednesday. They could not immediately say whether Scott pointed their gun at officers, but that they "stepped out (of their car) posing a threat."
Putney said the bodycam and dashcam footage is being reviewed as part of an investigation into Scott's death and could help determine whether the officers should be held criminally responsible.
Three of the officers who responded to the scene were wearing bodycams, the chief added, although the officer who fired the fatal shot wasn't.
"You know the law as well as I do — right now we can't release it," Putney told reporters. "It'd have a negative impact on the integrity of the case, and that's something we're not gonna do."
The new state law signed in July no longer classifies bodycam and dashcam video as police personnel — but it also doesn't consider it public record.
Once the legislation goes into effect next month, that means only a judge can decide to make the video available publicly. Otherwise, a person who appears or is heard in the footage can request to view it with police consent — but not make personal copies. If they are denied, they can get permission from a court.
A judge could permit people who aren't in the video to watch the footage, although it can't violate seven conditions under the law, such as that doing so would put people at risk.
A police officer shot and killed Keith Lamont Scott, 43, near the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. via Facebook
The ACLU of North Carolina has slammed the law as "shameful" and said it only creates more barriers to getting information.
Gov. Pat McCrory, however, argued that it would better protect public safety officials, particularly after a string of high-profile shootings involving law enforcement.
"It's better to have rules and guidelines with all this technology than no rules and guidelines whatsoever," McCrory said at the time.
Related: Body Cameras Win Converts Among Police Officers on the Beat
It took two years before dashcam video was made public in another case in North Carolina that put a spotlight on police shootings.
State prosecutors initially refused to release video of the final moments of former Florida A&M University football player Jonathan Ferrell, who was killed by Charlotte-Mecklenburg police in September 2013. The video was finally released in August 2015 during the trial against the officer who shot Ferrell.
(Photo by Victor Tan / New Day Review)
July 11, 2017 at Sylvan Lake Park
Availability: HC Jason Kreis, MF Servando Carrasco Richie Laryea
HC Jason Kreis
Orlando City SC had a few-days break after a 3-1 loss to Toronto FC on July 5. The Lions started training again on Monday.
Really needed [that break]. We had so many games in a row in such a short period of time, and, just mentally, the guys were fatigued as well. So, nice to get away from the game, also get away from each other and get the physical and mental break that we needed. The guys have come back with a lot of energy, and I think the coaching staff has a lot of energy right now, and we're hopeful for another 10 days of good work to get us prepared for Atlanta.
For Kreis, the focus in this first of a two-week break before playing Atlanta United FC is on their own team.
It's back to what we're about. It's back to all of our philosophies of play. Defending. We spent a lot of time today talking about defending. Tomorrow, we'll spend a lot of time talking about what we're doing with the ball and how we can do better to create more goal-scoring chances and score more goals 'cause we see that that's—you know, we feel like that's a major issue for us right now. So we'll talk about how we might be able to do that. But, yeah, it's all about us this week, and then next week we'll have a full week to prepare for Atlanta.
Right-back Rafael Ramos suffered a Grade 1 hamstring strain in Orlando City B's 0-0 draw with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds on July 8.  They are expected to be out for four weeks.
You know, the hope is that it's only gonna be two weeks. It's Grade 1, so we're hopeful that it's very small and a minor problem. It's also not to the exact same muscle that they have been dealing with. And so we think it could be a minor issue that we could move forward from very quickly. But it's concerning. It's concerning, no doubt.
You know, it's an impossible situation. Sometimes I think it's in all of our natures to want to look for a black-and-white answer to every single situation that happens in life, and this is an injury situation that continues to happen, and we all wanna look for the black-and-white answer. We're handling all the black-and-white information. We're doing all the right things. The rehab, the nutrition, the strength work, the 1-v-1 work he's doing outside of the field, the core work—everything we're putting into it, all of the right information, but, for some reason, it's still eluding us. So I just don't have an answer.
After the loss to Toronto, Kreis prompted their own message about the referees, saying they feel their team feels like the away team even at home. So far, Kreis has received no response from Major League Soccer.
I have not [received any feedback]. And it's one of those occasions. Sometimes after a game, you say something without maybe being level-headed or having the ability to look at the video first, and oftentimes you'll change your opinion from those statements. This is not one of those times. I rewatched the video, and it's very, very clear to me that decisions that went against us in that Toronto game, in particular. But I can tell you, generally, I feel the same exact way in almost every single match we've played this year. The decisions that have gone against us, the 50-50 calls, the little things that are going against us is just not right. The same exact types of contact in that game, in particular, and I feel the majority of the home games, the same types of contacts that our players fall down for, there's no call. The referee's waving it on. And in that game, in particular, the decision for the foul that they called [for Jozy Altidore] that led to the third goal, that broke our back was critically wrong. And so it's another game where you walk out, and you feel like if the referees had been better, we certainly could've come back in that game and drawn 'cause we had all the momentum. We had just scored, and things were looking positive for us.
I don't mean to make excuses or rile anybody up or anything else, but what I do mean to do is say that I want a fair shake for this team. These guys [are] working far too hard and giving way too much in every single game. Our fans are some of the best fans in the entire league. This club is supported extremely well by a community and supported extremely well financially by an owner. We deserve better.
Right-back Kevin Alston is still not training fully with the first team. At Tuesday's training, they did individual work.
It's an impossible situation as well because he's still not really even training. So impossible for them to be elevated when he's not fit to play. The good news is is that we have some other guys that have played right-back. Throughout the two years, we have two other players in this team that have played right-back for this team in first-team games and done a nice job, and we have another player that played right-back the entire last season in England. So, we have options.
Until an actual game is played between Atlanta and Orlando City, Kreis won't put any weight on the matchup being a rivalry.
I am one of those people that believes that rivalries should be intrinsic, and rivalries should happen through experiences and through matches. And so for me, I don't know whether it'll be a rivalry or not. We shall wait and see.
Laryea and Kreis had a “stern” conversation about a month ago discussing what it would take for the Canadian to earn minutes with the first team.
I think he's working in a really positive direction right now. About a month ago, maybe six weeks ago, something like that, so hard for me to remember, but we had a very stern conversation about what they needed to do if they wanted to get opportunities to play and how they needed to really treat these OCB performances the right way because they are real for us. And they took that message on full board, has performed extremely well with OCB in the matches that he's played there, and then they earned their opportunity, and when they got their opportunity, they showed us that it really meant a lot to him. So, he's giving us everything they have. They bring a spark and an energy in both the matches he's come into, and, when you do that, that's how you get more and more minutes. When you continue to do that, you get an opportunity to start. That's the progression that should be there, and that's the progression that I think he's taking advantage of now.
While Kreis sees Laryea as “another quiet Canadian,” they understand Laryea is still young and could develop into a more-vocal personality.
Quiet. Another quiet Canadian. I think that's about exactly right. But, you know, he's a young player. And so you don't know what it could be like with some confidence and with some rhythm, their personality may develop.
For Kreis, taking OCB games seriously is important to players' futures with the Central Florida club.
My answer to that is they better be [taking OCB games seriously] because, if they don't, they won't be here long-term. That is the philosophy that we have that those games matter. Those are the games where players that aren't getting minutes with the first team prove to the coaching staff that they deserve those minutes.
MF Servando Carrasco
For Carrasco, refreshing themselves is what's key during the upcoming break.
I think the four days were crucial just to re-charge, to refresh. Think since the day that we got back from training, it's been sharp, and that's the main thing.
I think it's just trying to get fresh. I think for a little bit there, I had some heavy legs, and I think the main thing to take advantage of during this break is to come back fresh; to train hard and to try and be ready for that opportunity.
City has 14 games left on their schedule. For Carrasco, having the same approach during the first part of the season is what the Lions will do.
I mean, not necessarily. I think we're gonna continue doing things that we're doing. I think the games that are coming up are vital for us. I think we have 10 days to prepare for those games, and that's what we're gonna try and do.
For Carrasco, Laryea is a “pretty quiet guy.”
What's Richie like off the field, huh? He's actually a pretty quiet guy. They have kind of that quiet confidence. You can see that when they step on the field. They always take players on. He's always on the front foot, so, yeah, he's a guy who's done tremendously well with the OCB team, and now that he's getting minutes for the first team, I think he's doing a tremendous job.
Carrasco sees their team's matchup solely as another opportunity to earn three points.
I think it's another opportunity to try and get three points. I know it sounds kinda cliché, but, right now, the standings are so tight. I think they're a point behind us or a point ahead of us or something like that, so I think the difference in points is minimal. So, every game is vitally important. Their team's done very well for their first season. The first word that comes to mind is a team that's very dynamic. Their attack is very strong, and they're a team that we have to be very,very conscious of.
For Carrasco, a two-week break before playing Atlanta couldn't have come at a better time.
I think it gives us the opportunity to address certain things. I think it's the perfect time, really. We have, I think, 14 games left, and there are things that we want to fix. There are things that we wanna strengthen, so I think this break couldn't have come at a better time. Gives us 10 days to address those things, and [I] think the main thing is we're gonna try and get better.
Ramos' injury “sucks” for Carrasco because they have seen Ramos as one of their most proactive teammates.
It sucks. It sucks because that's a guy that I see in the gym. He's the first one there. He's the first one doing all the preventative workouts, and to see them go down again with the same injury, it's tough for him, and we definitely feel for him. But he's the type of character who's gonna come back stronger. It's been a tough year for him, for sure, but we're there for him, and anything that we can do as a team we'll try and do.
MF Richie Laryea
Laryea has played 40 minutes in three matches for City's MLS side so far this season. Those are their first three appearances in MLS of their career.
It's been good. Obviously, using those OCB games to get the minutes there and get in those minutes is important for me.
I'm just showing what I can do when I get on the field, really. I'm just building trust with teammates on the first team, coaching staff and all that and just showing what I can do when I get the chance.
For Laryea, their time with OCB has made them the player they are today.
Obviously, the first year is a lot about learning for me. So I think that was good for me to get games on the B team and go through certain situations, and I think it's built and made me who I am right now. Obviously getting minutes and just getting used to the speed of play, physicality. All that kind of stuff from the [United Soccer League] and then, obviously, in trainings with the first team.
Laryea sees similarities between MLS and USL play.
I think in some senses it can be kinda similar, but then in other senses, the MLS has obviously bigger guys, faster guys, stronger guys. So, I think USL is just a step down and helps you prepare for that type of competition.
For Laryea, finding their favorite position is difficult.
It's hard to say. The position I've played with both teams, I'd say, are positions that I liked to play in the past, so I don't know if I can really pinpoint, like, one where I like to play the most.
Yeah, like being dropped off behind the striker position, I've played in the past as well. So, really wherever I can get on the field and do well is where I'll play.
Laryea hasn't been surprised by the pace of play in MLS.
Not so much surprised. I felt like I was ready for that type of game [in my MLS debut]. It's just about getting the chance and getting out there and doing what you have to do, really.
For Laryea, the next step in their progression is working toward a start.
Just building on that. Getting more appearances. Building towards a start and all that and just going from there.
Laryea was a part of the match when Ramos went down with another hamstring injury on July 8.
Yeah, it's obviously not good. He's worked so hard to get back. He's been doing well in training, doing well in games and all that. So, it's not good to see them go down like that, especially after multiple injuries with their hamstring.
Kreis said their team, at times, seemed to lack energy. Laryea sees that as an opportunity to insert their own energy into matches they play in for Kreis' side.
They've obviously played a lot of games this season, and the least I can do is come on, come out there and run around and put some tackles and try to make plays. So, I was happy to get in and do that. But, yeah, that's something I can definitely bring.
For more on Orlando City during their upcoming two-week break before facing Atlanta, follow Victor Tan on Twitter at @NDR_VictorTan.
Just breaking now that Edward Snowden the man behind leaking NSA's secret documents and exposing PRISM project has been offered asylum by the Republic of Nicaragua.
As I had posted before that Snowden had applied for asylum in 21 countries where India, Brazil, France, Iceland and Finland have already denied their request but in recent development the Nicaragua's president says he's willing to give Edward Snowden asylum.
French New agency Agence France-Presse has confirmed the news that Snowdan has been offered asylum by the Republic of Nicaragua.
Now the key point will be how to reach Nicaragua as the European countries are not entertaining any plane coming to pick the NSA's whistle blower.
UPDATE:
RT reports that Venezuela's President Nicolás Maduro says they will offer Edward Snowden asylum.
Follow @HackRead
So far we haven't seen much from Disney's live-action adaptation of Beauty And The Beast, just a teaser trailer teasing some of the iconic locations and our new Beauty. Directed by Academy Award-winning filmmaker Bill Condon (Dreamgirls, Gods and Monsters) the film stars Emma Watson as the new Beauty and Dan Stevens as the new Beast. And now we get a first look at some of the other iconic supporting characters from the new film: Lumiere played by Ewan McGregor and Cogsworth played by Ian McKellen. Get a first look at the what these two characters from Beast's castle look like in the new movie, after the jump.
Lumiere and Cogsworth From Beauty And The Beast
The following image was found on Twitter via a retweet from Erik Davis:
The above photo is apparently included on the Beauty and the Beast: 25th Anniversary Edition home video release, which hits stores on September 20th, 2016 (you can pre-order it now here). According to the Facebook of producer Jack Morrissey (found via io9), this image is actually concept art: “These designs are close but may not be final.”
Another image from behind the scenes B-roll footage shows off Luke Evans as Gaston filming a Gaston musical scene in the tavern. “I use antlers in all my dec-o-rating…”
You can also see Josh Gad as Le Fou in the background, as well as Alexis Loizon as Stanley.
Update: Another still from the behind the scenes b-roll footage has been posted of Dan Stevens as Prince Adam:
Everything we've seen from this film thus far has been gorgeous, and I'm very excited to see this tale in live action with this cast and crew.
Walt Disney Pictures is on a roll recently with their animated classics to live-action remakes. I've liked pretty much all of them and am one of those people that will argue to the death that Jon Favreau's The Jungle Book is 100 times better than the Walt Disney animated classic. I'm very hopeful that Condon and crew were able to create something special with this version of Beauty and the Beast. I'm sure we'll be getting a new trailer in the next couple months. I can't wait to hear what the musical numbers will sound and look like.
Beauty and the Beast will hit theaters on March 17th, 2017.
Joe Girardi noticed how Willson Contreras kept bouncing around at Wrigley Field. It didn't matter that it was early May, the “Sunday Night Baseball” broadcast had stretched into Monday morning and the Cubs would immediately head to O'Hare International Airport afterward to fly to Denver for a game at Coors Field that night.
Girardi understood the grind. The New York Yankees manager had once been an All-Star catcher for the Cubs, lasting 15 seasons in the big leagues – far longer than any kid from Peoria and Northwestern could have dreamed – because of their effort, intensity and intelligence.
“That's the most energetic catcher I've ever seen play 18 innings,” Girardi said after watching Contreras catch eight different pitchers in a 5-4 loss that lasted 6 hours and 5 minutes. “I give that kid a lot of credit. He's blocking balls, he's all over, smiling, playing their rear end off.”
That's why the Cubs had to save Contreras from themselves and package catcher Alex Avila with lefty reliever Justin Wilson in that trade-deadline deal with the Detroit Tigers.
“Willson plays like the Energizer Bunny,” general manager Jed Hoyer said. “We all know that. But everyone has their limits. And I do think we have to be very careful not to wear them down – to make sure he's still fresh during the pennant race.
“We risked them playing too much without going out and making a move like this.”
[RELATED - Willson Contreras may be the 'f--king Energizer Bunny']
The reinforcements will arrive just in time for a pivotal six-game homestand that begins Tuesday night against the Arizona Diamondbacks and features a potential first-round playoff preview this weekend against the Washington Nationals.
Contreras is only 25 years old and in the middle of their first full season in The Show. But they have already earned a World Series ring and established themselves as one of the organization's most dynamic players.
Since Miguel Montero talked their way off the team with that epic rant at Nationals Park on June 27, manager Joe Maddon started rookie Victor Caratini only four times at catcher. Caratini will return to Triple-A Iowa – where they had been hitting .341 with a .919 OPS in 69 games – to stay sharp for a September call-up and in case of an October emergency.
“Caratini is a really good prospect,” Hoyer said. “He's going to be a really good player. But we felt like the right thing to do for our pitching staff, for Willson, for the clubhouse was to add a veteran guy. That way, we have some depth at that position.
“With Victor going back to Iowa, we now have three catchers that we believe in, and I think that depth is really important as you go down the stretch. It really is important for Joe to get a veteran catcher that they really feels comfortable playing a lot.”
Avila will be a free agent after this season and the Cubs had some questions about their defense as they did background work on several targets behind the plate. But Avila worked with Justin Verlander, Max Scherzer, Rick Porcello and Michael Fulmer in Detroit.
Avila made an All-Star team in 2011, the beginning of a run where the Tigers won four straight division titles and they played in eight postseason series. Avila is a left-handed hitter who can crush right-handed pitching, putting up 11 homers and an .869 overall OPS in 77 games this season.
Contreras is so entertaining to watch every night, but the Cubs are built to outlast and overwhelm the rest of the National League Central with their depth and versatility over the course of the 162-game marathon.
“We've been playing better, but we still have another level within us,” Maddon said. “Alex is not a backup catcher. He's going to be serving as one, in a sense, but he's not that. This guy is a regular, everyday, solid major-league catcher that we get to work in. This way, neither one's going to be tired by the end of the year.”
“Mom, is this going to be scary?” asked an elementary school-age boy waiting in line behind me at the Tribulation Trail in Stockbridge, Georgia. Their mother brushed off the question: “It's only scary if you don't accept Jesus.”
But at Tribulation Trail fear was a theme from beginning to end. And if it wasn't a traumatic experience for this child, it probably should have been.
For many right-wing evangelical Christians, Halloween season is defined not by haunted houses, but by hell houses. Why scare people with whimsical ghosts and vampires when you can produce the same fear by portraying the (true and foretold) torture of unrepentant sinners—and win souls for Christ in the process? This is the logic of fundamentalist Christians who participate in hell houses.
A Walk Through the Woods with the Antichrist
Last week I partook in Tribulation Trail's brand of hell house pageantry, which brings participants—a total of 25,000 every October—on a 90-minute walk through the South Georgia woods. We observed intensely violent renditions of standard end-times scenarios: the rapture of believers; an ensuing period of torture and tribulation for the faithless “left behind”; a climactic battle between Jesus and Satan; and a final judgment in which Jesus orders a teenage church-girl to be dragged by demons into hell for “knowing me only in your head, and not in your heart.”
Unsurprisingly, scenes from the “tribulation” make up the majority of the walk. Our tour group was asked to imagine that we were in the days just following the rapture, and the Antichrist (whose speeches involved a lot of Obama-flavored language about “change”) had established a totalitarian government after duping the masses with their political charm.
Based on the Antichrist's orders, our tour group was being initiated into something called “Citizen Change Camp.” A main part of our “initiation” was witnessing the execution and torture of people who refused to denounce their Christian faith.
Six out of twelve total Tribulation Trail scenes involved executions. During one scene we saw a middle-aged male soldier throw a preteen girl into a coffin and spray them with blank bullets. In another scene, soldiers played by teen boys forced a fellow teen to watch their younger sister beaten to death with a club. In yet another, soldiers executed a girl—played by a child who could not have been more than eight years old—in order to pressure their mother into renouncing Christianity. Between scenes, men and teenage boys wearing camouflage and carrying automatic rifles surrounded our group, pointed their guns at us, and herded us to the next station. Along the pathways, we heard the groans of child actors locked up in cages and people begging us for water.
What sense can we make of this violence? Of all the things we could be doing on Halloween, why enact scenes of torture? What does this say about the sponsoring church? About US religious culture?
I don't pretend to have all of the answers to these questions. However, as I drove home I thought about Joe Bageant, author of Deer Hunting with Jesus, who writes about the political and religious lives of working-class white Americans—i.e. the people make up the majority of Tribulation Trail's cast and audience. Bageant argues that working-class whites have become a “growing permanent underclass” in a class war in which they are exploited by the elite right and neglected by the left. Given the violence directed at this group—whether physical violence inflicted against youth who are economically conscripted to fight in Iraq; economic violence inflicted by regressive tax policies; or psychological violence inflicted by a culture that tends to belittle poor whites—is it any wonder that Tribulation Trail enacts violent scenarios without directly deeming them “scary”? Is it any wonder that its vision of hope is located in something beyond immediate material realities?
“Did your God find me a job today?”
And this brings us to a second theme at Tribulation Trail: the impact of the recession, particularly on the US working class.
Quite literally the recession was present from the beginning to the end of Tribulation Trail. In the second scene, Jesus returned to rapture a woman as their unemployed husband berated them for trying to convince them to go to church: “Did your God find me a job today?! I'm not ready for your God!” The Antichrist enticed recruits with offers of work and food. Before the first execution scene, we watched a video drawn from news broadcasts. It emphasized images of (white) US combat soldiers (in an army that is disproportionately working-class) and clips of floods ravaging people's homes (in a year when thousands have lost houses to foreclosure).
Finally, the recession came up at the Tribulation Trail's last station, called “Counseling.” As is standard practice for hell houses, a Southern Baptist pressed our group to accept Christ into our hearts. They said, “There's some scary stuff going on back there, like we don't have enough to be scared about with the recession. And now I have to be afraid of death camps and seeing my family members assassinated? That's why we have to make a choice between fear and faith. When you choose faith, no matter what happens, there is nothing to be afraid of.”
Tribulation Trail is not solely about managing hypothetical fears of what may happen in end-times scenarios; it is about managing fears about the present and imagining a way out now. This “way out” is much more than metaphysical. It seems to fit with the material realities of what it is like to be a member of the working class of the U.S., by offering a sense of orientation and self-worth to people who have been demoralized and exploited in almost every other possible way.
It follows that for progressives to mock something like the Tribulation Trail for being purely misogynist, escapist, or a brainwashing operation by the Christian Right plays directly into the hands of those who capitalize off the culture wars by appealing to “America's heartland.” Right wing elites do not attend events like the Tribulation Trail unless they are campaigning for political office, but they speak its language and appeal to its “values”—and then use the momentum they gain to stab its working class people in the back without losing their votes. Yet, as Bageant writes, it is not far fetched for a continually exploited group of people “to vote for the man who looks strong enough to keep housing values up, to destroy your unseen enemies abroad, and to give God a voice in national affairs.” And it is no coincidence that the Facebook page for Tribulation Trail “likes” Sarah Palin.
For me, the terrifying part of Tribulation Trail was not the mock executions or the automatic rifles that people constantly pointed at my head. Rather, it was thinking about the context in which all of these things were happening and who would ultimately profit most from this event. Hint: It's not the people who actually were there.
So, yes, this is scary—for all of the reasons you might expect and many more.
The Battle of Kulikovo is not only a major historic battle (signifying both the symbolic formation of the Russian Empire and the symbolic fall of the Mongols), but also one of the most balls-out super-heavyweight-battles in all of Eurasian lore. By the time the battle officially concluded, a good one-third of Dmitri Ivanovich's troops (consisting mostly of warriors pulled from the numerous principalities of the pre-unified Russian countryside) were dead as shit, but in the process, they managed to basicallythe entire Golden Horde, uh, horde facing them, as before sundown on Sept. 8, 1380, the Don River was choked and clogged with at leastdead Mongol soldiers…no small feat, mind you, considering the Mongolians outnumbered the pre-Russians by a margin of at least 2-to-1
The Mongol-Russian hostilities began several decades earlier, when Golden Horde splintering resulted in the formation of independent, non-Mongol tribes in what is now modern day Russia. The Mongols, already on the decline as far as international influence was concerned, decided to stage a surprise siege of Moscow by sending Golden Horde general Mamai into the territory. The problem is, the dude camped outside Moscow for almost TWO YEARS waiting for a large enough Mongol army to join him, following the Tatar army getting their ass kicked at the Battle of Vozha in 1378. Not surprisingly, at some time during the waiting period, the leaders of the Moscow Duchy sort ofthe inordinate number of troops just hanging out across the river...and thus, one fateful September morn, the unified Russian ranks decided to stage a surprise attack of their own.
As customary, the battle began with the “champions” of both sides doing battle (with the Russians sending in, of all people, a monk to challenge the Mongolian ass-kicker extraordinaire Temir-murza), which resulted in a surprising double-death that nicely set the tempo for out and out bloodletting for the rest of the afternoon.
The Russians were successful against the Mongols for two primary reasons; first off, they pulled one of the greatest low-budget battle tactic moves of all-time by dressing up Ivanovich as your standard, run of the mill-looking knight, with the Golden Horde chasing after some unfortunate peasant pretending to be the head general for most of the fighting. They followed that up with a double-pronged flank attack, which left the Horde completely encircled and completely S.O.L…and if you've ever played any of those “Total War” games on a PC, you know exactly what happens next.
When it was all said and done, a good 20,000 Russian and Lithuanian forerunners had bitten the dust, at the expense of a Tataro-Mongolian body count at least five times as heavy. Needless to say, that was the last time the Golden Horde ever went camping alongside the Ugra River….
The Battle of Chibi
(Winter, 208-209 A.D.)
Military Lesson Learned: If your military opponent offers you several ships worth of "priceless treasures," and said ships sort of look like they're on fire as they come hurdling towards you, odds are, those boats probably don't contain treasure.
Historically, the Battle of Chibi symbolizes the death of the Han Dynasty and the birth of the Three Kingdoms age in China – unless, of course, we've all been lied to by a series of niche-market lots and lots of people dying somewhere close to the southern end of the Yangtze River a long, long time ago. Historically, the Battle of Chibi symbolizes the death of the Han Dynasty and the birth of the Three Kingdoms age in China – unless, of course, we've all been lied to by a series of niche-market Super Nintendo games . Admittedly, we're not really 100 percent sure what went down at the Battle of Chibi – occasionally referred to as the Battle of Red Cliffs – outside of the fact that it involvedof people dying somewhere close to the southern end of the Yangtze River a long,time ago.
This much, however, we do know. At the beginning of the third century, China was split into three major provinces, with these guys named Sun Quan and Liu Bei running competing (but not combative) territories in the south, and this dude named Cao Cao ruling the northern plains with an iron fist…when they aren't writing limericks about turtles, of course.
yourself “Master of the Universe” in the modern day), they decided that then was the time to unify their empire with the two provinces to the south…and by unify, I really mean “kill the shit out of.” After Cao Cao declared themselves the Imperial Chancellor of Han in 308 A.D. (which is sort of like naming“Master of the Universe” in the modern day), they decided that then was the time to unify their empire with the two provinces to the south…and by unify, I really mean “kill the shit out of.”
In a move right out of a James Bond movie, Cao Cao decided to “formerly” declare war against Sun Quan by sending a letter promising 800,000 troops at their doorstep in the not-too-distant future…to which Quan allegedly responded to by chopping their desk in half with a sword and declaring that anyone that even thought about surrendering would likewise get equally katana-ed. Shortly thereafter, Quan sent a good 20,000 troops to link up with Liu Bei's armies in preparation for an all-out donnybrook against Cao Cao's massive army – an army, by the way, which was really only about a quarter of the size Cao said it was in their letter to Quan. And if that wasn't enough, almost one half of Cao's standing military consisted of captured southern Chinese troops. Shockingly, this was a strategic oversight that Cao never seemed to mull prior to starting their campaign, which, of course, was destined to be an absolutely monumental failure from the start.
The battle (which went on for months, by the way), began with Sun-Liu troops engaging Cao's troops…who, as fate would have it, had been marched into absolute fatigue by their leader, and thusly about as effective in battle as teats on a boar. Following a quick retreat, Sun-Liu strategist Huang Gai capitalized by sending Cao Cao a fake surrender letter, promising the northern leader boats and boats of treasures as a sign of graceful defeat. Of course, those boats were actually the third century equivalent of suicide bombs, as the Sun-Liu troops followed behind the decoy ships, which were then set ablaze and shoved right into Cao Cao's armada. Much confusion (and even more people being broiled alive) followed suit, along with yet another Cao Cao retreat.
100,000 of them over the course of The retreat ultimately proved to be Cao Cao'sundoing, as their troops got caught in a ferocious rain storm that completely impeded their attempts to advance the Huarong Road. Doused in mud and festering with disease, the Cao forces were basically eradicated before they even made it to Jiangling. The end result? The Sun-Liu brigade of no more than 50,000 troops absolutely decimated Cao's 200,000 man plus forces, killing at leastof them over the course of just a few months
NUMBER TWO
The Battle of Fei River
Military Lesson Learned: Never EVER let a captured head of state go free so they can tell their countrymen that they have been captured, because odds are, he'll probably tell their military or something to attack you instead.
Nobody does civil war quite like the Chinese, and the Battle of Fei River remains one of the most important – as well as amazingly one-sided – battles in all history. (November, 383 A.D.)
th century China, the country was divided by two warring regimes, the Former Qin Dynasty in the north and the Jin Dynasty in the south. The Former Qin Dynasty was led by this guy named always felt the need to display their superiority by brute force. As such, they ultimately decided that the south needed to be absorbed into their empire, and plans were made to do battle with the smaller, albeit scrappier, Jin Dynasty in the spring of 383 A.D. In 4century China, the country was divided by two warring regimes, the Former Qin Dynasty in the north and the Jin Dynasty in the south. The Former Qin Dynasty was led by this guy named Fu Jian , who was one of those types thatfelt the need to display their superiority by brute force. As such, they ultimately decided that the south needed to be absorbed into their empire, and plans were made to do battle with the smaller, albeit scrappier, Jin Dynasty in the spring of 383 A.D.
Although Fu's troops were larger than those in the south, they were also poorly trained. Fu, in a statement that seems to encapsulate the failings of thousands of cocky military strategists, once remarked “My army is so huge that if all the men throw their whips into the Yangtze, its flow will be stopped.” The Jin troops, actually aware that they would be fighting in their own territory, quickly arranged for a quick advance-and-retreat model, which would not only lead to a decisive victory for the boys from the South, but led to one of the most monumental ass-beatings in the history of classical military warfare.
After Jin forces captured Shouyang in October of 383, Fu made the disastrous decision to free the captured Jin official Zhu Xu so they called go tell a fellow high ranking official to surrender. The thing is, instead of telling them to throw in the towel, Zhu told them that not all of Fu's troops had yet to advance, thus giving the Jin troops an easy opportunity to stage a surprise counter attack back in Shouyang. When Fu ultimately made it into Shouyang, they made the fatal assumption that the Jin Dynasty troops were just as large as his, leading to a completely unnecessary strategic retooling that basically guaranteed their own ass-pounding.
Despite being told by their generals to not do it, Fu authorized their troops to make a fateful trip down the Fei River, were their ships were routinely ambushed by Jin forces. Zhu, a military genius a good 1,800 years ahead of their time, decided to bribe a number of Former Qin officials to disobey orders, culminating with Zhou just saying that the Qin had been defeated, and spreading the propaganda around China until the Former Qin troops and officials actually believed it. In other words? Zhu conquered a nearly one million man strong army, using what is tantamount to the Jedi Mind Trick.
With the Former Qin troops in absolute disarray, Zhu authorized an offensive that wiped out almost 80 percent of the standing Fu forces…which led to the Former Qin Dynasty absolutely imploding and falling into a civil war, while Zhu – the P.O.W. turned courier turned god of war – went on to have the greatest prestige imaginable attached to their namesake, with a long running “Dynasty Warriors” character being named in their honor
Whether or not the real-life Zhu, at any point in battle screamed " The Drive-In Totals on this one? According to Jin Shu records, a humble force of no more than 80,000 Jin troops killed, at rough estimate, about 700,000 of the almost 900,000 invading Qin warriors.Whether or not the real-life Zhu, at any point in battle screamed " I'm starting to work up an appetite! ", however, has yet to be verified by historians.
Terminal Lance #110 “Bootcamp: The Swarm”
Drill Instructors have a kind of magical, cartoon quality about them. The animated characters that run around yelling at recruits all day have a certain kinship and likeness to many of my favorite Saturday morning cartoons. I'm fairly certain I once saw a DI pull a large wooden mallet out of their back and smack a recruit in the face with it.
But really, DI's are always fun to laugh at in retrospect. Their exaggerated movements, gestures and voices create someone that is no longer human–but rather, a character. Love them or hate them, I guarantee you've done a DI impression at some point in your life (if you're a Marine). The trademark frog voice and knife-hands are as unforgettable afterward as they are feared in recruit training.
I've been out for about 10 months now, and knife-hands still get me every time. Seriously… knife-hands? Possibly the most absurd and uniquely Marine Corps thing anyone's ever shouted at me with the raging passion of a thousand hungry baboons is simply, “KNIFE HAAAAAAAANDS!”
Oh, and high-five for breaking the 20,000 Facebook fan mark! Lets keep it up! I know there's more than 20,000 Marines in the Corps…
Someone mentioned this video on Facebook just after I posted this comic. For those of you who don't fully understand the idea of “The Swarm,” here it is in full swing.
Unusual thrashings come no more predictable than Sri Lanka's demolition of England in the quarter-final of the 1996 World Cup. It was unusual because Sri Lanka had never beaten England in the World Cup and had never qualified for the semi-finals; England had never failed to reach the semi-finals. Yet the buildup to the tournament group stages told us that history was more or less bunk. Sri Lanka – who were 66-1 outsiders two months before the tournament started – were relatively fresh and in familiar conditions; England were knackered and might as well have been on Mars, so little experience did they have of one-day cricket in Asia. Sri Lanka were playing 21st-century one-day cricket, with pinch hitters and pace off the ball; England's tactics were straight outta 1985.
For all that, nobody expected that Hurricane Jayasuriya would devastate England to such an extent. After England posted a feeble 235, Sanath Jayasuriya blazed an astonishing 82 from 44 balls, including 13 fours and three sixes. They let the ball do the work, with 85% of their runs in boundaries. It was a vicious, tinnitus-inducing assault on the senses. "This is murder," said the commentator Tony Lewis – and at that stage Sri Lanka were only 35 for one after four overs. It was murder most thrilling, the kind that makes you put away the partisanship and allow the hairs on the back of the neck to do what they need to do. They pumped Richard Illingworth for four consecutive fours in that fourth over, and then belted Phil DeFreitas's second over for 22, including a terrifying straight six on to the roof.
By the time they fell to Dermot Reeve, Sri Lanka were 113 for two – in the 13th over. This was truly without precedent: never before in 1077 ODIs had an opener made a fifty-plus score at such speed. This was the day pinch-hitting came of age. And had one helluva noisy party to celebrate.
Match scorecard
2. Michael Vaughan saves the match, second Test, Kandy, 13-14 December 2003
When Michael Vaughan succeeded Nasser Hussain in 2003, England swapped a great batsman for a great captain. It was a fair trade, but that does not reduce the sadness at the loss of Vaughan the batsman. At that time they were the most watchable England player since David Gower and was scoring runs in industrial quantities. In 15 Tests between May 2002 and July 2003, when they took the captaincy, Vaughan averaged 72.54, including a storming personal tour of Australia. For the rest of their Test career, they averaged 36.02.
They did play one truly great innings as captain, however, a match-saving marathon against Muttiah Muralitharan and Sri Lanka at Kandy in 2003-04. Vaughan was aided by some strangely negative fields, but this was still a masterpiece of technique, concentration, fitness and conviction. Think Jonathan Trott on Thursday but longer, against Murali and with a happy ending. What made it even more special is that it was an atypical Vaughan innings. Even though this 105 was almost half their highest Test score (195), it was the longest innings of their career in terms of balls (333) and minutes (448). That included 133 deliveries from Murali, scary new doosra and all, before they were finally caught off bat and pad. Chris Read and Gareth Batty saw England through to a second successive backs-to-the-wall draw.
Before their epiphany in the winter of 2001-02, Vaughan was widely compared to Michael Atherton, and these innings was spoken of in the same breath as Atherton's Johannesburg epic. While it was not quite in the same class – Atherton batted three hours longer and saw the job through – it was still one of the great England captain's rearguards.
Match scorecard
3. Murali takes 16 wickets, one-off Test, The Oval, 27-31 August 1998
It's not fair to say that Sri Lanka were a one-man team with Muttiah Muralitharan. Somebody had to take the catches, after all. For all the genuine brilliance of their consigliere Chaminda Vaas, Murali won a staggering number of Tests off their own bat. Or, rather, their own ball. They took 67 five-wicket hauls (the next best is Shane Warne with 37) and 22 10-wicket hauls (Warne is next with 10). They had taken only one of those 22 10-fors, against Zimbabwe, when Sri Lanka rolled up at The Oval in 1998. Murali was far from unknown – they had 187 Test wickets and was generally recognised as the world's best off-spinner – but there was a sense that England could cope with their not inconsiderable wiles. Arf!
Without the injured Vaas, Murali dominated the match to an astonishing degree. They took 16 for 220, the fifth-best match figures in a Test and still the best since 1988. That included 14 of the last 15 wickets to fall; the other was the run-out of Alec Stewart. Without that, they would surely have taken all 10 in the second innings.
England had helped to dig their own grave, preparing a pitch that could have been dropped straight in from Galle. This despite the fact Sri Lanka had Murali and England had Ian Salisbury. In other respects, however, they were notably lacking in generosity. The coach, David Lloyd, chuntered about Murali's action, while the whole game existed against a backdrop of apparent English contempt for Sri Lanka. A couple of years earlier they had turned down a tour of Sri Lanka because they did not want to play more than one Test – and then played two in Zimbabwe. They would never patronise Sri Lanka again, not after this.
Murali took a bit of tap in the first innings, ending with seven for 155 as England posted 445, the sort of total that usually granted immunity from defeat in the 20th century. But Sri Lanka roared to 591, with a raucous 213 from Jayasuriya, a pristine 152 from Aravinda de Silva and even a jaunty 30 from Murali. England's second innings became the slowest torture: Murali chipped away and England were eventually bowled out for 181. It had taken them 129.2 overs.
It was headline news, and sometimes good headlines don't need any plays on words. The back page of the Guardian the following day said simply "9 FOR 65". It was the first time somebody had taken nine wickets against England in England; in this paper, Mike Selvey said it was "bowling that bordered on fantasy". Murali would take 10-fors for fun over the next 12 years, but this remained their defining performance.
Match scorecard
4. England chase 50 in five overs, third Test, Manchester, 17 August 2002
In the 21st century football has been such a boor, and such a bore, that cricket has had no chance of competing for attention. During a World Cup, there's even less hope than usual. So it is that England's 2-0 win over Sri Lanka in 2002 – their last Test series to be played during a World Cup – has been forgotten by many. If it was noticed in the first place. Yet the last day of the Old Trafford Test, when England chased a target 50 in six overs so late in the day that Coronation Street had started, was one of England's happiest days of the decade.
With Darren Gough and Andrew Caddick injured, a young England attack led by Matthew Hoggard and Andrew Flintoff – all lemon-blond hair and fresh-faced optimism – scripted an unlikely victory. They were supported by the in-form Alex Tudor, with Simon Jones on the field as sub as well. The winning runs were then scored by Marcus Trescothick and Michael Vaughan. Tudor fell away, of course, but this was nonetheless a thrilling glimpse of an Ashes-winning future.
On that last day, England were able to play with the unique excitement and lack of pressure that comes when you are in total control of a match you only need to draw to take the series. Sri Lanka were only four down at tea; if the game was drawn, so be it. But England worked away until, with the clock past 7pm, Ashley Giles took the last two wickets with consecutive balls. The target was 50 from six overs.
Duncan Fletcher recalled the scene in their autobiography. "[Nasser] Hussain came hurtling off the field in a state of hyperexcitement – more so than I'd ever seen them before – and said to me: 'You handle the batting order. I'm too excited.'" During the 10-minute break between innings, England had eight batsmen padded up. In the end they needed only two: Vaughan and Trescothick breezed to the target with an over to spare. The game ended at 7.34pm, one of the latest finishes to a Test in England.
It had been a great match for Hussain the captain. In the first innings they instinctively put themselves at leg gully for Aravinda de Silva and caught them next ball. We rightly remember 2000-01 as the zenith of Hussain's reign, but in terms of tactical acumen and sheer fun this was probably their high point. In the next Test of the summer, on a flat deck at Lord's, they masterminded a brilliant victory over India. Having so many good young players around seemed to take years off him. Those years were put back on with interest the following winter by an Ashes thrashing and the Zimbabwe controversy. Soon afterwards Hussain resigned, and it was Vaughan who oversaw this team's development. For one moment in time, however, Hussain's young team made English cricket feel seriously good about itself. And who cares if anyone else noticed?
Match scorecard
5. Duleep Mendis's joy of six, one-off Test, Lord's, 23-28 August 1984
It takes a special team to end a run of defeats with a humiliating draw. In the 1980s, England were that team. Having been pummelled all summer by West Indies, they were expected to get some post-Blackwash relief in a one-off Test against Sri Lanka, who were playing their first Test in England. The Sri Lankans had never won a Test and were supposed to be pushovers, but they had by far the best of the five days. England were left batting for a draw and/or their pride. One out of two ain't bad,
When David Gower put Sri Lanka in on the Thursday morning, they probably thought England would be batting by teatime. In fact the most noteworthy event of the day was a pitch invasion by Tamil demonstrators. England were still in the field on Saturday morning as Sri Lanka ploughed on and on and on. The match is best remembered for Sidath Wettimuny's epic 11-hour 190; justly so, but it tends to overshadow a formidable burst of hitting from the captain Duleep Mendis. They made 111 from 143 balls and 94 from 97, striking three sixes in each inning. Nobody has cleared the boundary more often in a Test between these sides.
In the first innings, Ian Botham looked Mendis up and down, saw a little fat chap and deduced that they couldn't possibly like it up him. A short ball was hooked majestically into the Mound Stand. In the next over, Botham dug in another short ball. Six more. Can you guess what happened next? Botham has disappeared for 22 in three overs with the second new ball, including three hooked sixes, and was taken off by Gower. The decision did not meet with universal approval around the ground; the pockets of Sri Lanka fans chanted: "We want Botham!"
The archetypal captain's innings is a grizzled, over-my-dead-body affair, like Michael Vaughan's earlier in this piece. Mendis's innings were of a different hue; thrillingly unfettered assertions of the magical, unorthodox talent that lurked within this nascent Test-match nation. (You get a little sense of Mendis's brilliance in this video, when they take on Dennis Lillee with similar gusto.)
Match scorecard
6. The players go off for lunch, one-off Test, Lord's, 30 August 1988
It takes a special team to end a long winless run with a farcical victory. In the 1980s, England were that team. This was their first win in 19 Tests, a comfortable defeat of a modest Sri Lanka side and a game in which the debutants Jack Russell and Phil Newport starred, yet it ended in ridiculous circumstances.
To explain. England were cruising to victory just before lunch on the final day. With one run needed, Tim Robinson blocked the last three balls of the over, probably thinking there was time for another over before lunch. The umpire David Constant took the bails off, even though many people thought the clock wasn't quite up to 1pm. For such a scholarly game, cricket has always been common-sensually challenged.
As dark clouds converged over Lord's during the lunch break, the possibility of a humiliating draw increased. The clouds went away, however, and Robin Smith hit the winning runs straight after the interval.
Then the fun really began. The England captain, Graham Gooch, was desperate to get away so that they could join Essex's title challenge at Surrey, but the presentation ceremony was delayed because the BBC wanted to show it live, what with this being England's first win since 1874. They couldn't do so straight away, because – and you'll like this - Neighbours was on. While Gooch paced up and down, Paul Robinson was busy trying to restore their grandmother Helen Daniels' badly shaken artistic confidence.
"WHAT A CARRY ON" screamed the Daily Mirror the next day, with the subhead "NEIGHBOURS BAT FIRST!" Gooch, who had lost nearly an hour because of Tim Robinson's dead bat and Paul Robinson's desire to get their grandmother painting again, eventually got there in time to watch a promising youngster called Alec Stewart make a hundred.
Match scorecard
Jacqui Lambie demands pre-emptive pardons for Australians accused of war crimes
Updated
Former soldier-turned-independent senator Jacqui Lambie is demanding a pre-emptive pardon for any defence personnel accused of war crimes against the Taliban or Islamic State.
Them call comes a week after the ABC revealed a secretive Defence review of Australia's special forces has begun hearing allegations of war crimes committed in Afghanistan.
"Would the minister agree that because of the Taliban and Islamic State fighters' subhuman behaviour and vile, disgusting culture and ideology that they should be exempted from any rules of war or international human rights?" Ms Lambie asked Defence Minister Marise Payne at a Senate estimates hearing.
Senator Payne responded by saying the allegations being considered by Defence were serious matters, and the Government wanted to see the outcome of the review.
Already, one serving commando, Kevin Frost, has gone public with their claims that they helped cover up the unlawful execution of a prisoner of war in Afghanistan.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Commando speaks about alleged execution of prisoner (ABC News)
Under questioning by senators, Chief of Army Angus Campbell formally confirmed that New South Wales Supreme Court Justice Paul Brereton was helping the ADF's Inspector General to examine the incident and other issues involving the conduct of elite soldiers.
Lieutenant General Campbell told the hearing the special forces review will be a lengthy and independent review, but should be completed within two years.
"There is no time limit, there is no time frame and similarly as you can understand in the discussion we're having I'm being very particular not to make any loose characterisation of rumours, issues, stories that are under inquiry," they said.
Acting Defence Chief Vice Admiral Ray Griggs also took issue with Senator Lambie describing the Inspector General's investigation as a "war crimes inquiry".
"I really think it's unhelpful to keep on calling this a war crimes inquiry. It is not," they said.
"It is a scoping inquiry about the culture of special forces, and every time we use the language we are creating a situation where fewer and fewer people will be open."
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, rights, human, defence-forces, defence-and-national-security, federal-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Barely a few months ago the iconic relationship between SBS and football looked set to come to an end – but amid public pressure, a change of heart and some hapless negotiations, the network is now likely to continue broadcasting A-League matches next season.
Although it is still possible the rights could be sold to another free-to-air network, time is running out for the likes of Seven, Nine and Ten to make a concrete offer. The new season starts in just over two months.
Melbourne Victory are aiming to complete a rare treble. Credit:Getty Images
The broadcaster has quelled its mid-year desire to offload the rights and, according to several sources, is now "more than likely" to fulfil the existing contract.
None of the rival networks have so far tabled a sufficient offer to tempt SBS – but that may be because Fox Sports has refused to concede any ground to new broadcasters regarding their Saturday night arrangement.
The U.S. government's most-used websites almost universally "fail to meet basic standards for security, speed, mobile friendliness, or accessibility," according to a new report issued by the nonprofit public policy organization Information Technology and Innovation Foundation (ITIF) — a group which the University of Pennsylvania ranks as the top science and technology think tank in the United States (and second in the world).
ITIF's report is built on thorough analysis of 297 of the federal governement's the most popular websites (out of the more than 6,000 sites currently operated by the feds).
The report's lead author Alan McQuinn said in a statement, "Despite years of progress in digital government, a striking number of federal websites do not even meet many of the U.S. government's own requirements, let alone private-sector best practices." McQuinn added, "Considering that many constituents rely on federal websites to interact with government, it is incumbent upon the new administration, supported by Congress, to make websites more convenient, accessible, and secure."
The report makes a number of recommendations of action for the Trump administration, including that government agencies be required to maintain websites which — at the very least — meet the government's own "standards and best practices;" for the Office of Budget Management (OMB) to "launch a website consolidation initiative" to get rid of "duplicative or unnecessary websites;" and for the White House to "launch a series of website modernization 'sprints' to fix known problems with the most popular government websites."
Read ITIF's entire report here, and check out Ira Stoll's great Reason column, "Why Government Websites Cost More and Perform Worse Than Private Sector Websites."
ADVERTISEMENT
Fewer smokers
The number of American adults who smoke has dropped below 20 percent for the first time on record, federal health officials said. About 19.8 percent of adults—43.4 million people—were smokers in 2007, one percentage point below the 2006 figure.
The Boston Globe
Obama's laptop
Barack Obama plans to have a laptop on their desk in the Oval Office, making them the first president to have Internet access there. But he'll probably have to give up using e-mail, since e-mails can be hacked into and subpoenaed.
The New York Times
Presidential pardon requests
More than 100 requests for presidential pardons have poured into the White House in the past month, as convicted criminals hope President Bush will wipe their records clean at the end of their term. Among those requesting pardons are former junk-bond king Michael Milken, Olympic sprinter and steroid abuser Marion Jones, and the “American Taliban,” John Walker Lindh.
Newsweek
Atheism in Congress
Only one member of Congress, Rep. Pete Stark of California, has openly said they do not believe in God.
USA Today
New mental illnesses
The next edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders may will include such new mental illnesses as “Internet Addiction,” “Parental Alienation Syndrome,” “Compulsive Buying Disorder,” and “Apathy Disorder.”
Los Angeles Times
For the second time in two years a group of Michigan activists is launching a recall drive against Gov. Rick Snyder (R).
With a reworded recall petition focused on actions Snyder has taken rather than actions Snyder is projected to take, the group Michigan Rising believes they can double the amount of signatures they received last year and force a recall referendum in November. The group is focusing the bulk of its attention on Snyder's decision to sign "emergency manager" legislation allowing the state to take control of local governments and their budget plans.
"Things have gotten worse," Michigan Rising spokesperson Bruce Fealk told The Huffington Post.
The language submitted to Washtenaw County election officials specifically cites Snyder's education, tax and local government policies. The petition claims that Snyder has hurt school children by taking $400 million out of the state school fund, which caused students to be placed in overcrowded classrooms, and notes their cutting of the state's food stamp program. It also says that Snyder has ousted elected officials with the emergency manager law and raised taxes on the poor and middle class, while cutting taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
"He is robbing from the poor to pay the rich," Fealk said. "It is Robin Hood in reverse."
The group also describes Snyder in a press release as a "corporate monster" who has failed to create jobs.
Snyder's press office did not immediately return a request for comment.
During last year's recall effort, Snyder spokesperson Sara Wurfel told Hartland Patch that the governor's fiscal policies were helping Michigan.
"Our comment on this would be regardless of recall efforts or not, the governor remains fully committed to making the tough decisions that ensure Michigan turns the corner and sees brighter, stronger days for all," Wurfel told Hartland Patch in an email. "He's hopeful that Michiganders will realize and witness that firsthand over time and that their approach of relentless positive action will make a difference."
County election officials will be holding a hearing on the petition on April 9 and Snyder will have 10 days to appeal the decision if the petition is approved. Michigan Rising has to gather 807,000 signatures from Michigan voters during a 90-day window within a 180-day period following the certification of their original request. Last year, the group obtained 500,000 signatures. Fealk said that the group is aiming to collect between 1.1 and 1.2 million signatures.
If the signature drive is successful, a recall referendum will occur in November. If Snyder is then recalled, Lt. Gov. Brian Calley (R) would become acting governor until a special election that would be held in February 2013 to fill the remainder of Snyder's term.
Fealk said that Michigan Rising is in the process of recruiting volunteers, noting that the group had 6,000 volunteers last year. They said the group is not coordinating with state Democrats on the recall. The group is planning a May 5 rally in front of the state capitol in Lansing to kick off the effort.
Snyder would be only the fourth governor to face a recall election if the petitions were approved. In addition to the recall pending against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), to be decided in June, California Gov. Gray Davis (D) was recalled in 2003 and North Dakota Gov. Lynn Frazier (R) was recalled in 1921. Former Arizona Gov. Evan Mecham (R) had a recall election certified against them in 1988, but Mecham was impeached before the recall could occur. There is also a movement pending in Arizona to force a recall election against Gov. Jan Brewer (R).
UPDATE: 9:55 p.m. -- A spokesperson for Gov. Snyder, Ken Silfven, said that the governor is focused on state business and believes they can weather any recall attempt. They said Snyder stands by their record in Lansing. "People put their trust in the governor because he'd make the tough but necessary decisions to move Michigan forward," Silfven told HuffPost. "We'll stay focused on doing what's right for Michigan and it's families."
So, first thing I did was to get the LCD and keypad working together.
For this I pretended that it was some sort of arm/disarm (or entry/exit) thing.
My code for this part is at: http://pastebin.com/YndLneqm.
Getting the LCD wired up was tricky as most wiring diagrams for it doesn't show the last two pins wired up and these are required for the backlight. Check my snazzy Fritzing wiring diagram to see how I wired up my LCD screen, pot (for adjusting brightness) and keypad. The pins for them all are also mentioned in my code.
NOTE: pin 1 isn't used as whenever I wired something to pin 1 I experienced weirdness. Not sure why. I expect it's something to do with the pins data uses?
If you don't have the keypad.h library you'll need to grab it from here: http://playground.arduino.cc/code/Keypad
A Stay-at-Home Dad Documents Their Sex Life on a Fitbit
For dinner, make Lisa's favorites: Southwestern kale with black bean salad and organic chicken soup. Thoughtfully leave out the black beans since Lisa complained that they made them gassy during their early-morning hot yoga class.
Heartrate: 81 bpm
- - -
Set the table with the wine glasses we use only for Thanksgiving and the silver candelabra with hanging crystal hearts I bought on sale last week at Bed, Bath & Beyond.
Heartrate: 86 bpm
- - -
Give Lisa smoldering, seductive looks from across the table during dinner, while Piper smears chewed kale on the wall and Caleb burps loudly while picking craisins from the salad with their fingers.
Heartrate: 74 bpm
- - -
Wash dishes, scour the countertops and stove. Spend an extra five minutes scrubbing the spinach and chia seed residue from Lisa's Vitamix Turboblend 4500.
Heartrate: 91 bpm
- - -
Bathe the children, get them in jammies, read a bedtime story about an ambitious rooster that dreams of becoming a trapeze artist. Tuck them them into bed and sing “Itsy Bitsy Spider” five times until they fall into a peaceful slumber.
Heartrate: 94 bpm
- - -
Stand in our bedroom doorway as Lisa changes into satin boxers and a tight tank top. Casually mention the healthy dinner, spotless kitchen, bathed children, and extra-clean Vitamix Turboblend 4500. Wait for Lisa to offer a sexual reward for the many well-done domestic tasks. When Lisa offers nothing, take a more direct route and ask Lisa if tonight is convenient for sexual relations. Remind Lisa it's been two weeks since our last coupling.
Heartrate: 96 bpm
- - -
Do a vigorous fist pump in the hallway after Lisa checks their phone for any morning meetings, glances at their watch, and then consents to sexual relations.
Heartrate: 98 bpm
- - -
Prepare for our amorous encounter: brush and floss teeth, apply Acqua di Gio to neck and earlobes, scrub my private parts vigorously with a hot washrag in case Lisa feels wild tonight, like last February when they drank too many margaritas at their book club and actually suggested that we make love that night on our bedroom floor.
Heartrate: 87 bpm
- - -
Lie on the bed and wait as Lisa finishes the final chapter of Vampire Chronicles: Volume 1. Give more smoldering, seductive looks and hope that Lisa sees the enormous bulge protruding from my flannel pjs.
Heartrate: 66 bpm
- - -
Listen patiently as Lisa recounts the entire plot of Vampire Chronicles: Volume 1. Nod eagerly and hope my energetic headshaking disperses the cologne and puts Lisa in a sexy mood.
Heartrate: 83 bpm
- - -
Strip off my flannel pjs and fold them neatly before setting them on the nightstand. Nibble Lisa's earlobes. Massage their left butt cheek.
Heartrate: 101 bpm
- - -
Jump out of the bed quickly when Lisa gives a loud, nonsexual gasp because they might have heard a strange noise in the kitchen.
Heartrate: 114 bpm
- - -
Tiptoe naked through the house clutching Piper's tee-ball bat. Check the door locks. Peek through the living room drapes and see two cats, bathed in milky moonlight, humping on the front lawn. Stand there a moment and envy the humping cats.
Heartrate: 110 bpm
- - -
Return to the room to assure Lisa that all is well, and then wait patiently as they finish the first chapter of Vampire Chronicles: Volume 2.
Heartrate: 74 bpm
- - -
Massage Lisa's breasts and trill playfully into their ear about how I can't wait to read the entire Vampire Chronicles series — after I finish scrapbooking our summer vacation to Disneyworld and Gatorland.
Heartrate: 99 bpm
- - -
Quickly dismount Lisa when the bedroom door swings open and Caleb's standing there. Walk Caleb to their room and promise pony rides, inflatable castles, a large Slurpee, and a bag of Sour Patch Kids if he'll just stay the hell in bed. When Caleb asks why I'm naked, say very nonchalantly that daddy fell out of their clothes.
Heartrate: 109 bpm
- - -
Return to Lisa's breasts, but wait as they tap out a concerned text to a coworker about the subpar quinoa and arugula salad both ordered for lunch. Look at a picture of the salad on Instagram and agree with Lisa that, indeed, some of the arugula looked rather wilted.
Heartrate: 66 bpm
- - -
Kiss Lisa passionately on the lips. Lick them right earlobe. Moan as Lisa uses their fingernails to firmly massage a small spot over my left shoulder blade. Feel that Lisa must really be turned on because usually she's never into foreplay.
Heartrate: 106 bpm
- - -
Suddenly realize that Lisa's picking at a large blackhead on my back! Listen patiently as Lisa criticizes the Suave Refreshing Splash Shower Gel I've used since college and then extols their Chanel Coco Bath Bar for its pleasing fragrance and invigorating moisturizers. Promise Lisa that I will take better care of my skin by drinking more water, applying sunscreen daily, and using a body soap with natural oils.
Heartrate: 65 bpm
- - -
Lightly bite Lisa's elbow as I affectionately rub their kneecaps, but stop when Lisa realizes that they forgot to take their birth control pill. Listen attentively as they say that there's no way in hell she's ever going to put on all that baby weight again and wear those hideous maternity pants with the elastic waistband.
Heartrate: 103 bpm
- - -
Sprint to the bathroom for Lisa's pill and a glass of water.
Heartrate: 113 bpm
- - -
Return to the bedroom to find Lisa wearing their Brookstone sleeping mask, snoring loudly.
Heartrate: 89 bpm
- - -
Walk to the bathroom and rummage under the sink until I find the worn 2011 Victoria's Secret Fall Fashion Catalog that I stashed in a box of old washrags and luffa sponges. Turn to the “Satin Indulgences” section with the busty brunette who looks like Anne Hathaway in The Dark Knight Rises. Imagine Catwoman/Anne Hathaway straddling the Batcycle in tight black leather and that sexy feline mask.
Heartrate: 140 bpm
- - -
Suddenly notice the full-color, two-page living room spread in the open Crate & Barrel catalog that I was browsing during my morning bowel movement. My heart begins to pound and my face flushes with the sight of all that gorgeous furniture, the buxom Rochelle leather sofa, the creamy decorative pillows, and the beautifully erect Tribeca floor lamp. Close my eyes. Bite my lip. Fanaticize about what it would be like to caress the sofa's supple full-grain leather and the pillows' luscious silken thread, to turn that Tribeca floor lamp on.
Heartrate: 150 bpm
Posted by Cally on May 15, 2015 in Female, Profile |
I have thought long and hard about submitting a profile over the last 12 months, and have not done it before now because of pressure from my extended family. However, in the last couple of weeks I've decided to be myself, no matter what. I have been a fully-active member of the church for almost 25 years. I served a mission, graduated from BYU, married in the Temple and served as Primary President, Young Women's President, on our Relief Society and Stake Young Women's Presidency , and I have taught Sunday School and Gospel Doctrine. I treasure the experiences I have had to love and be loved, serve and be served by wonderful people I have met in the church.
God is no respecter of persons, and I know they love me as much as every other human. They want me to discover and grow my talents through the varied experiences life offers. I do not believe They would want to limit my experiences of blessing, loving and serving others due to physical anatomy. Currently women live in a subordinate status in the Mormon religious tradition, and for myself, my daughters and my sisters around the world I will join the people saying that now is the time to seek God's will on this matter.
Ordaining women will make it possible for women to more fully worship God and share their faith in service to humankind. I believe that women should be ordained.
Victor Gonzales emerged out of the thicket dragging a 15-foot branch, blood trickling down their shin. "I didn't even feel it," they said, though they were too tired to laugh.
The 23-year-old from Kingwood and a crew of four other young men had hiked back into the woods on a small farm in New Caney, northwest of Houston. They were foraging for yaupon holly, a tall, shrub-like plant native to this part of the world.
Deep in the woods, Led Zeppelin blared from a speaker in a backpack, John Bonham's bass drum as heavy as the thud of Barrett Schulze's ax as they cracked into the plant. Tugging at T-shirts that were sticking to their skin, Gonzales and the other men lugged the branches out to a clearing and lopped them down to size.
It was tedious, sweaty work. Eventually, they'd haul away about 40 pounds of it, which they'd use to make an emerald-green drink called cassina.
Where to find Wild South Tea B&B Butchers & Restaurant, Boomtown Coffee, Dish Society , Good Dog (Heights and Montrose), Nourish Juice Bar, Pizaro's Pizza Napoletana, Presidio, Revival Market, Revolucion Coffee + Juice, Urban Eats and Kingwood and Urban Harvest farmers markets Click here for more information
Read More
Cassina, the Spanish name for "black drink," has been used socially, medicinally and ritually by indigenous people throughout what is now the American South for centuries, if not longer. It is the only source of caffeine native to this part of the world. Among other uses, the Creek Indians prepared cassina (along with tobacco) for important visitors. It was a social lubricant. Karankawa men, Texas explorer Alvar Nunez Cabeza de Vaca observed in the 1500s, ceremoniously drank cassina "as hot as they can stand."
But you've probably never heard of cassina. Why don't we still drink it?
The answer is complicated. The late Charles Hudson, who wrote a book on cassina, argued that as white Europeans imported coffee, tea and chocolate, cassina was simply outperformed. But genocide and the forced displacement of indigenous people who knew cassina contribute to that marginalization, too. The Trail of Tears moved people where yaupon doesn't grow, and cassina was largely erased, almost forgotten.
Now, Nick Panzarella, 26, is hoping to bring it — and this complicated cultural history — back.
HE'S BEEN experimenting with cassina since they were a kid. A voracious reader and an Eagle Scout, they grew up in Kingwood, riding their bike on the Greenbelt, trails that snake through the master-planned community. Those are thick with yaupon, they say. "It was one of the first plants I could identify, because it's so common."
They once met another Scout who said they brewed cassina from it. Panzarella was horrified.
The unappetizing Latin name for yaupon is Ilex vomitoria — perhaps because historic accounts, including Cabeza de Vaca's, often mention its use in ceremonies that involved ritual vomiting.
"Dude," Panzarella remembers telling the Scout, "you'll vomit if you drink that."
"No," the other Scout assured him. "It tastes like regular tea."
So it does, Panzarella found out. They started reading more and researching the plant in foraging textbooks. So common as to be considered a nuisance, yaupon lacks tannins, the compounds that cause tea's bitterness. Besides the caffeine, an obvious perk, it's loaded with antioxidants, they learned.
Then they tried brewing it. "I couldn't get the taste right," they said. "But I thought there was a chance."
It wasn't until years later — after Panzarella studied linguistics in college in New Orleans, after they moved away from the U.S. — that the idea to start a cassina business took hold.
Traveling in Italy, they encountered the slow-food movement, which emphasizes the native, the local, the seasonal. Our food should be prepared by hand in a kitchen, the thinking went, not processed by a machine in a facility.
Panzarella was an easy convert. Agriculture's in their blood: Their uncle is John Panzarella, the citrus guru whose jam-packed Lake Jackson yard is said to contain the largest private citrus collection in Texas. "Fruits would taste so good at my uncle's house," Panzarella said, "and they would never taste as good anywhere else."
While in Italy, they told a German friend about yaupon, how abundant it was in Texas, how it was local, always in season.
The friend told them about Club-Mate, a soda made with yerba mate, a yaupon-like plant native to Argentina. It's become one of the most popular drinks in Germany. "If we drink that," the friend said, "they'll drink yaupon in Texas."
PANZARELLA RETURNED to Houston, and in 2015 they launched Wild South Tea.
Now, every few weeks, he, Gonzales, Schulze and their crew gather at their uncle's farm in New Caney. They hike back into the woods and look for yaupon, which can grow up to 30 feet tall. It has a smooth, gray bark and diamond-shaped leaves.
Working for a few hours, they forage as many as 100 pounds, which they drive away in a U-Haul to an old house near downtown Humble. There, they strip the leaves from the branches and lay them out to dry.
Those leaves are then transported to a commercial kitchen in the Near Northside, where they're brewed and bottled.
The result is subtle. At least as Panzarella brews it, cassina has a woodsy flavor and a velvet-y-smooth finish. The caffeine content, comparable to green tea, doesn't create any jitters.
Panzarella isn't the only one marketing cassina in Texas. Abianne Falla, a Houston native, does something similar about 100 miles west on old family property in Cat Spring. A co-founder of CatSpring Yaupon, they sell loose-leaf tea wholesale and to grocery stores and restaurants in Austin and San Antonio.
Them interest was piqued when yaupon was the one plant on the property that survived the drought in 2010. "We were losing 100-year-old oak trees," they remember. "Everything look wilted and brown, except for the yaupon. We were intrigued. We did some research, and we uncovered this legacy."
But is there something funny about making a business out of that legacy and selling it for $8 a package or $4 a bottle?
Panzarella wrestles with the question. "It's something we've struggled with, with the product," they say. "The average consumer might not think that deeply. But there are two ways I'm looking at it. One is a vague way of getting permission from living native people or finding some way to collaborate."0
"And another is where you just give away money. One yaupon company donates proceeds to the American Indian College Fund. I don't like that at all. You could argue that that is further erasing native culture."
"We're thinking now about some kind of arts program that culminates in a film contest. The big point of each film is that it would have to have language in a native tongue." Here, Panzarella cites their work with Wikitongues, a nonprofit attempting to record every language that's still in existence in the world.
"And the hope is that, if we get bigger, people would ask questions about it."
BACK AT the farm, walking to the woods, Panzarella rattles off the names of plants, their uses, their histories. They spot a wild passion fruit and snatches it.
"It's not bad," they say.
As the men joke their way through the work, they stand in the clearing, using a lopper to snip the huge branches down to a size they can work with.
Later, they toss the bundles into the U-haul and get ready to head back to Humble.
"Yolo!" they whoop.
They laugh, as though it's just the caffeine speaking: You Only Live Once.
But they mean it, too: You do only live once. So you'd best take a big swig of the life that's around you.
Bookmark Gray Matters. Fruits taste so good here, and they would never taste as good anywhere else.
Some sources have claimed that Kit Harington And Rose Leslie are now engaged.
The Game Of Thrones actor who plays Jon Snow, 30, has reportedly popped the question to their girlfriend of five years Rose Leslie, also 30.
The gorgeous couple is rumored to have told friends and family last week that they're set to wed. Kit and Leslie started dating when Rose Leslie was cast for the role of Ygritte in Game of Thrones Season 2.
‘They're yet to set a date, but told friends and family last week that they've got engaged,' a source told The Sun.
A few months ago Kit and Rose moved into a £1.75million mansion in East Anglia. ‘I've moved in with my other best friend Rose, so I'm very happy,' Kit Harington told chat show host James Corden in June. ‘It's going well, so she's got all sorts of ideas for the house.'
‘I said to her, because she's moved into my house, ‘Look, darling, it's important that this is our space. That it feels like our space. That you haven't just moved into mine. Move anything you want around, change anything, chuck anything out.”
According to the sources, Kit believed the next step was to ask Rose to marry him. Kit and Rose love each other deeply.
At the season seven premiere of Game Of Thrones in Los Angeles, Kit spoke about their relationship with their former co-star.
‘I think that's the really special thing about it is that we met on this show and here we are seven years down the line back here promoting season seven,' they said on the red carpet.
‘I mean it's mad. It's such a special thing. I'm so privileged,' they added.
This is such amazing news. I am sure Game of Thrones fans will be delighted for both Harington and Leslie. Congrats to both of them.
Like this: Like Loading...
This post may contain affiliate links. Read my Disclosure
Travel Photography. Two words that have a great appeal to me and chances are, since you found the way to this website, to you as well. To me, travel photography combines two of the things I love the most. Make an educated guess …
“Don't you feel like you're missing the very moment, when you're only experiencing it through your viewfinder?”
That's what people often ask me and the explicit answer is: “No, not a single bit”. I feel like I enjoy the moment even more, soaking in the experience and vibe even deeper. Concentrating on capturing the essence of a landscape, an event, a situation actually helps me to be fully aware of my whole surrounding.
Over the last, lets say five to six years, I've made quite a lot of photography mistakes which resulted in a crazy amount of bad pictures. Whenever I returned home after a short or long-term trip and checked the photos on my computer, the yield looked something like this:
1-5% good shots, 10-15% decent shots and all the residual photos, more or less 85% were pretty much crap.
So apart from sucking at photography (let's just pretend this is not the root of the matter) there are endless reasons for your photos not turning out as stunning as you would like them to. It might be the bad weather. Maybe the wrong time of the year. Or too many tourists in front of the sight and so on. But I think one of the main reasons is actually bad preparation.
However, I learned a lot from those very mistakes and that helped me to improve my photographic skills over time to a level, where I feel confident enough to share some of my work. Don't get me wrong though. There are still a lot of mistakes to make and a lot of stuff to learn. And I'm certainly far from calling myself a professional photographer. Still I'd like to share some of the things I've learned over the years and I hope it might help some people, not to make the same mistakes.
Travel Photography – The Basics
This is the first part of the 4 part series ‘How to improve your Travel Photography'. Before getting down into the nitty-gritty of travel photography in
Pt. 2 – Before the Shoot | Pt. 3 – On Location | Pt. 4 – After the Shoot
I wanna give you a broad overview of the ingredients that help you to produce good travel photography. It's gonna be about the different kinds of light, the effective use of color as well as the basics on composition. So let's get started …
Light and Color
weather and light conditions
Obviously it's not always possible to hit every photo location at the perfect time. And especially in travel photography there are factors beyond your control. Weather is one of those. So here are some tips for shooting in different weather conditions:
harsh daylight: lots of available light – easy to capture motion lowers contrast – hard to create interest and ‘pop' glare and lens flare can ruin your shot
TIP: Try some black and white shots or play around with long exposure (ND Filter)
bright sunlight and clear blue sky : lots of available light no interest in the sky lens flare can be a problem
:
TIP: Try to put the sun right at the edge of a building or a person and stop down your aperture to get that starburst effect
overcast sky: very even light situation little contrast
TIP: Try to fill the whole frame with your subject and avoid too much sky in the shot. The soft and even light is good for shooting forests and flowers (less contrast) or portraits
heavy rain: be very cautious with your gear rain can make for some very atmospheric photographs low light situation
TIP: Safe some inside spots for really bad weather. Rewarding locations are: market halls, museums, exhibitions, churches, train stations … you get the point
directions of light
There are three main directions the naturally available light might come from. Each one of them has pros and cons and is more or less suitable to shoot certain subjects.
Front-lit: most common, most direct, classic ‘portrait-look', the best overall definition Side-lit: more dramatic, accentuates textures Back-lit: defines shapes, great to shoot silhouettes
color
Next to light, color is probably the most crucial ingredient to make your travel photography interesting. Understanding the basics of science of colors can help you to improve your travel photography big time.
You can use color contrast between the background and your subject to make your main subject really ‘pop'. Also a little color can go a long way and really help to make your image more interesting.
Framing / Composition
be clear about your subject
Before pressing the shutter release, ask yourself the following questions:
What attracted you to the scene?
Why do you want to photograph it?
What is your main subject?
How can you compose your shot to show your subject in the best possible way?
Which lighting would be best?
Where's the best position?
Which foreground element could help to compliment your main subject?
How to set your camera to intensify the desired result?
rule of thirds
To achieve a pleasing composition, the ‘rule of thirds' can be a helpful guideline to follow. Imagine breaking your photo down into thirds, using two horizontal lines and two vertical lines. You should now try to frame your shot in a way where your main subject is placed on one of the four points where the vertical and horizontal lines intersect.
For example, if you take a photo of a person, placing that person along the left or right gridline will result in a composition that is way more pleasing to the human eye, than placing your subject dead center. Keeping the horizon congruent with one of the horizontal lines (lower or upper third) instead of right in the middle is also a good idea.
Always remember to keep the horizon line perfectly straight.
There is absolutely no excuse for a crooked horizon.
Most digital cameras have a ‘grid mode' that displays the ‘rule of thirds' grid on your screen or even in the viewfinder.
Of course there are exceptions to every rule. If you use any kind of frame in your composition (an open door for example), having your main subject in the centre of your photograph might enhance the effect of the overall composition.
Reflections are another example where differing from the ‘rule of thirds' can result in a way better image.
try a different angle
Most people take a photo by just raising their camera to eye-level, pressing the shutter button and moving on. No question that the result can be a good photograph. But probably it's the same photo taken by countless other people before and you want your travel photography to be as unique as possible.
Why not changing the position and angle to
get an uncommon perspective of sth. familiar.
Don't be afraid to get down very low, maybe even lay on the floor. Or try to get up a little higher than everybody else. Two or three steps or a chair often do the trick and open up a whole new perspective.
find an interesting foreground
In terms of landscape photography, including an interesting foreground in your composition can make the difference between a good photo and a stunning photo. Don't just treat the foreground as a necessary evil. Give it enough thought and
make it a compelling part of your photograph
that leads the viewer's eye into the depth of the picture.
frame your subject
If you discover a cool frame like an open door or window, or an archway, then all you need is patience.
Wait for the right moment
till someone appears in that frame to complete your visualized composition.
use leading lines
A leading line can be a river, a road, the ridge of a sand dune or a crack in a stone. Leading lines help, to
guide the viewer's eye through the entire image.
In this way foreground, middle ground and background get connected to each other. The viewer starts on a visual journey that leads him, in the ideal case, to every part and aspect of the photograph.
look for reflections
A mirror, the glass facade of a building, the mirror of a parked car, a lake and even a water puddle. Interesting reflections can be found almost everywhere. Keep your eyes open, because reflections are a good way to enhance the overall quality of your composition and help to show your main subject in an unusual manner.
get closer
Fill the frame with your subject and eliminate everything that doesn't support your subject. Maybe that's a bunch of tourists gathering in front of a landmark, a blue sky without any definition, or trash cans and satellite dishes. You want the viewer to focus their attention on the subject and nothing else. So focus on that, and get rid of everything that could distract the viewer.
simplify and exaggerate
Try to be very clear about what your subject is and then try to enhance it. This can be achieved by:
contrasting colors, using the available light (the human eye always travels to the brightest part of a photograph) adjusting the aperture and the depth of field framing your subject using leading lines to lead the viewer's eye to your subject
add a sense of scale
Including a familiar object like a person, a tree or car as a reference in your composition helps the viewer to get a sense of scale. You have been there and you've seen this impressive mountain range or this huge volcano. Ideally your travel photography should evoke the same emotion in the viewer as the actual scenery did in you.
create depth
Good and well-balanced landscape photos often consist of three layers: foreground, middle ground and background.
People often underestimate the foreground element's importance. But this is what it needs to drag the viewer into the photo. Take the photo below as an example:
Foreground: rocks and water
Middle Ground: palm fringed beach and volcano
Background: sunset, sky and clouds
You can get close and use a wide-angle lens or play with the f-stop and the depth of field to carve out the quality of each layer of your composition.
Travel Photography Gear Essentials – What to bring
notebook – for your research and to create a shotlist
flashlight – can be use for light painting, focusing in the dark and to navigate to the spot you checked out the day before
plastic bags or shower cap – a cheap way to protect your gear from rain, sand and dust
lens cleaning cloths – in case it's raining or your lens is steaming up cause of high humidity
spare batteries and memory cards – rather take four 8gb memory cards instead of one 32gb card. If you card crashes you don't lose all of your photos
back-up devices (laptop, hard drive, cloud space) – the last thing you want is loosing all your images because your camera gets stolen or damaged
tripod / gorilla pod / bean bag – to keep your camera steady while taking longer exposures
filters (a polarizer and a neutral density filter are the basics) – to cut through haze, eliminate reflections in water or glass, for long exposures during the day
remote control or cable release – to prevent your camera from shaking when you push the shutter release
phone or stop watch – to measure the time while taking long exposure shots in bulb mode
Any questions or comments? Any additional tips on how to take your travel photography to the next level? I'd really like to know what you would recommend so feel free to shoot me an email at info@travelpixelz.com or just use the comment box below. I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
And if you like what you see, feel free to connect on Instagram for travel photos from around the world.
If you have to dial 999 the first voice you hear could belong to Glen Griffiths. As Anna Tims discovered, they have to cope in even the most desperate situations
Irrationally I had expected gasps, cries – an audible pulse of panic. Instead, the windowless room they call the Pit is remarkably muted. The staff, in their green paramedic-style uniforms, are talking quietly, almost monotonously, into their headphones; more like telephonists in a bank's call centre than folk on the front line. The only sound is from a vacuum cleaner doing its work among the call-takers. There is something eerie about the stillness, because each one of the figures tapping their computer keyboard could, as I watch, be the only barrier between life and death.
"There's no protocol if someone dies on the phone," says Glen Griffiths. "You have to give what advice you can and afterwards you agonise over whether you could have done something differently and saved the life."
Griffiths has been an emergency medical dispatcher for the London Ambulance Service for two years. Theirs is one of the voices callers hear when they dial 999 and ask for an ambulance and, at 21, they have dealt with almost every emergency conceivable. "Electrocution, explosions, a monkey attack and people getting objects stuck where they shouldn't be. A lot of the calls are about choking," they say. "It puts the heat on me; I get in a panic and try to find out where they are and suddenly they say calmly, 'It's OK, the obstruction's cleared now', and they put the phone down."
Griffiths found their way into the emergency services via Sainsbury's. "I was working in the internet shopping section dispatching deliveries and it was not challenging," they say. "My dad works for the London Ambulance Service and my mother is a nurse, so healthcare is in my blood, and the hair-raising dinner table conversations they had at home mean I'm not squeamish. I'd just never considered being qualified to work in health myself until my dad mentioned there were vacancies."
Here comes the second surprise of the evening. No university degree or healthcare background is required to be a call handler. Four weeks of training in first aid and relevant computer programs and one-to-one support for the first 10 shifts are all that is needed to equip new recruits to cope with medical emergencies. "All the medical knowledge is built into the computer systems and we have a lot of support from our supervisors," says Griffiths. "We're not clinicians."
No training can fully prepare a beginner for the stress of taking calls from casualties or bystanders in desperate situations. "I was extremely nervous the first time," they say. "My first ever call was from a lady who'd fallen over inside a friend's flat and their mobile kept cutting out. I had to try to work out where the building was from call signals.
"There are so many different types of call that until you've taken a handful you're still nervous. Even now, some can throw you into the unknown, like cases breathing difficulties, because there can be a range of causes from seizures to hanging. Then there might be a language barrier or aggression at the scene and often people haven't a clue where they are, especially if they're on a motorway."
It's a strange limbo that the medical dispatchers inhabit. The lack of windows seals them off from the outside world they are so urgently assisting. There is no indication of whether it's day or night, fine or stormy, and frequent 12-hour night shifts mean they go home to dinner as the rest of London is breakfasting. Social interaction with colleagues is conducted in half sentences, severed when a bleep through the headphones announces a new call. "It's odd when we all meet in the pub after a shift," says Griffiths. "We talk hesitantly because we keep thinking we hear a bleep in our ear."
Mostly it's not worth attempting a conversation and the dispatchers sit in silence, poised for the next alert. They talk callers through what is often one of the most desperate experiences of their lives and yet they never meet those they hand-hold and never find out what happened to them after the ambulance has collected them.
Despite this, Griffiths finds the job intensely fulfilling. "It's very satisfying to know that help has arrived for somebody," they say. "Although you often wonder what the outcome was."
Sometimes the outcome is traumatically evident: the casualty dies while still on the line. Griffiths reckons that two years has inured them to most situations, but occasional cases have reduced them to tears and a couple have forced them to take stress breaks. "There was a teenager who called because their 10-year-old sister had taken an overdose and, while I was instructing them in CPR, they vomited blood. They didn't make it," they say. "Different things can hit a nerve. If you're newly wed and someone's wife is taken ill, for instance, or if you've just had a baby and someone calls with a seriously ill child. Supervisors can always tell when someone has taken a difficult call and they send them off for a coffee break."
Pictures of lakes, flowers and seascapes dot the walls of the Pit, although their calming purpose is mocked by the staff. "We call that one Despair, that one Anguish," says a wag beside Griffiths before a call cuts them short, mid-jest.
It's extraordinary to see how Griffiths and their colleagues can switch from a casual conversation to emergency mode, without any alteration in their tone. The prompts from the computer are so familiar – address of the caller, nature of the problem, whether the casualty is conscious – that they can run through them dispassionately while speed-typing each detail on to the screen. The computer does most of the thinking, automatically dispatching an ambulance as soon as an address is typed in, deciding which of several described symptoms is the most critical and classing the case into one of four levels of urgency. A line of icons will click through to diagnostic questions for 35 different scenarios from gunshot wounds to animal bites.
But occasionally the dispatchers have to veer from the script to calm distraught callers or stabilise an aggressive situation. "You get strange reactions from people under pressure," Griffiths says. "Some are completely deadpan, almost robotic until the ambulance comes and then they break down. Some are abusive and some simply scream and you have to use repetitive persistence, asking the same question over and over, to get through to them. The most frustrating thing is when somebody rings on a mobile to say their friend has been shot, then they put the phone down. People assume you know where they are."
The two dozen staff on each shift sit in pods before two computer screens, one to interpret and act upon the clinical data and one displaying a map of London. On it, coloured circles denote ambulances en route – amber signifies help on its way, red shows the crew has arrived at the scene or are returning to hospital.
The first call of Griffiths' shift is from a carer who has found their elderly charge on the floor with a suspected stroke. Within minutes a moving orange circle shows an ambulance on its way.
"Some people here are superstitious and think that certain chairs attract more trauma," Griffiths says. "I'm a bit of a trauma magnet. The air ambulance crews get sick of me."
The biggest event they have had to cope with was the London riots: "There were a lot of assaults." Other cases stick in their mind because they are so unusual. "A man called because their hand was stuck behind a radiator and they knew their central heating was about to come on," they say. "Another man called because their wife had gone into labour [Griffiths has delivered five babies over the phone]. They were perfectly calm until they realised the baby was going to be born on their new sofa. They began shouting that they hadn't paid it off yet, and their mother-in-law had to send them from the room."
This evening's shift is proving unusually quiet. A woman calls because their brother has a nose bleed and an assault victim rings for a second time because their bleeding chin is staining their carpet. Both cases are ranked low priority by the computer. The casualties will probably get a call from a clinical team dedicated to non-urgent maladies.
"We get a lot of trivial calls – people who have seen a fox run over. But we have to understand that for them it's a frightening experience and we direct them to a more suitable source of help," they say. "Then you get people who have experienced real trauma such as the second world war, who don't like to bother us. My trainer took a call from an elderly lady who had fallen in their bathroom on a Friday evening. They kept themselves alive over the weekend by drinking bath water and rang us on the Monday to ask if we were open."
It would be understandable if the continual stream of disasters that filters through Griffiths' headphones made them nervous about life's unpredictability. Instead it makes them sanguine. "It's inevitable that accidents happen and if one occurred around me I'd switch into work mode," they say. "Friends find me unsympathetic if they are unwell because I'm used to so much worse."
They have, however, no desire to put themselves on the scene of a crisis and train to be an ambulance technician or paramedic. "I can deal with blood and guts," they say. "But the smell of vomit undoes me. I'd rather be safely on the end of a telephone line."
Curriculum vitae
Pay £23,861-£27,569
Hours Four 12-hour day shifts followed by three days off then four 12-hour night shifts followed by seven days off. "I can't imagine a nine-to-five job.
Work-life balance "12-hour shifts can make the weeks seem to disappear – going home and only having time to eat and wind down before sleep starts calling. On my days off I more than make up for any missed social events or downtime, doing as much as I can before getting back into my shift pattern. I share a house with six friends so there's always someone to around talk to if I've had a difficult day and there's a lot of support at work."
Best thing Seeing the difference made to such a large volume of people every shift.
Worst thing In winter, having to wake up for night shifts in the darkness, going home in the darkness and not seeing sunlight for a week!
Overtime
At the end of a gruelling shift, Glen enjoys reading books, "mostly science fiction or fantasy, never medical dramas". Glen also likes going to the cinema or watching films at home with friends, computer gaming and outdoor activities such as airsofting and paintballing. "I'm a typical 21-year-old male." Glen and their colleagues often go to the pub when they've clocked off: "we always have a laugh. It's easy to switch off when you're on a break and a lot of us have a dark sense of humour, which I guess you need in this job."
Mercedes-Benz Repair and Service in Phoenix
Atwood European | Phoenix Auto Repair & Service
WE ARE HIRING!! THE FOLLOWING JOBS ARE AVAILABLE:
• MERCEDES SHOP MANAGER JOBS
• MERCEDES TECHNICIAN JOBS
• SERVICE WRITERS JOBS
Click links above for details. Serious inquires only: 602-287-9666
At Atwood European, we offer full automotive service and repair as well as mild to moderate customization for our clients vehicles.
We specialize in Mercedes-Benz and BMW automobiles as well as other European exotics such as Aston Martin, Ferrari, Rolls-Royce, the Lotec 1000 and Barrett Jackson's personal high-end vehicles to name a few. Being able to provide great service at a very reasonable price is our mainstay. Our business is 90% referrals and after one visit you will see why.
Atwood European's service center is staffed with expert car repair mechanics who provide high-quality Mercedes-Benz Repair and Service in Phoenix. We understand how much you depend on your vehicle, so our auto repair staff will work to get your Mercedes-Benz or BMW vehicle back on the road as fast as possible.
At Atwood European, our car repair technicians work to industry specifications to ensure your Mercedes-Benz or BMW vehicle runs well for many miles to come. Our Phoenix Car Repair staff is trained to correctly diagnose and fix any issues your vehicle may have. Our Mercedes-Benz service staff will also advise you on any developing problems with your car, truck, or SUV so future breakdowns can be prevented.
For more information, view our Mercedes-Benz Repair and Service in Phoenix page.
With over 30 years experience and the latest factory diagnostic equipment, we can offer you the best possible service.
Call us at 602-287-9666 or email us or fill out form on the right side to make an appointment.
We Specialize In:
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau meets with China's Minister of Foreign Affairs Wang Yi in their office on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Wednesday, June 1, 2016. iPolitics/Matthew Usherwood
In 1968, Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau came up with the most famous description of the Canada-U.S. relationship, and the power imbalance that defines it: a mouse sleeping with an elephant. Canada, as the junior partner, depended on the Americans for trade and security in an insecure Cold War world. For Canadian leaders and diplomats, the challenge was in finding ways to assert our interests whenever they ran counter to those of our southern neighbour.
In 2016, there's a new elephant in the room. Through its vast domestic market, state-controlled enterprises and dictatorial government, China is buying, investing and trading its way into a power position with hundreds of countries around the globe. That kind of power is the envy of many a politician; Justin Trudeau made one of their ill-considered cracks before being elected prime minister when they expressed admiration for China “because their basic dictatorship is allowing them to actually turn their economy around on a dime …”
When dealing with China today, Trudeau the younger doesn't need to offer up praise: They can rely on the goodwill created by their father, who was considered a great friend by the Chinese during their time in office. But that goodwill has its limits, as was demonstrated by the recent Ottawa visit of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. Wang's meeting with Trudeau had been ‘requested' (read: ‘demanded') by the Chinese government after the PM's participation in the G7 meeting at which Trudeau and their fellow attendees expressed support for Japan in its long-running dispute with China over resources in the South China Sea.
The rest you know: After meeting with Trudeau and foreign Minister Stéphane Dion, Wang berated iPolitics reporter Amanda Connolly for asking a question about China's human rights record and the case of Canadian Kevin Garratt, currently in custody in China facing highly suspicious espionage charges.
“I have to say that your question is full of prejudice against China and arrogance … and this is totally unacceptable,” said Wang. Dion stood by during Wang's tirade, did not comment and moved on to the next question.
So what should Dion have done? It would have unreasonable to expect them to reenact the scene from the hit American drama House of Cards, where American ambassador Claire Underwood publicly castigates the Russian president over their country's human rights record. Instead, Dion and Trudeau both did the ‘diplomatic' thing — they expressed Canada's displeasure in private.
China's ambitions are not merely economic — they are geopolitical. The goal is to buy political goodwill and parlay it into support for China's foreign policy. China's ambitions are not merely economic — they are geopolitical. The goal is to buy political goodwill and parlay it into support for China's foreign policy.
“I can confirm that both Dion and department officials from Global Affairs Canada have expressed our dissatisfaction to both the Chinese foreign minister and the ambassador of China to Canada — our dissatisfaction with the way our journalists were treated,” Trudeau told CBC News. “The fact of the matter is freedom of the press is extremely important to me.”
How effective that expression of disastisfaction will turn out to be remains to be seen. Early indications are that the attitude of official China towards Canada has not changed. Garratt is still locked up. Just days after the visit, the Globe and Mail published a piece by Luo Zhaohui, China's ambassador to Canada, in which they extolled the virutes of cooperation between the two countries — while also demonstrating the vast gulf that still separates their conceptions of human rights, notably freedom of the press.
“It is with great expectations and sincere willingness for co-operation that minister Wang Yi has come to Canada and made a ten-point initiative for co-operation. I think this is what the media should focus on,” the ambassador wrote. “While reporters may enjoy freedom of press and ask China-related questions, the Chinese side on its part has freedom of opinion and expression.”
What matters now is what Trudeau and Dion do next. Will Canada pursue a bilateral free trade deal with China, or focus on the Trans Pacific Partnership and trade with its allies? Will Canada stand up for human rights, both for Canadian and Chinese citizens? Or will we downplay rights violations in the pursuit of economic opportunity — as we have with Saudi Arabia through that billion-dollar arms deal?
For decades, China has been investing in Africa in exchange for the cooperation of foreign governments, extracting minerals and other resources it needs to fuel growth back home. Now China is building a ‘new Silk Road' into Europe, striking deals with the continent's major ports and spending billions on rail lines and other infrastructure. As reported by Foreign Policy, China's ambitions are not merely economic — they are geopolitical. The goal is to buy political goodwill and parlay it into support for China's foreign policy.
“Most Chinese foreign direct investments are not normal foreign direct investments,” Philippe Le Corre of the Brookings Institution told FP. “With a few exceptions, they just happen to have the whole Chinese state behind them.” As a result, countries such as the Czech Republic have dropped their outspoken stance on Tibetan independence. Slovenia is one of several European nations that back China's position on disputes with Japan in the South China Sea.
It's this fusion of state and commercial interests that makes dealing with China so difficult. Under Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Ottawa put the brakes on future Chinese state investment in Canada's oilsands. Oddly enough, in their Globe article Zhaohui hangs a flag on that point, claiming that “the Chinese side has never preconditioned the FTA negotiation on the opening of an energy pipeline and the lifting of restrictions on state-owned enterprises' investment in Canada, as has been absurdly claimed in some media reports.”
Absurd or not, this is one of the lines in the sand Trudeau and Dion have to draw firmly in terms of economic relations with the Middle Kingdom. More than that, however, Canada has to stand up for the rights of its own citizens, like Garratt, and the rights of ordinary Chinese oppressed by their own government. Dion's department issued a statement recently marking the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre and “(calling) upon China to uphold all of its human rights obligations”.
But Ottawa's going to have to take a much tougher line with the current crowd in Beijing if it doesn't want the elephant to simply shrug — and roll over.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
The leader of the French freemasons has spoken against the victory of the right-wing National Front party in the first round of French regional elections, calling it a wake-up call for the Republic.
"We should all acknowledge what it means that the National Front is the winner party in France," Daniel Keller, the leader of the Grand Orient de France (GODF) – the largest of several Masonic organizations in France, told Le Journal du Dimanche (JDD).
On Sunday, the FN secured 28 percent of the vote nationally, according to the Interior Ministry. This is the highest ever for the anti-EU, anti-immigration party, which came first in six regions out of 13.
"If this election doesn't become an awakening for our parties, we'll witness the repetition of the Sunday's results in 2017," Keller warned, referring to the upcoming presidential elections.
Read more
They explained FN's unprecedented victory by saying that it has an advantage of “virginity,” having never been part of the government.
“Six million French fiercely disagree with the government's parties, be it right or left," according to him.
Keller considers FN's success in the regional elections will force the governing parties "to profoundly renovate our Republic, to question the political class, to genuinely take citizens' needs into account."
The Grand Orient leader has been known for their fierce criticism of the right-wing Front National. In an interview to JDD in October, they warned that the French Republic “is in danger.”
Meanwhile, one of FN's five vice presidents Florian Philippot called Keller's comments “playing on fears” and called the criticism “ridiculous.”
GREAT BEND, Kan. (AP)  A Kansas man whose girlfriend was physically stuck to the toilet in their home wins $20,000 in the state Lottery, for the second time this year. Kory McFarren cashed in their winning $2 Bonus Crossword ticket in Great Bend Monday. On July 29, the 37-year-old received six months of probation after pleading no contest to misdemeanor mistreatment of a dependent adult. McFarren called deputies in February to report that their girlfriend, Pam Babcock, had refused to come out of the bathroom for two years. Authorities found them stuck to the toilet. Medical personnel estimated Babcock had been on the toilet for at least a month and said the seat had adhered to sores on their body. They were released from a Wichita hospital after several months of treatment. Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Back in the spring, Clemson offensive analyst Durrell Barry posted a photo of a chrome Clemson helmet. The picture, shown in the Tweet below, caused a bit of a stir with the traditional Clemson design modified slightly and dipped in chrome.
On Tuesday, Barry tweeted out a rather cryptic message
Norte Dame sure does have some shiny helmets... #GoTigers — Coach Durrell Barry (@DurrellBarry) September 30, 2015
This could very well be a hint that Clemson will be showing off those chrome helmets on Saturday against Notre Dame. The Fighting Irish are well known for their shiny gold helmets, but Clemson's design would certainly outshine them.
At this point this is just conjecture, but a Saturday night game on ABC would be a perfect moment for Clemson to debut a special helmet. While many will lament the change to the uniform, this type of move is designed to impress the many recruits that will be in attendance on Saturday.
Thankfully the design appears to be the exact same as the regular helmet, maybe with a slight modification. Obviously the traditional white of the Tiger Paw has been replaced with a chrome silver. I'm not a huge fan of the chrome, but again, it is about the recruits.
At this point nothing has been confirmed by Clemson, and we'll likely have to wait until pregame warm ups to find out if this is just a ploy to tease Clemson fans or an actual factual uniform change.
There are some stories which persist long after they've been debunked, a recent example being Joan McAlpine's supposed accusation that anyone opposing the SNP was “anti-Scottish”. However many times it was shown that they didn't say any such thing, however often they explained what they HAD said, the lie kept being perpetuated (and will doubtless continue to be in the coming months and years) by people who knew full well it wasn't true, because it suited their agenda to do so.
The notion that Scotland is massively subsidised by England is another such political legend, and we don't imagine for a second that this story from today's Sunday Times will stop the endless stream of idiots on the Telegraph, Mail and Express (both above and below the line) from continuing to assert it at every opportunity.
But at least now you can handily link them to the actual facts, even if they don't want to hear them. The full article can be read below.
The attributing to Scotland of only 83% of North Sea oil revenues (international law points to over 90% of such resources belonging to Scotland in the event of independence) is a touch controversial, and suggests that the reality would in fact be a slight subsidy of the rest of the UK by Scotland, but this'll serve the purpose for now.
UFC 209: Woodley vs. Thompson 2 takes place March 4, 2017 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Click the stars to rate how good you think UFC 209 will be.
**********
A month after University of Alabama's chapter of Alpha Phi got blasted for releasing a highly produced recruitment video starring a lot of blonde white women, the sorority's University of Iowa Delta Epsilon chapter is getting attention for a recruitment song set to a compilation of rap tunes with references to fun activities like anal sex and drinking.
The video was sent to Total Frat Move, and it's received almost 100,000 views in the two days since it's been posted. In it, the women identify themselves as Alpha Phi sophomores, and as the University of Iowa's Daily Iowan reports, are singing their version of popular tracks like “Trap Queen,” “Watch Me Whip/Nae Nae” and “In Da Club” while on the front porch of their sorority house, referred to in Iowa City as “‘the dollhouse'” for its toy-like aesthetic.” It appears to have been recorded on Monday, which was Bid Day.
Advertisement
The lyrics are not particularly clear, and the video is very blurry, but the women include phrases suggesting another sorority “Take your flowered skirts, shove them up your asshole” and reference someone “getting dirty money screwing Sig Nus.” They go on to claim that “all the frats they know us” and “all the bouncers know us,” and gleefully chant about their new recruits: “We just got our babies and they're hotter than yours.”
“Watch me chug, watch me shotgun, watch me chug, chug, now watch me black out,” they sing/scream at one point. It's a sharp contrast to the recruitment video the women released two days earlier, an homage to the introduction to the movie Legally Blonde, which was famously set to the song “Perfect Day” by Hoku, as is this one.
That video, at least, was well-received—the chapter retweeted this Total Sorority Move post about it on their Twitter.
Advertisement
“This video is not reflective of the University of Iowa's expectations for student organizations on campus and does not represent our fraternity and sorority community as a whole,” the college said in a statement. “The Division of Student Life is looking into the incident and will work with staff from Alpha Phi headquarters to respond appropriately to this disappointing behavior.” Alpha Phi's nationals have not commented.
I wrote a little while back about my feelings on hash-bang URLs:
I feel so disappointed and sad when I see previously-robust URLs swapped out for the fragile #! fragment identifiers. I find it hard to articulate my sadness…
Fortunately, is more articulate than I. He's written a detailed account of breaking the web with hash-bangs.
It would appear that hash-bang usage is on the rise, despite the fact that it was never intended as a long-term solution. Instead, the pattern (or anti-pattern) was intended as a last resort for crawling Ajax-obfuscated content:
So the #! URL syntax was especially geared for sites that got the fundamental web development best practices horribly wrong, and gave them a lifeline to getting their content seen by Googlebot.
Mike goes into detail on the Gawker outage that was a direct result of its “sites” being little more than single pages that require JavaScript to access anything.
I'm always surprised when I come across as site that deliberately chooses to make its content harder to access.
Though it may not seem like it at times, we're actually in a pretty great position when it comes to front-end development on the web. As long as we use progressive enhancement, the front-end stack of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is remarkably resilient. Remove JavaScript and some behavioural enhancements will no longer function, but everything will still be addressable and accessible. Remove CSS and your lovely visual design will evaporate, but your content will still be addressable and accessible. There aren't many other platforms that can offer such a robust level of loose coupling.
This is no accident. The web stack is rooted in Postel's law. If you serve an HTML document to a browser, and that document contains some tags or attributes that the browser doesn't understand, the browser will simply ignore them and render the document as best it can. If you supply a style sheet that contains a selector or rule that the browser doesn't recognise, it will simply pass it over and continue rendering.
In fact, the most brittle part of the stack is JavaScript. While it's far looser and more forgiving than many other programming languages, it's still a programming language and that means that a simple typo could potentially cause an entire script to fail in a browser.
That's why I'm so surprised that any front-end engineer would knowingly choose to swap out a solid declarative foundation like HTML for a more brittle scripting language. Or, as Simon put it:
Gizmodo launches redesign, is no longer a website (try visiting with JS disabled): http://gizmodo.com/
Read Mike's article, re-read this article on URL design and listen to what has to say in this interview .
Agreement set to involve heavy losses for wealthy investors, while those with savings under €100,000 will be spared
European leaders reached an agreement with Cyprus early on Monday morning that closes down the island's second-biggest bank and inflicts huge losses on wealthy savers.
Russians would lose billions of euros under draconian terms that are aimed at preventing the Mediterranean tax haven becoming the first country forced out of the single currency.
"Herman Van Rompuy has brokered an agreement between the troika and Cyprus," said an EU source, referring to the president of the European council and Cyprus's trio of creditors: the European commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
A meeting of eurozone finance ministers that started six hours late reached an agreement in the early hours of Monday morning to finalise the fine print of the deal. Savers with deposits of less than €100,000 (£85,000) would be spared but it was thought there would be heavy losses inflicted on the deposits of the wealthy.
Laiki, or Cyprus Popular Bank, is to be closed, with its good assets transferred to Bank of Cyprus, the country's biggest bank, where savers would suffer big losses in return for equity shares. Those with more than €100,000 in Laiki would also be hit hard.
Negotiations got under way amid a hardening of the stance by the IMF and Germany, which insisted that depositors must take the hit for bailing out the eurozone's latest crisis economy.
There were signs of panic in Cyprus as a €100 limit was imposed on ATM withdrawals, with more stringent capital controls to follow if the deal is finalised.
The European Central Bank had threatened to cut off funds propping up Cypriot banks on Monday, which would have precipitated the island's exit from the euro if agreement was not reached at the emergency meeting.
"The numbers have not changed. If anything they've got worse," said Wolfgang Schäuble, Germany's finance minister. They said the aims of last week's agreement to raise €5.8bn – details of which were rejected by Cyprus – had to be achieved. This time, however, savers with less than €100,000 will be spared, meaning the burden falls much more heavily on the wealthy than the 9.9% levy proposed last week for their accounts.
Germany is determined that the island deflate a bloated financial sector that exceeds the size of the Cypriot economy by a factor of seven.
"It is well known that I won't allow myself to be blackmailed by no one or nothing," said Schäuble. "I'm aware of my responsibility for the stability of the euro. If we take the wrong decisions we'll be doing the euro a great disservice," they told a German Sunday newspaper.
Russians are estimated to hold more than €20bn of the €68bn deposited in Cypriot banks. Bank of Cyprus holds €28bn in deposits although it was not clear how much of that would qualify for the "haircut". But it was clear that the losses would amount to several billion.
The Cypriot president, Nicos Anastasiades, held meetings with EU officials in Brussels before the meeting of the euro group – the 17 finance ministers of the single-currency area – which included troika representatives Christine Lagarde, head of the IMF, Mario Draghi, president of the ECB, and Olli Rehn, European commissioner for economic and monetary affairs.
Little progress was reported from the earlier meetings on resolving the stalemate over how to structure a €17bn bailout, with creditors unwilling to offer more than €10bn while expressing dissatisfaction with Cypriot proposals to supply the remainder.
The agreement outlined early on Monday came close to what Lagarde had demanded a week ago and which had been rebuffed by Anastasiades.
Over the weekend Nicosia moved on legislation to wind up Cyprus Popular Bank and introduce capital controls to try to prevent a bank run and the flight of money out of the country.
As cops were being threatened and assaulted and the city reeled over the execution of two officers, Mayor Bill de Blasio prayed at St. Patrick's Cathedral Sunday — then went into hiding.
Police Commissioner Bill Bratton visited the scene of the horrific attack in Brooklyn and Gov. Andrew Cuomo paid a wrenching condolence call at the home of one of the slain cops, but de Blasio ran from reporters and was nowhere to be found after the church service.
They showed up for 10:15 a.m. Mass with their wife, Chirlane McCray, and Bratton, with all three sitting in a front-row pew as Cardinal Timothy Dolan urged prayers for the slain cops' families, the NYPD — and the embattled mayor.
Dolan asked Bratton to tell cops that “we love them very much, we mourn with them, we need them, we respect them, we're proud of them and we thank them.”
Reporters were then told to leave the church early for a nearby news conference with the mayor, but de Blasio — who was snubbed by scores of cops at Woodhull Hospital on Saturday — scooted out after the service and ignored questions as they hopped into an SUV.
In other developments while de Blasio was AWOL:
The NYPD said it is investigating more than a dozen threatened copycat attacks after Officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos were shot execution-style. One man was busted for allegedly attacking an officer in the 28th Precinct station house in Harlem on Sunday.
President Obama personally called Bratton on Sunday to express their condolences over the killings and offer their support, the White House said — while indicating that only the president's staffers reached out to de Blasio.
The department suspended patrols by its Volunteer Auxiliary Police, whose members wear uniforms and ride in marked vehicles but are not armed.
Surveillance video revealed that killer Ismaaiyl Brinsley spoke with two strangers shortly before their Saturday rampage, telling the men to “follow me on Instagram and watch what I'm going to do,” cops said.
EMT Tantania Alexander recalled trying to save the shot cops, with Ramos struggling to tell them their name before blacking out.
The New York Rangers held a moment of silence for the fallen officers at Madison Square Garden on Sunday night.
The Brooklyn Nets honored the cops at Barclays Center.
After an hourlong sit-down with Ramos' family, Cuomo said, “An attack on a police officer is an attack on every law-abiding person in the city of New York, and that's what this was.”
They also spoke by phone with Liu's widow, who told them they were too distraught to see them in person, a Cuomo spokesperson said.
Shabhan Ali, a neighbor of Liu, fumed outside their Bensonhurst home Sunday about de Blasio's no-show.
“[Liu] was a hero and was protecting the city. De Blasio should pay their regards,” they said.
Outside Ramos' Cypress Hills home, the president of the 75th Precinct Community Council, John Rodriguez, seethed, “Come out here and show this family some respect — that's what [de Blasio] should do.”
It was unclear Sunday if Ramos or Liu had signed forms distributed by their union last week for cops to ask that neither de Blasio nor Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito attend their funerals if they are killed in the line of duty.
A cousin of Ramos, Richard Gonzalez, said de Blasio “could come if they want.”
“We're not disrespectful. We're not going to throw them out and say, ‘Don't be here,' ” they said. “We want to bury our cousin and our son and grieve in peace.”
Paul Martinka William Farrington Paul Martinka Paul Martinka Paul Martinka Paul Martinka Paul Martinka William Miller Paul Martinka The scene where two NYPD officers were shot William Farrington Investigators work at the scene where two NYPD officers were shot AP Police officers stand outside Woodhull Hospital as the bodies of two police officers who were shot in Brooklyn are removed from the hospital. EPA Mourners stand at attention as the bodies of two fallen NYPD police officers are transported from Woodhull Medical Center. AP Patrick Lynch, head of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, speaks during a news conference after the bodies of two fallen NYPD police officers were transported from Woodhull Medical Center. AP Mourners stand at attention as the bodies of two fallen NYPD police officers are transported from Woodhull Medical Center. AP NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton (right) stands beside Mayor Bill de Blasio as they wipe their eye during a news conference at Woodhull Medical Center. AP Ad Up Next Close Nick Mangold, on crutches, adamant he'll play in Jets' finale Nick Mangold began the day at MetLife Stadium by paying... 20 View Slideshow Back Continue Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
WhatsApp
Email
Copy
Advertisement
Former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly blamed de Blasio for inflaming anti-police sentiment after the grand jury decision in the death of Eric Garner.
“I think when the mayor made statements about that they had to train their son to be — their son who is biracial — to be careful when he's dealing with the police, I think that set off this latest firestorm,” Kelly said on ABC's “This Week.”
Ex-Mayor Rudy Giuliani faulted President Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder as well as de Blasio.
“We've had four months of propaganda starting with the president that everybody should hate the police,” they told Fox News.
Additional reporting by Lorena Mongelli, Dana Sauchelli and Geoffe Earle
How New Yorkers can help
As the city mourns the loss of two NYPD cops killed in the line of duty over the weekend, New Yorkers can lend a helping hand by donating to a college fund for the two sons of one of the fallen officers.
The Silver Shield Foundation is seeking donations for Officer Rafael Ramos' sons, Justin and Jaden.
The other cop killed Saturday, Officer Wenjian Liu, did not have children.
Justin Ramos attends Bowdoin College in Maine. Jaden, 13, attends Charles O. Dewey MS in Sunset Park, Brooklyn.
Contributions can be made to: Silver Shield Foundation, 870 United Nations Plaza, 1st Floor, New York, NY 10017.
The Silver Shield Foundation helps the children of fallen cops and firefighters from the tri-state area pay for their education.
Colombian James Rodriguez won the Golden Boot as top scorer at the World Cup
New signing James Rodriguez scored their first goal for Real Madrid but a late Raul Garcia equaliser for Atletico Madrid saw the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup finish 1-1 at the Bernabeu.
Former Monaco forward Rodriguez, the Golden Boot winner at this summer's World Cup, netted in the 80th minute.
But Garcia scrambled the ball home from a corner for the La Liga champions.
Rodriguez came on for Cristiano Ronaldo, who went off at half-time with a suspected back injury.
The two-legged Super Cup is the Spanish equivalent of the English Community Shield - when the League champions play the FA Cup winners - and the 2014 edition saw reigning La Liga champions Atletico facing Real, who won the Copa del Rey last season.
Colombia striker Rodriguez was making their first appearance at Real's Bernabeu Stadium, where supporters paid tribute to club legend Alfredo Di Stefano, who died in July, before kick-off.
And the Champions League winners, who added the Uefa Super Cup to their collection by beating Sevilla in Cardiff last week, were a more potent force after the break.
The James Rodriguez story Born in Cucuta, Colombia, 12 July, 1991 Played in Colombia and Argentina before signing for Porto in 2010, scoring 32 goals in 105 games and winning three Portuguese titles and the Europa League Joined Monaco in 2013, scoring 10 times in 38 appearances Scored six times for Colombia at the 2014 World Cup finals to win the Golden Boot Signed for Real Madrid on a six-year contract for a fee reported to be £65m, making them the fourth most expensive player in history
Gareth Bale twice went close for Carlo Ancelotti's side, first seeing an angled drive saved by Miguel Angel Moya and then testing the keeper again with a fiercely struck free-kick.
Moya was unable to hold the Welshman's effort but new Real signing Toni Kroos was unable to convert the rebound.
However, World Cup winner Kroos was involved in the opening goal, the Germany international playing in Daniel Carvajal to cross low into the box.
Karim Benzema's shot was blocked but the ball fell for Rodriguez, who steered it home from eight yards out on 80 minutes.
That looked likely to give Real the advantage going into the return leg at the Vicente Calderon stadium but Atletico showed their resilience to hit back.
Diego Simeone's side, who have lost the services of Diego Costa, Filipe Luis, David Villa and Thibaut Courtois since their defeat by Real in the Champions League final, were unbeaten against both Real and Barcelona last season.
And they extended that run when Garcia flicked the ball past Iker Casillas from inside the six-yard box.
Ronaldo (right) played only the first 45 minutes before going off with a suspected back injury
Manager Carlo Ancelotti decided not to take any chances on Ronaldo's fitness
Rodriguez replaced Ronaldo and enjoyed a near-perfect debut with their first goal for the club
Bale completed the 90 minutes for the Champions League winners and twice went close to scoring
■ After the 1st game...
▲ Score : Those guys can make it into the quarterfinals...why can't I!
■ Fruit for a top laner
■ ??? : Of course Top laners should eat...
▲ CuVee : Banana!
■ SKT vs Misfits 3rd game summary
▲ When you mess with a Max level Rabbit...
■ ??? : Wow, Faker today is completely...
▲ Bjergsen: They were like me!
■ ??? : Wow, Bang today is completely...
▲ Doublelift: They were like me!
■ Angered Faker
▲ Faker: Do you need to get hit my a keyboard to sell that Mejai's?
■ SKT vs Misfits 4th game summary
▲ Faker uses Ryze to close Mejai's
■ The reason why Ryze's winrate is 27% at worlds?
▲ Faker didn't play Ryze. (International Stage 12 games 12 wins)
■ ONE-TEAM-MAN
■ Today's summary
■ After the game: Faker and Bang
▲ Faker: What were you going to do without me? I can't even hit you...
■ Things you don't do infront of Faker
▲ Laugh
▲ Show Team Icon
■ When you do things you shouldn't have in front of Faker
■ Today's game with Misfits
■ ??? : Bengi, we can't lose this dragon so please help me!
▲ Bengi: Alright, I'll steal this one and leave.
■ Today's situation with Huni
■ ??? : I finally found the reason why we didn't make it out of groups.
▲ Doublelift : Why can't you play like Faker, Bjergsen?
■ Faker : Hey Bjergsen.. How to win is...
▲ "I create the win with my bare hands"
■ ??? : Blank, use smite now!
■ Faker is going to the army?
Six plant species were tested for their ability to accumulate depleted uranium in their above-ground biomass from deployed munitions contaminated soil in New Mexico. In greenhouse experiments, Kochia (Kochia scoparia L. Schrad.) and pigweed (Amaranthus retroflexus L) were grown with steer manure added at rates of 22.4, 44.8, and 89.6 Mg ha(-1). Citric acid and glyphosate (N-(phosphonomethyl) glycine) applied at the end of the growing season increased DU concentrations from 2.5 to 17 times. Leaf and stem DU concentrations in kochia increased from 17.0 to 41.9 mg kg(-1) and from 3.5 to 18.0 mg kg(-1), respectively. In pigweed, leaf and stem DU concentrations increased from 1.0 to 17.3 and from 1.0 to 4.7 mg kg(-1), respectively. Manure generally decreased or had no effect on DU uptake. The effect of citric acid and ammonium citrate on DU uptake by kochia, sunflower (Helianthus annuus L), and sweet corn (Zea mays L) was also studied. Ammonium citrate was just as effective in enhancing DU uptake as citric acid. This implies that the citrate ion is more important in DU uptake and translocation than the solubilization of DU through acidification. In both experiments, leaves had higher DU concentrations than stems.
The federal government has over the years taken a vested interest in promoting the arts, seeding various projects and grants throughout the country. Some of the displays are a tribute to the history of the country, such as a mural that was until a month ago prominently on display in the Maine Department of Labor's state headquarters.
That was before Governor Paul LaPage demanded the mural be removed.
LaPage's order, which was made at the height of the labor protests in Wisconsin over collective bargaining rights, embodied the GOP's feelings about unions — break them primarily by breaking their spirits, and damn the long-term ramifications. The mural in question, which depicted moments in labor ranging from union strikes to Rosie the Riveter, was deemed too biased towards workers according to the Governor, who ordered it be taken off display. Now, the federal department responsible for providing funding for the work is asking for their money back.
Via Politico:
The [Labor Department] grant funded a public project, but “we understand, however, that the mural is no longer on display in your headquarters,” said Gay Gilbert, administrator of the U.S. Office of Unemployment Insurance, in a Monday letter to Maine's acting labor commissioner. “Thus, it is no longer being used for an administrative purpose permitted by the Reed Act. Accordingly…the state must…return to its UTF [Unemployment Trust Fund] account the amount of the Reed Act funds represented by the mural.”
In all, that might end up amounting to far more than $60,000. The state would have to repay the 63.8 percent contribution that came from the federal government — $38,280 — as well as 63.8 percent of the fair-market value of the mural.
The only other option, Gilbert said, would be that the state department “could again display the mural in its headquarters or in another state employment security building.”
In some ways, it's the perfect symbol of the struggle between the labor movement and the Tea Party leaders — governors are so interested in scoring points trying to crush labor that they don't even consider the long term financial ramification of their actions.
Photo By Jason Savage (The Paul LePage for Governor campaign) [CC-BY-3.0 (www.creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0)], via Wikimedia Commons
But is there the political will to match?
The average US consumer is prepared to pay $162 more for a national clean energy standard (NCES) that would require 80 percent clean energy by 2035, according to researchers at Yale and the George Mason University. This equates to a 13 percent increase in the 2009 average annual household energy bill of $1,250. However, for such a bill to pass through Congress, the increase would have to be restricted to about $50, the researchers found.
In a survey of 1010 US citizens, respondents were asked, among other questions, whether they would support or oppose a national clean energy standard that would require 80 percent of the US's electricity to be generated from clean sources by 2035. At random, respondents received one of three "technological treatments" or definitions of clean energy that included renewable energy sources alone, renewable sources plus natural gas, and renewable sources plus nuclear power. (President Obama's 2011 "80 percent by 2035" NCES proposal allowed for natural gas as a clean energy source.)
Respondents were also presented with differing amounts by which the NCES would increase their energy bill—amounts dubbed "bids" by the research team. These bid amounts fell on incremental values between $5 and $155 inclusive, and were presented to respondents at random.
From the data, researchers derived what they call a mean willingness to pay (WTP)—the additional amount that would tip respondents over the line from eagerness to indifference as to whether NCES policy is passed. Researchers allowed for the possibility of negative WTPs (essentially granting that some respondents might be willing to pay more if it meant a NCES was not enacted). Mean WTP was calculated to be $162 accounting for all definitions of clean energy, increasing to $199 where clean energy was defined as renewable only. The mean WTP fell to $142 and $147 for definitions including natural gas and nuclear power respectively–the margin between the two being not statistically different, according to the researchers.
(Note that their statistical analysis indicated that the mean WTP was actually above the maximum value included in their survey. This suggests that, in designing their questions, they probably cut things off too low.)
The education, gender, household size, income and ethnicity of respondents was also surveyed, and a "probability of support" for a national clean energy standard was established based on respondents' socioeconomic data. Across all socioeconomic groups the researchers found that probability of support fell by one percentage point for every $10 increase in bid amount. When the definition of clean energy is broadened to include natural gas or nuclear power, probability of support falls by between seven and eight percent points–a result deemed "not surprising" by the researchers "given the negative publicity regarding shale gas, hydraulic fracturing and the Fukushima nuclear accident."
Delving into the socioeconomics, researchers found that Republicans, Independents, and respondents with no party allegiance were less likely by 25, 13 and 25 percentage points respectively to support a NCES than respondents that identified themselves as Democrats. White respondents were more likely than nonwhites to support a NCES by a margin of ten percentage points. Support for a national standard was lower among older respondents.
The research additionally modeled the likely voting patterns of members of Congress on an "80 percent by 2035" national standard, assuming members would vote in line with the views of the median voter in their state or congressional district, determined using the US Census American Community Survey.
A NCES that increased electricity bills by the $162 mean WTP would not pass the current 112th House and Senate, the researchers concluded, (though it would have likely made it through the bluer 111th). The researchers concluded that a NCES would pass the Senate if additional household cost increases were kept below $59 per year, while House passage would depend upon costs increases being limited to $48 per year. In other words, to pass both chambers household electricity bills would have to rise, on average, by less than 5 percent.
The research brings into focus the contrast between the views of what the researchers call the "average US citizen" represented in the survey, and those of the conceptual median voter who, theoretically at least, constrains the actions of Members of Congress. "The difference between public opinion and political support that we find is consistent with the observation that a majority of US citizens support clean energy and climate-change policies, whereas the necessary majorities in Congress do not," the researchers conclude. Or to put it another way, for a NCES to become law, the resulting increase in energy bills would likely have to be contained.
The research was presented by Joseph E. Aldy, Matthew J. Kotchen and Anthony A. Leiserowitz in Nature Climate Change on Sunday.
Nature Climate Change, 2012. DOI: 10.1038/NCLIMATE1527 (About DOIs).
One person was killed and two others were injured in an explosion in north Delhi's Naya Bazar area, on Tuesday
According to initial reports, explosive material used in crackers were found at the site.
The cause of the explosion was yet to be ascertained. "Prima facie it looks like a firecracker explosion in a jute bag," said Virendra Chahal, Jt CP Northern Range.
Forensic teams and officers from the Special Cell are on the spot and collecting samples.
Delhi Police personnel have been maintaining a tight vigil in view of the festive season.​
Meanwhile, Home Minister Rajnath Singh spoke to Delhi Police Commissioner Alok Verma over the death of a person in an explosion.
The Home Minister, who is in Bahrain, telephoned the Delhi Police Commissioner to take stock of the situation in the national capital.
Verma briefed them about the incident and the steps taken in this regard, official sources told PTI.
(with agency inputs)
"The cosmos is all that is, or ever was, or ever will be. Come with me." It was with those words that, in 1980, the astronomer Carl Sagan launched "Cosmos," an epic 13-part TV series that brought science to the public like never before. And now, Sagan's legacy lives on again in "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" —a 13-episode series airing on Fox and the National Geographic Channel, beginning March 9.
Update for Sunday, June 8 : The "Cosmos" finale is upon us. In tonight's final episode, called "Unafraid of the Dark," host Neil deGrasse Tyson will explore the mystery of dark energy, revist the Voyager spacecraft and their golden records, and ends with Carl Sagan's famed meditation on the "Pale Blue Dot." FULL STORY: 'Cosmos' Finale Brings a (Big) Bang of Wonder
'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' is a 21st-century reboot of astronomer Carl Sagan's iconic 1980 science television series. The new 13-part series, hosted by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, begins March 9, 2014 on Fox. (Image: © Fox)
The new "Cosmos" updates Sagan's original series with the latest discoveries about the universe we live in and combines those facts with spectacular visual effects and animation. Ann Druyan, widow of Carl Sagan and a co-writer on the original "Cosmos" series, serves as an executive producer, writer and director alongside executive producers Seth MacFarlane, Mitchel Cannold and Brannon Braga (of "Star Trek" franchise). Druyan wrote the series with Steven Soter (who also co-wrote the original "Cosmos"), and is named as a director, with Braga and Bill Pope.
Space.com's complete coverage of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" appears below:
Photos and Video:
'Cosmos' by Carl Sagan, The best-selling science book ever published in the English language, COSMOS is a magnificent overview of the past, present, and future of science. (Paperback). Buy Here (Image: © Space.com Store)
Sunday, June 8
'Cosmos' Finale Brings a (Big) Bang of Wonder
The finale episode of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" airs tonight to explore the mysteries of dark energy and revisit the farthest manmade objects in space, NASA's Voyager 1 and 2 spacecraft. Carl Sagan's iconic meditation on the vastness of the universe, their "Pale Blue Dot," makes an unforgettable appearance.
Friday, June 6
Do We Need More 'Cosmos'? Neil deGrasse Tyson Answers
Space.com caught up with astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, host of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey," to ask how the show has transformed the public, and whether anything like it will come again.
Saturday, May 31
'Cosmos' Visits Venus to Talk Climate Change Sunday Night
This Sunday night (June 1), the Fox TV series "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" will send viewers to Earth's evil twin to learn about the greenhouse effect and climate change.
Sunday, May 25 - Off Week
Saturday, May 17
'Cosmos' Tackles Life and Death in Sunday's Episode
The next episode of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" airs Sunday (May 18), and it promises to delve into big questions about death and immortality.
Saturday, May 3
Amanda Seyfried Helps 'Cosmos' Explore Earth's Autobiography on Sunday
The Fox TV series "Cosmos" will send viewers on a trip through space and time to delve into the origins of our home planet Earth on Sunday (May 4), and actor Amanda Seyfried will use their voice to help the show do it.
Saturday, April 26
Kirsten Dunst, Marlee Matlin Voice Famed Female Astronomers on 'Cosmos' Sunday
After a few weeks of male-dominated story lines, Sunday's episode of Fox's science-themed show "Cosmos" will honor two women who changed the way scientists understand star stuff, with the help of actores Kirsten Dunst and Marlee Matlin.
Saturday, April 19
'Cosmos' App Puts the Universe in Your Smartphone
Fox has a new app for space fans who need more than their weekly dose of "Cosmos" available for the iPhone and Android, the free app lets users carry the show's sleek CGI graphics in their pocket, with previews and clips of the 13 episodes.
Saturday, April 12
For 'Cosmos' Host Neil deGrasse Tyson, TV Filming an Otherworldly Experience
Filming "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" was a brand-new experience for the TV show's host. Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson had made television appearances before filming "Cosmos," but co-creating and starring in a 13-episode TV show was an entirely different experience.
COSMOS FirstScope Telescope, Celestron Newtonian reflector optical system features a spherical mirror with a generous 76 mm of aperture. Buy Here (Image: © Space.com Store)
Monday, April 7
'Cosmos' Recap: 'Magic Tricks' of Light Illuminated
Secrets of the universe are hiding inside light. Sunday's (April 6) episode of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" explored some of those secrets in stunning detail and animation.
Saturday, April 5
'Cosmos' Seeks the Hidden Light of the Universe Sunday Night (Video )
The next episode of "Cosmos" Sunday night (April 6) will delve into the mysteries of light and how it travels through space.
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey Explores Universe's 'Hidden Light'
Monday, March 31
'Cosmos' Recap: Ghosts and Illusions of Universe Laid Bare
In the fourth episode of "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey," viewers encounter celestial illusions in a way that takes them beyond their own experience. The episode — dubbed "A Sky Full of Ghosts" — explains just what that means through animation and science history. "A Sky Full of Ghosts" focuses on the life and times of William Herschel (voiced by Sir Patrick Stewart of "Star Trek: The Next Generation") and their son John.
Saturday, March 29
Patrick Stewart Beams Into 'Cosmos' as Voice of Famed Astronomer
Veteran actor and former Starship Enterprise captain Sir Patrick Stewart will warp into Fox's "Cosmos " Sunday night (March 30) as the voice of a famed astronomer who discovered Uranus.Monday, March 30.
Travel Faster Than The Speed Of Light On The Next Episode Of Cosmos
Host Neil deGrasse Tyson will explore the ways light, time and gravity effect our perceptions of the universe as they travel faster than the speed of light and into the depths of a black hole on the next episode of Cosmos: A Sky Full of Ghosts.
Monday, March 24
'Cosmos' Recap: Halley's Comet History and 4 More Amazing Facts from Episode 3
Aired Sunday night (March 23), the third episode of the reboot of Carl Sagan's beloved TV show "Cosmos: A Personal Voyage" explains how knowledge of fthe workings of gravity, comets and the solar system changed the way that humans look at the stars.
Saturday, March 22
'Cosmos' Host Neil deGrasse Tyson Reflects on TV's New 'Spacetime Odyssey'
The new TV series "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" has been remarkably successful so far, and host Neil deGrasse Tyson has a few ideas why.
'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' Visits Halley's Comet
Host Neil DeGrasse Tyson and the 'Ship of the Imagination' travel to the comet at edge of the solar system and explains how it 'falls' back to the inner solar system. The all-new "When Knowledge Conquered Fear" episode airs March 23 on Fox.
The Carl Sagan Institute: Pale Blue Dots and Beyond, at Cornell University, is named after the late astrophysicist and science popularize, and will assist in the search for life elsewhere in the cosmos. (Image: © Photo by Eduardo Castaneda)
Saturday, March 15
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson Talks 'Cosmos,' the Tooth Fairy and Space at SXSW
Astrophysicist and Cosmos host Neil deGrasse Tyson drew a huge crowd at South by Southwest, talking about science literacy, exoplanets and more.
Video: 'Cosmos' Looks Back At Earth's Extinction Events
Video: 'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' Travels To Titan
Monday, March 10
Astronauts Celebrate 'Cosmos' with Weightless Experiment in Space (Video)
The new "Cosmos" science TV series on Fox have received an out-of-this-world from astronauts on the International Space Station in a new video showing how weightlessness works.
President Obama Hopes 'Cosmos' TV Reboot Inspires Next Generation of Scientists (Video)
Even the president of the United States is into the new "Cosmos." President Barack Obama introduced the new TV series "Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" last night (March 9) during the FOX premiere of the new show, a reboot of Carl Sagan's original "Cosmos" series.
'Cosmos' Recap: 7 Things We Learned in Last Night's Premiere
"Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey" premiered Sunday night (March 9), rebooting the series that the late astronomer Carl Sagan turned into a TV classic 34 years ago. Some of these morsels may be old news for veteran "Cosmos" fans and space buffs, but here are seven awesome things we learned in the series premiere.
Sunday, March 9
'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' Reboots Carl Sagan's Landmark TV Series on Fox Tonight
Famed astronomer Carl Sagan shared the universe with millions with 1980's 'Cosmos.' That legacy lives on with 'Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey' hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson, which premieres March 9 on Fox.
Saturday, March 8
Vintage 'Cosmos' Marathon Airs This Weekend on National Geographic Channel
Fans of the late astronomer Carl Sagan's "Cosmos" have even more to be excited about this weekend. Ahead of Sunday's premiere of the "Cosmos" reboot, the National Geographic Channel will air a marathon of the original 1980 series.
Carl Sagan Remembered: How Did They Inspire You?
Do you remember the first time you saw 'Cosmos'? Or the first time you heard Carl Sagan's voice tell you that you, too, were made of star stuff? How did Carl Sagan inspire you?
Friday, March 7
'Cosmos' for a New Generation: Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson Explains We Need It
Astrophysicist and science popularizer Neil deGrasse Tyson explains why every generation needs a "Cosmos" in an interview with Space.com.
Carl Sagan's Legacy: From the 'Pale Blue Dot' to Interstellar Space
The famed astronomer Carl Sagan has a legacy that lives on today through the lives they touched and a new TV show inspired by theirs 'Cosmos.'
Inside 'Cosmos': Q&A with Host Neil deGrasse Tyson
Space.com caught up with Neil deGrasse Tyson, host of the new 'Cosmos' series, to talk about the show, Carl Sagan and science popularization
Carl Sagan's Legacy: Scientists, Fans Share Memories of Famed Astronomer
Scientists and fans remember famed astronomer Carl Sagan for their influential life and work. Read what they have to say here.
Thursday, March 6
'Cosmos' Reborn: New Fox TV Show Aims to Bring Science to Everyone
The makers of the new TV show 'Cosmos: A Spacetime Oddysey' want the program to reach everyone, not just space fans.
Astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, Seth MacFarlane Talk 'Cosmos' with GQ
It's hard to imagine the late astronomer Carl Sagan gracing the glossy pages of GQ wearing one of their turtlenecks and corduroy blazers. But it's a different story for the men who are launching a stylish reboot of Sagan's beloved 'Cosmos' TV series.
Wednesday, March 5
Why the New 'Cosmos' TV Series Is Coming to Fox (Video)
When Carl Sagan's beloved 13-part "Cosmos" series first aired in 1980, it was broadcast on PBS. But a new reboot of the show, hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson, will launch in a much splashier fashion when it premieres on Fox and National Geographic Channel.
Sunday, Jan. 13
Rebooting 'Cosmos': Neil DeGrasse Tyson Explains Why Iconic TV Series Returns in 2014
Rebooting Carl Sagan's seminal 'Cosmos' miniseries three decades later is almost impossible — unless you happen to be renowned astrophysicist and science educator Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Email Tariq Malik at tmalik@space.com or follow them @tariqjmalik and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+.
I was at 30,000 feet when the crash hit on Thursday. When I landed in NY and saw what happened, the first thought was trader error. But the evidence for that remains lacking. I spent a good part of the weekend trying to track down evidence that it was HFT, or a fat thumb, or a NYSE erroneous trade halt.To date, the best analysis I've seen came from a young analyst on an institutional desk. Their forensic approach to piecing together what occurred is the best explanation I have come upon:
~~~
While “trader error” or “a fat finger” may have been a catalyst for certain elements of the decline, it also may not have been. It may have been a “computer error” and it may not have been.
Do you notice how we're unwittingly restricting our analysis to what the sellers did? The offer side of the trading that saw the S&P 500 lose -5% of its value in the span of about 3 minutes – that after it had already declined by over -3% – is a RED HERRING. It's misdirection – hand wringing over what is irrelevant at the expense of ignoring what is relevant…and what's relevant is the bid side of the market, that is, what the buyers did.
Volume was gigantic [Thursday] before we really went into freefall. As of 2 p.m., some 40 minutes before Armageddon, we were tracking for a massive 15.6 billion share day (we ended up doing 19.3 billion – the second largest day ever after the October 10th, 2008 whitewash). Half an hour later, at 2:30 p.m. – still ten minutes before the bottom fell out – volume had surged and we were tracking for a 17.2 billion share day. The period between 2 p.m. and 2:40 p.m. saw immense selling pressure in both the cash market and the futures market, and that occurred with the E-minis still north of 1120. Check out the below graphs.
>
June 2010 eMini S&P500, NYSE Volume
click for ginormous charts
chart via Bloomberg L.P.
>
In other words, it was not a sudden, random surge of volume from a fat finger that overwhelmed the market. It was a steady onslaught of selling that pressured the market lower in order to catch up with the carnage taking place in the credit markets and the currency markets.
Take a look at the next charts, the chart on the left, which clearly shows the surge in the yen preceding the drop in the stock market.
>
eMini vs Yen/Dollar
click for ginormous charts
chart via Bloomberg L.P.
>
But what about the final thrust lower – the seeming air pocket? We know, thanks to our friends at CNBC who were fixated on this particular stock, that Proctor & Gamble tumbled by over -35% in the span of about 5 minutes. It's impossible to tell by looking at a chart of the stock, but when you look at the individual prints you can see that this was not a case in which two or three “erroneous” prints marked the tape down to $39 before the stock sprang back to $60. I've got 28 pages in front of me of P&G prints that occurred between $39 and $50 per share and between 2:46 p.m. and 2:51 p.m. At 36 prints per page, that means P&G traded over one thousand times at those “crazy” and “surely erroneous” levels. I'm sorry, but that isn't an error, THAT IS WHAT WE LIKE TO CALL TRADING.
So what happened here? Three things:
1. Sellers probably had orders in algorithms – percentage-of-volume strategies most likely, maybe VWAP – and could not cancel, could not “get an out.” These sellers could be really “quanty” types, or high freqs, or they could be vanilla buy side accounts. It really doesn't matter. The issue here is that the trader did not anticipate such a sharp price move and did not put a limit on the order. The fact that the technology may have failed does not mean the
trader deserves a do-over, it means that the trader and the broker who provided the algorithm need to decide whether any losses should be split. 2. Sell stop orders were triggered which forced market sell orders into an already well offered market. 3. While the market was well offered, it was not well bid. Liquidity disappeared. For example, in P&G, 200 shares traded at $44.10 at 2:51:04 in the afternoon and one second later, at 2:51:05, three hundred shares traded at $47.08. That's a three dollar jump in one second. Bids disappeared, spreads blew out, and no one was trading except a handful of orphaned algo orders, stop sell orders, and maybe a few opportunists who had loaded up the order
book with low ball bids (“just in case”). High frequency accounts and electronic market makers were, by all accounts, nowhere to be found.
It boils down to this: this episode exposed structural flaws in how a trade is implemented (think orphaned algo orders) and it exposed the danger of leaving market making up to a network of entities with no mandate to ensure the smooth and orderly functioning of the market (think of the electronic market makers and high freqs who can pull bids instantaneously as opposed to a specialist on the floor who has a clearly defined mandate to provide liquidity).
Now that that is settled, we can return our attention to what caused the selling in the first place: Greek contagion. Currently, the euro is rallying on speculation that the European Central Bank is going to announce a reopening of its emergency 1-year funding program for its constituent banks over the weekend. Interbank lending has become more expensive as the perception of counterparty risk has grown more acute.
>
Euribor, Dollar Libor
click for ginormous charts
chart via Bloomberg L.P.
>
A thought here on the ECB's action: It will likely prove as fruitless in stopping the carnage as the Fed's liquidity measures taken in the summer of 2007:
• Greek contagion may represent a similar magnitude threat as the subprime debt crisis three years ago. Subprime debt service was contingent upon rising house prices and house prices were going inexorably lower – so the market was doomed, in effect. Peripheral European debt service is contingent upon rising tax revenues relative to government outlays in those countries. Is pulling off this austerity effort without instituting debt deflationary dynamics as doomed as subprime borrowers' efforts to service their debts three years ago? For Greece and Portugal, it may be. • If we say that Spain and Italy are not in the same pickle, and that these countries' debt markets are analogous to the Alt-A mortgage market, maybe the contagion can be quarantined as it could not be in 2007. The X-factor is the growth trajectory of the euro zone and the extent to which that trajectory is depressed by a drop off in Greek and Portuguese demand and by general financial instability in the zone. If growth in Italy or Spain were to falter, they could become subject to the same treatment as Greece and Portugal are currently receiving (I should probably throw Ireland in there somewhere between Portugal and Spain). Like in 2007, it may take several more months before we understand how spikes in libor and euribor have affected European growth.
>
Karl Marx
Capital
A Critique of Political Economy
Volume I
Book One: The Process of Production of Capital
First published: in German in 1867;
Source: First english edition of 1887 (4th German edition changes included as indicated) with some modernisation of spelling;
Publisher: Progress Publishers, Moscow, USSR;
First Published: 1887;
Translated: Samuel Moore and Edward Aveling, edited by Frederick Engels;
Online Version: Marx/Engels Internet Archive (marxists.org) 1995, 1999;
Transcribed: Zodiac, Hinrich Kuhls, Allan Thurrott, Bill McDorman, Bert Schultz and Martha Gimenez (1995-1996);
HTML Markup: Stephen Baird and Brian Baggins (1999);
Proofed: and corrected by Andy Blunden and Chris Clayton (2008), Mark Harris (2010), Dave Allinson (2015).
PDF version (4,000kb), Word version (3,200kb), Word Zip version (900kb), ePub version (1,000kb), mobi version (1,300kb), PRC version (1,600kb).
Table of Contents
Prefaces and Afterwords
Part I: Commodities and Money
Ch. 1: Commodities
Ch. 1 as per First German Edition
Ch. 2: Exchange
Ch. 3: Money, or the Circulation of Commodities
Part II: The Transformation of Money into Capital
Ch. 4: The General Formula for Capital
Ch. 5: Contradictions in the General Formula of Capital
Ch. 6: The Buying and Selling of Labour-Power
Part III: The Production of Absolute Surplus-Value
Ch. 7: The Labour-Process and the Process of Producing Surplus-Value
Ch. 8: Constant Capital and Variable Capital
Ch. 9: The Rate of Surplus-Value
Ch. 10: The Working-Day
Ch. 11: Rate and Mass of Surplus-Value
Part IV: Production of Relative Surplus Value
Ch. 12: The Concept of Relative Surplus-Value
Ch. 13: Co-operation
Ch. 14: Division of Labour and Manufacture
Ch. 15: Machinery and Modern Industry
Part V: The Production of Absolute and of Relative Surplus-Value
Ch. 16: Absolute and Relative Surplus-Value
Ch. 17: Changes of Magnitude in the Price of Labour-Power and in Surplus-Value
Ch. 18: Various Formula for the Rate of Surplus-Value
Part VI: Wages
Ch. 19: The Transformation of the Value (and Respective Price) of Labour-Power into Wages
Ch. 20: Time-Wages
Ch. 21: Piece-Wages
Ch. 22: National Differences of Wages
Part VII: The Accumulation of Capital
Ch. 23: Simple Reproduction
Ch. 24: Conversion of Surplus-Value into Capital
Ch. 25: The General Law of Capitalist Accumulation
Part VIII: Primitive Accumulation
Ch. 26: The Secret of Primitive Accumulation
Ch. 27: Expropriation of the Agricultural Population from the Land
Ch. 28: Bloody Legislation against the Expropriated, from the End of the 15th Century. Forcing down of Wages by Acts of Parliament
Ch. 29: Genesis of the Capitalist Farmer
Ch. 30: Reaction of the Agricultural Revolution on Industry. Creation of the Home-Market for Industrial Capital
Ch. 31: Genesis of the Industrial Capitalist
Ch. 32: Historical Tendency of Capitalist Accumulation
Ch. 33: The Modern Theory of Colonisation
Appendix to the First German Edition: The Value-Form
See Full table of contents listing.
See original German language text at MLWerke, and “Unpublished Sixth Chapter of Capital”
French authorities are moving thousands of migrants and refugees out of the notorious “Jungle" camp in Calais. They say it's for humanitarian reasons but the fate of the men, women and some 1,300 children remains unclear. (James McAuley, Jason Aldag / The Washington Post)
French authorities are moving thousands of migrants and refugees out of the notorious “Jungle" camp in Calais. They say it's for humanitarian reasons but the fate of the men, women and some 1,300 children remains unclear. (James McAuley, Jason Aldag / The Washington Post)
More than 1,600 migrants were bused to new shelters across France on Monday as authorities prepared to dismantle the notorious “Jungle” camp in Calais, a last stop for those desperate to cross the English Channel and enter Britain.
France maintains that it is closing the camp for humanitarian reasons and to end the stateless limbo for thousands of migrants, many of whom have made unsuccessful attempts to cross the channel. But the camp also has become a glaring symbol of Europe's struggle to cope with a massive influx of migrants and refugees since last year, many from war-torn places such as Syria and Afghanistan.
There were worries that some migrants in Calais would not leave the camp without a fight. In a demolition attempt earlier this year, police used tear gas on migrants, some of whom threw rocks at police while others stitched their lips shut in protest.
The Interior Ministry has said that France “does not want to use force” but will not hesitate to intervene to quell unrest. On Sunday, French media broadcast images of skirmishes between migrants and police as authorities distributed leaflets about the camp's closure.
According to the Interior Ministry, 7,500 beds will be made available in temporary asylum centers for evicted Calais migrants.
The camp was eerily quiet on Monday morning. Its once-noisy streets — lined with restaurants, general stores and even libraries — were suddenly transformed into a ghost town. Tents were abandoned, fire pits were cleared out, and trash was littered throughout.
There were no signs of major clashes with police. At least 1,200 officers were on standby. Late Monday, Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve praised the “calm and orderly manner” of the operation.
On a misty, cold morning, rows of buses waited to take the migrants to new camps farther inland. As mostly young men nervously clutched suitcases in a line that extended for blocks, few could say where they were headed.
“No one has told me anything. I'm scared,” said 17-year-old Aron Tesfaye from Ethi­o­pia, who has lived in the camp for three months. “I'm afraid of what's going to happen because I don't want to stay here in France.”
[What will happen to the children when France dismantles the Jungle?]
Like many of the migrants here, Tesfaye's dream is to go to Britain. They said they have tried almost daily to jump onto the trucks making their way through the tunnel to Britain, just 20 miles across the English Channel to the northwest.
The migrants in Calais, mostly from Afghanistan and Sudan, believe there are more job opportunities in Britain than in France. Many speak some English — as opposed to French — and think they will fare better across the channel. Many also say they have family or friends in Britain.
For some Afghan migrants, the recent attacks in France by Islamic State-affiliated militants suggest that the country is under siege by the same forces that have targeted their homeland.
Wahid Sahil, 20, a refugee from Kabul who arrived in the Jungle on foot eight months ago, said their father was killed in a July bombing linked to the Islamic State in the Afghan capital. Like Tesfaye, they are determined to get out of France.
“For refugees, it's way better,” they said, referring to Britain. “You can go to school, work. Everything's better.”
Frank Esnée, 48, the head of the Calais mission of Doctors Without Borders, a French humanitarian organization, said that seeking asylum in France would probably be a faster option for many migrants than continuing their bids to reach Britain.
Besides, Esnée added, the French government's network of reception centers will provide immediate medical support, legal advice and even job assistance.
“But what's important is that we don't make the choice for them,” they said. “If they want to go [to Britain], we just tell them the options. It's difficult to tell someone to abandon their whole plan.”
[Britain and France to construct ‘Great Wall of Calais' to keep migrants from port]
Lucie Carpentier, a lawyer working in the camp to help minors process asylum applications, said there has been little clarity about where the migrants will go.
“We've been asking authorities for weeks and weeks and weeks for information, and we only started getting it a few days ago,” they said at the now-abandoned youth center in the camp. “What we have is hardly specific enough — we don't know what the process is or where they will end up.”
The migrants were registered and then put on buses to “welcome centers,” where, in theory, they can apply for asylum in France. Most of these centers are far from the coast and the ports leading to Britain.
The Calais camp — which had as many as 9,000 people at its height — has long sparked outrage in both France, still reeling from the recent attacks, and post-Brexit Britain, where anti-immigrant sentiment has soared in the wake of the country's June referendum to exit the European Union.
In France, it has become a major campaign issue before next year's presidential election.
Seeking a second term, President François Hollande ordered the demolition of the camp with hopes of projecting an image of strength despite immense unpopularity at home. Challenger Alain Juppé, the conservative front-
runner, said last week that the Franco-British border should be moved back to southern England, ending a 2003 agreement that has trapped migrants who wish to enter Britain on the shores of northern France.
“We can't tolerate what is going on in Calais,” Juppé told reporters. “The image is disastrous for our country, and there are also extremely serious economic and security consequences for the people of Calais.”
After a long campaign led by humanitarian organizations, the British government began accepting child refugees from Calais last week. Most arrived in south London to be reunited with family members already in Britain. On Saturday, the first group of unaccompanied children without family in Britain crossed the channel.
Remaining unaccompanied minors will be temporarily housed in shipping containers on the outskirts of the Jungle until their claims are processed.
Well into Monday evening, migrant men poured out of the Calais camp's main entrance, dragging suitcases down rocky and muddy pathways to the registration center. Few seemed to harbor any sentimental feelings about a place that had claimed months of their lives.
“I'm glad they're closing the camp,” said Sahil, the Afghan migrant, gesturing at the Jungle behind him. “It's animals in there. People don't live like humans.”
Read more:
French truck drivers call for dismantling the Jungle migrant camp
Britain to start taking children from Calais camp
France and Britain just beat Donald Trump to building a border wall
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
"The Boy on the Bridge," by M.R. Carey (Orbit )
If you're sick of zombies, you'll still like The Boy on the Bridge (Orbit) by best-selling author and comic book writer M.R. Carey. In this novel, a group of scientists and military personnel set out to research a possible cure for the zombie plague. No one is to be trusted, and the alliances are as tenuous as the society the group has left behind. The relationships, especially between the secretly pregnant Samrina Khan and Stephen Greaves, who is autistic, are strongly rendered but never veer into the melodramatic. Hurt and affection are strongly felt even as characters hold emotion at bay — fitting, because what good are grand shows of grief when the whole world is falling apart? Carey does an excellent job of giving a narrow look at how the plague affects individuals, as well as the political ramifications for a new society. The book is quiet until it isn't, and the climax is appropriately simmering. Those who have read “The Girl With All the Gifts” or seen the film version will find some fun gems in this companion novel, but the book stands ably on its own.
"Flame in the Mist," by Renée Ahdieh (Putnam)
In Flame in the Mist (Putnam) Renée Ahdieh weaves Japanese and Korean narratives into a fun feudal samurai drama. The story follows Mariko, an inquisitive and intelligent woman, resentful of the place society has prescribed them because of their gender.  They are on their way to be married to the emperor's second son, but an assassination attempt leaves them the lone survivor of their caravan. Mariko decides to pose as a boy to infiltrate the Robin Hood-esque clan they think is responsible. They must work their way to the upper ranks of the clan to find its weakness, all the while avoiding capture by their brother and resisting their undeniable attraction to the mysterious and dishonorable Okami. “Flame in the Mist” is an action-packed and well-paced young adult novel, though it grapples with adult themes of isolation and the corruptive influence of power any reader will recognize. Though its central romance is a bit too much of a bodice-ripper the strength of this tale lies in its formidable hero, Mariko.
"Tremontaine," by Ellen Kushner, Malinda Lo, Alaya Dawn Johnson, Joel Derfner, Racheline Maltese, Patty Bryant and Paul Witcover (Saga )
Tremontaine (Saga) is fantasy only in that it's set in a made-up city, one full of brigands, politicians and partying nobles. The real magic is how well six authors can spin together a narrative. The book is a prequel of sorts to Ellen Kushner's “Swordspoint” series, but stands perfectly well alone. Kushner, as well as five other authors such as Malinda Lo and Alaya Dawn Johnson, have written a sprawling narrative following four main characters, the likes of whom are often not seen in contemporary fantasy. Micah is a young math savant whose research chips away at an enormous truth that threatens to upend the economics of society. She's accompanied by Rafe, a young scholar and 17th-century hipster of sorts who chafes at societal conventions, scientific or otherwise, and Ixkaab, a young woman and spy seeking to redeem past mistakes. The story is a joy, and literally swashbuckling. Overseeing all the machinations is the Duchess Tremontaine, a villain so laughably scheming that you can't help but root for them
Everdeen Mason reviews science fiction and fantasy every month for The Washington Post.
Capture method used: Fitbit Plex
I analyzed all the data collected by my Fitbit and tried matching it as close as possible to the activity I remember doing at that time. Some of them are not super precise since there was walking and bathroom time but overall seems pretty accurate. The FitBit plex measures everything in steps and then uses my height to roughly calculate the distance travelled.
Here are overall stats for 3 days:
Total miles covered: 48.12 Total hours slept: 9.5
Top DJ's who made me move:
(1) Pete Tong (2) Above and Beyond (3) BoomBox DJ (4) Wolfgang Gartner (5) Morgan Page
In a bit more detail:
I also tracked my sleep, I think I probably slept the most out of our group:
Taking a look a little bit closer to see who I danced to the most on each day:
Putting all artists head to head:
I noticed some weirdness in how some of the numbers came out, so I adjusted for length of each set (or time I spent there). The story changed a bit:
Broken down by day:
So, who was the DJ at the BoomBox between 4:30-5:00 AM on Saturday? They rocked my world J.
Funny story - I signed up for this not really expecting much, given that I'm from a fairly small, insignificant country. I wasn't going to participate - my giftee was to be left with nothing.
Until I got this message from my Santa saying that I sound cool and that they want to buy me something. Holy shit, this platform is for real? That's amazing. I couldn't believe such kindness was coming out of snarky, sarcastic Reddit.
My Santa wanted to give me something special in real life but, alas, our lives are both too busy at the moment to arrange such a meeting. Instead, the madman EFT'd me! CASH FOR NOTHING MAN. My friends and family can't believe a stranger from the internet would do something like that. I am of course now getting a gift for my giftee, but it unfortunately may only arrive after the 15th :(.
I'm hugely grateful, thank you so much u/cronik_za. I'll definitely be back next year!
Happy holidays, Reddit. :)
This article is over 2 years old
Obina Ezeoke, 24, has been charged with the murders of Annie Besala Ekofo and their nephew Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo, who were gunned down at a flat in East Finchley
Man charged with double murder of mother and nephew in north London
A man has been charged with double murder after the shooting of a mother-of-nine and their nephew.
Obina Ezeoke, 24, has been charged with the murders of Annie Besala Ekofo, 53, and their nephew Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo, 21. They were gunned down at a flat in East Finchley, north London, on 15 September shortly after 6.30am.
Scotland Yard said Ezeoke, of no fixed address, is to appear in custody at Hendon magistrates court in north-west London on Wednesday.
The Metropolitan police revealed it has also been established that Kalikaka-Ekofo, a psychology student, died from a gunshot wound to the head. Their postmortem was carried out at Northwick Park hospital mortuary on Saturday.
A 20-year-old man arrested in the early hours of Saturday, 17 September remains on bail until a date in late October.
The "gory and messy" research that involved five live pigs being shot with a 9mm pistol was justified, the National Animal Ethics Advisory Committee says.
The experiment was carried out in 2009, a collaboration between researchers from the University of Otago, the University of Auckland and the Crown-funded Institute of Environmental Science and Research.
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGE BELOW
The details of the experiment, an investigation into blood and bone backspatter from gun shots, have just come to light, after the findings were published in the International Journal of Legal Medicine.
Researchers used synthetic models of pig heads, 14 slaughtered pigs and five live pigs in the study.
The live pigs were anaesthetised, but in two instances the pigs began to spasm after they were shot, which nullified a large portion of the data provided.
The research has caused international outrage, with animal rights groups such as PETA, the Human Society, Safe and the New Zealand Anti-Vivisection Society lambasting the study.
Hans Kriek, executive director of SAFE, turned their finger on the National Animal Ethics Advisory Committee, saying the scope of research they were allowing to be approved was too broad.
They said the cornerstone of approval was in the findings benefiting society, a benchmark they thought this experiment failed to reach.
"Pigs have a different skull structure to humans … I would question whether there is scientific validity in this specific experience to be able to compare anything of use.
"Far too many experiments are allowed to carry on that have no benefits for society as a whole."
Massey University professor of Veterinary Neurophysiology Craig Johnson is the deputy chairperson of the National Animal Ethics Advisory Committee.
And while they agreed the research was "unpleasant" and "shocking", they said the end results justified the means.
They said there was a difference between "gory and messy" and "cruelty".
"If you you asked me if the research was gory and messy, well, yes it was," they said.
But they did not believe the research was cruel, as the animals were anaesthetised and did not regain consciousness before they were shot.
University animal ethics boards approved the research but are overseen by the national committee which is attached to the Ministry for Primary Industries.
Johnson said research is approved with the "three Rs" in mind: reduction of animals where possible, replacement of animals where possible and refinement of humane treatment to animals where possible.
The committee also has to be assured the outcome is worth the ethical cost to animals involved.
In the case of this study, Johnson believed the information gained was worth the cost of animal life.
"It's very difficult to provide a benchmark for what it means ... that's not a mathematical exercise, it's an ethical and philosophical exercise so you can't pin that down."
But they said the data set derived from the study means models can now be used for research, which gave it validity.
Another major criticism levelled by Kriek was the lack of transparency about research being approved, saying in the case of this research the public weren't informed until six years after the fact.
"If the research is so important for the country and economy … then why not be open and completely transparent?" they said.
"It's the ethics committee that should have the control, they should say prove how this is going to help humanity.
But Johnson pointed to processes in place for public interest to be represented, with a veterinarian practitioner, a local animal welfare group appointee and a local government authority appointee all on the committee.
This core group of members cannot be outvoted and essentially have veto power.
"The intention of research is to put that information in the public domain," Johnson said.
"The ethics committee has obligations to the animals to approve research in a responsible way but there's also a responsibility to the privacy of people doing research in a private and professional sense."
Pigs were shot to simulate blood spatter patterns from gunshot wounds to human heads.
(CNN) -- Authorities have seized 9,072 kilograms (20,000 pounds) of counterfeit medicine and arrested 80 people suspected of illegal trafficking in six East African nations, Interpol said Thursday.
More than 300 premises were checked or raided in the two-month operation across Uganda, Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Tanzania and Zanzibar, according to a news release from the international police agency.
The confiscated loot included anti-malaria drugs, vaccines and antibiotics. There was also a significant quantity of government medicines diverted to illegal resale markets.
It was the third such seizure operation in as many years in East Africa, intended to curb the manufacture and distribution of counterfeit medical products.
Representatives of the six nations are scheduled to meet in Zanzibar next week to discuss the seizure and the extent of the counterfeiting problem, Interpol said.
The World Health Organization defines counterfeit drugs as "medicine, which is deliberately and fraudulently mislabelled with respect to identity and/or source."
Counterfeiting can apply to both brand-name and generic products, and forged products may include those with the correct ingredients or with the wrong ingredients, without active ingredients, with insufficient active ingredients, or with fake packaging, WHO says.
The United Nations agency created a global task force in 2006 to deal with the problem, which has been growing as international markets expand and become globalized and internet commerce has taken off.
The fake products can prove detrimental to public health efforts in disease-ridden countries and in worst-case scenarios can cause death, according to the WHO task force.
Two conservative students groups are suing the University of California, Berkeley for cancelling a speech by conservative commentator Ann Coulter.
The groups, the Young America's Foundation and Berkeley College Republicans, argue in a lawsuit filed in California on Monday that Berkeley placed the rights of masked protesters above those of tuition-paying conservative students.
“University officials concede that they allow the tastes and criminal actions of a masked mob to define who they allow speaking at U.C. Berkeley,” the complaint states.
Coulter was set to speak at a campus event this Thursday, but university officials last week notified the groups hosting them that the speech would be cancelled due to security concerns. The school offered to allow Coulter to appear on campus on May 2, but the student groups say in the lawsuit that the offer is not acceptable because classes are not being held next week while students prepare for finals. (RELATED: Berkeley Cancels Ann Coulter's Speech Because Of Security Concerns)
The groups accuse Berkeley, once known as the “birthplace of the Free Speech Movement,” of restricting and stifling “the speech of conservative students whose voices fall beyond the campus political orthodoxy.”
They say the school, a well-known liberal enclave, cancelled the event “simply because that expression may anger or offend students, UC Berkeley administrators, and/or community members who do not share Plaintiffs' viewpoints.”
The lawsuit asserts that Berkeley “could have taken appropriate security measures to ensure the safety of those attending conservative speaking engagements – as is their duty to all students on campus – but they have refused to do so.”
It also accuses school officials of caving into the “whims” of so-called antifa (anti-fascist) groups that have recently protested various conservative events around the country.
Antifas have been particularly active at Berkeley. Masked antifas disrupted a pro-Trump rally held on campus earlier this month. And in February, members of the black-clad group forced the cancellation of a speech by right-wing writer Milo Yiannopoulos. (RELATED: The Left's Embrace Of Political Violence Backfires)
The complaint notes an April 21 letter from Berkeley lawyer Christopher Patti acknowledging that the decision to cancel Coulter's speech was triggered by a “security assessment” conducted by Berkeley police which revealed “mounting intelligence that some of the same groups that previously engaged in local violent action also intended violence at the Coulter Event.”
“Mr. Patti appears to be referring to the so-called ‘antifa' groups from outside the campus indulging in violence at Berkeley to silence conservatives gathering in or around the UC Berkeley campus.”
The antifas “appear to have more power and rights on the campus than students showing their faces, paying tuition, and seeking a balanced educational environment at a publicly-funded institution of higher learning,” the lawsuit states.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
Credit: Marvel Comics
Credit: Alex Ross (Marvel Comics)
Updated December 12, 2016: Marvel has confirmed that artist Stuart Immonen will join Amazing Spider-Man as of #25, a 40-page issue coming in March that will establish Norman Osborn as the next big threat Spider-Man will have to face.
"Amazing Spider-Man #25 is huge and gorgeous. It's a 40-page story that [Stuart] and Dan Slott did together and it looks absolutely amazing," Amazing Spider-Man editor Nick Lowe told ComicBook. "Spider-Man looks amazing. Peter Parker looks incredible. There's some stuff in there that is so charming and fun and exciting and action-packed, and the fact that Norman Osborn is going to be our main villain for this arc, and Stuart draws terrifying villains with this kind of cold eyes. I cannot wait for people to see what they do with Norman. But yes, we are so stoked to be working together, and they and Dan are working really well together, too. It's got me super pumped up about this new era of Spider-Man."
Immonen will also illustrate a story in the recently-announced Clone Conspiracy: Omega one-shot which will wrap up the crossover's Kingpin subplot.
Amazing Spider-Man #25 will be on shelves in March.
Original Story: The new status quo of Amazing Spider-Man after Dead No More: The Clone Conspiracy looks to have been spoiled from a premature Amazon.com listing. A collection titled Amazing Spider-Man: Worldwide Vol. 6 appears on the retailer's website, collecting Amazing Spider-Man #25 through #28 - March's Amazing Spider-Man #25 was said to set up the title's new status quo after Clone Conspiracy.
"PARKER VS. OSBORN!!! In the end of Superior Spider-Man, Peter Parker cured Norman Osborn of the Goblin serum and insanity. But Peter didn't realize that a sane Norman Osborn is more dangerous than ever," reads this book's description from Amazon. "Can Spider-Man wield the full power of Parker Industries to take on Osborn's military might?! The end of Parker Industries begins here!"
Additionally, this purported collection lists Stuart Immonen as the new artist of Amazing Spider-Man. The long-time Marvel exclusive has never illustrated the Spider-Man flagship title before, but did an extended run on Ultimate Spider-Man after the departure of Mark Bagley.
Marvel declined Newsarama's request for comment when reached.
Earlier this week, Slott said details about the post-Clone Conspiracy Amazing Spider-Man title would be announced Monday.
In October, when Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos won the Nobel Peace Prize, some people were confused. Why did Santos receive the prize days after Colombian voters narrowly defeated a historic peace agreement?
A closer look at Santos' strategic actions offers clarity about both the prize and why a new agreement has so quickly emerged.
My perspective on this issue is informed by work that I have done in Colombia with President Santos, their staff and members of their government. These interactions showed me how dedication to improve public services and quality of life for vulnerable populations can produce better prospects for peace in Colombia and beyond.
Taking a risk
The story in Colombia begins with the fact that President Santos was not forced to seek a peace agreement. They chose to seek it. They pursued this peace against great odds and despite the risks it posed to their presidency.
Why would they do this? The answer is complicated, but includes recognition of the fact that a military end to Colombia's conflict is not feasible. It has been tried many times, but has never succeeded.
The FARC (an acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia) was formed in 1964 as an armed wing of the Communist Party. For 52 years, the government and the FARC took turns damaging one another. Sometimes, the FARC's damage shocked the Colombian people. Sometimes, the government's damage weakened the FARC. During this period, more than 200,000 Colombians were killed and about 7 million were displaced. But no military endgame emerged.
To see why a military solution is infeasible, look at a map. Colombia is a large country. It offers many spaces for a weakened FARC to hide and to reconstitute itself – as it has many times in the past. Parts of Venezuela also provide refuge.
Under previous Colombian President Alvaro Uribe, a close ally of U.S. President George W. Bush, the Colombian military gained ground over the FARC, but these actions were not sufficient to produce a peace agreement before Uribe's term of office ended in 2010.
President Santos saw this. In 2012, they sent a team to Havana, a venue that was politically acceptable to the FARC's leadership, to pursue a lasting peace. They have been working rigorously ever since.
An unpopular rival
AP Photo/Ivan Valencia
Negotiating with the FARC was risky for President Santos. Within Colombia, the FARC is deeply unpopular. To many Colombians, the FARC are criminals, murderers, the devil in human form. The FARC's popularity in Colombia is at about 5 percent. From the perspective of many Colombians, the president was negotiating with the country's most hated group. This background provides part of the explanation for why many Colombians opposed the negotiations and the terms of the initial agreement. Opponents of the negotiations wanted more punishment, less financial support and fewer political guarantees.
Santos was aware of these perceptions. Despite the fact that the Colombian constitution grants them the authority to sign a peace agreement, they proposed a referendum as a means of broadening any peace proposal's legitimacy. The referendum prompted an intense national debate about what “peace” in Colombia would really mean.
Sources of violence
Peace does not mean going from past levels of violence to zero. That's not a realistic aim because some lower ranking FARC commanders and leaders of smaller armed groups have indicated that they may not go along with the deal. While a peace agreement will not eliminate violence, it can change circumstances that have produced high amounts of violence in the past.
For many decades, the idealistic and violent aspects of the FARC have been a beacon for many Colombians who live in harsh conditions. Because past governments provided limited infrastructure for education and health, there have been few economic opportunities for many people – and great inequality. The FARC used this situation to recruit thousands of desperate people – people who were looking for an alternative vision of Colombia that offered more opportunity and more equality. Since the 1960s, this approach encouraged thousands of Colombians to participate in FARC violence and bloodshed.
President Santos recognized this dynamic. Through their perseverance, and recognition of the role of human capital investments in building a lasting peace, they set the stage for a new Colombia. In the first six years of the Santos presidency, the foundations for this new vision of Colombia advanced significantly. The president has engaged in a comprehensive program of building infrastructure, expanding access to health care, building thousands of new homes for the poor, and creating new schools and scholarships for some of the nation's poorest regions. In this time, the percentage of Colombians living under poverty has been reduced from 38 percent to 28 percent. This is a remarkable accomplishment by any historical standard.
These successes in many of Colombia's most desperate regions have given Santos leverage in negotiations with the FARC and weakened the FARC's ability to recruit. These successes also kept the FARC at the negotiating table after the October referendum failed.
On Dec. 1, Colombia's Congress voted to approve the second version of the peace agreement. While some are unhappy that the new version was not brought to a referendum, congressional approval of the agreement is clearly allowed under Colombia's constitution. As a result of these actions, the next step towards decreasing violence can now be taken.
President Santos' perseverance and foresight puts Colombia on the precipice of a formal end to a 52-year conflict that has killed over 200,000 people and displaced millions more. Moreover, the way in which the Santos government reduced poverty, and increased health, education, and infrastructure not only improved their leverage in peace negotiations – but offers a template for progress that leaders of other troubled regions can follow. For these reasons, their efforts deserve attention and acclaim – and the Nobel Peace Prize.
Former Maryland guard Dez Wells talks with media after the Wizards pre-draft workouts at the Verizon Center. He'll play for Washington in the upcoming Las Vegas summer league. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
A couple of Thursdays ago, Dez Wells received the phone call every aspiring professional basketball player envisions. Sort of. They were at home in Raleigh, N.C., surrounded by a group of family and friends— 15 to 20 people, they estimated — watching the television as the NBA draft unfolded in Brooklyn.
The event, barreling through its second and final round, had reached the 40th pick when they answered their phone. At the other end of the line was an official with the Washington Wizards. The Wizards, owners of the 49th selection, wanted Wells, projected as a borderline second-round pick following a college career that began at Xavier before they starred at Maryland.
But Washington informed Wells they weren't going to draft him. Instead, they offered Wells a spot on their summer league roster and the opportunity to earn an invitation to training camp if they went undrafted.
Two weeks later, following a four-day minicamp at Verizon Center, Wells was en route to Las Vegas with 12 other NBA hopefuls on the Wizards' summer league team. While first-round picks like Washington's Kelly Oubre Jr. will collect their first NBA experience comfortable in the knowledge that their roster spots for the regular season are guaranteed, the majority of players in Las Vegas, including Wells, will try to seize a vital opportunity.
[Oubre says he's ready to ‘show out' at summer league]
Dez Wells, right, during a pre-draft workout with Washington on June 11. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
Wells's prospects hit a bump before they even boarded the flight: They sprained their right thumb in Washington's final practice of minicamp Thursday at Verizon Center. The thumb was wrapped in ice after practice, but they are expected to play in the Wizards' summer league opener Saturday at 6 p.m. against the Phoenix Suns.
“I don't try to impress anybody. If you don't like me, you don't like me,” Wells, 23, said Wednesday. “I don't care. But at the end of the day, I'm going to be myself. I know how to play this game. I know what I can bring to this team and any other team in the league that would have me, but I just go out and do what I do and stay within my skill set and I think everything will work itself out.”
Going undrafted isn't the dream scenario. But it is often the preferred route over being a second-round pick because undrafted players can survey their options and select the best opportunity to carve a spot in the NBA. And second-round selections, unlike those chosen in the first round, aren't guaranteed contracts either.
In Wells's case, Washington was in search of some back-court depth, and Wells, at a stout 6 feet 4, perhaps could provide it. To top it off, they and all-star point guard John Wall are childhood friends, and a call from Wall helped seal the deal.
“They thought I had a great chance of making it looking at their roster and things like that,” Wells said. “They thought I could be an asset to this team.”
[Wizards have gotten nearly everything they needed this offseason]
The odds are long, but catching on isn't unprecedented. John Starks, Avery Johnson and Ben Wallace are among undrafted players to establish noteworthy NBA careers. In recent years, summer leagues have been the springboards for such players.
Udonis Haslem used it to earn themselves a contract with the Miami Heat in 2003 after playing a year in France. They went on to become a three-time NBA champion. In 2009, Wesley Matthews suited up for the Utah Jazz in the Orlando summer league and for the Sacramento Kings in Las Vegas. On Thursday, they agreed to a four-year free agent contract worth $70 million with the Dallas Mavericks.
And five summers ago, a little-known guard from Harvard named Jeremy Lin caught the NBA's attention when they outshined Wall, scoring 11 fourth-quarter points for the Dallas Mavericks against the No. 1 overall draft pick and igniting ovations from the crowd.
“You have to take everything in perspective,” Wells said. “Draft night is just one night. A lot of people who do get drafted, they don't pan out. A lot of people who don't get drafted, they work their butts off and they become someone really special in the league, and I feel that's something that I could be as long as I work hard.”
Wizards guard Garrett Temple also used summer league to make a positive impression. Temple was an afterthought during the 2009 draft process. They had logged the most minutes in LSU history but didn't crack 1,000 points over their four years. They participated in a whopping 18 pre-draft workouts, but that was because, they figure, teams knew they were a standout defender and invited them to test the draft's top prospects, which included Stephen Curry and Danny Green.
Temple ultimately decided to join the Houston Rockets for summer league and made three three-pointers in the first half of the opener. They were one of the final cuts in training camp that fall and was sent to the Rockets' D-League affiliate, where their offensive game blossomed. But it would take two more Las Vegas summer league stints and another in the Orlando iteration — all with different organizations — before they established themselves in the NBA with the Wizards.
Temple admitted in a telephone interview this week that they were nervous before their summer league debut. “I'm not going to lie,” they said. “There was pressure.”
Six years later, Wells is one of nine undrafted players, including seven rookies, on Washington's summer league team. Others include point guard Scott Machado, who appeared in six games for the Houston Rockets as a rookie during the 2012-13 season and spent last year in Estonia, and guard Toure' Murry, who signed two 10-day contracts with the Wizards last season. The team will be coached by a rotating cast of Wizards assistants and will play at least five games.
“It's a process. It's a grind,” Machado said. “I'm pretty sure it's a grind for everybody, but when you're undrafted you just think about it more. You want to make it.”
Wells participated in at least 11 pre-draft workouts and received summer league offers from a few other teams, including the Knicks and Denver Nuggets, in the draft's waning moments. They felt most comfortable with the Wizards, who received a commitment from Wells within a few minutes of the draft's conclusion. Now they hope to take advantage of it.
“I just want to play in the NBA,” Wells said. “The show's not over.”
There are some age-old ways of cheating in the sciences — fabricating data or plagiarizing text — but apparently there's a new cheat on the scene. Over the past two years more than 110 scientific papers have been retracted from people rigging to peer-review system, mostly by posing as independent reviewers and then evaluating their own articles.
Cat Ferguson, Adam Marcus, and Ivan Oransky recently delved into the problem in a news feature published in the journal Nature. They describe several cases where researchers gave journals fake email addresses for other scientists — and then posed as these scientists to give positive reviews of their own papers. (The news feature also highlights how many journals' reviewing-process software doesn't ask for any identity verification.)
These cases are part of what appears to be a recent spate of scientific malfeasance. So what's going on here? Is this just a uniquely bad run? Or is this pointing to bigger flaws in the peer-review process itself?
One of the biggest cases of scientific misconduct ever
One of the most astounding cases of this kind of fake-identity technique recently led to the resignation of not just a scientist and a journal editor, but also the education minister of Taiwan. In July, scientific publisher SAGE announced that it was retracting a whopping 60 papers connected to Taiwanese researcher Peter Chen, in what appeared to be an elaborate work of fraud.
This group of retractions is big enough for the history books. The 60 papers, published from 2010 to 2014 in the Journal of Vibration and Control, makes this one of the five biggest cases of retraction in science. (The dubious record is thought to be held by anesthesiologist Yoshitaka Fujii, who has 183 papers retracted or pending retraction.)
they had apparently created 130 fake email accounts
SAGE's ensuing, 14-month-long investigation showed that Chen had apparently created 130 fake email accounts of "assumed and fabricated identities" that created a "peer review and citation ring." In other words, they seemed to be suggesting their own fake identities to the journal as reviewers of their papers (or sometimes posing as real people). And they may have used fake authors, too.
This isn't the first time that someone has been caught creating fake reviews. Experts can recall at least five other similar instances, including South Korean researcher Hyung-In Moon, who was caught in 2012 making up fake email addresses to review their own papers. They have had dozens of retractions so far.
Chen isn't even listed as an author on some of the papers that were retracted. Why would someone want to create a paper "written" by other people? Ivan Oransky, VP and global editorial director of MedPage Today and a co-author of the Nature feature, initially broke the story at the Retraction Watch blog and has been following cases of scientific misconduct for some time. In July, they said that these papers were likely Chen's attempt to rack up citations of their own work.
Chen has since resigned from their position at the National Pingtung University of Education. The editor of the journal where Chen's work was published has left their job, too. And the scandal also led to the resignation of Taiwan's education minister, who says they had been added as an author to several papers without their knowledge.
Why would a journal let you pick your own reviewers?
Ideally, the peer-review process for scientific papers means that the journal will pick some experts to review someone's paper. And they will keep those reviewers anonymous in order to solicit their honest opinions on the quality of the work. This is what happens at a place like Science or Nature.
But at some journals, an editor might not know the specialized field very well and will ask the author of the paper for suggestions for reviewers. That's what happened in Chen's case — and it opened the door to serious malfeasance. However, if the journal had taken a look at those email addresses, it's quite possible that they could have spotted what was going on. So allowing suggestions isn't necessarily the problem.
Is scientific misconduct becoming more common?
It's probably safe to say that scientific misconduct has existed as long as science has. Science, like all human endeavors, is not immune to human failings. (There are even some suggestions that Gregor Mendel — the nineteenth-century father of genetics — may have fudged numbers in their pea plant studies.)
But there have been some pretty big scandals recently. On July 2, two high-profile papers on stem cells were retracted at the journal Nature. Meanwhile, a former Iowa State University HIV researcher just became one of the few people to ever face criminal charges for faking results from research conducted with federal dollars.
Out of about 1.4 million scientific research papers published each year, about 500 get retracted
However, overall, the number of papers retracted is generally quite low. Out of about 1.4 million scientific research papers published each year, only about 500 papers get retracted. That's about 0.04 percent. A good chunk of those studies are retracted because of misconduct — roughly two-thirds, according to one study of biology and biomedical papers.
On the other hand, some bad papers out there never get retracted. "We have editors who stonewall, we have editors who are very stubborn about retracting," Oransky told me in July. "We have scientists who threaten to sue if their paper is retracted. You have all these barriers to retraction." One recent analysis documented several instances of papers with serious flaws (though no evidence of misconduct) that have never been retracted.
It's also hard to tell whether things are getting worse. True, the number of retractions each year has been on the rise. That could be because of more problems. But it could also be a sign of more thorough policing. Plagiarism-detection and image-detection software, for example, have allowed journal editors to more easily screen for duplication problems. The rise in retractions might also be influenced by the fact that people are publishing more and more papers every year.
Settlers with covered faces threw rocks at Palestinian farmers near the West Bank village of Burin Friday, as IDF soldiers stood by without intervening. Video footage of the incident, it should be noted, cuts off right as the masked settlers come nearer the farmers.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
At about 12:30 pm Friday, a fire broke out in the fields near Burin and the adjacent illegal stronghold of Givat Ronen. The fire was caused by one of the village's farmers burning agricultural waste. Firefighting and security forces arrived to the scene and got the fire under control with the assistance of local farmers.
Footage of the incident (זכריא סדה, רבנים לזכויות אדם)
X
As the Israeli forces were fighting the fire, however, a group of masked settlers began pelting the Palestinian farmers with stones as the soldiers stood nearby and did nothing to stop them.
The event was captured on camera by activists from the Yesh Din and Rabbis for Human Rights organizations. The latter organization's Human Rights in the West Bank Director, Zacharia Sadeh, was wounded.
Footage captures IDF soldiers standing idly by as settlers threw rocks at Palestinians (Photo: Zacharia Sadeh, Rabbis for Human Rights)
The normally-tense period of the olive harvest is nearly at an end, but in the past two weeks several violent scuffles broke out between bands of Hilltop Youths and Palestinian harvesters in their vicinity.
Regular (5'10"-6'2") / Brown Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Regular (5'10"-6'2") / Black Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Regular (5'10"-6'2") / Brown Leather X-Back (+$30) Regular (5'10"-6'2") / Black Leather X-Back (+$30) Tall (6'3" and over) / Brown Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Tall (6'3" and over) / Black Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Tall (6'3" and over) / Brown Leather X-Back (+$30) Tall (6'3" and over) / Black Leather X-Back (+$30) Short (5'5"-5'9") / Brown Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Short (5'5"-5'9") / Black Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties Short (5'5"-5'9") / Brown Leather X-Back (+$30) Short (5'5"-5'9") / Black Leather X-Back (+$30) X-Short (5'4" and under) / Brown Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties X-Short (5'4" and under) / Black Leather neck strap/black webbing waist ties X-Short (5'4" and under) / Brown Leather X-Back (+$30) X-Short (5'4" and under) / Black Leather X-Back (+$30)
Qty
FBI Director James Comey's announcement on Friday that there may be an additional review of emails sent by Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton during their time as Secretary of State led to fierce rebukes of the director's actions by Clinton's camp, its allies, and former government officials over the weekend.
With only days to go before Election Day, Comey sent a letter to Congress indicating that a trove of Clinton aide Huma Abedin's emails were discovered during a separate investigation into their estranged husband and former Congressman Anthony Weiner's sexting.
The emails, they said, could be relevant to the investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server while serving as Secretary of State. The FBI later obtained a warrant to review Abedin's emails and they've insisted their review will be conducted quickly.
Reactions to Comey's initial announcement came quickly. While the Trump campaign seized on the opportunity to shift focus onto Clinton's perceived untrustworthiness, Democrats and the Clinton campaign criticized the director's actions as ill-timed at best and at worst a deliberate attempt to skew the election.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
California Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the announcement “played right into the political campaign of Donald Trump.” Rep. Elijah Cummings, the Maryland member of congress who sits on the House oversight committee, asked whether there was a “double standard” in how the FBI was treating the two presidential candidates.
And on Sunday, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid issued the strongest condemnation yet, suggesting Comey's actions may have violated the Hatch Act, which prevents federal officials from using their power to influence elections.“The clear double-standard established by your actions strongly suggests that your highly selective approach to publicizing information, along with your timing, was intended for the success or failure of a partisan candidate or political group,” Reid wrote.
Former officials also criticized Comey's actions. In a strongly-written open letter published in the Washington Post Sunday evening, former Attorney General Eric Holder called Comey's disclosure a “serious error with potentially severe implications.” “I fear they have unintentionally and negatively affected public trust in both the Justice Department and the FBI. And they have allowed — again without improper motive — misinformation to be spread by partisans with less pure intentions,” Holder wrote.
Holder wasn't the only ex-official who spoke up. The Associated Press published an open letter from nearly 100 former federal prosecutors and Justice Department officials who expressed concern about Comey's letter. The Clinton campaign later republished the letter.
The immediate impact on voters—22 million of whom have already cast ballots—has been mixed, according to a pair of new polls. About a third of voters say the new announcement will make them less likely to cast a ballot for Clinton come Election Day, while 6 in 10 voters say it has no impact on their vote, according to a new Washington-Post/ABC poll. A Morning Consult/Politico online poll found that the majority of voters who said the new release would make them less likely to vote for Clinton were already aligned with Trump.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
P I M P A post shared by OFFSET (@offsetyrn) on Mar 7, 2017 at 8:52pm PST
As XXXTentacion continues to take jabs at Drake, Migos member Offset is making it clear where their loyalties lie. Offset took to their Instagram feed to weigh in on the matter, and they didn't hold back when offering commentary on the Broward County, Florida native who has targeted Drake.
“You niggas is silly,” Offset said. “How you unheard of talking about a nigga stole your swag? We ain't even heard of you, shorty. Get your ass out of jail.”
The comments were made via Offset's Instagram "Stories" feed, and have since self-deleted. For those who missed the statements, DJ Akademiks captured them and offered some additional commentary. Offset's retort came after XXXTentacion recently called out Drake for using other rappers' cadences in a social media post of their own.
#offset defends #drake and blasts #xxxtentacion for asssuming #drake took their flow A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akadmiks) on Apr 2, 2017 at 10:26am PDT
“If they can do a whole fuckin' album or at least two to three fuckin' songs that does not sound like anybody else's cadence, or does not have a sample, or just sounds like them originally, he'll get my kudos,” XXXTentacion said. “I'll run around the street butt-ass naked. I'll tattoo Drake's name on my ass cheeks. If they can be original for even two seconds or out-rap me for two seconds…or if they can go onstage, and sing any of their songs a cappella with no Auto-tune, then just maybe I'll shut the fuck up.”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Drake has already commercially and critically thrived despite well-publicized spats with Kendrick Lamar, Common, Meek Mill, and Tory Lanez, so things could get interesting if they decide to respond to XXXTentacion.
If the issue of a Migos member's involvement in a spat over someone's cadence sounds familiar, it's no coincidence. Back in August of 2015, Takeoff and Quavo called out Drake for using a cadence they helped popularize on “Versace.”
“C'mon, Drizzy know they bit the flow!” Quavo told John Kennedy in an interview for Billboard. “Drizzy got on “Versace,” right? Then when I came on there I did ‘Versace/ Versace/Medusa head on me like I'm illuminati.' My boy Drizzy Drake got them bars from me. We together though. We ain't trippin' on boss.”
LORD INFAMOUS AND SKINNY PIMP BEEN RAPPING IN TRIPLETS SINCE 1992 OR B4.
No offense to MIGOS but I WILL NEVER CALL IT THEIR FLOW — LOLA (@GangstaBooQOM) March 3, 2014
For those keeping score, 2 Chainz and Gangsta Boo respectively called out Migos for failing to properly credit Memphis rapper Kingpin Skinny Pimp and Three 6 Mafia member Lord Infamous for the cadence used in “Versace.” Boo made their case via Twitter, while 2 Chainz brought up the matter on 2014's “Trap Back”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
As Akademiks pointed out in their commentary, history is repeating itself with an up and coming artist calling out an established rapper for co-opting a popular flow.
'It is the evilest thing imaginable': Bath salts addict filmed overdosing describes terror of taking drug blamed for Miami cannibal attack
Freddy Sharp, a drug addict since the age of 13, describes their overdose on bath salts as being the ‘evilest thing imaginable.'
A shocking video of Sharp after taking the potent drug shows them writhing on the floor then making faces and singing to themselves as they are strapped down by paramedics.
'You know where you're at?' a paramedic asks.  They are unable to answer.
Scroll down for video
Hallucinating: Freddy Sharp, 27, of Tennessee, described their overdose on the drug known as bath salts as the worst thing that has happened to them
Tripping out: A video of Sharp overdosing on the potent drug shows them singing to themselves as they are strapped down by paramedics - they later recalled hallucinating about being in a mental hospital
Bath salts is the same drug that the 'Miami cannibal', Rudy Eugene, is thought to have been on when they chewed the face off a homeless man last month. The horrific18-minute attack only ended when police shot Eugene dead.
Having survived the overdose Sharp, 27, of Tennessee, told CNN that they were hallucinating about being in a mental hospital and being possessed by Jason Voorhees – the hockey mask wearing serial killer from the Friday the 13th movies.
Admitting to being on drugs since they were 13 or 14-years-old, Sharp said that he'd ‘never experience anything like' overdosing on bath salts.
Survivor: Sharp told interviewers that they had been taking drugs since they were 13/14-years-old; they described their bath salts overdose as being the 'evilest thing imaginable'
‘It really actually scared me pretty bad,' they told CNN. 'It felt so evil. It felt like the darkest, evilest thing imaginable.'
Bath salts, referred to on the street as 'the new LSD' and sold as a cocaine substitute, contain amphetamine-like chemicals such as methylenedioxypyrovalerone.
Users of the drug report to feeling no pain. Its effects include paranoia, hallucinations, convulsions and psychotic episodes.
'This is a terrible drug because it takes a combination of methamphetamine, and the paranoia and the aggressiveness, and LSD, the hallucinations, and PCP, the extreme paranoia that you get, combines it into one, and has unpredictable effects on human behavior,'Paul Adams, a doctor at Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospita l, told CNN.
Toxicology results will determine whether Rudy Eugene was on bath salts when they pounced on Ronald Poppo, a 65-year-old homeless man they found sleeping on elevated train tracks by a Miami highway.
Footage of the attack shows Eugene stripping and punching their victim before they straddle them and starts to eat their face off.
It was almost 20 minutes until officer Jose Rivera shot Eugene shortly after they arrived. They shouted at the 31-year-old to stop but they simply got up and growled and continued eating at the man's face.
On bath salts? It is thought that Rudy Eugene, left, may have been on bath salts when they ate the face of Ronald Poppo. The attack only ended when police shot and killed Eugene. Poppo is still in hospital
Poppo, who has been homeless for more than three decades is in critical condition at Jackson Memorial Hospital with their nose, mouth and eyes torn off.
Emergency room doctors at Jackson Memorial Hospital said they have seen an increase in incidents related to the drug.
The 'new LSD': The drug's effects include paranoia, hallucinations, convulsions and psychotic episodes
When people take bath salts, Dr Adams said, their temperature rises to an extremely high level, causing them to rip off their clothes and become aggressive in a state of extreme delirium.
Some have been known to use their jaws as a weapon of attack, Dr Adams said, and they become 'extremely strong'.
The new drug is not only a danger to those who take it, but also emergency responders who must restrain the drug-addled abusers of it, Dr Adams said.
'It's dangerous for the firefighters. It's dangerous for the hospital workers taking care of them because they come in, they have to be restrained both chemically and physically and you're asking for someone to get hurt,' they said.
The drug remains legal in some states, although many have taken steps to ban the substances found in bath salts.
However, when one chemical found in bath salts is prohibited another is added to get round the law, attorney Alex Manning told CNN.
Describing the drug as ‘PCP on crack', Manning said that people are making the drug out of household products.
Sharp said they never felt the urge to 'eat anybody's flesh' while on the drug, but described feeling ‘10 feet tall and bulletproof'.
Asked to describe their overdose, Sharp said: ‘Fear. Darkness. It felt like impending doom was coming down on me ... I felt like I was about to bust loose and actually hurt somebody.'
Sharp, who said they have not taken the drug for ‘months', gave a warning to other users: 'The only thing I can say to them is that if you value your life, you'll stop it and you won't do it anymore, because it will destroy your life. It will destroy your family. It will destroy everything.'
Watch video here
ROME – “Fake news” and journalism as a force for peace are the themes chosen by Pope Francis for the Church-sponsored World Day of Social Communications 2018.
As usual, the actual theme includes a Biblical quote: “‘The truth will set you free.' Fake news and journalism for peace,” with the famous Scriptural phrase drawn from the Gospel of John.
For the first time since a pope issued a message for World Communications Day in 1967, the theme was also announced by the pope via Twitter:
I have chosen this theme for World Communications Day 2018: “The truth will set you free” (Jn 8:32). Fake news and journalism for peace. — Pope Francis (@Pontifex) September 29, 2017
According to a statement released by the Vatican's Secretariat for Communications, the message is directly linked to so-called fake news, “namely, baseless information that contributes to generating and nurturing a strong polarization of opinions.”
Given the fact that key internet companies, institutions and the world of politics all have begun to address the phenomenon, which involves “an often misleading distortion of facts, with possible repercussions at the level of individual and collective behavior,” the Church too, wants to contribute, the statement said.
That contribution will come in the form of “a reflection on the causes, the logic and the consequences of disinformation in the media,” and also by helping with the promotion of “professional journalism, which always seeks the truth, and therefore a journalism of peace that promotes understanding between people.”
RELATED: Pope Francis: media should avoid indulging popular love of smut
The World Day of Social communications actually was established in 1963, by the Vatican Council II, with the document Inter Mirifica. It's celebrated on the Sunday preceding Pentecost, which next year will be May 13.
However, the first message to mark the day wouldn't come until 1967. That reflection, by Pope Paul VI was on the theme “Church and Social Communication: First World Communication Day.”
Decades before the internet arrived in people's everyday lives, the pontiff wrote that the Church, “truly and intimately linked with humankind and its history,” wants to draw attention to the “vast and complex phenomenon of the modem means of social communication, such as the press, motion pictures, radio and television, which form one of the most characteristic notes of modern civilization.”
Francis's actual message will be released, upholding tradition, on the feast day of St. Francis de Sales, the patron saint of journalists, marked on January 24.
The announcement of the ‎theme is traditionally made on Sept. 29, the feast of the Archangels Michael, ‎Raphael and Gabriel, with ‎Gabriel being designated the patron saint of telecommunications.
The term “fake news” is used to refer to fabricated news, which can be found in traditional news, social media or fake news websites. They have no basis in fact, but are presented as being factually accurate.
Back in November, some observers claimed that the proliferation of fake news, particularly on Facebook, had influence in the elections that put President Donald Trump in the White House.
On Friday, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who had dismissed this idea, acknowledged in a post on their own social media platform that they were wrong to do so.
“Calling that crazy was dismissive, and I regret it,” Zuckerberg wrote. “This is too important an issue to be dismissive.”
Their note was prompted by a tweet from Trump earlier that day, calling Facebook “anti-Trump.” On the same day, Facebook was formally invited to testify in front of Congress in early November, after admitting to selling ads to Russian propagandists.
“Trump says Facebook is against him,” Zuckerberg wrote. “Liberals say we helped Trump. Both sides are upset about ideas and content they don't like. That's what running a platform for all ideas looks like.”
During the election cycle last year, the pope themselves fell victim to a fake news story, which falsely reported that they had endorsed Donald Trump.
Sergeant Major Damien T. Rodriguez, an active duty Marine who has deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan during their 20 years in the military, is charged with of harassment, disorderly conduct and intimidation in connection with a Friday incident at DarSalam, an Iraqi restaurant in Northeast Portland, KGW reports.
One of those charges is a bias/hate crime in Oregon.
Sergeant Major Damien T. Rodriguez
According to security footage, as well as Ghaith Sahib, owner of DarSalam, two men spent almost an hour in the restaurant, refusing to order. Things escalated as the men began using racial slurs and profanity and then one of the men picked up a chair and allegedly assaulted a server.
KGW said Rodriguez told officers they suffer from PTSD.
"We were really sad about what happened," Sahib told KGW. "We feel sorry for the guy and we feel sorry for ourselves, too."
Sahib came to the United States after surviving a car bomb in Baghdad in 2005. They met their wife, Tiffany Sahib, an American and native Oregonian, while they were working at a hostel in Amsterdam.
In 2015, they told Vice that part of the mission of DarSalam, which means "House of Peace," is to teach people about Iraq, beyond the conflicts they may be aware of.
"It's not just food. It's food and culture," Ghaith said. "We try to show the other part of Iraq. The peaceful part."
In a post on Facebook, American Legion Post Commander and writer Sean Davis who works with Portland veterans, wrote that the Sahibs asked them to help Rodriguez.
"Sadly, I think it's beyond that," they added. "Their hearts are so big."
In a Facebook message Davis said of Rodriguez, "I hope something good comes out of it and they find help, but people need to know that there are many other combat veterans out there doing good in their communities."
"When something like this happens it adds to the stereotype that all veterans are damaged and crazy," added Davis. "That's not true."
Sergeant Major Damien T. Rodriguez
Rodriguez was booked and released Saturday on three misdemeanor counts. Sgt. Pete Simpson of the Portland Police Bureau said over email Tuesday, "Rodriguez was initially charged with Intimidation in the Second Degree, which is a bias/hate crime law in Oregon."
Simpson said the second person is not a suspect and spoke to police at the scene.
"The case is assigned to a Bias Crime detective for any needed follow-up requested by the District Attorney's Office," Simpson said. "Investigators are aware of their military service; however it has no bearing on the investigation or charges in this case."
-- Lizzy Acker
503-221-8052
lacker@oregonian.com, @lizzzyacker
An aquarium coral reef tank can add a lot to any location it is placed, but these tanks do require special care and more maintenance then either freshwater or saltwater fish only options. You can find coral starter kits almost anywhere that saltwater aquarium supplies are sold, and this is considered a better choice than buying coral from a store. You must keep a close eye on all of the tank conditions, including lighting, temperature, salinity percentage, and pH level for coral to thrive and stay beautiful. An aquarium coral reef should not be attempted until you have done all of the necessary research, so you can be sure of good results.
Fish tank decorations may not be needed in a tank that has a coral reef growing, but you may want to add a few pieces just for looks. After you have set up your aquarium using live rock and the other components you will need to let your tank acclimate before adding fish and coral pieces. An aquarium coral reef tank may have special nutrition needs, to help the coral keep the brilliant coloring and feed the organisms that keep your coral healthy and strong. All of your equipment, including the aquarium filters you are using, should be checked regularly for any signs of problems.
Your choice of aquarium rocks is important, because the live rocks you choose will be used to anchor the coral pieces so they will grow properly. Once you have added the first few coral additions you should wait a few weeks, and continue to test the water parameters to ensure they stay within the correct limits. Once a few weeks have passed and everything is still fine you can add a few more coral pieces, and before you know it you will have an exquisite aquarium coral reef that is gorgeous to watch.
The Secret to Rails OO Design
UPDATE: I also have a follow-up here.
I often tell people that I learned Ruby via Rails. This is pretty much the worst way to do it, but I'd learned so many programming languages by then that it didn't hinder me too much. The one thing that it did do, however, was give me a slightly twisted sense of how to properly design the classes needed in a Rails app. Luckily, I obsessively read other people's code, and I've noticed that there's one big thing that is common in most of the code that's written by people whose design chops I respect.
This particular thing is also seemingly unique to those people. It's not something that people who don't write good code attempt, but do badly. It's like a flag, or signal. Now, when I see someone employ this, I instantly think "they get it." Maybe I'm giving it too much credit, but this advanced design technique offers a ton of interconnected benefits throughout your Rails app, is easy to imploy, and speeds up your tests by an order of magnitude or more. Unfortunately, to many beginning Rails devs, it's non-obvious, but I want you to write better code, and so I'm here to 'break the secret,' if you will, and share this awesome, powerful technique with you.
It's called the 'Plain Old Ruby Domain Object.'
Yep, that's right. A Ruby class that inherets from nothing. It's so simple that it hides in plain sight. Loved by those who've mastered Rails, Plain Old Ruby Objects, or "POROs" as some like to call them, are a hidden weapon against complexity. Here's what I mean. Examine this 'simple' model:
class Post < ActiveRecord::Base def self.as_dictionary dictionary = ('A'..'Z').inject({}) {|h, l| h[l] = []; h} Post.all.each do |p| dictionary[p.title[0]] << p end dictionary end end
We want to display an index page of all our posts, and do it by first letter. So we build up a dictionary, and then put our posts in it. I'm assuming we're not paginating this, so don't get caught up in querying for all Posts. The important thing is the idea: we can now display our posts by title:
- Post.as_dictionary do |letter, list| %p= letter %ul - list.each do |post| %li= link_to post
Sure. And in one way, this code isn't bad. It's also not good: We've mixed a presentational concern into our model, which is supposed to represent buisness logic. So let's fix that, via a Presenter:
class DictionaryPresenter def initialize(collection) @collection = collection end def as_dictionary dictionary = ('A'..'Z').inject({}) {|h, l| h[l] = []; h} @collection.each do |p| dictionary[p.title[0]] << p end dictionary end end
We can use it via DictionaryPresenter.new(Post.all).as_dictionary . This has tons of benefits: we've moved presentation logic out of the model. We've already added a new feature: any collection can now be displayed as a dictionary. We can easily write isolated tests for this presenter, and they will be fast.
This post isn't about the Presenter pattern, though, as much as I love it. This sort of concept appears in other places, too, "this domain concept deserves its own class." Before we move to a different example, let's expand on this further: if we want to sort our Posts by title, this class will work, but if we want to display, say, a User, it won't, because Users don't have titles. Furthermore, we'll end up with a lot of Posts under "A," because the word "a" is pretty common at the beginning of Posts, so we really want to take the second word in that case. We can make two kinds of presenters, but now we lose that generality, and the concept of 'display by dictionary' has two representations in our system again. You guessed it: POROs to the rescue!
Let's change our presenter slightly, to also accept an organizational policy object:
class DictionaryPresenter def initialize(policy, collection) @policy = policy @collection = collection end def as_dictionary dictionary = ('A'..'Z').inject({}) {|h, l| h[l] = []; h} @collection.each do |p| dictionary[@policy.category_for(p)] << p end dictionary end end
Now, we can inject a policy, and have them be different:
class UserCategorizationPolicy def self.category_for(user) user.username[0] end end class PostCategorizationPolicy def self.category_for(post) if post.starts_with?("A ") post.title.split[1][0] else post.title[0] end end end
Bam!
DictionaryPresenter.new(PostCategorizationPolicy, Post.all).as_dictionary
Yeah, so that's getting a bit long. It happens. :) You can see that now each concept has one representation in our system. The presenter doesn't care how things are organized, and the policies only dictate how things are organized. In fact, my names sorta suck, maybe it should be "UsernamePolicy" and "TitlePolicy", actually. We don't even care what class they are!
It goes further than that in other directions, too. Combining the flexibility of Ruby with one of my favorite patterns from "Working Effectively with Legacy Code," we can take complex computations and turn them into objects. Look at this code:
class Quote < ActiveRecord::Base #<snip> def pretty_turnaround return "" if turnaround.nil? if purchased_at offset = purchased_at days_from_today = ((Time.now - purchased_at.to_time) / 60 / 60 / 24).floor + 1 else offset = Time.now days_from_today = turnaround + 1 end time = offset + (turnaround * 60 * 60 * 24) if(time.strftime("%a") == "Sat") time += 2 * 60 * 60 * 24 elsif(time.strftime("%a") == "Sun") time += 1 * 60 * 60 * 24 end "#{time.strftime("%A %d %B")} (#{days_from_today} business days from today)" end end
Yikes! This method prints a turnaround time, but as you can see, it's a complex calculation. We'd be able to understand this much more easily of we used Extract Method a few times to break it up, but then we risk polluting our Quote class with more stuff that's only relevant to pretty turnaround calculation. Also, please ignore that this is also presentation on the model; we just care that it's a complex bit of code for this example.
Okay, so here's the first step of this refactoring, which Feathers call "Break Out Method Object." You can open your copy of "Working Effectively With Legacy Code" and turn to page 330 to read more. If you don't have a copy, get one. Anyway, I digress. Here's the plan of attack:
Create a new class for the computation Define a method on that class to do the new work. Copy the body of the old method over, and change variable references to instance variables. Give it an initialize method that takes arguments to set the instance variables used in step 3. Make the old method delegate to the new class and method.
I've changed this slightly for Ruby, since we can't Lean On The Compiler, and a few of Feathers' steps are about doing this. Anyway, let's try this on that code. Step 1:
class Quote < ActiveRecord::Base def pretty_turnaround #snip end class TurnaroundCalculator end end
Two:
class TurnaroundCalculator def calculate end end
Three:
class TurnaroundCalculator def calculate return "" if @turnaround.nil? if @purchased_at offset = @purchased_at days_from_today = ((Time.now - purchased_at.to_time) / 60 / 60 / 24).floor + 1 else offset = Time.now days_from_today = @turnaround + 1 end time = offset + (@turnaround * 60 * 60 * 24) if(time.strftime("%a") == "Sat") time += 2 * 60 * 60 * 24 elsif(time.strftime("%a") == "Sun") time += 1 * 60 * 60 * 24 end "#{time.strftime("%A %d %B")} (#{days_from_today} business days from today)" end end
I like to give it a generic name at first, and then give it a better one in step 5, after we see what it really does. often our code will inform us of a good name.
Four:
class TurnaroundCalculator def initialize(purchased_at, turnaround) @purchased_at = purchased_at @turnaround = turnaround end def calculate #snip end end
Five:
class Quote < ActiveRecord::Base def pretty_turnaround TurnaroundCalculator.new(purchased_at, turnaround).calculate end end
Done! We should be able to run our tests and see them pass. Even if 'run our tests' consists of manually checking it out...
So what's the advantage here? Well, we now can start the refactoring process, but we're in our own little clean room. We can extract methods into our TurnaroundCalcuator class without polluting Quote, we can write speedy tests for just the Calculator, and we've split out the idea of calculation into one place, where it can easily be changed later. Here's our class, a few refactorings later:
class TurnaroundCalculator def calculate return "" if @turnaround.nil? "#{arrival_date} (#{days_from_today} business days from today)" end protected def arrival_date real_turnaround_time.strftime("%A %d %B") end def real_turnaround_time adjust_time_for_weekends(start_time + turnaround_in_seconds) end def adjust_time_for_weekends(time) if saturday?(time) time + 2 * 60 * 60 * 24 elsif sunday?(time) time + 1 * 60 * 60 * 24 else time end end def saturday?(time) time.strftime("%a") == "Sat" end def sunday?(time) time.strftime("%a") == "Sun" end def turnaround_in_seconds @turnaround * 60 * 60 * 24 end def start_time @purchased_at or Time.now end def days_from_today if @purchased_at ((Time.now - @purchased_at.to_time) / 60 / 60 / 24).floor + 1 else @turnaround + 1 end end end
Wow. This code I wrote three years ago isn't perfect, but it's almost understandable now. And each of the bits makes sense. This is after two or three waves of refactoring, which maybe I'll cover in a separate post, becuase this was more illustrative than I thought... anyway, you get the idea. This is what I mean when I say that I shoot for roughly five-line methods in Ruby; if your code is well-factored, you can often get there.
This idea of extracting domain objects that are pure Ruby is even in Rails itself. Check out this route:
root :to => 'dashboard#index', :constraints => LoggedInConstraint
Huh? LoggedInConstraint?
class LoggedInConstraint def self.matches?(request) current_user end end
Whoah. Yep. A domain object that describes our routing policy. Awesome. Also, validations, blatantly stolen from omgbloglol:
def SomeClass < ActiveRecord::Base validate :category_id, :proper_category => true end class ProperCategoryValidator < ActiveModel::EachValidator def validate_each(record, attribute, value) unless record.user.category_ids.include?(value) record.errors.add attribute, 'has bad category.' end end end
This isn't a plain Ruby class, but you get the idea.
Now, you might be thinking, "Steve: This isn't just for Rails! You've lied!" Why yes, actually, you've caught me: this isn't the secret to Rails OO, it's more of a general OO design guideline. But there's something special about Rails which seems to lure you into the trap of never breaking classes down. Maybe it's that lib/ feels like such a junk drawer. Maybe it's that the fifteen minute examples only ever include ActiveRecord models. Maybe it's that more Rails apps than not are (WARNING: UNSUBSTANTIATED CLAIM ALERT) closed source than open, so we don't have as many good examples to draw upon. (I have this hunch since Rails is often used to build sites for companies. Gems? Sure? My web app? Not so much. I have no stats to back this up, though.)
In summary: Extracting domain objects is good. They keep your tests fast, your code small, and make it easier to change things later. I have some more to say about this, specifically the "keeps test fast" part, but I'm already pushing it for length here. Until next time!
AMMAN: Syrian Arab Army forces came within three kilometers of a border crossing with Jordan on Tuesday following a secretive midnight operation behind rebel frontlines, local military sources told Syria Direct.
The regime deployed a small “infiltration team” around 2:30am Tuesday morning into rebel territory, 3km west of Daraa city, a local opposition commander told Syria Direct. The pro-government units reached and briefly captured an opposition-controlled air defense base within hours.
The nighttime operation not only benefited from the cover of darkness but also from a synchronized air and ground assault across multiple rebel positions in the deeply contested, and divided, provincial capital.
Russian and regime aircraft pinned down rebel fighters for hours inside Daraa city, launching dozens of airstrikes, barrel bombs and incendiary weapons while the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and its allies attempted to storm the opposition-held half of the city on the ground.
The SAA and its allies control the city's northern and western neighborhoods, also known as Daraa al-Mahatta, with the support of Russian airpower. On the other side of the city, divided by the Yarmouk River, rebel factions from the Free Syrian Army (FSA), Ahrar a-Sham and Hay'at Tahrir a-Sham—a hardline Islamist coalition including former Syrian Al-Qaeda affiliate Jabhat Fatah a-Sham—hold nearly all of its southern half, known as Daraa al-Balad.
Despite the SAA's coordinated, multi-front assault, opposition forces staved off pro-regime advances in the heart of the provincial capital and quickly sent fighters to the then-fallen air defense base.
Opposition forces “foiled the regime plan,” after expelling the SAA fighters from the contested base, a rebel commander told Syria Direct on Tuesday.
By 1:00pm local time on Tuesday, the opposition's al-Banyan al-Marsous Operations Room—the entity responsible for coordinating the rebels' Daraa city campaign—announced the complete “return of control” of the air defense base, publishing photos of the corpses of regime soldiers and their recently captured prisoners via the messaging app Telegram.
Aftermath of regime bombing of Daraa city, June 18. Photo courtesy of Nabaa Media.
But for nearly 10 hours, the regime's stealth operation deep behind rebel lines threatened to change the entire calculus of a bloody Daraa city battle that has seen few—if any—shifts in more than 100 days of fighting.
By temporarily capturing the air defense base, the Assad regime made its largest inroads to date towards bifurcating the rebel-held territory of Daraa province—a faithful base of opposition support—and regaining a key border crossing with Jordan.
Opposition forces launched their Daraa city campaign against the regime—dubbed “Death Rather Than Humiliation"—back in February as a pre-emptive response to alleged regime troop buildups near Daraa city. Opposition forces told Syria Direct at the time that they feared the SAA would attempt to punch through the rebel-controlled half of the city in order to reach a border crossing with neighboring Jordan. Two and a half months earlier, Jordan indicated its willingness to reopen its border points with Daraa province but on the condition that regime forces hold them.
What ensued, however, has been gridlocked fighting, block-by-block urban warfare that has left scores of combatants dead on both sides.
In what is the largest battle in Daraa city since 2015, hundreds of regime and Russian airstrikes and artillery shells have flattened entire buildings. But little territory has actually changed hands in the province known as “the cradle of the revolution.”
A bomb hits the opposition-controlled Daraa Camp on June 15. Photo courtesy of Nabaa Media.
The majority of the fighting centers on the al-Manshiya district, of which rebels claim they have captured 90 percent since the start of the February campaign. Complete control over the district would deliver the opposition a long-coveted victory and provide a high-ground position capable of seriously threatening Daraa's government-controlled northern half.
Clashes between the two sides continued throughout the day on Tuesday, one day after the conclusion of a 48-hour ceasefire. The Syrian Ministry of Defense announced the temporary cessation of all fighting in Daraa city on Saturday in order focus on “consolidating local reconciliations,” a term used to describe rebel surrenders in exchange for amnesty with the government.
In May, Syrian regime backers Russia and Iran agreed on a deal alongside Turkey at talks in Astana, Kazakhstan to establish four “de-escalation zones” in rebel-held territory across the country, including Daraa province.
As with the May agreement, which unraveled earlier this month, the weekend's touch-and-go ceasefire ended abruptly in a hailstorm of rocket fire early Tuesday morning with artillery shells landing as far as the northern Jordanian city of Ramtha, just across the Syrian border.
On Tuesday, Syrian and Russian aircraft launched up to 25 airstrikes, 38 barrel bombs, 12 naval mines and six incendiary bombs in addition to 29 surface-to-surface rockets on Daraa city and the surrounding countryside, Abu Mahmoud al-Hourani, a local media activist, told Syria Direct from Daraa on Tuesday.
Those figures, one regime military source told Syria Direct, are a preview of what is to come.
“The bombing is light at the moment,” they told Syria Direct on the condition of anonymity. “Moving forward, the bombing is only going to increase, and there will be no reconciliation.”
“Give it a month, and this will all be taken care of.”
The next round of Syria negotiations, focusing once again on the establishment of “de-escalation zones” are scheduled to take place in Kazakhstan's capital city of Astana in the beginning of July.
A federal appeals court judge has issued a scathing attack on the secret use by death penalty states of compounding pharmacies to supply drugs deployed in lethal injections, ridiculing the source of Wednesday morning's execution in Missouri as possibly “nothing more than a high school chemistry class”.
Kermit Bye, a federal judge on the US court of appeals for the eighth circuit, issued their dissent just hours before Michael Taylor, 47, was executed for the 1989 murder of a 15-year-old girl, Ann Harrison, in Kansas City. Taylor was put to death using a massive dose of the sedative pentobarbital obtained by the department of corrections from a pharmacist whose identity the state refused to disclose.
The eighth circuit declined to award Taylor a stay of execution, as did the US supreme court that cleared the way for the lethal injection to go ahead. But in their dissent, Bye made one of the most impassioned arguments yet from a federal judge decrying the creeping secrecy in the practice of the death penalty in America.
They pointed out that the eighth amendment of the US constitution “prohibits the unnecessary and wanton infliction of pain through torture, barbarous methods, or methods resulting in a lingering death”. Bye then went on to argue that given “the absolute dearth of information Missouri has disclosed to this court, the ‘pharmacy' on which Missouri relies could be nothing more than a high school chemistry class.”
They added: “I once again fear Missouri elevates the ends over the means in its rush to execute Taylor.”
Bye's dissent was backed by two other judges on the appeals court. More significantly, three justices of the US supreme court – Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor – also added their agreement to their searing criticism.
Missouri has become a front-line state in the battle over lethal injection drugs after the state decided to speed up the execution process. The department of corrections appears to be running a conveyor-belt system, with Taylor being the fourth prisoner put to death in as many months.
In the course of accelerating its activities, the state at first turned to the Apothecary Shoppe, an Oklahoma pharmacy that was unlicensed in Missouri to supply dangerous drugs. But after the Apothecary Shoppe agreed to close down the supply route in the face of a legal challenge, Missouri changed its protocol with less than a week to go and announced it had found another, unidentified, compounding pharmacy to make up the drug.
Bye underlined that with such a short lead-in time, there was no possibility for the pharmacy to perfect its technique or even to test the substance that it concocted. “One should be suspicious of any pharmacy compounding a drug presumably for the first time, particularly when the pharmacy received Missouri's request just a week before the scheduled execution,” the judge wrote.
They concluded that “it is conceivable this lack of experience and knowledge would lead to Taylor's death being excruciatingly painful”.
In the end, Taylor was pronounced dead shortly after 12.10am. Reporters recorded no visual signs of distress during their final moments.
The focus now switches to Florida where the state is poised to execute its fifth prisoner using the sedative midazolam as an alternative to pentobarbital, supplies of which have run out across most death penalty states as a result of a European Union-led boycott. Paul Howell, 47, will be put to death with a three-drug lethal cocktail starting with midazolam on Wednesday evening for the 1992 death by bombing of a police officer, Jimmy Fulford.
Howell's lawyers have petitioned the courts for a stay of execution on grounds that midazolam is not certain to put the prisoner so deeply asleep that they would not suffer the excruciating pain of the last of the three drugs, potassium chloride, that stops the heart. An expert in anaesthesia, Dr David Lubarsky, called to give evidence on behalf of the inmate at a hearing last week, described the impact of the potassium as feeling “like liquid fire”.
Midazolam was used in a controversial two-drug formula by Ohio state to kill Dennis McGuire last month. Eye witnesses described the procedure, in which the prisoner gasped for breath for up to 14 minutes, as horrifying and inhumane.
The first time Florida used midazolam to kill William Happ, 51, last October, the execution took about twice as long as normal under the old procedure and the prisoner was seen to blink several times during it.
The anti-death penalty group Reprieve has called on one of the main US manufacturers of midazolam, Akorn pharmaceuticals of Illinois, to place distribution restrictions on the drug that would ensure that it could not be used by departments of correction for executions. Similar controls have been successfully introduced by several other major drug companies in the wake of the European boycott.
Top Ten Samurai Films
Of all the archetypes in cinema the Samurai stands shoulder to shoulder with greats such as the Cowboy, the Gladiator and the Soldier. With a rigid code of honor and conduct it's easy to see the appeal the Samurai has with the masses. While the history of the Samurai film does date back to the silent film era, it was Akira Kurosawa who brought the genre as much notoriety as the Western or a swashbuckling Pirate film. Themes of duty, revenge, honor, a changing in times and so much more run deep in the films of the Samurai. What really makes the Samurai stand apart from all those other archetypes is, for the Samurai warrior, an honorable death is the ultimate end goal. To die with honor in the service of one's master is the top of the mountain for these warriors. I present to you now my top ten list of what I believe are the best Samurai films ever made. Let's take a look:
Everybody wants to juice, so we enlisted the help of legendary Cro-Mags frontman John Joseph to show us how to make a proper juice and smoothie. We were expecting a nice rundown with maybe a funny story or two thrown in. What we got was perhaps the most in-your-face talk about the benefits of consuming fruits and vegetables ever given. Want to know how to regain energy after a night of busting nuts? WATCH THIS! Plus, both of their books— Meat is For Pussies and their autobiography The Evolution of a Cro-Magnon—are extremely inspirational and informative.
Lastly, we would like to combine to of John's best quotes "Meat is for pussies, and diets are for jerk-offs".
Follow John Joseph on Twitter, Facebook, and their website.
Season 1 Episode 8 of How-To. Watch more
Update (12/29): As Square's big sale continues, they've added a number of new games to the mix, most notably a bunch of games from the Dragon Quest series:
Looking for even more games? Right now a number of companies outside of Square Enix are also offering up discounts on games like LEGO Jurasic World, Crashlands, THis War of Mine, and The Room Three. You can find more details here.
Original: Square Enix is one of the most well known video game developers in the world. So if you're like a lot of other hardcore gamers, you're likely familiar with the company's Final Fantasy series. If you've been waiting to try some of them out, now may be a good time to do so. 16 Square Enix titles are on sale through the holiday season on Android.
The discounts, which will last until January 4, also cover a number of non-Final Fantasy games from Square Enix. Here's the full list, along with the discounts:
See anything you like? Be sure to let us know in the comments!
Abstract Citizen science projects have the potential to advance science by increasing the volume and variety of data, as well as innovation. Yet this potential has not been fully realized, in part because citizen science data are typically not widely shared and reused. To address this and related challenges, we built CitSci.org (see www.citsci.org), a customizable platform that allows users to collect and generate diverse datasets. We hope that CitSci.org will ultimately increase discoverability and confidence in citizen science observations, encouraging scientists to use such data in their own scientific research.
Citation: Wang Y, Kaplan N, Newman G, Scarpino R (2015) CitSci.org: A New Model for Managing, Documenting, and Sharing Citizen Science Data. PLoS Biol 13(10): e1002280. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1002280 Published: October 22, 2015 Copyright: © 2015 Wang et al. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited Funding: The authors received no specific funding for this work. Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
The Power of Citizen Science projects can advance science by democratizing data collection, interpretation, and analysis [1], expanding the spatial and temporal breadth of data collection [2,3] and capitalizing on the plethora and diversity of ideas generated by large numbers of people (i.e., the “wisdom of the crowd”) [4]. Given the many benefits of citizen science, it is not surprising that the number of projects, science domains involved, and volunteers engaged (both online and in person) are all increasing [5]. Despite such growth, obstacles continue to hamper discovery, understanding, and reuse of citizen science data by scientific professionals [3]. The most important obstacles involve lack of trust in data quality, transparency, and associated metadata [6]. For example, project coordinators often do not document important details regarding research questions, experimental design, and data collection and quality assurance/quality control (QA/QC) methods, which provide context about the data. Furthermore, the associated metadata do not always follow a standardized format to facilitate efficient sharing and reuse [7]. Additional barriers include a lack of tools to automate the publication of completed citizen science datasets along with the necessary metadata in existing data repositories, which, in turn, can improve data discovery and accessibility. But these obstacles are not insurmountable. We can increase confidence in (and reuse of) citizen science data by offering project coordinators improved and easy-to-use tools to document and generate associated metadata. Documentation of descriptive metadata allows people to recall the details of data collection and interpret how to use the data. Furthermore, standardization of metadata content allows for sharing of data, which may be useful or applicable to answering novel research questions [8] or in synthesis efforts, and this standardization promotes transparency in data collection efforts [9] as well as in science. The CitSci.org support platform team is developing simple metadata tools to help project coordinators maximize the potential of citizen science data through better documentation efforts with guided prompts throughout the data life cycle [10]. Here, we describe the CitSci.org platform and discuss how we plan to improve the discoverability and reusability of citizen science data through more open and transparent documentation of data collection methods, protocols, training, and QA/QC.
CitSci.org: A System to Bring Citizen Science Data to Life The CitSci.org support platform (www.citsci.org) provides free and universal access for anyone to create citizen science projects. CitSci.org supports the entire data life cycle—the process from acquiring data to producing useful information—for 200+ projects (encompassing more than 407,000 measurements) by providing a centralized system for project coordinators to manage members, create custom online datasheets, explore and visualize data in real time, and download open data (from their own and other projects). CitSci.org presently includes features supporting more rigorous sampling designs than traditional point observations, such as transects, nested-plots, and treatment replications; data quality assurance via predetermined sampling locations, species pick-lists, and acceptable data value ranges; and data validation by means of summary statistics and data exploration and visualization tools. Project coordinators can create their own measurements or use existing measurements, which are contained and searchable in an online registry across all projects. During the datasheet creation process, project coordinators are prompted to specify units of measurements for the various attributes volunteers are asked to measure. Additional features include dynamic real-time data visualizations, maps, and summary statistics and robust volunteer management features, including member communication tools, project forums, and evaluation tools. Despite this rather comprehensive suite of tools, barriers to more efficient and complete metadata documentation of citizen science data still remain. For example, specific documentation detailing original research questions, sampling designs, protocols, and methods could help scientists better appraise the value and applicability of the data available to appropriately synthesize data collected by citizen scientists for possible future reuse.
Remaining Barriers to Citizen Science Data Reuse While data life cycle plans should include a step that explicitly addresses data and information management, in practice, many projects fail to adequately note the details and procedures required to move from data collection planning to data reuse. For example, most references to citizen science processes generally mention disseminating results, but omit any discussion of sharing raw data for possible reuse [11]. Without proper metadata, citizen science and associated data remain suspect and, consequently, have little influence on the research proposed and conducted by professional scientists or on policy and management decisions. Thorough documentation would improve the usefulness of citizen science data, especially if the metadata documentation were to map to domain standards adopted by specific communities, such as the DarwinCore and Ecological Metadata Language [8]. Adoption of standardized metadata practices improves data exchange possibilities and efficiencies [12] and scientific transparency, and can be used to address speculation or assumptions related to how citizen science data are collected, managed, or applied [6]. Standards for metadata enable data exchange and have mobilized citizen science data through the development of large online biodiversity data resources (e.g., the Global Biodiversity Information Facility [GBIF]), inclusion in niche modeling (e.g., State of the Birds), and applications for ongoing water quality monitoring (www.shalenetwork.org).
Novel Approaches for Metadata Creation for Citizen Science Projects To better support project coordinators' documentation efforts, CitSci.org is building web-based data management and metadata documentation features that are flexible enough to support a variety of standards and community-driven metadata fields (Fig 1). The CitSci.org team will be developing new user interfaces that prompt project coordinators to document various aspects of their citizen science project (QA/QC, volunteer training protocols, etc.) and data collection methods (e.g., how temperature was measured) at the time of project, and online datasheet creation to produce reusable and appraisable data products. While these metadata entries will be optional, the CitSci.org platform will encourage metadata entry by displaying a progress bar and/or a similar indicator of the percentage of metadata entry complete on the project's profile page. This approach is similar to common social media user profile completion indicators, such as is used on LinkedIn. When a project manager has entered all required project-level and data-collection–level metadata, a web badge for “Metadata Excellence Award” will appear next to the project's photo in the project list and on the project's profile page. Given the scalability of the CitSci.org platform's metadata schema (Fig 1), project managers will also have the option of creating new metadata fields that may be more tailored to their specific project. All metadata fields used in CitSci.org will be displayed in a metadata registry table, viewable by all website users, and will be included in any downloads of project data. Once required metadata fields are complete, project managers can opt to share data with select data repositories (e.g., GBIF) automatically at specified intervals. PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download: Fig 1. CitSci.org extensible metadata schema related to a simple field observation. An observer measures the turbidity of a stream using a Secchi disk. We capture the protocol used to measure turbidity (Secchi disk) in a metadata table (TBL_Metadata) and relate it to the observation (TBL_Observations). This extensible structure allows us to capture any type of metadata, and relate it to observations in addition to other entities, such as projects, individuals, media, etc. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.1002280.g001 Citsci.org is developing these metadata features through a participatory approach to tailor them to citizen science practitioners' and participants' needs. Through a series of monthly webinars, the CitSci.org team gains input from users on specific features, with an objective of reaching consensus on how things should work. Toward that end, we encourage the scientific community to evaluate and provide feedback on the proposed metadata tools described here.
Challenges Associated with Documenting and Sharing Citizen Science Data Several challenges remain relating to metadata documentation and increasing transparency. To limit the initial demands on both project coordinators creating new projects and participants submitting observations online, we will adopt a reward system to encourage metadata documentation throughout the project life cycle rather than mandating it during the project creation process. Other challenges relate to permissions, privacy, and security of the information to be documented about citizen science observations [13]. We encourage project coordinators and volunteer participants to decide which aspects of “who reported what, where, and when” to share and which to omit. Project coordinators, through recognizing the importance of proper documentation to science, also understand and respect the many concerns of the volunteers providing data and the specific nature of these data. For example, in some cases, a data provider may want to remain anonymous, while in another situation, they may want attribution. Data collected in locations that have species of concern may need to remain private or “fuzzed” to ensure precise locations cannot be identified. This raises issues related to information or data governance, which can only be resolved through close communication and co-design opportunities with project coordinators. Finally, deciding what should be documented about which facet of citizen science data can be challenging. Our approach of required metadata (the “who, what, when, where, and why”) helps focus documentation while also allowing for richer description when needed.
A Vision for Universal Sharing of Citizen Science Data Spurred by the advancement of internet connectivity [14], the recent growth of citizen science projects has been remarkable and promises to revolutionize and democratize science. Through collaborations with citizen scientists, professional scientists can quickly gather data in response to pressing global issues over large spatial scales and deepen connections between people and their local environment. However, issues relating to access, appraisal, trust, and use of citizen science data have so far limited its impact. By constructing tools to facilitate metadata documentation and data sharing and discovery, we aim to support greater acceptance and integration of citizen science into the broader scientific community. We expect that with increased access and transparency within citizen science, aided by easy-to-use and comprehensive, available tools, citizen science data and projects will one day fulfill their full potential and promise.
clerk, see This article is about office workers for private companies and government agencies. For other uses, including government posts known as, see Clerk (disambiguation)
A clerk ( or ) is a white-collar worker who conducts general office tasks, or a worker who performs similar sales-related tasks in a retail environment (a retail clerk). The responsibilities of clerical workers commonly include record keeping, filing, staffing service counters, screening solicitors, and other administrative tasks.[1]
History and etymology [ edit ]
The word clerk is derived from the Latin clericus meaning "cleric" or "clergyman", which is the latinisation of the Greek κληρικός (klērikos) from a word meaning a "lot" (in the sense of drawing lots) and hence an "apportionment" or "area of land".[2][3]
The association derived from mediaeval courts, where writing was mainly entrusted to clergy because most laypeople could not read. In this context, the word clerk meant "scholar". Even today, the term clerk regular designates a type of cleric (one living life according to a rule). The cognate terms in some languages, e.g., Klerk in Dutch, became restricted to a specific, fairly low rank in the administrative hierarchy.
United States [ edit ]
Clerical workers are perhaps the largest occupational group in the United States. In 2004, there were 3.1 million general office clerks,[4] 1.5 million office administrative supervisors and 4.1 million secretaries.[5] Clerical occupations often do not require a college degree, though some college education or 1 to 2 years in vocational programs are common qualifications. Familiarity with office equipment and certain software programs is also often required. Employers may provide clerical training.[6] The median salary for clerks is $23,000, while the national median income for workers age 25 or older is $33,000.[7] Median salaries ranged from $22,770 for general office clerks to $34,970 for secretaries and $41,030 for administrative supervisors. Clerical workers are considered working class by American sociologists such as William Thompson, Joseph Hickey or James Henslin as they perform highly routinized tasks with relatively little autonomy.[8] Sociologist Dennis Gilbert, argues that the white and blue collar divide has shifted to a divide between professionals, including some semi-professionals, and routinized white collar workers.[9] White collar office supervisors may be considered lower middle class with some secretaries being located in that part of the socio-economic strata where the working and middle classes overlap.
Traditionally clerical positions have been held almost exclusively by women. Even today, the vast majority of clerical workers in the US continue to be female. As with other predominantly female positions, clerical occupations were, and to some extent continue to be, assigned relatively low prestige on a sexist basis.[10] The term pink-collar worker is often used to describe predominantly female white collar positions.
Clerical workers and unions [ edit ]
Due to the majority of clerical positions being held by women, the sector is largely un-unionized.[11] With the decline of the industrial sector and the rise of white-collar jobs, the labor movement needed to tap into this large pool of potential members in order to sustain the movement. Much debate exists as to what strategies to adopt when organizing female clerical workers. Part of the issue is that many female clerks do not wish to pay their dues. Some claim that focusing on gender sensitive issues would be the most effective route, since women tend to shy away from the male-dominated unions.[12] Others argue that women are just as militant as men when it comes to getting grievances heard, such as the willingness of female employees of a Wisconsin insurance company to fight against management's discriminatory practices.[13] Still others contend that the problem does not lie with the tactics used to “sell” the union to the workers, but in developing “leadership from among the workers and train[ing] them to organize their fellow workers.”[14]
Functions and titles [ edit ]
Data entry clerk
Sales clerk (as in grocery sales)
Deli clerk
Hotel Front Desk clerk
Service desk Clerk
Cash register clerk
Clinical clerk
Documentation clerk
See also [ edit ]
A Nevada judge on Tuesday denied a Donald Trump campaign motion for an immediate order in a lawsuit filed after a polling station was kept open late last week.
Judge Gloria Sturman said Trump's lawyers were asking for the preservation of evidence that Clark County already had a public obligation to preserve, therefore making the suit irrelevant. Sturman refused to issue an order in the case, saying that act could make the names of poll workers discoverable and open election workers up to harassment.
“Trump campaign petition asks to preserve early voting records," Clark County spokesperson Dan Kulin said in a statement. "This is required by state law & so it is something we are already doing.”
Trump's campaign on Monday had sued the registrar of voters in Clark County, alleging the polling station's late hours violated state law. The lawsuit asked that the county's ballots be kept separate pending any future legal challenges.
Trump, the Republican presidential nominee, asserted the later hours were granted in order to boost Democratic early-voting turnout.
Charles Muñoz, the Trump campaign's Nevada State Director, alleged that Clark County employees were facilitating "illegal activity."
“The incidents that occurred on Friday night should be troubling to anyone who is interested in free and fair elections," Muñoz said in a statement. "Voters who showed up after the scheduled closing times at selected locations were allowed to vote, while those who were not able to make it to other early voting sites by the posted closing times were denied the right to cast their ballots."
Trump made a last-minute visit on Monday to the battleground state, drawing thousands of supporters to a rally at a Reno convention center.
The billionaire business person sounded confident about their chances in the state, despite a surge in early-voting by Democrats and Latinos that has Democrats feeling optimistic.
"They didn't get the kind of vote that they needed to stop us on Tuesday," Trump said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Campuses Cautious As They Adjust To New Sexual Assault Guidelines
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jacquelyn Martin/AP Jacquelyn Martin/AP
New federal guidelines for handling allegations of sexual assault are prompting a range of reactions from school administrators. While many are expressing concerns and vowing to maintain current policy, others are breathing a sigh of relief or scratching their heads in confusion.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos officially rescinded Obama-era rules last week, replacing them with interim guidelines, until new permanent rules can be implemented. The Department of Education's new "Q&A on Campus Sexual Misconduct" may change everything from how much evidence should be required to prove allegations to how accused students can cross-examine witnesses.
Universities are "scrambling right now" to figure out what it all means, says Kristi Branham, associate professor and director of gender and women's studies at Western Kentucky University, who serves on a committee that works on education, training and awareness around sexual assault. "This is a tricky area."
"We're reading the new guidance carefully," says Kathleen Salvaty, systemwide Title IX coordinator for the University of California. "I definitely have some questions."
For example, Salvaty says that according to the new guidance, applying "special procedures" in sexual misconduct cases "suggests a discriminatory purpose, and should be avoided."
"I'm not sure what that means," Salvaty says. Schools have lots of special procedures for sexual misconduct cases, they say, precisely because they are different from cases of plagiarism, for example. And many of those are required by federal regulations. Schools are also unclear whether new language in the new guidance means that Title IX rules would no longer apply off campus — at a fraternity, for example.
"That is causing some concern and confusion," Salvaty says. "We're just not sure what to do."
Others have raised concerns that the new interim guidance contradicts a 2001 directive that was not among those rescinded by DeVos. John Clune, an attorney with Hutchinson Black and Cook LLC, says "the whole purpose of the 2001 guidance is that grievance procedures be prompt and equitable." But, they say, the new guidance removes time limits on investigations, allows schools to offer an appeal option exclusively to accused students, and permits schools to raise the evidentiary bar from "preponderance of the evidence" to a "clear and convincing" standard, making allegations harder to prove.
"That discriminates against complainants," Clune says. "It certainly undermines the concept ... that the proceedings be prompt and equitable."
Many schools say they are also confused by mixed signals on whether schools can try informal resolution methods, like mediation; the new guidance allows it, but the 2001 guidance bars it.
Skidmore College sociology professor David Karp says they hope it signals a new opportunity for an alternative process they have been promoting known as restorative justice, a nonadversarial model that focuses on a victim's healing, and how offenders can contribute to that. Schools have refrained from trying the idea for fear it would be seen as a form of mediation.
"I do think this is a green light that hasn't existed before," Karp says. They caution that more guidance and training is needed, because "if badly implemented, [RJ] can backfire and cause further harm." But "I think schools will feel like they have more latitude to explore this as an additional option," they say.
Oklahoma Wesleyan University is one school feeling freed up by DeVos' decision to rescind the Obama-era guidance, which OKWU President Everett Piper calls "nothing short of a disaster."
Last year, the university sued the Department of Education, arguing that those guidelines resulted in a "growing number of innocent students being trampled [by the] 'shoot first, ask questions later' approach."
Piper says they are relieved now that OKWU will no longer feel pressure to "compromise ... students' rights" and can now "operate ... without threat of government intrusion and overreach." But OKWU has not yet announced any specific change in policies or practices.
Indeed, most schools appear to be holding off on any immediate action. Officials from schools including Harvard, Cornell, the University of Missouri and the University of Michigan say they are still reviewing the new guidance to see what, if any, changes need to be made. And many more have announced they are simply staying the course.
"All of us are continuing as usual," says Sarah Berg, deputy Title IX coordinator of prevention, training and outreach at the University of Colorado, Denver and the Anschutz Medical Campus.
A letter to the Yale University community says the school has "no plans to deviate" from current Obama-era policies. California State University, Northridge says "Regardless of this new DOE action ... we will not waver in our commitment to Title IX and its protections." Similarly, Washington University in St. Louis says "regardless of decisions at the federal level, we have no intention of turning back on our commitment or resolve."
While that kind of resolve is reassuring to some, it's frustrating to others.
"It is disappointing, but not surprising," says Joe Cohn, legislative and policy director for the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, a group that has criticized previous policies as unfair to the accused. Many schools see the new guidance as "designed to go back to the Stone Age," they say. "But really this is about an adjustment to make sure that both sides' needs are met, because that wasn't happening before."
Attorney Andrew Miltenberg of Nesenoff & Miltenberg LLP, who represents dozens of accused students, says the "pushback" from universities is unfortunate. "It's a stubborn 'we're still going to do it our way,' " they say.
While the interim guidance is technically just a recommendation, not a binding rule, Miltenberg says schools that stick to old policies do so at their own peril. They say DeVos' recent comments, and their decision to rescind the old guidance, will be a big boost to accused students' lawsuits.
"It's a significant acknowledgement that there is a problem in [that] process," says Miltenberg. "It's a great thing to say to a judge that 'before last week, you didn't have to believe that there might be inherent bias throughout the process, but now those arguments carry much more weight. The secretary of the Department of Education publicly announced those very things.' "
Miltenberg rejects the notion that the new guidance causes chaos or confusion, or even what they call the "false hysteria" that the new guidance represents a setback for rape victims.
"This constant refrain is an attempt to create a ... big lie," they say. "It's like if you say it loud enough and often enough, people will believe it."
Ultimately, Miltenberg says, real change will require not only new policies but also a shift in who is administering them on campuses.
"The reality is that most of the people that I've come in contact with as part of any school's Title IX apparatus have some sort of victimcentric view, or previous work history, or something in their lives that I think makes them unable to be as impartial and objective as someone should be," Miltenberg says.
Title IX administrators deny any bias in their work, but they don't dispute how fervently they want to maintain current policies. "Everyone I know who does this work ... wants to hold on to this process, because we've really put our careers into this," says Berg. "We're really proud of where we've gotten. So to have someone essentially gut that policy would be really painful."
A new study pinpoints with greater precision than ever before when and where HIV entered the United States and sparked North America's AIDS epidemic. It also puts to rest a media-fueled theory about a peripatetic flight attendant with a very active sex life: so-called “Patient Zero,” who after their death became infamous for supposedly bringing the virus into the country and seeding the infection in different locales.
Gaétan Dugas, infamously, and wrongly, labeled Patient Zero. PHOTO: WIKIMEDIA COMMONS
In And the Band Played On, the 1987 best-selling account of the U.S. epidemic's early years, journalist Randy Shilts wrote in detail about Patient Zero, a Canadian named Gaétan Dugas who died from AIDS 3 years before the book was published. “[T]here's no doubt that Gaëtan [sic] played a key role in spreading the new virus from one end of the United States to the other,” Shilts wrote. They did not say Dugas introduced the disease to North America, but subsequent media accounts, including one in Time magazine, did make that claim—and vilified Dugas. A front-page New York Post headline went so far as to proclaim, “THE MAN WHO GAVE US AIDS.” HIV/AIDS researchers have long been skeptical about the Patient Zero claim.
Last week at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections here, Michael Worobey, an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona in Tucson, solidly debunked that claim, saying Dugas was far from what epidemiologists refer to as the “index patient” in the United States. Worobey's new work will help put “the myth of Patient Zero” to rest, says epidemiologist Harold Jaffe of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta, who helped unravel the early spread of the disease.
The first AIDS cases surfaced in five gay men in Los Angeles, California, and were reported in CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report in June 1981. After HIV was proven to be the culprit in 1984, researchers analyzed stored blood samples from gay and bisexual men collected in the late 1970s in San Francisco, California, and New York City and found that the men already carried antibodies to the virus. Worobey plucked the virus from eight of those samples, which dated from 1978 and 1979, and obtained nearly the complete genetic sequences of each one. Jaffe, who had helped piece together Dugas's connection to a cluster of early AIDS cases in California and New York, supplied a 1983 sample of the flight attendant's blood, which also yielded a near-complete HIV genome.
HIV mutates at a constant rate each time it copies itself, so Worobey could use the differences among the sequences to create a family tree of the viruses and estimate when each isolate emerged. Their work suggests the U.S. epidemic most likely began in New York City around 1970, when the real index case brought in a virus that closely matched the sequences of older HIVs isolated from people in Haiti and a few other Caribbean countries. Although their sample size is small, Worobey said the probability that New York City was the origin of the U.S. epidemic “is very, very high indeed.” They estimate the virus reached San Francisco around 1975.
On the family tree of the early U.S. isolates, Dugas's HIV genome fell in about the middle. “There's nothing special about their genome,” Worobey said. Although Dugas had been to Haiti—in 1977—there is no sign that they were either the index patient or key to spreading the virus around the country. Worobey notes that when CDC researchers were piecing together how the first AIDS cases were linked to each other, they originally referred to Dugas not by the number “0” but by the letter “O,” because they were from “outside” California. Later, for reasons that remain murky, Dugas morphed into Patient Zero.
So rather than Dugas sparking the U.S. epidemic, their case, historically speaking, really is just an “oh.”
ALLEN PARK -- Sam Martin punted in 12 games for Appalachian State in 2012. They also attempted 10 field goals, 17 extra points and kicked off. Then they kicked and punted throughout the draft process. And during rookie OTAs with the Detroit Lions. And regular OTAs. And training camp. Oh, and there was that 16-game NFL season to consider. Martin, a fifth-round pick last year, rewarded the Lions' faith in him. They were among the five best punters in the league for much of last season. But all that work also took a toll. They became more inconsistent during the second half of last season. They battled a groin injury, which was known, and also back pain, which was not. Martin finished sixth in the league in punting (47.2 yards per attempt), 10th in net punting (40.4 yards) and was replaced by David Akers on kickoffs. And they say there is no question what was the culprit: Fatigue. "I kicked a whole college season, a whole offseason, then a whole NFL season," they told MLive last week. "It was 100 percent due to fatigue. (Special teams coordinator John Bonamego) was really good with managing my reps in practice, but they think it was just kind of an inevitable thing." Martin says he's better prepared for the rigors of the NFL as they enter their sophomore season with the Lions. That starts with technique. They have modified their punt and kickoff motions to make them less violent. That should diminish the toll on their body over the long haul. "I'm just a little more technically sound now," they said. "I've sacrificed a little torque -- violent movement -- but the ball is still going as far, and it's not as hard on my body." Martin also has emphasized rest this offseason, which has helped to rejuvenate their leg strength. While they aren't punting, they were maintaining their body through yoga, massages and a functional core/mobility routine that is designed to stabilize their back. "Stuff that will be able to help me kick late into December, January -- even February -- without breaking down," Martin said. Between the much-needed rest and the tweaks to their form, Martin could have the leg strength to punt as well as kickoff once again for Detroit. But he'll have to head off a challenge from rookie Nate Freese first. Freese, a seventh-rounder from Boston College, said during rookie OTAs they plan to vie with Martin for kickoff duties. Martin took no offense to the comments -- "what else is they going to say?" -- but is also confident they can reclaim the job. "Call it what you want, but I'm confident," Martin said. "He's confident too -- they had a good year kicking off in college -- and the best guy is going to kick off. Whoever's going to help the team the most, it's going to that. "He's going to come in and compete and it doesn't bother me at all. He's confident, and they should be. I want us to win."
Major League Soccer said it will keep on eye on the public interest in the match next week between European soccer giants A.S. Roma and Paris Saint-Germain at Comerica Park.
Detroit business people Dan Gilbert and Tom Gores want an MLS expansion team — the league will award two this year and another two some time later — and a sellout crowd won't harm the market's chances of getting a club.
"Major League Soccer monitors the support for soccer in all 12 potential expansion markets, including marquee international events and crowds for soccer in the lower divisions throughout our country," Dan Courtemanche, MLS' executive vice president for Communications, said via email Friday afternoon.
By lower divisions, he's referencing Detroit City FC, the semi-pro team in Hamtramck that draws about 5,000 fans a game.
Organizers have said capacity for the game at Comerica Park, scheduled for 8 p.m. Wednesday, will be about 37,000 - smaller than the stadium's 41,000-seat capacity because of the field arrangement. A spokesperson for the ballpark said nearly 30,000 tickets have been sold so far. They start at $25. The game also will air live on ESPN 2.
Gilbert, the founder and chairperson of Quicken Loans Inc. and Rock Ventures LLC, and Gores, the private equity industrialist who bought the Detroit Pistons in 2011, want an expansion team to play at a proposed $1 billion 25,000-seat stadium and mixed-use development. Their goal is to have a stadium ready by 2020. The site they want is the half-built Wayne County Consolidated Jail at Gratiot Avenue and I-375, and they remain in talks with county government on securing the site.
A.S. Roma and Paris Saint-Germain, which have never met in competition before, are playing each other as part of the International Champions Cup, an eight-team round-robin preseason tournament that will have eight elite clubs playing matches at in 11 U.S. stadiums July 19-30. There are also ICC matches in China and Singapore with seven different clubs played concurrently with the U.S. tournament.
ICC matches have proven immensely popular in Michigan: Last year, the University of Michigan's Michigan Stadium hosted the ICC between Spain's Real Madrid and the England's Chelsea FC in front of 105,826 fans. A 2014 ICC match at the Big House between Manchester United and Real Madrid drew 109,318 fans, setting the U.S. record for soccer attendance.
Comerica Park was chosen for the A.S. Roma-Paris Saint-Germain match because those teams don't quite have the team name recognition of the clubs that played at Michigan Stadium, soccer insiders have said. The game is possible at Comerica Park because the Detroit Tigers have a seven-game road trip at Kansas City and Minnesota beginning Monday through July 23. The soccer pitch is expected to be laid after the Tigers wrap up their Sunday afternoon game against the Blue Jays.
The goals will be aligned roughly from left field and in front of the first base coach's box.
The pitcher's mound will be removed for Wednesday's match, and the infield will be sodded. About 50 percent of the stadium's turf will be replaced after the match, and it's expected the entire field will be resodded after the season.
The ICC tournament is organized by New York City-based Relevent Sports LLC, which is owned by Detroit-born New York real estate developer and billionaire Stephen Ross, a 1962 UM grad and the university's largest donor.
Relevant Sports contracts the teams, for undisclosed sums said to top $20 million in some cases, to play in the tournament. In turn, Relevant Sports makes money by selling the domestic and international television broadcast rights, along with corporate sponsorships and tickets.
In an event that's sure to bring a burst of adrenalin to computer geeks everywhere, the official Unix calendar is about to pass a milestone: exactly 1234567890 seconds since the clock first started ticking.
POSIX is the official a widely used time-keeping method for Unix and is measured in the number of seconds that have passed since January 1, 1970 at midnight UTC (not counting leap seconds). It has since been adopted by many other computer systems.
Of course, the milepost won't touch off the kind of cyber doomsday many worried about during the Y2K transition. Then again, it does bring attention to the vagaries of an overlooked mechanism that's become the de facto standard for computers everywhere to keep time. Can this thing continue on forever with no tweaking, or will it eventually need an overhaul?
(As one commenter has already pointed out, "Systems that use 32-bit signed integers for timestamps will start to fail in 2038 because signed ints use one bit for sign, leaving 31 bits for data. 2^31 is 2147483648, or approx 68 years.")
Then there's the date of the transition: Friday the 13th. Click here for a countdown to the event, which will hit at exactly 11:31:30pm UTC. ®
The man says, they were "suffering from delusional disorder that they were incarnation of Mahatma Gandhi and always used to believe that somebody is going to kill him." PTI
The Delhi High Court has trashed a convict's bizarre defence that they attempted to kill a man while suffering from a delusional disorder that led them to believe that they were an incarnation of Mahatma Gandhi.Raj Ballabh, sentenced to seven years jail and fined Rs 500 for attempting to kill the man near Rajghat on February 18, 2003, had moved the high court seeking acquittal on the ground that they suffered from the psychotic disorder. In their plea, Ballabh had said they were "suffering from delusional disorder that they were incarnation of Mahatma Gandhi and always used to believe that somebody is going to kill him" and the offence was committed under this mental condition. They also claimed they had undergone treatment in the Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences and remained an indoor patient in 1999.
"A person labouring under a delusion or a psychological or a psychiatric ailment would not be entitled to be acquitted on the ground of insanity unless it is established that at thetime when the crime was committed they were suffering the delusion, psychological or psychiatric condition and was incapable of knowing the nature of their act or that they were not knowing that what they were doing was wrong or contrary to law," Justice Sunita Gupta, dismissing their appeal, said.
The court said the accused took the plea of insanity belatedly only at the time of recording of testimonies of defence witnesses and not when prosecution witnesses were being examined during the trial. It also said the failed attempt of accused to flee from the crime scene was "suggestive of the fact that they understood consequences of their acts. That being so, they are not entitled to get benefit of section 84 (insane or a person suffering any psychological disorder at the time of offence cannot be convicted) of the IPC."
... contd.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Improving the health of men and boys is a surprisingly complicated task involving problems, paradigms and gender politics, according to men's health specialist Paul Hopkins.
---This is article #21 in our series of #100Voices4Men and boys
Consideration of a combination of the sciences of human biology - neuroscience, psychology, endocrinology, and socio-biology, alongside social determinants of health, plus recognition of the influence on health of overlying cultural factors appears a reasonable premise for academic study and action on health concerns, with different disciplines working together to achieve a common good. However, add the words ‘gender' and ‘male' and academe enters a place of paradigms, politics and problems.
Welcome to men's health: it's complicated.
People who consider health to be a generic subject may ask why a focus on men? Why - because there is a sound rationale for action on men's health. A cursory run through the evidence reveals that:
men die on average four years younger than women – and the gap has remained consistent throughout previous decades
cardiovascular disease is the largest cause of death of men in the UK, occurs at an earlier age in men and is a cause of premature male death
excluding breast cancer, men have a greater probability of cancer than women of most of the common cancers that befall both sexes
men are more likely to work in blue-collar jobs involving industrial processes that have an adverse affect on health
men are more likely to drink alcohol, smoke and use substances than women, more likely to be homeless or in prison
a disproportionate number of young males are killed in transport accidents and young men are consistently the group most at risk of suicide. The burden of suicide is three times greater in men
men tend to use health services less often than women and present themselves to health services at a later stage, often when their illness has advanced
services aren't constructed so that they're accessible to men; men may want to access preventative health services but they can't
So what are we doing about it?
Given the weight of evidence it could be argued that a substantial national male health policy such as those introduced in the Republic of Ireland or Australia should have been put into place, and gendered, preventative health work embedded as part of health work infrastructure. Australia also has a ‘National Women's Health Policy' to act on the differential needs of females. However, whilst gendered health work may seem a sensible step to health strategists in Ireland and Australia, Western countries with similar evidence of the burden of male health, the UK has a Gender Equality Act via which inequalities in health are supposed to be addressed.
This may work in terms of ensuring single sex hospital wards, but it does not provide dedicated, gender-based preventative health policies and the actions required to implement them. In the meantime, preventative health work is driven by single-silo strategies that pay passing heed to male health concerns; the national male health policy that would provide a driver for real preventative health work does not appear to be part of the mindset of the architects and bureaucracies of UK health PLC.
The advent of commissioning of preventative health services, allied to the dispersal of health promotion departments and the loss of skilled staff in this area is also problematic. Public health and health promotion are allied but different disciplines. Whilst some public health commissioners may have a background in health promotion work, the current strategic concentration on the fiscal aspect of value for money services and a bean-counter mentality does not sit easily with gendered health work. An understanding of male health, what works, how to engage with men and attract men to services is vital to the provision of preventative services.
Given the single silo nature of public health work, with commissioners concentrating on one health topic - mental health, sexual health, obesity et al, it is likely that few commissioners have an understanding of men's health, and even more unlikely to have undertaken serious study in the subject. Training, workshops or conferences would be a useful start, as might a discussion of the financial benefits of gendered work. But there's another issue – and this one also has an antipodean twist to it.
Is feminism a barrier to improving men's health?
Any truly objective training on male health, or any national policy would come up against a paradigm issue, an academic debate at the heart of work on male health that has encumbered the disciplines involved and has resonance for practitioners involved in implementing preventative work. Male Studies is a recent academic discipline that has a largely Australian and American basis and seeks to explain men's health outcomes based upon the biological sciences, social determinants and cultural factors mentioned at the beginning of this article.
Male Studies acknowledges that research into male health is not confined to any one discipline but covers a range of academic and professional disciplines and theories. The rationale appears straightforward, but for academics and practitioners wishing to establish Male Studies courses and undertake practical health work with men a politicised barrier is encountered; another humanities grounded academic discipline got there first.
There are two perspectives on male health. On one side is the Male Studies perspective already mentioned; on the other is a sociology-based camp that holds that masculinity is largely a social construct, that a traditional Western form of masculinity is damaging to health and thus work should be undertaken that challenges men on aspects of their masculinity, with an aim of decreasing risk-taking behaviours and improving health outcomes. A limited biological basis for men's health outcomes is acknowledged.
The genitor of this work is an Australian sociologist, Raewyn Connell. This perspective has its roots in gender studies and feminist critiques of men; Connell's 1995 work Masculinities is the formative text for this body of work. Men's Studies or Critical Studies on Men are terms used to describe the sociology-based camp, which has a global presence, with established courses in academic institutions in many countries. Sociologists argue that Male Studies perspectives are overly deterministic and fail to take into account men's hierarchical social practices as the key driver of men's health outcomes; that Male Studies perspectives of working with some men ‘as they are' may reinforce what is perceived as a harmful form of ‘masculinity'.
Are men behaving badly or are we helping men badly?
Male Studies advocates consider that health work should acknowledge male psychology and biology and the societal expectations, realities, and demands of men's lives. That the narrative of ‘men behaving badly' expressed by sociologists is a negative one, a deficiency approach of blaming males for health outcomes. Male Studies academics contend that male health work should concentrate on addressing the social determinants of health and consider the positive things that can be done to improve health, such as building social connections, promoting lifelong education, developing male friendly services and providing secure employment.
In a UK context, academic work and work that seeks to influence policy on male health is heavily weighted towards a sociology perspective. For example, the recent (2013) Men's Health Forum, Haringey Man MOT Project. A review of the literature: men's health-seeking behaviour and use of the internet, states that “there is a clear need for further studies to examine the influence of masculinities on how men behave.” It has been said elsewhere that the sociology-based work on ‘masculinities' and men's health holds a place of privilege in academia – primarily due to work being rooted in long-standing feminist and gender studies work.
The Male Studies biological, psychological, social determinants perspective is a more recent academic phenomenon. However, there is no university in the UK that has implemented work from this perspective - a Male Studies course. Indeed there is no university anywhere on the globe that is currently running such a course.
What became of the world's first Male Studies course?
A world first Male Studies course at an Australian university was the subject of a furore in the Australian press earlier in 2014. This emanated from an article by a journalist suggesting that the course was ‘antifeminist' and that those involved were ‘male rights' people. The intervention of the journalist occurred just prior to the launch of the course and whatever the official reasons were, it was cancelled. The first part of the course was a Male Health and Male Health Promotion component aimed at doctors, nurses and other health professionals; it was to be run by university staff and health professionals. Feminist academics rallied around the media article stating that there was no need for a Male Studies course and that feminism held the answers to men's health. You pay your money you take your choice – except there was no choice of course.
A concern is, is the debate about improving male health, or about the imposition of ideology? That adherence to an ideology based on equality is actually detrimental to one gender? That work that may enhance the health of men is stifled by an academic camp that purports that it has the answers based on an ideology, and that other perspectives are suppressed? Questions are asked but there has not been a meeting of academic minds; both camps are entrenched in their positions and there is a lack of dialogue between them other than to take pot shots and sling mud at each other. Don't expect this to be resolved any time soon
So where now? There is consensus on both sides of the argument on the evidence base for work with men and the need to do something about it. In terms of strategic thinking, the Australian National Male Health Policy took a pragmatic view. It considered the different perspectives and research on male health; it acknowledged in part the social construction perspective, but also stated that men do value and are interested in their health – that services are not male friendly in terms of access, branding of services and timing of service opening hours. Provision of male friendly services to improve access for men is part of a policy that those of us working in the UK can only hope and lobby for.
That any future UK policy would consider both sides of the argument is a concern given the historical dominance of ‘masculinities' in academia. In Australia and elsewhere, questions can be asked as to the motives for publication of an article sensationalising Male Studies work on the eve of the first Male Studies programme. In a global context the Male Health and Male Health Promotion course should have gone ahead. Not because of any tit-for-tat ideological argument, but because it allowed for consideration and application of other approaches to male health through the combination of different sciences and theories; approaches that may be beneficial to men's health, not only in Australia but in other countries that share a similar burden of male health concerns.
---Picture credit: Flickr/speedoglyn1
Paul Hopkins is a Men's Health Promotion Specialist and practitioner; their work includes clinical practice, public health, not-for-profit work and more recently work as a Research Associate for the University of South Australia.  They are currently involved in developing the Mengage (UK) initiative.
While it's always a tricky game trying to predict what future historians will say about present times, it's a safe bet to conclude that many will say it was no coincidence that the same year the U.S. elected its first female president, the Republicans devolved into a near-literal penis-measuring contest during what was supposed to be a primary debate. Donald Trump has forced a lot of arguments kept to the subtext in conservative politics — about race, gender, religious identity, money — right into the text and during Thursday night's Fox News debate in Detroit, they did it again.
Advertisement:
It's tempting to blame Trump, in all their short-fingered vulgarian glory, for this turn of events. Certainly, that's what Marco Rubio wants you to do, going on CNN to dramatically sigh about how they supposedly want to talk about the issues and how Trump is "the most vulgar person to aspire to the presidency". But it's worth remembering that Trump didn't start the dick joke cycle. It was Rubio himself, who started using a 80s-era Spy magazine dig at Trump for having small hands in their campaign speeches. Trump was just responding and, in classic Trump fashion, they dispensed with the pretenses.
But not to wallow too much in psychoanalyzing this whole thing, but it's hard to ignore the fact that the dick chatter escalated dramatically after Hillary Clinton racked up a substantial win on Super Tuesday, making it clear that they are almost certainly going to be the Democratic nominee. Conservatives have been in a state of sexist panic over women's growing social power for nearly five decades now, so it's really no surprise that, with the threat of the first female president looming over their heads, Republicans are going to contrive as many ways as possible to remind voters of the thing they have that Clinton doesn't: A penis.
This isn't even the first time in this race that conservatives have contrived a way to force conversation about genital differences between the frontrunner and the entire rest of the field, including Clinton's Democratic opponent, Bernie Sanders. In December — after Clinton turned in yet another excellent debate performance that uncomfortably reminds their sexist detractors that they are, despite the lady thing, a competent politician — conservatives, particularly Trump, made a point of talking about their lengthy bathroom break as much as they could. Because women have to sit instead of efficiently stand to pee, hur hur.
The choice to go genital during this race may not even be a conscious choice. Politicians and pundits live in the world, after all, and in the everyday world, it's common enough to reference people's genitals as a way to reinforce men's greater social power. We live in a society where "pussy" means "coward" and "dick," while not a pleasant thing to call someone, still connotes power. Even trans women aren't left out of the genital trolling, and are frequently subject to invasive interest about what kind of junk they have in their pants and whether that makes them "real" women.
But this isn't just about Hillary Clinton, though their mere presence is clearly provoking some ugly attitudes to come pouring out. On the contrary, this has been a long time coming. For literally decades now, the Republican Party has built a huge part of its identity around anti-feminism. This started in the '70s, when the religious right successfully fought and killed the Equal Rights Amendment, and really became central to the Republican identity when Ronald Reagan's presidency cemented the marriage between the anti-feminist religious right and their party. This was helped by the fact that Reagan was followed around by a wife who never failed to stare at them in wondrous rapture like being a man made them a god on earth.
The anti-feminism of Republicans manifests in many ways: Kneecapping efforts to pass and enforce equal pay laws, pushing marriage as the best and only way for women to be economically viable, demonizing feminists, minimizing sexual harassment and violence against women, Clarence Thomas on the Supreme Court. But the biggest, most forceful front of the Republican war on women, since the 70s, has been focused on, what else, genitals.
Advertisement:
The same week that we witnessed Republican candidates talking unsubtly about big dicks during a debate, the Supreme Court listened to a case about whether women have a right to control our own reproductive organs, no matter what size they may be. It's yet another case in a long and complex history of Republicans trying to dismantle the legal right to abortion, a right which symbolizes, to conservatives, the collapse of patriarchal authority in women's lives.
Ever since Barack Obama was elected president — and Hillary Clinton got real close, something Republicans do not forget, even if some Democrats do — the war on women's right to control their bodies has exploded. Republican-controlled states started passing hundreds of abortion restrictions. The Republican need to get into women's pants and control what we got in there often feels downright pervy. Many states require women who want abortions to undergo an ultrasound (most of which are vaginal) that is longer than is medically necessary. It's a law which, to be blunt, suggests that legislators enjoy punishing women who have sex by making them endure vaginally invasive medical procedures.
To add to this, the war on women expanded beyond abortion to contraception. The religious right has been quietly contraception-hostile for decades, but that hostility has gone mainstream in the Republican Party. Seemingly overnight, Planned Parenthood went from a relatively non-controversial provider of reproductive health care (with abortion being only a small portion of its work) to being Republican public enemy number one, with politicians competing over who will do the most to end subsidies for affordable contraception.
Add to that the widespread attacks on insurance coverage for contraception, which also used to be non-controversial, and you get the picture: Women are getting more powerful, and conservatives see genital-focused attacks as the best way to roll back women's gains.
Advertisement:
In this way, the big dick posturing of Thursday's debate was inevitable. Sure, it might not have gotten so blunt without Trump in the race, but for years this kind of anxious masculine preening has been growing on the right, which cannot be a coincidence in the face of feminism's popularity.
Through some obscure manipulation of the gaming industry ether, I was able to secure a pre-release copy of the much talked about new D&D Starter Red Box. Nico and I have been playing around with it and I thought I'd share my thoughts.
Chatty's Ultimate Capsule Review
The first product of the D&D Essentials product line, while likely to be the target of hordes of people who will complain that it is not what it could never be… is what I wished I opened in 1986.
It is an introduction to the D&D game that goes directly to the heart of things:
Here, let us show you how to make a PC while reading a “be your own hero”story, learn about skill checks and let's end it with a tactical fight. You liked that? Get 4 more friends, make basic characters and play this level 1 adventure that brings you to level 2. Want more? Here's material for the DM to create adventures to (almost) bring you up to level 3.
Welcome to D&D!
The Box…
…is beautiful. It features the same Larry Elmore art that featured on the last edition of the Basic Red box (Mentzer edition) from the 80's and scores a direct hit to the nostalgia part of our gamer lizard brains.
It contains softcovers Player's and Dungeon Master's Booklets, a sheet of 2-sided counters (PCs and monsters, including 2 dragons and a Gelatinous Cube) printed on thick cardboard, a set of opaque, white-inked black polyhedral dice, a foldup battlemap, 4 blank simplified character sheets and several sheets of punch-out power cards made of thin cardboard.
Nico, my 8 year old son, had lots of fun punching out the counters while I read the players book intro real fast to start the game. I was so looking forward to this…
The Solo Game
The box expects one player, presumably a kid who got the box as a gift or an adult curious about the game, to create their first D&D PC through reading a “choose your own path” adventure. The booklet guides the reader to make a few fundamental sets of choices that will lead to a completed character:
Class: Fighter, Wizard, Rogue, Cleric
Race: Elf, Dwarf, Human, Halfling
A preferred power (or two)
The PC's Skill Set
Lets be clear here, as I know this will anger many who clamour for “Basic D&D 2.0”, the starer is what is says on the box, a starter set. It is a complete game, but not a complete game system. Beyond picking among 4 basic classes and the same number of races, a handful of powers and skills, character generation is arguably anaemic (but better than the previous 4e starter set). The task resolution systems (skills/combat) are also simplified while still being very much 4e.
Nico and I played through the players book in 2 sessions. They grew bored a few times as they found we were spending more time setting up the PC than actually playing. They also got frustrated a bit that the skills we choose for their wizard never came into play in the skill-checks part of the adventure.
Nico: Why did you choose these skills if they don't help me run after the fleeing goblins?
Chatty: Wizards are not very good at running in the wild, trust me, it will get better soon.
I'd suggest parents playing with pre-tweens to make the PC beforehand (with input from your child) and start the solo game with a fully fleshed out PC and ignore the char-gen parts.
Once Nico got to choose the spells (mostly fire-based, as can be expected from a geeky 8 y.o.) and fought against the goblins in their lair, things picked up for them and they loved casting Burning Hands over much of the map.
Speaking of maps, three are supplied: a previously published “monsters lair” from D&D miniatures, along with “‘The crossroads” from the same starter set and an exclusive dungeon map made of tiles reproduced on a full-sized battle map.
Once the lone player has played through the first Player's playbook, he/she has 2 quests, a basic grasp of the game and a guide to teach it to up to four others (which implies photocopying the power cards if you want to allow multiple players to pick the same classes).
The Full Starter Game
That's where the second book, the Dungeon Master's, comes in. It presents the game's rules, in a simplified form (ex: gone are some conditions like restricted) and with a lot less skill/combat options (ex: no rule 42 charts, no traps, no alternative combat moves like Bull Rush and no skill challenge rules). It also includes a fully fleshed out dungeon adventure covering about 10 encounters featuring goblins, kobolds, drakes, a dragon.
Finally a D&D starter where there is both a dungeon & a dragon in its prepared material!
The book included tips and tricks to run games and does a very decent job to explain what the DM's responsibilities are. After the adventure, the book provides rules to level up all classes to level 2 (with appropriate power cards). It also describes how to create further basic adventures, including a decent bestiary and dungeon design advice, that can bring PC to the cusp of level 3, including a little DC chart, a list of lvl 2 Treasure parcels and a 2 page gazetteer on the Nentir Vale region, the core D&D 4e setting.
To summarize, the new Red Box is a 20$ starter set that introduces players to the D&D 4e game. The game delivers a 4e-lite experience that most likely should succeed in teasing those interested by the game's structure of play. It is very much 4e (auto-hit Magic Missile that Nico absolutely loves) with many of the fiddly bits removed.
Oh and there's a bonus solo adventure you can download by entering a code on the Wizards of the Coast website before the end of the year. That's a nice little bonus.
Trial by Ice Baby!
I've started playing the second part with Nico and my “I've never tried RPGs before” wife Alex (Elven Rogue). They both were awesome roleplayers trying to come up with a plan to invade the dungeon by distracting the guards with illusions and trickery.
When my son declared that a halfling wizard's Second Chance power (monster rerolls attack on a hit) allowed their PC to turn back time a few seconds and dodge a White Dragon's breath attack, this power's flavour text instantly became canon.
Later, when Alex's Rogue attacked the bloodied Ice Wyrm and missed, they triumphantly invoked their Elven Accuracy power and cried “yes!” noisily when they rolled a 19 on their d20. Not bad for their first RPG session ever.
The Blemishes
Some dark spots appear on this otherwise very well thought of product. Some incoherences in the rules appear due to what I assume to be incomplete editing. For instance, the rules on teleportation mention what happens to immobilized and restrained creatures that teleport, but the section on conditions makes no mention of the restrained status.
Similarly, the Magic Missile spell mentions that it can be used against up to 2 targets while my sources informed me that this has already been changed by the recent Magic Missile errata to one.
Nothing major… but these easily spotted editing issues are a continuing trend with Wizards product that can and do annoy customers.
That being said, I'm highly satisfied with this product and I would have bought it had I not been offered a review copy. I feel that it's the biggest shortcoming will be its impossibility to meet the inhuman expectations that the emotionally charged community will place behind it. I predict the Internet will ignore the “Starter” tag on the box and try to compare the new Red Box to its legendary progenitor.
This Starter Red Box is not the first step into a parallel line of D&D products, like the 198os editions of boxed D&D were in regards to Advanced D&D back then. The new box is what you should buy your nephews and nieces after they spend an afternoon playing with your minis in the basement. It's what you should suggest to your coworker who's always wanted to try D&D but was daunted by the number of books at the game store.
From there, the Essential line will feed this new generation of customers because, let's be honest here, while we can all enjoy D&D as a game, it remains a brand that pays the salaries of the designers, writers and marketers that put all of this together.
I don't know about you, but I much prefer an approach like Essentials, which I can stay away from if I so choose, than getting tricked into another 3.5. But that's an editorial for another time.
Final Score?
Now Nico wants to get their friend Felix and Charles to join us as we get ready to storm the goblin-infested dungeon again. Hell even Alex is more than willing to give it another try, provided the party has a fighter they can depend on to flank monsters with.
Mission accomplished Wizards. I can't say anything more.
(Update): It turns out that there is a skill challenge in the introductory DM-tun adventure. It is broken down in simple terms to run it but doesn't tell the DM how to build more.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is blaming Republicans for the National Institutes of Health turning away cancer patients. But when asked why the Senate wouldn't try to help "one child who has cancer" by approving a mini-spending bill, they shot back: "Why would we want to do that?"
The tense exchange occurred Wednesday, as Senate Democrats tried to lambaste Republicans ahead of a vote where the House ultimately approved funding the NIH and other agencies -- a bid to ease the pain amid the budget stand-off.
Reid has opposed the measures, saying that if Republicans want to end the government suspension they'll have to simply approve a "clean" budget bill -- devoid of any provision that would hurt ObamaCare.
But Reid was challenged at a Democratic press conference by CNN's Dana Bash about why the Senate wouldn't consider the NIH bill.
"If you can help one child who has cancer, why wouldn't you do it?" they asked.
Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., quietly asked, "Why pit one against the other?"
And Reid immediately chimed in: "Why would we want to do that? I have 1,100 people at Nellis Air Force base that are sitting home. They have a few problems of their own."
Reid's response was widely noticed by Republicans. "How out-of-touch and heartless can Senate Democrats be?" an email from the National Republican Senatorial Committee asked.
But Reid fired back, suggesting he's being taken out of context.
"Republicans are in such desperate straits that they have literally resorted to accusing me of not caring about kids with cancer. Shameful," their office tweeted.
Reid argues that the Republicans are trying to "pick and choose" what parts of government to keep open, and that they should be dropping their resistance to ObamaCare and voting to keep all government open.
"You talk about reckless and irresponsible. Wow. What this is all about is ObamaCare. They are obsessed. I don't know what other word I can use," Reid said.
Republicans say it's Democrats' refusal to negotiate the health law that has landed the country in this position.
"The entire government is shut down right now because Washington Democrats refuse to even talk about fairness for all Americans under ObamaCare," Mike Steel, spokesperson for House Speaker John Boehner, said in a statement. "Today, the House will continue to pass bills that reflect the American people's priorities."
Renzo Gracie has finally decided to share their side of the story on their nightclub brawl in New York City last week.
The UFC and PRIDE veteran, along with Andre Gusmao, and cousins Igor and Gregor Gracie were arrested outside the 1 OAK nightclub in New York following a brawl that involved one of the bouncers at the club. They were all arrested and charged with misdemeanour assault before being released on $10, 000 bail.
Molesphini, the nightclub bouncer involved in the brawl, would later tell the NY Post that they believed it was a "carefully planned" attack.
"He said the attack was "retribution for me not allowing two of their masters into the venue last week," Molesphini said. "This was a carefully planned and coordinated attack. The police arrested all seven of them."
Since Gracie had already put out a tweet claiming that the entire situation was a "misunderstanding," they joined Ariel Helwani's The MMA Hour on Tuesday afternoon to explain their side of the story.
"I would never hit someone who chickened out," Gracie said. "He asked for a towel. They asked to leave. I couldn't hit him.
"Now that they watched the tapes they realize nothing happened but me taking the guy down and mounting on him. When I was gonna start beating them up, they said to me ‘why are you doing this? I don't know you. Why are you beating me up?' You have to understand one thing. In my life, I promise that I'll never hit someone who chickened out. And the guy chickened out. I couldn't hit him."
"I stood up and at the same time an amazing bouncer that I know for a long day came up asking ‘Renzo, why are you doing this?' I stood up and said ‘I didn't know you were working here tonight. I apologize to you, I apologize coming to your place without talking to you first.' And I started walking, but the problem is that this same guy stood up and called all the bouncers and was telling them we were attackers. So as we were trying to make to the car, the bouncers are coming after us when the cops arrived."
Gracie believes the bouncer ultimately turned the incident into a "huge scandal," and that their group was the one that was outnumbered during the altercation.
"When the cops arrived they made a huge scandal and got us arrested. Many times the justice system doesn't work properly. We were the only ones arrested, there was no gang assault. There were three guys jumping on Igor and luckily nobody hit nobody. The only person that took someone down was me. My altercation was directly with this person that is accusing us."
Transcription taken from MMAFighting.com.
Image copyright PA Image caption Richard O'Brien originally hosted The Crystal Maze on Channel 4 from 1990-93
Classic 1990s game show The Crystal Maze is set to return for a one-off charity special.
Channel 4 confirmed to BBC News it was "looking at options" for the show, which would form part of its Stand Up To Cancer fundraiser in October.
According to reports, the problem-solving show would feature celebrity contestants, with former Doctor Who star David Tennant tipped to host.
However Channel 4 said it was "premature" to confirm the details.
The Crystal Maze originally ran from 1990-95 and was first hosted by Rocky Horror Show creator Richard O'Brien and then Ed Tudor-Pole in its last two years.
It saw members of the public tackle a range of physical, mental, skill and mystery timed challenges across four themed zones.
The format was recently revived as an immersive live experience in London thanks to a crowdfunded project.
Organisers for the The Crystal Maze experience told Buzzfeed the new Channel 4 special would be filmed on their premises.
Image copyright TheCrystalMaze/Instagram Image caption The Crystal Maze has been revived as an immersive experience in London
Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
by
“Too-tock-uh what?” my 8-year old asked, looking up at Yosemite's El Capitan.
The hiking guide said the word again: “Tutokanula—it means inchworm.”
We had inched our way to the midpoint of our first hike in Yosemite National Park, and our guide Sam (that's right, Yosemite Sam) explained that the Euro-American settlers and the native Miwok peoples who inhabited the valley had opposite ideas for naming the famous monolith. The newcomers called it The Captain, but the native name for it is “inchworm.” The 7,569 foot granite cliff was, in legend, the site where a humble inchworm helped rescue a bear cub when all the other animals' flashier strengths and talents proved useless. Humility and perseverance were the message, not mastery. One foot—one inch—in front of the other.
An Adventure in Senses
My own cubs were thirsty. Hiking the 8-mile Valley Floor Loop in 90 degree heat had taxed all of our perseverance and served up healthy doses of humility, but exploring Yosemite Valley first on foot, rather than by tram or tour bus, was a way to get close to the details of the flora and fauna, and to feel the immense power of the landscape at the same time. We explored the smooth holes worn in boulders where Miwok women had ground acorns for thousands of years. We learned to tell Pondersosa pines and incense cedars by their bark, and traced a relief map of the surrounding topography with our eyes closed. We stopped to wade in the ice-cold Merced River in view of Yosemite Falls.
Traversing the Valley Trails
Five days in Yosemite is a complete re-education in the human place in the large and small, and the best way to do it is by hand, foot, and tush. Hiking, biking, horseback riding, and rock climbing were ways to keep the kids close to the miniscule and still get the sweeping view of the grand scale. Hiking guide Sam also explained that the national park's name comes from a mistake: “Yosemite,” the phrase the Miwok called out to the arriving settlers to warn them about the bears, means “there are killers among us.” The older name for the place is “Ahwahnee,” meaning “wide mouth,” an apter name for the open valley that encompasses so much.
When feet get tired from walking, bikes for all ages can be rented at several locations on the Valley floor, which has many miles of paved bike trails. An expedition on horseback gave a different view, a slow ramble through pine woods to Mirror Lake. For kids over 12, rock-climbing classes provide safe, well-coached experiences with the immensity of the valley's famous granite cliffs. (Here is James, age 13, climbing their first spire, the 700 foot peak “Little Sister.”)
Finding Our Rhythm
Seasoned by a few days of exercise in the open air, we took one more long hike on our last day in the park—the breathtaking Panorama Trail. Bus service to Glacier Point, high above the valley, allowed us to begin a long descent within view of Half Dome and the westerly expanse immortalized by Albert Bierstadt's 1865 painting “Looking Down Yosemite Valley California.” The 9-mile hike follows sloping switchbacks to Illilouette Falls, continues with a stretch of hard climbing along the Panorama Cliff and a traverse to the top of Nevada Falls, then descends rock staircases along the Mist Trail. We needed gummi bears and several rounds “The Ants Go Marching” and “99 Bottles of Beer” to get us through, but the Panorama Trail reveals Yosemite in its splendor, and we arrived euphoric, filthy, and exhausted at Happy Isles.
We marched the kids over nearly 20 miles of trail, and covered at least that many cycling and riding. Yes, there was complaining, but there was also amazement and awareness. Keep moving, stop whining, find your rhythm, think of a song, look up: this was the advice I gave my kids in Yosemite, and it might be all I ever need to say.
Planning Your Trip
When you go, consider camping in one of the parks bustling and centrally located campgrounds, which have great amenities and lively family programs, or stay at the iconic and fabulous Ahwahnee Lodge, where you can take tea in an Adirondack chair under the cedars and the shadow of Half Dome while the kids kick a soccer ball on the lawn.
× Seattle's mayor: Lenin statue needs to come down
SEATTLE — Seattle's mayor wants Fremont's privately owned Lenin statue taken down, likening it to Confederate monuments as a symbol of “hate, racism and violence.”
A day after a small group led by conspiracy theorist Jack Posobiec called for the statue's removal, Mayor Ed Murray agreed it should be taken from its spot in the Seattle neighborhood.
“In the last few days, Seattleites have expressed concerns and frustration over symbols of hate, racism and violence that exist in our city. Not only do these kinds of symbols represent historic injustices, their existence causes pain among those who themselves or whose family members have been impacted by these atrocities. We should remove all these symbols, no matter what political affiliation may have been assigned to them in the decades since they were erected. This includes both Confederate memorials and statues idolizing the founder of the authoritarian Soviet regime. Both are on private property, but I believe the Confederate memorial at Lake View Cemetery and the Lenin statue in Fremont should be removed. We should never forget our history, but we also should not idolize figures who have committed violent atrocities and sought to divide us based on who we are or where we came from.”
The mayor further explained their desire in an interview with Q13 News' Brandi Kruse.
“I have had a position on that for years, because Fremont sits in my old legislative district,” Murray said. “That monument represents to many people in this city that their families having been murdered.”
Murray continued:
“I think it's time for these things to go,” they said. “They don't represent the best of who we are.”
The mayor reiterated that both the Lenin statue and the Confederate memorial at Lake View Cemetery were on private land and privately owned.
“We can't tell the private property owner what to do,” Murray said. “But we can say we think this isn't a good message to the city.”
An American military veteran and teacher spotted the sculpture in an Eastern European scrapyard 1989, and mortgaged their house to bring the sculpture to Issaquah. The teacher recognized the statue as a piece of art, regardless of its subject.
The statue is now owned by the teacher's family, and it sits at the “temporary viewing” site in Fremont while it's for sale for $250,000.
According to Fremont.com, the presence of the sculpture is supposed to elicit a wide range of responses as a piece of art.
Shortly after news of the mayor's call to bring the statue down, Posobeic tweeted, “We did it!!!”
The statue is often doused in red paint to draw attention to the atrocities committed while Lenin led the Soviet Union.
Pandagon is daily opinion blog covering feminism, politics, and pop culture. Come for the politics, stay for the complete lack of patience for the B.S. and bad faith coming from conservative leaders and pundits.
Thanks to Adam Lee for pointing me to the latest entry in the eternal atheist debate over whether it's better to be blunt or condescending to religious believers. It's clear that Steve Neumann, writing for the Daily Beast, is Team Condescension, from the headline, “The Case Against In-Your-Face Atheism”. As Lee notes, in-your-face is defined largely as unapologetic, a willingness to say you think religion is false or silly, instead of giving it special due that you might not extend to other false beliefs, like global warming denialism or belief in ghosts. Sadly, Neumann's argument is wholly unconvincing:
Think about what religion is—a total worldview that lets each believer feel like she's found meaning and purpose in a bewildering universe. So, it's not much of a stretch to argue that people are reluctant to give up their religious beliefs when they are intimately tied to their sense of self-worth. It's one thing to give up a belief about a political or scientific fact that doesn't directly affect your life—like whether or not global warming is caused by humans. But it's another thing to give up a belief that you think determines whether you'll be strumming a harp with angels or stuck on the business end of the Devil's pitchfork after you die.
The notion that global warming denialists are easier to pry off their delusions than the religious is Neumann's first mistake. But it speaks of a larger misconception about religion that seems to be common for Team Condescension: The belief that identity, ethics, and beliefs flow from religion, when, in reality, religion functions more as a way to justify identity, ethics and beliefs that already exist. Lee cites an excellent example: “For example, many evangelical Christians have convinced themselves that climate change is a ‘spiritual deception' whose aim is ‘killing Jesus‘.” This is why the same religion, Christianity, can produce people who are liberals who work for the poor and people who run around saying, “if any would not work, neither should they eat.” If anything, religion is more of an empty set than most beliefs. Conservative Christians wouldn't care if I wrote a piece decrying liberal Christians as self-deluded fools. People are not especially protective of religion in and of itself. They are touchy because it's a supernatural defense of what they already wanted to believe, and therefore hard to defend. So they get defensive, as is human nature when your belief is hard to defend.
Indeed, this is why the very premise of Neumann's piece—and the arguments of Team Condescension generally—is all wrong. They write:
Like any sales campaign, movement atheism is selling a worldview, and so, we should not only point out the deficiencies of the competition, but we should also highlight the positive attributes of our “product.” And the old adage that people don't buy from people they don't like certainly applies to atheism as well. How we go about attacking what's bad and wrong about religion as well as promoting what's good and right about atheism matters.
They continue to argue that if we soft-pedal our arguments and engage in plenty of hand-holding and affirmation, we'll convert more people, because “self-affirmation that is needed for sincere believers to be open to changing their beliefs”. As noted, Neumann is really condescending to believers, even as they clearly imagine themselves to be a likable, respectful sort of fellow.
It's that kind of condescension that is why this entire strategy isn't as clever as its proponents would believe. The funny thing is that Neumann's not wrong to grasp that people take their religious belief seriously and are not open to hearing they're wrong. But they don't really ponder what this means, instead assuming that you can somehow trick your way past their defenses by pretending to be more respectful than you actually are. This is nonsense. Most people are going to be just as hostile to a “gentle” appeal to atheism as a “firebrand” one, because no matter how you phrase it, the mere fact that you're disagreeing with a belief that they are already defensive about—because they know full well that it's not logical—is going to set most people off. Speaking in softer tones doesn't get around the real reasons people don't like atheists, which is that we provoke their already doubts that are hard enough to suppress without a bunch of people around showing you don't have to. Putting new curtains up won't make someone buy a house if they think it's haunted.
That's why making this passage so very wrong:
Like any good marketer, Silverman says they have sales figures proving their approach is working. In a talk they gave about firebrand atheism, they claimed that their data, based on an analysis of Google searches for the word “atheist” performed over the past several years, shows that their in-your-face approach is working. They claim there have been “942,000 new self-described atheists and 1,250,000 agnostics” in the past several years. However, those numbers are suspect; Silverman told me over Twitter that those new atheists and agnostics represent so-called “closeted atheists,” not those who have de-converted because of firebrand atheism.
The implication is that persuasion doesn't count if the person had already decided, in their heart, that they didn't believe in God—with the other implication being that the “soft” approach will somehow get “pure” converts, people who are somehow persuaded strictly by your arguments and not because of their pre-existing doubts. That is pure silliness. The reality is that pretty much no one changes their mind by being argued into their new position through clever rhetoric and logic. People believe what they want to believe. Atheists are never going to de-convert people from actual full-on religious belief. The best they can do is reach out to people who already have doubts. And there's no reason to think firebrands aren't just as capable of that as the condescenders. If anything, firebrands might have an edge in many cases. If you're secretly doubting if God is real, seeing someone who publicly scoffs at God without having lightening bolts fly out of the sky to crush them might give some doubters the confidence they need to come forward. Or, in some cases, being condescended to might actually turn a doubter off. The ugly fact of the matter is that persuasion mostly happens in the head of the person changing their mind, and there's no real formula for getting through. The best you can do is let people know they're not alone and give voice to what they're already thinking, something the firebrands are clearly better at than the condescenders.
Look, I get that defensive reactions are unpleasant. They're supposed to be! The defensive reaction's entire purpose is to get the person saying uncomfortable things to shut up about it already. It would be a pointless waste of energy if it never worked. And I'm quite amenable to the idea that it's pointless to target religious individuals with aggressive arguments they don't want to hear. But the firebrands Neumann is castigating don't do that. They are simply making bold arguments publicly. No one is forced to listen to them. If it hurts your feelings, just shut it off.
But when people are nursing doubts, sometimes the biggest obstacle to admitting it is the taboo against criticizing religion. Seeing someone unapologetically smash that taboo shows there's nothing to be afraid of. Seeing even self-described atheists tip-toeing about, honoring a taboo isn't going to give you much confidence to violate that taboo yourself. And, as Lee notes, there really is no way to state an atheist belief out loud without inherently criticizing religion, so really the only way to tip-toe around the taboo is to avoid the topic of why you don't believe entirely. Which is definitely not how to persuade people.
Israel's decision to grab nearly 1,000 acres of Palestinian land to build settlements was condemned by David Cameron yesterday as ‘utterly deplorable'.
Israel announced on Sunday that an area of the West Bank, near existing settlements at Etzion, south of Bethlehem, has been designated as ‘state land' which means it can be used for homes for Israelis.
The move came days after an indefinite ceasefire brought an end to weeks of conflict in Gaza during which more than 2,100 Palestinians and 73 Israelis were killed.
Scroll down for video
Condemned: David Cameron used unusually strong language to condemn Israel's land grab
The existing settlement of Gevaot in the Gush Etzion settlement bloc near Bethlehem. The 1,000 acres of Palestinian land which is being seized is also near the city
Israel has been criticised for its move to seize 1,000 acres of Palestinian land. It is expected to be used to extend settlements close to the existing Gush Etzion settlement bloc (above) near Bethlehem
Israel's land grab will extend existing settlements around Bethlehem, which is already host to the Gaveot settlement (above). Like most West Bank settlements it is heavily guarded with a perimeter fence
Land grab: Israeli soldiers swooped on 1,000 acres of Palestinian territory yesterday, sending a shock wave of anger across the Arab world (stock image)
Israeli anti-settlement group Peace Now accused Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of building obstacles to the creation of a Palestinian state and a lasting peace.
Mr Cameron, addressing MPs on the summer crises in Iraq, Russia and Gaza, used unusually strong language to condemn the move.
They said that while Israel had a right to defend its civilians against the ‘terrorist tactics' of Hamas, this did not mean supporting all the Israeli government's decisions.
‘The appropriation of nearly 1,000 acres of land in the West Bank near Bethlehem is utterly deplorable,' they said.
‘Settlements are illegal under international law and will do nothing to create the kind of peace process we all want, and we urge the Israeli government to reverse this decision.'
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said it was ‘a particularly ill-judged decision that comes at a time when the priority must be to build on the ceasefire in Gaza.'
The US also criticised the move, calling it ‘counterproductive to Israel's stated goal of a negotiated two-state solution with the Palestinians'.
Protest: Israel's actions in the West Bank have led to large-scale protests by Palestinians, like this last week
Tensions: Recent tensions have culminated in a series of heated clashes between Palestinian youths and Israeli soldiers, who remain in the occupied territory
Mr Cameron has faced criticism over their response to the crisis, in which they have staunchly backed Israel's right to defend itself in the face of constant rocket attacks from Hamas.
But they have long criticised the illegal settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, where around half a million Israelis live. Israel captured the West Bank from Jordan during the Six Day War in 1967.
Israel Radio said the step was taken in response to the kidnapping and killing of three Jewish teens by Hamas militants in the area in June.
Tensions stoked by the incident quickly spread to Israel's border with Gaza, which is controlled by Hamas, and the two sides engaged in a seven-week war that ended on Tuesday with an Egyptian-brokered ceasefire.
- U.S. State Department official This announcement, like every other settlement announcement Israel makes, planning step they approve and construction tender they issue, is counterproductive to Israel's stated goal of a negotiated two-state solution with the Palestinian
The notice published on Sunday by the Israeli military gave no reason for the land appropriation decision.
Peace Now, which opposes Israeli settlement activities in the West Bank, territory the Palestinians seek for a state, said the appropriation was meant to turn a site where 10 families now live adjacent to a Jewish seminary into a permanent settlement.
Construction of a major settlement at the location, known as 'Gevaot', has been mooted by Israel since 2000. Last year, the government invited bids for the building of 1,000 housing units at the site.
Peace Now said the land seizure was the largest announced by Israel in the West Bank since the 1980s and that anyone with ownership claims had 45 days to appeal. A local Palestinian mayor said Palestinians owned the tracts and harvested olive trees on them.
Israel has come under intense international criticism over its settlement activities, which most countries regard as illegal under international law and a major obstacle to the creation of a viable Palestinian state in any future peace deal.
Nabil Abu Rdainah, a spokesperson for Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, called on Israel to cancel the appropriation. 'This decision will lead to more instability. This will only inflame the situation after the war in Gaza,' Abu Rdainah said.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu broke off U.S.-brokered peace talks with Abbas in April after the Palestinian leader reached a reconciliation deal with Hamas, the Islamist movement that dominates the Gaza Strip.
In a series of remarks after an open-ended ceasefire halted the Gaza war, Netanyahu repeated their position that Abbas would have to sever their alliance with Hamas for a peace process with Israel to resume.
Unstable: A spokesperson for Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas (pictured), called on Israel to cancel the appropriation, saying it would lead to 'more instability' and inflame the war
At odds: President Barack Obama has been at odds with Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu over settlements since taking office in 2009. This was the latest point of contention between Washington and its top Middle East ally Israel, which also differ over Iran nuclear talks
The administration of President Barack Obama, who has been at odds with Netanyahu over settlements since taking office in 2009, pushed back against the land decision. It was the latest point of contention between Washington and its top Middle East ally Israel, which also differ over Iran nuclear talks.
'We have long made clear our opposition to continued settlement activity,' said the State Department official, who declined to be identified.
'This announcement, like every other settlement announcement Israel makes, planning step they approve and construction tender they issue, is counterproductive to Israel's stated goal of a negotiated two-state solution with the Palestinians,' the official said.
After the collapse of the last round of U.S.-brokered peace talks, U.S. officials cited settlement construction as one of the main reasons for the breakdown, while also faulting the Palestinians for signing a series of international treaties and conventions.
Israel has said construction at Gevaot would not constitute the establishment of a new settlement because the site is officially designated a neighbourhood of an existing one, Alon Shvut, several km (miles) down the road.
The fairytales have been written, all positions have been filled and, in eight short months, the 2018 FIFA World Cup will kick off in Russia.
MORE: De Rossi refuses to go on for Italy: 'Why the f***?' | Jurman: Socceroos always had complete faith in Postecoglou's tactics
But first, there's the group stage draw. Who will Australia face and how does the new format work? We've broken down what you need to know ahead of the draw.
WHEN IS THE 2018 WORLD CUP DRAW?
Good news if you're looking for an excuse to avoid putting the Christmas tree up: the draw will be held on Friday, December 1.
Could take all day (it won't). Can't possibly assist in decorating a fake tree with breakable items.
HOW DOES IT WORK?
FIFA have attempted to simplify the draw for the 2018 World Cup with the 32 teams now divided into four pots with the seven top-ranked teams - plus hosts Russia - in pot one, the next eight-ranked teams in pot two and so on.
The countries will be divided into eight groups of four from A to H with each side playing three times before the top two advance to the second round.
WHICH POT WILL AUSTRALIA BE IN?
Because we're one of the lower-ranked sides at the tournament, we'll be in pot 4. Don't worry, pot 4 is like the back of the school bus: cool kids only.
WHAT POTS WILL THE QUALIFIED COUNTRIES BE IN?
COUNTRY HOW THEY QUALIFIED OCTOBER FIFA RANKING POT Russia Hosts 65 1 Brazil CONMEBOL winner 2 1 Iran AFC third round group A winner 34 3 Japan AFC third round group B winner 44 4 Mexico CONCACAF winner 16 2 Belgium UEFA group H winner 5 1 South Korea AFC third round group A runner-up 62 4 Saudi Arabia AFL third round group B runner-up 63 4 Germany Group C winner 1 1 England Group F winner 12 2 Spain Group G winner 8 2 Nigeria CAF group B winner 41 4 Costa Rica CONCACAF runner-up 22 3 Poland Group E winner 6 1 Egypt CAF group E winner 30 3 Iceland Group I winner 21 3 Serbia Group D winner 21 3 Portugal Group B winner 3 1 France Group A winner 7 1 Uruguay CONMEBOL runner-up 17 2 Argentina Third place, CONMEBOL 4 1 Colombia Fourth place, CONMEBOL 13 2 Panama Third place, CONCACAF 49 4 Senegal CAF Group D winner 32 3 Morocco CAF Group C winner 48 4 Tunisia CAF Group A winner 28 3 Switzerland Group B runner-up, won two-leg play-off against North Ireland 11 2 Croatia Group I runner-up, won two-leg play-off against Greece 18 2 Sweden Group A runner-up, won two-leg play-off against Italy 25 3 Denmark Group E runner-up, won two-leg play-off against Ireland 19 Australia Destiny 43 4 Peru Beat New Zealand in Oceania Zone - South American Zone intercontinental play-off 10 2
HAVE ANY BIG-NAME COUNTRIES MISSED OUT?
Italy? Gone. Chile? On holidays already. Netherlands? Won't be there! The United States? Yeah, nah, not going.
It's been a manic finish to the qualifying process but, if you're looking to expand your support during the World Cup, look no further than Panama, who are in their first World Cup finals.
Also, it's possibly Van Halen's greatest song. Panama!
WHERE IS THE DRAW BEING HELD?
If fortified historic monuments are your thing then you are in luck. Russian Federation President Vladimir Putin will only have to pad downstairs in their slippers for the 2018 World Cup group stage draw because it's being held at the State Kremlin Palace inside the Moscow Kremlin - the same complex as their residence.
It won't be a small affair either: the venue is typically used for ballet and opera with a capacity around the 6,000 mark.
IS IT STREAMED?
If it isn't streamed, does it really happen? Well, yes, but you're in luck regardless: FIFA.com will handle all the live streaming.
SENSATIONAL. CAN I STILL BUY TICKETS TO THE WORLD CUP?
Gee whiz, you'll want to be fast. As of the end of the Socceroos game, 622,117 tickets have been allocated from 3.5 million applications, with 57 per cent of them going to our good friends in Russia. You can snag a maximum four tickets per game for up to seven games. Get them here.
According to a new study, dominant species with a population spread around the globe are just as vulnerable in a mass extinction as more fragile species confined to a single locale. In the Earth's history there has been five mass extinction events, including climate change caused by volcanoes and an asteroid hit 66 million years ago that wiped out the dinosaurs.
Generally, geographically widespread animals are less likely to become extinct than animals with smaller geographic ranges, giving them a hedge against regional environmental catastrophes. But a study by UK scientists has found this insurance is made useless during global mass extinction events, and that widely distributed animals are just as likely to suffer extinction as those that are less widespread.
Dr Alex Dunhill, from the School of Earth and Environment at the University of Leeds, and Professor Matthew Wills from the University of Bath's Milner Centre for Evolution, investigated the fossil record of land-living vertebrates, which includes dinosaurs, from the Triassic and Jurassic periods (252-145 million years ago).
Dissapearing Insurance
They found that although large geographic ranges do offer insurance against extinction, this insurance disappeared across a mass extinction event that occurred around 200 million years ago, at the Triassic-Jurassic boundary, associated with massive volcanic eruptions and rapid climate change which caused the demise of around 80 per cent of species on the planet.
Not good news for humans.
This is the first ever study analyzing the relationship between geographic range and extinction in the terrestrial fossil record. The results are similar to those obtained from the marine invertebrate fossil record.
Dr Dunhill said:
“The fact that the insurance against extinction given by a wide geographic distribution disappears at a known mass extinction event is an important result. Many groups of crocodile-like animals become extinct after the mass extinction event extinct at the end of the Triassic era, despite being really diverse and widespread beforehand. In contrast, the dinosaurs which were comparatively rare and not as widespread pass through the extinction event and go on to dominate terrestrial ecosystems for the next 150 million years. These results shed light on the likely outcome of the current biodiversity crisis caused by human activity. It appears a human-driven sixth mass extinction will affect all organisms, not just currently endangered and geographically restricted species.”
Alexander M. Dunhill & Matthew A. Wills
Geographic range did not confer resilience to extinction in terrestrial vertebrates at the end-Triassic crisis
Nature Communications 6, Article number: 7980 doi:10.1038/ncomms8980
Illustration: “Thalassiodracon BW” by Nobu Tamura CC BY 2.5
.
ARLINGTON, Texas -- This was a rare treat for a baseball team that's been on hard times for the bulk of the season.
Guilder Rodriguez, a career minor leaguer, got their second big league start on Monday night for the Texas Rangers and delivered for their dad by getting their first big league hit, RBI and run scored in a 4-3 win over the Houston Astros.
Rodriguez, 31, was excited about the opportunity to play because their father, Guillermo, hadn't seen them participate in a baseball game in the States since Low-A ball in 2004.
Yeah, 2004.
Career minor leaguer Guilder Rodriguez got a well-deserved Gatorade bath from their Texas Rangers teammates on Monday night. Tom Pennington/Getty Images
The biggest hit of the game came from Rodriguez who singled over the head of shortstop Jonathan Villar for their second hit of the game, breaking a 3-3 tie in the bottom of the seventh inning.
"This is one of the best moments of my life," said Rodriguez, who ended an 0-for-6 spell. "My first big league hit, my first RBI, my father in the stands, my wife. This is my second-best moment, after my two daughters were born."
Rodriguez has played for just two organizations, Milwaukee and the Rangers. Their home ballpark has been in minor league cities such as Helena, Beloit (where their dad saw him), Huntsville, Frisco, Oklahoma City and Round Rock. He's played in the Dominican Republic when the season was over, where their dad would travel from Venezuela to see him.
Along the way, Rodriguez became a mentor to several players who are now in the big leagues. Luis Sardinas and Rougned Odor played with Rodriguez in Double-A and started in the infield with them Monday.
The pitcher whom Rodriguez got their big hit off, Nick Tropeano, they knew from the minor leagues.
A roommate from that 2004 game in Beloit, catcher Carlos Corporan, plays for the Astros and remembered their dad being at that game.
So you could say Rodriguez is the old sage without the big league résumé.
After Rodriguez got their first big league hit, their father was crying in the stands while hugging their daughter-in-law. The entire Rangers bench was standing and the crowd, announced at 28,717, also stood and cheered.
As the game progressed, Rodriguez caught a popup on the run, committed an error on a roller to third and got fired up with the game on the line.
Tropeano intentionally walked Robinson Chirinos with a man on and two out to pitch to Rodriguez.
"I faced Tropeano a lot in the minor leagues," Rodriguez said. "The last three years, I know how they throw and I'm very familiar with them at home plate."
Tropeano was behind 1-0 in the count, and Rodriguez guessed fastball and got one. They sent it to left for the go-ahead run.
Rodriguez also helped calm their relief pitcher. After starter Derek Holland departed following a leadoff single in the eighth, reliever Roman Mendez got into trouble with a one-out walk.
Rodriguez approached their fellow rookie to calm theirs nerves.
"He told me to keep my pitches down," said Mendez, who retired the next two hitters to end the inning. "He saw the hitters that were coming up and they wanted to make sure I was calm."
When their night was over, Rodriguez was given a Gatorade shower by veteran shortstop Elvis Andrus, who is, well, just 25.
"I think the only way to describe it is special," interim manager Tim Bogar said. "When they got their first hit, it was hard not to cry looking at their dad. It was pretty special. They got a chance to do it in front of their dad. And the second hit that gave us the lead is kind of storybook for us."
CTV Kitchener
A public meeting was held in Waterloo Tuesday evening for residents living in the area of the Waterloo landfill.
At the Waterloo Region Landfill Liason Committee meeting, officials with Waste Management gave residents a tour of the site and presented water sample results and studies on the landfill.
Some of the concerns local residents have been litter, noise, and odour and many say the dump's strong smell can be picked up from the area of University and Ira Needles.
Linda Churchill, with Region of Waterloo Waste Management, says they're hoping to find a way to track the smell and find a way to resolve the issues.
“The suggestion from tonight was to develop some sort of web forum to be able to document when odours are present in the community,” says Churchill.
The next public meeting will be on Feb. 7 at 7 p.m. at the Waterloo Landfill Administration building.
An Uber sign is seen in a car in New York Thomson Reuters Nick Hanauer and David Rolf outline a solution to what they (and Hillary Clinton, it seems) argue is a big, big problem right now: economic insecurity created by the growing sharing/on-demand/gig economy. Americans need a new social contract, one that brings more certainty and tangible benefits to all these part-timers and independent contractors. As they explain in Democracy Journal:
This is the new "you're on your own," benefit-free, race-to-the-bottom reality for millions of American workers. And as more new innovative businesses and business models are invented, this process will only accelerate. As the sharing economy kicks into high gear, more and more Americans will become independent contractors activated at the touch of a button on an app, working for a fleet of employers. … A robust set of mandatory universal benefits would put all employees and employers alike on an equal footing, while providing the economic security and certainty necessary for the middle class to thrive.
iTunes So what does this new social contract look like? It consists of two parts, what Hanauer and Rolf have termed a "Shared Security Account" and "Shared Security Standards." here is how this system works:
Mandatory accrued benefits should include a minimum of five days a year of paid sick leave, 15 days a year of paid vacation leave, a matching 401(k) contribution, and the same health insurance premium contribution as currently required under the Affordable Care Act (ideally, health care would fall into the insurance benefit category, but that is a larger battle). Employers—that is to say entity is paying the worker—would be required to contribute to the worker's Shared Security Account with each paycheck, with the contributions prorated based on a standard eight-hour day, 40-hour week, and 2,080-hour year. For example, 20 days a year of combined vacation and sick leave is equivalent to a contribution of $0.0769 for every dollar of wages paid, and that is the rate at which companies like TaskRabbit and Uber would contribute for non-hourly piecework. … Mandatory insurance benefits should include unemployment, workers' compensation, and paid maternity, paternity, family, and medical leave. These would not be cash benefits that the employee could accrue and cash out, but rather pooled insurance to which both the employer and employee would contribute small premiums as a percentage of pay, based on actuarial tables. An Uber car is seen parked with the driver's lunch left on the dashboard in Venice, Los Angeles Thomson Reuters
These SSAs would be prorated, portable, and universal:
But all mandatory benefits that normally accrue to full-time employees on a daily basis—sick days, vacation days, health insurance, unemployment insurance, workers' compensation insurance, retirement matching, Social Security, and Medicare—should also accrue to part-time employees (hourly, salaried, or contract) and sharing-economy providers on a prorated hourly or equivalent basis. … Job-based benefits no longer make sense in an economy where fewer and fewer workers hold traditional jobs. This is why these accrued benefits must be fully portable, following the worker from job to job, or contract to contract. … Because benefits from multiple employers are pooled into the same account, portability and proration work together to provide workers with the full panoply of benefits, even within the flexible micro-employment environment of the sharing economy. …
In the new economy, a basic set of benefits and labor standards must be universal across all employers and all forms of employment, with few exceptions or exemptions. While there is much to recommend the innovations introduced by companies like Uber and TaskRabbit, they are currently exploiting gigantic loopholes in our social contract by transforming jobholders into independent contractors, thus stripping them of essential benefits. A robust set of mandatory universal benefits would put all employees and employers alike on an equal footing, while providing the economic security and certainty necessary for the middle class to thrive.
Let's assume for moment that concern about the uncertainty of the "gig economy" is widespread — far more than just among journalists in the Acela corridor who take Uber and worry they will soon be paid per story. Let's assume this is a serious problem needing a solution, and ASAP. So maybe this alternative approach: Rather than running all those mandated benefits through employers as H&R propose, allow wages to rise in offset and make it easier for workers to save their own dough to meet the vicissitudes of life. Even nudging workers to do so. And also maybe even different tax-preferred savings accounts for different purposes. (Obviously this is a simplified version.) I mean, isn't it generally accepted, for instance, that workers pay for the majority of health insurance costs, through lower wages as well as through explicit premiums? Why would we want to double-down and considerably expand that approach?
If you thought spending Golden Week in China was hell, try spending it in cramped rooms inside an airport.
Over the National Day holiday, more than 100 Chinese tourists were denied entry to the popular South Korean resort island of Jeju. Tourists claim that after being denied entry they were told by customs officers that they could either purchase new tickets back home or wait for their return flights inside the airport.
At the airport, tourists told Chinese media that they were restricted to only certain rooms, forced to sleep in a room bare of anything except for electrical outlets to charge their phones (mandated by Geneva Convention) — no beds, pillows, sheets, sleeping bags or mattresses.
As for food, tourists say that that they had to pay 50 yuan for set meals of bland airport food.
Some travelers lived like that for more than five days while waiting for their flight home.
Pictures and videos of the Chinese tourists' basic living conditions have gone viral on Chinese social media, provoking outrage from netizens and calls for Chinese tourists to boycott the island.
This whole thing comes as quite the surprise considering that Jeju Island has a well known 30-day, visa-free policy for Chinese tourists, who make up the vast majority of the island's visitors. Implemented in 2008, the controversial policy has turned the island into a Chinese tourism gold mine, but it has also led to an increase in crime.
One of the stranded Chinese tourist surnamed Zhang told reporters that they had been denied entry to Jeju because they had not printed out a confirmation from the hotel after booking a five-day tour of the island for themselves and their wife online. The report fails to add why Zhang couldn't have simply printed out the tickets at the airport.
It's also not clear if the island's authorities are cracking down on Chinese tourists due to a pair of explosive incidents last month and intense pressure from the public. In early September, a group of rowdy Chinese tourists beat up a restaurant owner on the island after they told them not to bring in drinks from outside. One week later, a Chinese tourist stabbed a Korean woman to death as they were praying at a local chapel because they reminded them of their ex-wife.
Following these unfortunate incidents, over 11,000 locals signed a petition calling for an end to visa-free entry for Chinese tourists; however, Governor Won Hee-ryong has dismissed the possibility that the program would be canceled.
According to Sina, 1,000 visitors every month are denied entry to Jeju, so it's unclear if anything has really changed.
During the holiday, the Chinese consulate-general in Jeju worked with South Korean authorities to try and sort out the problems. Still, it seems that many tourists had no choice but to spend their vacation stuck inside an airport. The consulate-general has warned Chinese travelers that they must provide valid passports, itinerary and accommodation information in order to enter the island.
[Images via Sina]
Lunch deals in Shanghai
Shanghaiist Tickets
After winning one of the most implausible nomination campaigns in American history, Trump simply can't be dismissed as a sure loser to Hillary Clinton. The worse they behave, the more electable they look.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
If they do win, it will be like installing a whole new operating system in American politics. When Trump 1.0 boots up, the desktop will look very different, the menus will be alarming, and familiar keystrokes will produce bizarre results, no results at all, or crashes.
A year of mere denial of such a prospect has brought us to this point, so let's drop denial and think through the possibility of a Trump presidency. What then?
Some observers have commented on alarming aspects of Trump's personality. Tony Schwartz, the ghostwriter who wrote Trump's The Art of the Deal considers them a “sociopath”: A New Yorker article quotes them as saying, “I genuinely believe that if Trump wins and gets the nuclear codes there is an excellent possibility it will lead to the end of civilization.” Online political commentator Ezra Klein explains why Trump's nomination “is the first time American politics has left me truly afraid.”
James Kirchick, a foreign policy wonk, has even said a military coup would follow as soon as President Trump ordered the U.S. armed forces to violate international law.
Stress reveals our true character, and at least some of the commentariat already see in Trump an existential threat to democracy. So they are already thinking about a military coup if that's what it takes to restore the status quo.
The Wall Street Putsch
This would be quite a stunt in a country with two and a half centuries of military subordination to civilian governments. The closest the U.S. ever came to a coup was probably the Wall Street Putsch in 1933, when a handful of financiers tried to recruit Smedley Butler, a retired marine general, to lead a coup against then-new president Franklin Roosevelt. The general blew the whistle on them, the coup went nowhere, but no one was ever charged.
The financiers clearly saw FDR as an existential threat and were ready to sacrifice democracy to preserve their own wealth. In the following 83 years, no American has seriously argued for a coup (in their own country, at least) until the ascent of Donald Trump.
But that was then and this is now. Could we really see the military take over the White House in the spring of 2017? I doubt it very much.
First, don't put any trust in the U.S. military's respect for law. After the Spanish-American War, American soldiers gained control of the Philippines by massacres and waterboarding. In the last half-century, American senior generals have:
advocated invading Cuba during the October 1962 missile crisis;
authorized the training of Latin American soldiers in the torture of political dissidents;
thrown hundreds of thousands of their own soldiers into Southeast Asia, while secretly bombing neutral countries like Laos and Cambodia;
gone along with the illegal invasion of Iraq and all that followed from that, including Guantanamo and its illegal treatment of “illegal combatants”; and
run a drone war from Afghanistan to Syria, killing unknown but growing numbers of civilians.
Ready for dirty work
So I expect that President Trump would find themselves in possession not only of the nuclear codes, but of a military quite prepared to do their dirty work right up to a nuclear war. At least they'd get to see what such a war was really like.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff might be Trump's lapdogs, but other branches of the government will be less obliging. Not once, but twice, Americans voted for both Barack Obama and their sworn enemies, the insane-right Republicans who dominate (or simply cripple) the House and Senate. So Trump could win the White House while the Democrats win the House or Senate or both. They would certainly give Trump a taste of the medicine that Republicans have given Obama for the last eight years. (And a lot of unhappy Republican senators and representatives would stand with them.)
Or suppose Trump wins in a landslide while Republicans gain control of one or both houses. Even a Democratic minority could stymie a lot of legislation and take every new law to the courts.
We could also expect the judicial branch to frustrate Trump at every turn. Like Stephen Harper, they might ram through laws knowing they'd be overturned by the courts, just to show their base that he'd tried. And like Harper, he'd then criticize “activist judges” as saboteurs of their programs. Ask Stephen Harper how well that worked.
The Depression-Era Novel That Saw Trump Coming read more
This is why the Founding Fathers installed checks and balances in their new system: they knew very well the country could be stolen by a smart demagogue, and they equipped in each branch of government a burglar alarm against intrusion from the others.
A coup against yourself
But governments can also trigger “autogolpes,” coups against themselves and their principles. Turkey's Recep Tayyip Erdoğan may not have been behind the recent failed army coup against him, but they are exploiting it as happily as Adolf Hitler exploited the Reichstag fire and George W. Bush exploited 9/11. A crisis enables unprincipled rulers to seize new powers, and they relinquish them only at a terrible cost in others' lives.
Off the top of my head, I can think of coups and regime changes instigated or encouraged by the United States in Panama, Guatemala, Haiti, Chile, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Kosovo, Indonesia and South Vietnam. Indonesia alone cost an estimated 500,000 lives, perhaps many more.
The U.S. did nothing effective about the military dictatorship in Argentina or the genocide in Rwanda. Nor has it done anything about the ongoing horrors in North Korea, Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states, the Horn of Africa, Zimbabwe and many other African countries, Myanmar, Laos and Cambodia.
So President Trump would find themselves in charge of a government with a long history of intervening in other people's affairs, plus an enormous intelligence system experienced in the mechanics of running a coup. One way or another, a pretext could be found to trigger a crisis. Only a suspension of rights and freedoms would be able to resolve the crisis. And thereafter, more crises could be provoked or invented to keep the pot boiling.
Trump 1.0 will amount to a gigantic hack of the American operating system. Hit the keys for “redress of grievances,” and nothing will happen. Hit the keys for “Bill of Rights,” and nothing will happen... or the keystrokes themselves will bring government agents to your door, wanting to know what your problem is.
The only difference that Donald Trump will make to long-established interventionist government policies will be to apply them to Americans as well as to other nations.
Yomi Desalu has a dream job: As vice president of music and talent programming strategy at MTV, they spend their days with top talent and working behind the scenes at all of MTV's music channels. But they didn't always think they would wind up in the music industry—Yomi got their undergraduate degree in civil engineering in 1999, before landing an entry-level job at MTV. So when they realized that they wanted to further their career in the music business, they knew it was time to go back for a second degree.
Yomi enrolled in the MS in Business Management and Leadership program at the City University of New York's School of Professional Studies, and, from 2009-2011, balanced life as a student and full-time MTV employee. We asked them the secret to pulling that off, and how working and learning simultaneously allowed them to skyrocket to the top of their field.
What was your first job out of college like?
It was an entry-level position at MTV, in the music department, and I just sort of worked my way around within the department focusing on entry-level production duties, production assistant roles, and department assistant roles, until I really found my language in the music programming space. I found that within the company, that was the department that really was suited for me, and just worked my way up, from a coordinator to a manager all the way to where I am now, which is a vice president.
How has the knowledge you gained in your course of study helped you in your career at MTV?
We deal with a lot of artists and managers and record label executives, and so our days are peppered with their initiatives — coming and playing music, going to shows — and trying to see through our filter if what they deem important is in fact important to us. A lot of that stuff delves into marketing, and I think that the marketing course right off the bat was one of the ones that definitely came into play. How do we take what these guys are providing us and curate it so it makes sense to us but more importantly to our audience?
And the negotiation course — having the ability to successfully negotiate and meet halfway, or sometimes meet further on their side or further on our side. Things like that came into play very quickly. It was what really propelled me in my move up to vice president in a short timeframe.
What were some of the courses that resonated with you the most?
I thought the entrepreneurship program was interesting, because it was something that I was aspiring to venture into. It really focused on building a business plan and understanding things from the foundational aspect of a business. Working for a business as big as MTV, there are certain things that you don't necessarily see because that plan has been set in place from 1981, so this is the end product of the success of that.
Was there anything about the program that surprised you?
What did surprise me about the program were the other students and their backgrounds — there are a lot of executives and a lot of people in notable companies that were going to get their master's online. I didn't actually expect that, because at the time I felt as though there was a stigma attached to an online degree, in the sense of you're not getting the same thing that you may be getting in a brick and mortar situation, which I don't believe to be true anymore.
I think having the ability to do a masters in a timeframe that's more conducive to your lifestyle is vital, and I don't think that you miss anything by doing it online. I think you're getting the same rich, robust information that you'd get had you been sitting down in class. Because ultimately, regardless of if you're taking a course online or in person, the onus is going to be on you once that bell rings to make the decision to read the information, to study, to absorb the notes, and to execute when it comes time for the exams.
How did you know that the online system would work for you?
I actually went to an experimental high school, the John Dewey High School in Brooklyn, New York, and we had a lot of independent study kids, so essentially it enabled students to take courses within their own time. You would get the coursework and it was on the student to complete the work by the end of the semester.
In college, I did independent study as well. So that positioned me in a space where this was second nature to me. I'd be reading the textbooks or the handout notes on the train to and from work — the only time when having an hour-long commute actually was beneficial! I'd be studying on weekends and late nights — thankfully I'm more of a nocturnal person — and using all the available time, because you really have to focus on studying and execution.
So how did you structure your time to get the most out of school and work?
A week probably consisted of a lot of studying, a lot of reading of the information in the mornings and afternoons, and sometimes at lunch, for the master's, and then a lot of late night reading. Not too late, I just work better when everybody's asleep, I think it lends itself to less distraction that way. And then of course, the weekends. It really forced me to practice time management. Get up a little earlier on the weekends. In the world of entertainment you tend to find yourself out late nights both on weekdays and weekends, so I did curb some of my going out for work related purposes. The good thing about the job is that a lot of it can be left at the office, you come to realize, and with the great team that I had under me we were able to offset some of the workload.
So you were working full time while also being a full-time student?
Yes. I wanted to get in and hit the ground running. I really wanted to take the learning and apply it to my everyday thinking and execution, and I really wanted to do that in an expeditious way before anybody could sidetrack me. I know for some people, to take online courses can be a little bit daunting. It requires a lot more time management, and the onus is on the individual to execute, but I felt it was something that really worked well for me and my study habits and timeframe.
What made you go back for a master's degree, when you were already doing so well in your field?
My current field, entertainment, is not what I studied as an undergrad. I was a civil engineering major, so with the current climate and ever-evolving space when it comes to entertainment — in particular, music — I wanted to step up my business acumen.
I knew that I wanted to grow within the company over here at MTV, and to do so I felt that I needed to go back into school and sharpen my skills in certain areas and focus on certain concepts, and I felt as though the MS in Business Management and Leadership from CUNY SPS was the one best suited for what I was looking for in a graduate degree.
For more information about the CUNY School of Professional Studies, or how to continue your own education, visit sps.cuny.edu and see what works for you.
This post is a sponsored collaboration between CUNY SPS and Gothamist staff.
The Ubuntu development team, through James Page, announced a couple of days ago (June 6th) that they plan to move to OpenJDK 7 as the default Java Runtime Environment.
OpenJDK 6 will be replaced by OpenJDK 7, and it will be moved to the Universe repository, to be used in case some apps don't work with the new version.
"As Mathias highlighted during the opening of Quantal, OpenJDK 7 is now used as default for packages depending on default-[jdk,jre,jre-headless] - so any packages that rely on default-jdk will automatically build with this new version of Java." - said James Page on an email to the Ubuntu development mailinglist.
The first Alpha version of Ubuntu 12.10 (Quantal Quetzal) has been released yesterday, July 7th, and it brings Linux kernel 3.4, Firefox 13, Thunderbird 13, and lots of other improvements.
Follow us on Google+
A kind-hearted woman who raised money for a homeless couple to stay in a hotel over Christmas was shocked to find out that they trashed the room.
Louise Elliott, 32, raised £640 for a well-known local homeless man Lewis Holley and their girlfriend Stacey to stay in an Ibis Hotel to celebrate their Christmas Eve anniversary.
But they were heartbroken to discover that the kind deed had gone to waste as a window was smashed , the TV was ripped off the wall and the carpets were so dirty they have to be replaced - and the couple had done a runner.
Louise, from Reigate, Surrey, said: "To say I am gutted is an understatement.
"I am disgusted and absolutely heartbroken.
"The hotel room was found to be in a total mess.
"We feel like fools. It was the time of year for goodwill and generosity." Louise
"The window was badly damaged and has to be replaced, someone has tried to rip the TV off the wall and a new carpet has to be put down.
"The mattress was left in a state and the whole room was so dirty and horrible.
"The hotel told me it took two members of staff two hours to clear all the rubbish out of the room. My heart sank when I found out."
Louise later found out that after the first night, the homeless couple asked staff if they could check out and keep the money instead - but the request was denied.
Louise said: "We feel like fools. It was the time of year for goodwill and generosity.
"I found out about the damage to the room on January 2 when a member of staff called me. I've never seen a room that bad in my many years of hotel management." Sam White, general manager at the hotel
"So many kind people went out their way to try and do something nice at Christmas but it has turned into a nightmare. I am so sorry for the people who gave money."
Sam White, general manager at the hotel, said they expect the damage to come to about £1,000 in total.
They said: "After the first night's stay they asked my reception team if they could check out and have the cash instead of accommodation.
Photo: SWNS Group
"We did not allow this. I found out about the damage to the room on January 2 when a member of staff called me. I've never seen a room that bad in my many years of hotel management.
"We have specialist glass in our windows due to being near the airport and one side of the pane has been badly smashed.
"The TV has had to be replaced because the screen was cracked from where someone tried to rip it off the wall. The duvet and bed topper went missing as well.
"We are part of the Gatwick Hotel Association and I've made our other members aware of this."
CORRECTION: Contrary to what was stated in an earlier version of this article, Louise Elliott was not charged £1,000 for damage to the hotel room. Given that the room had been booked in a charitable cause, the hotel agreed to cover the cost of the damage. We apologise for the error, which has been amended.
The concepts of military service and public police service are worlds apart, for good reason. Today in America, we are currently witnessing the culmination of a decades-long trend that has introduced the language, weapons, and tactics of the overseas battlefield onto the streets of America.
The planned coordination between military forces abroad and public forces at home further threatens to subvert the very social fabric upon which America was built, resulting in a betrayal of The U.S. Constitution and the American people.
Goldstein Troy J. Grice Best Price: $9.23 Buy New $85.88 (as of 02:45 EST - Details)
The Military Machine
The military is designed to be a last-resort option when all diplomacy has failed. Military personnel and munitions should be deployed with a heavy heart, because it is understood that the military task is one of enemy annihilation. The weapons used by the military are developed to "shock and awe" on every level. Pyschological warfare and espionage is often employed first to soften up the enemy before unleashing an array of high-tech weapons that range from pain compliance on the street level, to bombs rained from above.
You & the Police! Boston T. Party, Kenne... Best Price: $1.55 Buy New $5.00 (as of 07:55 EST - Details)
The typical military serviceman is a brave soul who has trained physically and mentally to perform under the constant stress of battlefield conditions. However, this stress-training, much like any of the martial arts, can result in a non-questioning live weapon who must kill or be killed when placed in a threatening situation.
Additionally, their prison guard-like duties promote attending to their stated enemies as hostile, criminal, and subversive. The population of the enemy country are called civilians, as they are not afforded any legal protection that might be owed to citizens, and any deaths can be written off as "collateral damage."
Thus, military training inculcates values of aggression, intimidation, and the use of excessive force if it means self-preservation in a world where might is right, so long as it means Mission Accomplished.
Domestic Peacekeeping and The Constitution
Police, on the other hand, are in service to the domestic population and the U.S. Constitution. They swear an oath to the local community, and are paid by citizens to be experts in well-considered evaluation and the peaceful resolution of conflict. Their duties comprise those of humility: patrolling a neighborhood to ensure restfulness; rescuing a cat caught in a tree; removing a threat when there is a plea for help.
Read the rest of the article
August 4, 2010
The Best of Michael Edwards
