European stock markets advanced on Monday, extending rally into a ninth straight session on the back of a Greece-fueled rally, which saw the debt-laden country on Monday reopen its banks after a three-week closure and repay loans to creditors.
The Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +0.39% added 0.3% to close at 406.80, logging its longest winning run in 2015.
The gain built on a 4.3% weekly advance from Friday, which came after an action-packed week in Greece's debt odyssey, when eurozone leaders reached an agreement with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on tough austerity measures needed for a third bailout package.
Greek developments: The EU on Friday approved a bridge loan of 7.16 billion euros ($7.77 billion) to Greece, aimed at helping Athens meet a €4.2 billion debt payment to the ECB on Monday, as well as clear its arrears with the International Monetary Fund. Greece repaid about €6.8 billion to creditors, using the bridge loan, on Monday, according to reports.
The formal negotiations on a new bailout for Greece are expected to last for weeks, as the lenders hammer out final terms. The IMF and European creditors disagree on whether Greece should be granted any kind of debt relief, although German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Sunday said they were prepared to consider further debt concessions to Athens once the latest raft of economic reforms has been launched, according to an interview with German broadcaster ARD.
Greece's banks reopened on Monday after a three-week closure, although the country's stock market remained closed.
“Greece has taken a step in the right direction by opening the doors to its banks, but all is not well, as capital control remain strict,” said David Madden, market analyst at IG, in a note.
“The focus is now on next month's repayments to creditors. The Greek debt saga has been on repeat for five years, so traders have learned what to expect, and they suspect this current calm between the storms won't last long,” they added.
Other markets: Europe was mainly covered in a sea of green, with Germany's DAX 30 index DAX, +0.31% up 0.5% to 11,735.72 and France's CAC 40 index PX1, +0.13% rising 0.4% to 5,142.49.
The U.K.'s FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.45% added 0.2% to 6,788.69.
The euro EURUSD, -0.0966% climbed to $1.0855, up from $1.0831 in late New York trade on Friday.
Movers: Shares of Aveva Group PLC AVV, -1.71% soared 27% after Schneider Electric SE SU, -0.26% said it plans to take a controlling stake in the U.K.-based engineering software provider. Schneider Electric rose 0.6%.
Julius Baer Gruppe AG BAER, +0.84% shaved off 1.4% after the Swiss bank said its managed assets were slightly depleted during the first half of the year because of the sharply strengthened Swiss franc.
Tullow Oil PLC TLW, -0.13% gave up 5.2% after the U.K. oil explorer said natural gas exports from its Jubilee field to the Ghana Gas plant at Atuabo have been suspended since July 3 due to technical issues.
Providing critical information for the U.S. trading day. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Need to Know newsletter. Sign up here.
CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - A Canadian man punched a cougar in the face to stop it attacking their dog in a wooded area near a fast food store in Whitecourt, central Alberta, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) said on Wednesday.
William Gibb, 31, from Red Deer, Alberta, had stopped at a Tim Hortons outlet, a popular Canadian restaurant chain while driving 600-kilometre (372-miles) to Grand Prairie on Monday evening and let their dog out for a walk, Whitecourt RCMP Sergeant Tom Kalis said.
Shortly after, Gibb heard their 80-pound (36-kg) female Husky called Sasha whimpering in pain and found a cougar pinning them to the ground.
“I could see something wrapped around them and wasn't sure what it was. I ran over and punched it in what I thought was the head, and it backed off and I realized it was a cougar,” Gibb, an electrician, told Reuters.
“I stepped over Sasha and charged at it swinging and screaming and calling for my brother and buddy to give a hand,” they added.
Gibb kept the cougar at bay, which they said swiped at them a few times, as they tended to their injured dog and called the police, before getting Sasha into their truck and driving them away for medical attention.
They said the police arrived five or 10 minutes later and, after consulting with fish and wildlife officers, killed the cougar because of the risk it could attack another dog or even humans.
Gibb themselves was not seriously injured, although Sasha bit them on the hand as they were trying to rescue them
Kalis said cougar sightings were not uncommon around Whitecourt because the town is surrounded by forests, but it is unusual for them to attack dogs.
Horacio Cartes promises justice for 25-year-old shot by police during protests against their attempt to seek second term in office
Paraguay's president has appealed for calm in a video published on their official Facebook page , after protests erupted this weekend over behind-the-scenes constitutional wrangling to enable them to run for office again in 2018.
Protesters stormed and set fire to Paraguay's congress on Friday, with subsequent confrontations in the streets of the capital ending in the fatal shooting by police of a 25-year-old activist in an opposition party headquarters.
President Horacio Cartes, a soft-drinks and tobacco mogul who leads the right-wing Colorado party, offered their “most sincere condolences” to the family of Rodrigo Quintana, adding that “the perpetrators of this horrendous episode will face justice”.
Cartes claimed that business and media interests instigated the protests, lamenting that “citizens always pay with their personal sacrifice, while the promoters of these operations watch them on television without revealing their nefarious interests”.
Soon after the video was posted, Cartes made their first public appearance in several days at an investment conference feted by the government as an opportunity to showcase Paraguay's fast-growing economy and attract outside investors. Addressing businesses and policymakers from around the region, Cartes said that Paraguay's democracy was strong and highlighted the huge amount of red meat and soya beans exported by the country every year.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes. Photograph: Jorge Adorno/Reuters
Meanwhile in the square outside Paraguay's fire-blackened congress, which had been set alight on Friday, protesters gathered to hold a vigil for Quintana, a youth leader of the opposition Liberal party (PLRA), and to call for the president's impeachment. More details also emerged over the the weekend about the circumstances of their death at the hands of police. Shocking video footage posted online, taken inside the party headquarters, appeared to show the moment that police burst into the building, shooting Quintana in the back as they tried to flee.
Forensic investigators found that Quintana died as a result of lead shotgun pellets penetrating their lungs. Witnesses claimed that the police threatened to kill everyone inside the building. “They kept saying that their comrades had been hit [by protesters] so they had to take revenge,” Silvio Nuñez, a Liberal party official, told the Guardian.
Gustavo Florentín, the police officer allegedly responsible – who, along with other implicated officers, could face up to 30 years in prison for homicide – claimed that they thought their weapon was loaded with rubber projectiles.
A police official denied that orders came from higher up to storm the headquarters of the country's main opposition party and claimed that the police unit was responding to reports of fighting and shots nearby.
Soon after the details of Quintana's killing came to light, both the interior minister and the chief of police stepped down.
Efrain Alegre, the leader of the PLRA, themselves injured during protests on Friday – has promised to begin impeachment proceedings against Cartes, although the Colorado-controlled congress is unlikely to let the attempt get far.
The mayor of Asunción, Mario Ferreiro, called for the controversial constitutional amendment proposal to be withdrawn. “We're facing a time bomb that could explode at any moment,” they said. “If this proposal [for re-election] didn't exist, Rodrigo Quintana wouldn't be dead today.”
The Organisation of American States, the US Embassy, and the Vatican have all called for dialogue, with the embassy calling for any changes to the constitution to be held in an open and transparent way.
Further protests were planned for Sunday evening, before the probable introduction of the constitutional amendment in the chamber of deputies – the lower house – next week.
Buy Twitter Followers – Twitter ReTweets – Twitter Likes
Twitter can be difficult for those who are new to it but the veterans know how important it is to be on Twitter and create a fan following on it. With all the celebs having loads of followers and important discussions being conducted twitter, it becomes imperative that one has a significant number of followers. If you have a business to promote but are facing difficulty in collecting audience initially then buying twitter followers might help you boost your business. These followers will help your business get the desired visibility.
All the followers that you may buy might not be the real customers; however, purchasing the followers will help you get the attention of the real followers, and then you simply have to impress them with your stuff and get them to tweet genuinely. It is the most effective, creative and easiest way to market your Twitter account. Skyrocket your tweets and followers and start building your active following. Try and tweet during the peak time so that you are seen by maximum number of people. Put up your business card on your account and make sure you have purposeful content, so that people would be interested to become your followers.
With us you will get 100% Real Looking followers with real time tracking. There is 24X7 support and we deliver our followers within 48 hours. There are around 10 types of packages including 5 for buying Twitter followers and 5 for buying retweets, starting from as low as $3 for 500 retweets and $10 for 5000 twitter followers. Getting a high number of twitter followers is a milestone for a lot of Twitter account holders. But it may just not be as easy as it may seem. We bring you a lot of packages depending upon your need and budget.
A Twitter account holders popularity is directly proportional to their twitter following, so taking care of it is an important task. Celebrities and politicians also buy twitter followers; it is a common practice these days, so don't think twice before signing up. It's a win-win situation. You can buy up to 100,000 Twitter followers and 10,000 retweets with a little more budget. But the benefits you reap are more than you are paying for. There is a guarantee of your Twitter account safety and timely service. You can become the highest followed Twitter account overnight. Just let us know your requirement and little information on your business interest and we will help you to increase your twitter followers base.
A petition urging President Obama to stop the “national militarization” of police departments had garnered more than 26,000 signatures online.
The petition was launched in response to the police's handling of protests in Ferguson, Mo., which has highlighted how law enforcement agencies across the country have been armed with surplus military gear through the Pentagon's 1033 program.
"The Pentagon is encouraging local police forces to feel as if they are going into battle — with a clear enemy and a shoot-to-kill mentality," the petition reads. "This national militarization of police must be stopped immediately."
The petition urges the government to dissolve the 1033 program and stop the flow of military equipment to local police departments.
Members of Congress have vowed to take a closer look at the program following the unrest in Ferguson, a suburb of St. Louis, over the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown. The images from the area have drawn comparisons to a war zone, with police officers patrolling the streets in body armor and blast-proof vehicles.
Rep. Hank Johnson (D-Ga.) last week said they plan to introduce a bill in Congress that would curtail the sale of DOD weapons to local police departments.
“Our main streets should be a place for business, families, and relaxation, not tanks and M16s,” they wrote in a letter to colleagues.
Sen. Carl Levin Carl Milton LevinListen, learn and lead: Congressional newcomers should leave the extremist tactics at home House Democrats poised to set a dangerous precedent with president's tax returns The Hill's 12:30 Report — Sponsored by Delta Air Lines — White House to 'temporarily reinstate' Acosta's press pass after judge issues order | Graham to take over Judiciary panel | Hand recount for Florida Senate race MORE (D-Mich.), the chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, says they plan to review the DOD program as part of work on the annual defense authorization bill.
"Before the defense authorization bill comes to the Senate floor, we will review this program to determine if equipment provided by the Defense Department is being used as intended," Levin said in a statement Friday.
103 SHARES Facebook Twitter Flipboard Stumbleupon Reddit
Alcoholic Beverage Market in the US 2016-2020
Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Alcoholic Beverage Market in the US 2016-2020” report to their offering. The alcoholic beverages market in the US to grow at a CAGR of 3.51% by revenue, during the period 2016-2020.
The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the alcoholic beverages market in the US 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue from the retail sales of alcoholic beverages in the country. It also includes the market size based on volume, which has been calculated based on the retail consumption of alcoholic beverages. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.
The market for craft beer is on the rise. The craft beer market in the US was valued at $19.6 billion in 2014 and is expected to reach $45.4 billion by 2019, growing at a CAGR of 18.3% during the forecast period. Craft or locally brewed beers have a distinctive taste compared with regular beers and are sometimes made from different ingredients and flavors. These are brewed and served in bottles, cans, and kegs. Consumer preference for craft beer has grown and evolved in the US and is an important factor that has contributed to the demand.
According to the report, a key market driver is the rising number of wineries, breweries, and distilleries around the US. Younger consumers increasingly seek variety and exclusivity in alcoholic beverages. This is apparent in their demand for locally brewed beverages like craft beer and flavored alcoholic beverages. In an attempt to cater to this rising demand, existing vendors and new entrants alike have invested in new wineries, breweries, and distilleries. California is the largest state in terms of the number of wineries, with over 4,000 wineries.
Further, the report states that a challenge to the market could be the high taxes levied on spirits and alcohol.
News South Korea Will Regulate Cryptocurrency Exchanges, Not Ban – Reports
South Korea will adopt “reasonable” regulations for cryptocurrency exchanges but not ban them, sources report Tuesday.
‘Reasonable Requirements'
Uploading information from local news outlet Daum.net, Stellar co-founder Joyce Kim confirmed that contrary to previous beliefs, trading would remain legal in the country.
“The Korean (government) will regulate bitcoin exchanges but not ban them,” Kim wrote on Twitter late Monday.
Exchanges will have 6 reasonable requirements on KYC/AML, key storage, separation of fiat into 3rd party accounts, consumer warnings (about) trading, transparency of orderbook.
BREAKING: Korean govt will regulate bitcoin exchanges but not ban them. Exchanges will have 6 reasonable requirements on KYC/AML, key storage, separation of fiat into 3rd party accounts, consumer warnings abt trading, transparency of orderbook. GOOD NEWS!https://t.co/6X5S2JBNol — joyce kim (@joyce) December 12, 2017
‘Good News' Still Bans Futures, ICOs
The latest chapter in Korea's cryptocurrency regulation story, which in recent months has taken a confusing and comparatively draconian turn, contrasts with warnings last week that a China-style ban was imminent.
A high-profile meeting on the issue at government level produced the need for a continued “close watch on the situation” regarding crypto, Daum continues.
“Considering that virtual currency transactions have been taking place in the meantime, we will not forbid exchange as long as certain safeguards are provided for users,” the publication quotes an official as saying.
Last week, Bitcoinist reported that Bitcoin futures trading would not be legal in South Korea, with interested participants cancelling publicity moves in response to the news from the Financial Services Commission (FSC).
Not just futures, but ICOs, banned in China and Korea, will continue to be outlawed despite the new exchange guidelines, says Kim.
Nonetheless, those institutions experimenting with the cryptocurrency trend will no doubt be breathing a sigh of relief.
Shinhan Bank, one of Korea's major lenders, had previously announced it was working on Bitcoin wallet facilities for clients, making it the first such bank to investigate such possibilities.
Shinhan had also been due to hold – but forced to cancel – information seminars on futures trading.
Meanwhile, under the new guidelines, unsanctioned trading activities will incur considerable fines and even imprisonment of up to five years.
What do you think about Korea's latest regulation plans? Let us know in the comments below!
Images courtesy of Shutterstock
Rick Brownlee was acquiring artifacts for an exhibit to celebrate 100 years of Manitoba hockey history when they realized a major missing ingredient.
“We didn't have anything from arguably the greatest goalie in Manitoba's hockey history to put on display other than a photograph, so we started making some enquiries,” said Brownlee, the Manitoba Sport Hall of Fame and Museum's heritage manager.
The Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto was kind enough to loan Terru Sawchuk's mask to the museum on Pacific Avenue for part of the 100 Manitoba Hockey Moments.
Sawchuk, who grew up in Winnipeg and has an arena on Kimberly Avenue named in their honour, began their 20-year NHL career with the Detroit Red Wings in 1950.
They started wearing a mask during the 1962-63 season, but by that time their face had the scars of more than 350 stitches. After posting 103 shutouts, Sawchuk's career was winding down when they died in May 1970.
The mask is one Sawchuk wore as a Toronto Maple Leaf. They and goalie partner Johnny Bower led the Leafs to their last Stanley Cup in 1967. Sawchuk made 41 stops for a 3-1 win in Game 6 of the final to clinch the Cup over Montreal.
Who could have imagined then the Leafs would go on a Cup drought that is 47 seasons and counting?
“I can't imagine (the mask) would offer much protection other than maybe you don't get cut up as bad,” Brownlee said.
Also part of the exhibit are seven decades of Stanley Cup rings owned by Ab McDonald, Brian Engblom, Dave Semenko, Mike Keane, and Jonathan Toews.
“They get progressively bigger as the decades pass,” Brownlee said with a chuckle.
Gallery manager Debbie Schween made a lot of phone calls in acquiring the pieces, Brownlee said.
“One of the reasons we do our feature exhibits and change them up twice a year is it gives us an opportunity to put things on display that people might be willing to loan to us for a short period of time,” Brownlee said.
Toews' parents also provided their son's first pair of skates, a Blackhawks jersey they had as a youngster, and both of their Olympic gold medals.
The 100 Hockey Moments are displayed by number. Billy Mosienko's Blackhawks jersey is No. 3, marking their fastest hat trick in NHL history. Andy Bathgate wore No. 9, so their jersey and skates are the ninth item.
“We have Glen Hanlon's fibreglass mask that looks like Jason from the (Friday the 13th) movies,” Brownlee said. “It's moment No. 99, because Glen proudly points out Wayne Gretzky's first goal was scored on Glen Hanlon.”
For the first time since the museum opened two years ago at the Sport for Life Centre, the “decade galleries” have been changed to make room for the exhibit.
“Hanging from the rafters, every Manitoban who has played a single game in the NHL has a pennant with their name on it,” Brownlee said. “There is 286 of them and the ones who won a Stanley Cup have a little Stanley Cup on the bottom of their pennant.”
That figure was 285, but then former Selkirk Steeler and Tri-City American Brendan Shinnimin got called up by the Arizona Coyotes just before the exhibit opened on Dec. 1, so staff scrambled to add their name and pennant.
Exhibits like this often spur on collectors to loan or donate items for future displays, Brownlee said. Anyone wanting to do so can contact staff at halloffame@sportmanitoba.ca.
The exhibit will remain until the first week of June.
doug.lunney@sunmedia.ca
Twitter: @dougatwpgsun
Mystery over Mosienko
It's my favourite mural in Winnipeg, but there is something about it that's always left me puzzled.
It's the painting of Billy Mosienko on the side of the bowling alley they once owned on Main Street in the North End. It's a re-creation of the famous photo taken after Mosienko's record-setting hat-trick, when they scored three goals in just 21 seconds against the New York Rangers in 1952.
In the photo, Mosienko is holding three pucks. But why would they have collected all three pucks?
The third one makes sense, but what about the first two?
I asked Rick Brownlee, the heritage manager at the Manitoba Sport Hall of Fame, but they aren't certain. A Google search only added to the mystery, with some suggesting Mosienko just grabbed three pucks for the photo to mark the occasion. Others questioned why Mosienko was wearing a Blackhawks jersey with the captain's C on it, since they aren't their captain.
Brownlee was able to solve that one. The Hawks regular captain happened to be injured that historic evening and Mosienko was filling in, said Brownlee, who has a copy of the famous photo on their desk at the Sport for Life Centre on Pacific Avenue.
But for the truth behind the pucks, I contacted Mosienko's grandson, Tyler Mosienko, who answered my message from England, where he's playing pro hockey.
“The goals were actually scored with three different pucks,” Tyler, a former high-scoring forward with the WHL's Kelowna Rockets, informed me.
“It was one of the last games of the season and I think the first goal was their 29th of the season, which back then was a lot and I believe a career high for him. So they picked up that puck, then the next two as well.”
The three pucks are on display at the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto, said Tyler, whose grandfather was a five-time 20-goal scorer for Chicago.
Making their hat-trick even more remarkable was how it was scored that night in New York. The Blackhawks were getting blitzed 6-2 in the third period when Mosienko fired their three goals in 21 seconds, leading the Hawks to a 7-6 victory.
One other fun fact about the mural: The man who rendered the artwork in 1988, Al Senkiw, was born March 23, 1952 — the day Mosienko scored their hat-trick.
— Lunney
HPV vaccine. I know you have heard about it. I also know that many of you have concerns about giving it to your child. How do I know? Because people keep asking me what I think about it and whether they should give it to their kid. In every conversation, there are some common threads: Is it safe? Is it necessary? Won't it just give my teenager a green light to have sex? What is HPV anyway? There are a lot of questions and a lot of myths out there about this vaccine.
You probably can guess my response. Yes. Get your child the vaccine. But if you aren't convinced just because I said so (it's ok, I'm not that insulted), I've compiled some information for you. Here we go.
1. HPV is short for human papilomavirus. There are about 150 related viruses in this group (“HPVs”) and some of them cause cancer. In fact, virtually every single form of cervical cancer is caused by an HPV infection. In 2014, there were over 12,000 new cases of cervical cancer and over 4,000 deaths. But HPV doesn't just cause cervical cancer. Nope. It is also associated with anal, vaginal, oropharyngeal (throat), and penile cancer as well. HPV is also really, really common. Nearly all sexually active men and women will get infected with HPV at some point — of course, not everyone gets cancer from an infection. But everyone can.
2. There are two types of HPV vaccine (Cevarix and Gardasil). Both types are aimed at the HPV types that most commonly cause cervical cancer, but only Gardasil is recommended for boys and girls. Gardasil is also effective at preventing genital warts. (Who wants warts, right?). Getting your adolescent vaccinated can help prevent infection with a cancer causing HPV type. Isn't that reason enough to vaccinate?
3. But my kid is never going to have sex, so they do not need the vaccine. Ok. If you say so. Look, your daughter may not have sex until they are married and that is awesome if that is their choice. But it does not mean they won't get infected with HPV. Women with only one sex partner are still at high risk of developing an HPV infection. And the number of the woman's sex partners does not matter as much as the number of their male partner's previous sex partners. So, yes, your child may not have a lot of sex, but their future husband just might have and you can't prevent that. But you can prevent HPV infection — and potential development of cancer — by vaccinating.
4. The vaccines are not safe. Well actually they are. Between 2006 and 2008, there were more than 23 million doses of HPV vaccine administered in the United States. Of those, there were 12,424 reports of “adverse events.” For those of you unfamiliar with the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, anyone can file any complaint of an “adverse” outcome after any vaccine. The reports are not validated and in many cases, no one can be sure that the reported event was causally related to a vaccine. Now, of these unvalidated 12,424 reports, 94% of them were for non-serious events such as headache, dizziness, and nausea. So, only 6% of the 12,424 reports were for adverse events, which means that of 23 million vaccine doses over two years, there were 745 reported serious events. So the percentage of serious adverse events is roughly equal to .00003. And please keep in mind, that while there were 32 deaths reported, subsequent autopsy reports or medical records on each individual showed underlying medical conditions that could have caused the death. So, yes, there may be some small risk to the vaccine, but it is incredibly small.
5. Isn't 11 or 12 years old a bit young for sex vaccines? They can decide when they are an adult. No. Unfortunately, that won't work. As with other recommended vaccines, there is a purpose behind the recommended ages at which kids are supposed to get vaccinated. For HPV vaccine, the idea is to give your child a vaccine before they or they are even exposed to the virus — so, we go for 11 or 12. Now, I know what you are thinking: 11 or 12 — or even 15 and 16 year olds should not be having sex. I agree. But in addition to ensuring vaccination before exposure, it turns out that the HPV vaccine produces more immunity — it is more effective — if given in preteens instead of older adolescents. See? There's a purpose. Vaccinating at ages 11 or 12 protects your child better from every being infected. (If your child does not get vaccinated at the recommended age, the FDA has approved giving the vaccine up to age 26, but again, it won't be as effective).
6. By the way, the vaccine is NOT just for girls. Boys are supposed to get vaccinated too. The FDA has approved Gardasil to protect boys against genital warts and certain forms of cancer. As with girls, simply giving your child a vaccine against a sexually transmitted disease does not mean you are giving the child license to have sex. Whether your teenager decides to have sex has nothing to do with whether you vaccinate them Adolescents and twenty-somethings have been having sex without parental permission way before there was a vaccine. So, I can pretty much guarantee the vaccine won't be viewed as any kind of license to get jiggy.
7. Know why else you should get your child the HPV vaccine? Because you are a patriot! Do you know that Americans behind other developed countries in HPV vaccination rates? In 2013 only about 38% of 13-year old girls had received all three doses; for boys it was a dismal 14%. But in the U.K. and Portugal, rates are close to 80%. In Australia, 70% of girls ages 12-17 are fully vaccinated. Do you really want those Kiwis to beat us at immunizing our kids? C'mon. Do it for the team. (U-S-A. U-S-A)
8. Cancer sucks. Why wouldn't you want to prevent your child from a potentially devastating diagnosis?
And there you have it.
Get your kids the HPV vaccine.
Online auction site eBay has come under fire in the past for its buyer protection policies that have left a number of sellers out of pocket. But now it emerges that eBay works hard to protect some sellers – albeit a small minority – by making it difficult for unhappy customers to leave negative feedback.
"Power Sellers" are business sellers "offering excellent service and professionalism". They make up 20pc of the 200,000 businesses sellers who use eBay to sell goods. To become a power seller, a business must make a minimum of 100 transactions each year with a minimum sales volume of £2,000.
Alongside "priority customer support, improved visibility in Best Match search results and a discount of 15pc on final value fees", Power Sellers are handed an extra benefit: buyers can't leave neutral or negative feedback on any item sold until seven days after purchase.
This means that should the item be damaged or not as described, and the buyer has attempted to contact the seller but has been unsuccessful, the buyer can't leave negative feedback until a week later. By this stage they could voice their complaint less forcibly – or forget to make it at all.
Feedback is the score stored on the site, based on users' transactions with each other. If you're a quick payer when you buy, for instance, or an efficient dispatcher of any goods you sell, you build a good score. The scores can be viewed by others who are thinking of doing business with you.
Holly Watt, who lives in London, recently purchased a book from a power seller on eBay and "instantly realised that it was going to be sent to the wrong address" as they had just moved house. Shortly after, Ms Watt sent an email to the seller explaining the situation but the seller dispatched the item to the wrong address because the order had already been processed.
Because of this, Ms Watt decided to leave negative feedback, which they had never done before on eBay.
Much to their surprise, they were unable to leave neutral or negative feedback for seven days because the seller was a Power Seller.
"Obviously this is unhelpful, because most people would be irritated by the seller, but many would be put off by not being able to complain immediately," Ms Watt said. "I always wondered why these big sellers have relatively few low ratings – because even though I am annoyed, I am unlikely to remain annoyed for seven days and complain then."
Power Sellers must have received at least 100 feedback ratings, and have a score of 98pc or more which is positive.
A spokesperson for eBay said: "Power Sellers have built up a track-record of sales of over 100 items and been selling on eBay for over a year, so they have seven days to put right customer complaints before negative feedback can be left.
"We try to balance the needs of buyers and sellers and ensure we protect both parties and this is one element of our seller protection. eBay prompts buyers to leave feedback on transactions and in addition we also track other measures of seller performance including eBay Money-Back Guarantee claims."
In this particular case, eBay claimed the seller had already processed the order by the time Ms Watt contacted it to change the address.
Not all sellers feel their interests are well protected. One such case involved a reader, Helen Hickman, who used eBay to sell surplus stock from their baby shop. Mrs Hickman encountered a troublesome buyer when, after selling a brand-new, sealed pushchair for £199.99, they received an automated message from eBay nine days later stating that the buyer wanted to return the pushchair because they “didn't need it any more”.
However, the item was returned “covered in mud, with stones in the tyres and baby sick on the fabric” and the buyer received a full refund because they had returned the item within the 14-day period during which a buyer can receive a refund.
• More: eBay loophole: how you can exploit listing typos
• The best of Telegraph Money sent straight to your in-box each week: sign up to our newsletter
Starting in the fall of 2017, Harvard Law School will allow any college junior to submit an application for admission through its Junior Deferral Program (JDP). Under the program, college juniors can be admitted to Harvard Law School on the condition that they successfully finish college and then take a minimum of two years to work, study, or pursue research or fellowship opportunities.
In 2014, HLS began a JDP pilot program, which was open only to juniors at Harvard College. Based on the success of the program, the Law School has decided to make the program available to all juniors (or their international equivalents) at any college or university. The program is intended to encourage students to gain work experience prior to law school. It also aims to encourage students in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) fields to consider bringing those skills to the legal profession, which increasingly demands practitioners with high-level technical skills.
All students admitted into the JDP during the pilot phase have accepted their offers of admission. The first students admitted into the program will begin their studies at HLS in the fall of 2017.
“The Junior Deferral Program is one of many efforts underway here to remove barriers as we seek the most talented candidates for law and leadership,” said HLS Dean Martha Minow. “By offering admission to the most promising college juniors, we can encourage them to pursue important and fulfilling experiences without concerns about effects on a later application to law school. We are delighted with the success of the pilot effort and see already that students admitted through the program explore a wide range of valuable experiences, and get ready to come to campus for their 1L year with vibrancy and intellectual enthusiasm benefitting the entire the law school community.”
In recent years, HLS has taken a number of steps to eliminate barriers to admission for candidates from a diverse range of academic disciplines and personal backgrounds. In 2012 the Law School began conducting interviews via Skype, and in 2015 it eliminated the requirement for a “seat deposit” for accepted students. In March, HLS announced that it would allow applicants to submit either the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) or the Law School Admissions Test (LSAT) to be considered for admission to its three-year J.D. program. Students who apply to the JDP will be able to submit either the GRE or the LSAT to be considered for admission.
Jessica Soban, associate dean for Admissions and Strategic Initiatives, said, “The three years of the JDP pilot have proven to be a tremendous success. As we hoped, it has attracted a number of students from the STEM fields, and encouraged all students to pursue varied and exciting work and study opportunities. I look forward to welcoming the first class of JDP students to HLS this fall. And I am excited to extend this opportunity to all college juniors.”
Information for pre-law advisors and for college juniors interested in applying through the JDP program is available on the HLS Admissions website.
“He Spake Many Things unto Them in Parables”
Matthew 13
LDS manual: here
Purpose
To show that the church encourages lying by omission, and to encourage readers to be more honest in their personal lives
Reading
This week's reading is one of the shortest — just one chapter long. It's all about parables. Parables are stories where things stand for other things, and they lend themselves to more than one interpretation. That means they can mean anything you want them to mean. So it's perfect for religion.
Main ideas for this lesson
The reason for parables
Let's start off with a quiz.
Ask: Why did Jesus speak in parables?
To make divine principles clearer by using common everyday objects people would have known about To keep their teaching at the front of hearers' minds by using things they would have had daily interaction with To purposely confuse people so that they wouldn't understand him, and they wouldn't be saved.
The surprising answer:
Mark 4:11-12: And they said unto them, Unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God: but unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables: That seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest at any time they should be converted, and their sins should be forgiven them.
Isn't this odd? Presumably God wants as many people as possible to be saved, but that doesn't appear to be the case here. Instead, Jesus is setting up an in-group and an out-group, with different levels of knowledge for those who are in and who are out. (It's why I say that Jesus was the first modern cult leader.) Seen this way, Christianity begins to look like some exclusive club for those who have already made up their minds to believe. And what do you know: it is! Who else would believe on such poor evidence except those who, for social or aspirational reasons, have already given themselves and their thinking over to the narrative?
But this is a terrible way for a god to run things. Jehovah / Jesus is hiding the (allegedly) saving truths of the gospel from people, and they will (one presumes) be languishing in hell / isolation / separation from god for eternity. Why would they hide the truth from them?
When salvation is on the line, God should speak clearly, not in riddles and double meanings.
Is Mormonism ‘occult'?
One of the insults people sometimes hurl at the LDS Church is that it's occult. They usually meant satanic, evil, and so forth.
A typical LDS sacrament meeting. Awkward the week it's your mom.
I don't think the Mormon Church qualifies as occult in the sense that people mean it today. However, there's an older sense of occult, which is a bit more like hidden:
Oxford: Communicated only to the initiated; esoteric.
In this earlier meaning of occult, the LDS Church definitely qualifies. For investigators, there's a gradual rolling-out of doctrine, with multiple levels; one for people who have been “initiated into the mysteries”, and another for those who haven't. Temple worship is occult in that you're only allowed to have teh sercet nollij once you've been initiated into the mysteries. “Milk before meat”, as they say.
Think about how this plays out in the modern church. I'm not a believer, but I'm an easy guy to convince; all you have to do is lay out the facts, and I'll change my mind. Yet in my interactions with believers and missionaries, I've heard many of the following things:
I could sit here and explain everything to you, but because you don't believe, it won't do any good.
There are experiences that are too sacred to talk about (except with people who believe).
I'm not going to show you a sign through your disbelief.
You have to believe first, and then the truth will be obvious.
Faith precedes the miracle.
This is all part of the same idea: only share certain information with people who believe, and withhold information from those who don't. And if you think this secretive jazz is weird or unique to Mormonism, remember: it was encouraged by Jesus himself.
Read Steve Hassan's BITE model of cult mind control. (As far as I'm aware, this model is not well-accepted by psychologists, but many of the items ring a few bells for me.)
Ask: How have you noticed that the LDS Church uses information control, as below?
Information Control
1. Deception:
a. Deliberately withhold information
b. Distort information to make it more acceptable
c. Systematically lie to the cult member
…
3. Compartmentalize information into Outsider vs. Insider doctrines
a. Ensure that information is not freely accessible
b. Control information at different levels and missions within group
c. Allow only leadership to decide who needs to know what and when
For ex-Mos and psychologists, it's easy to see why the church would roll out the weird stuff slowly: people would freak out and bolt if they were confronted with it all at once. Shoot, I might have bolted at my own endowment myself, were it not for a lifetime of religious training, and everyone in my family right there, dressed in weird robes, in my first endowment session.
The hope is that by the time the member is introduced into the mysteries, they will have invested so much that leaving is unlikely.
I think the Mormon practice of concealing information — and even “lying for the Lord” — is harmful to its members. It gives members a licence for dishonesty. It's acceptable to hide or shade unpalatable facts. After all, you know it's true, so whatever you do in the service of the truth is okay.
Watch this video of Gordon Hinckley on the Larry King Show. How many false statements do they make about polygamy?
Quoted in Time Magazine, Aug 4, 1997: “On whether their church still holds that God the Father was once a man, [Hinckley] sounded uncertain, `I don't know that we teach it. I don't know that we emphasize it… I understand the philosophical background behind it, but I don't know a lot about it, and I don't think others know a lot about it.'”
Hinckley claimed they were misquoted:
“I personally have been much quoted, and in a few instances misquoted and misunderstood. I think that's to be expected. None of you need to worry because you read something that was incompletely reported. You need not worry that I do not understand some matters of doctrine. I think I understand them thoroughly, and it is unfortunate that the reporting may not make this clear. I hope you will never look to the public press as the authority on the doctrines of the Church. (1997 October General Conference)”
This attitude shows up for other church leaders:
Boyd K. Packer“There is a temptation for the writer or the teacher of Church history to want to tell everything, whether it is worthy or faith promoting or not.
“Some things that are true are not very useful.
…
“The scriptures teach emphatically that we must give milk before meat. The Lord made it very clear that some things are to be taught selectively, and some things are to be given only to those who are worthy.
“It matters very much not only what we are told but when we are told it. Be careful that you build faith rather than destroy it.”
This next part is probably not true for everyone, but it was for me, and I'd be interested to hear your comments on this. As a missionary, I willingly took on this tendency to very carefully control how I presented what I believed to be true, and held back information from investigators because they “weren't ready” for it, or they “wouldn't accept” it. Well, maybe they wouldn't, but that was for them to decide, wasn't it?
And in the rest of my life, I followed this pattern of hiding or shading things about myself or my behaviour — presenting them in the best possible light and omitting uncomfortable details — because I was afraid I wouldn't be accepted as I was. And why wouldn't I have? It was acceptable in the service of the church. This tendency was very damaging, and did not serve me well. Again, maybe I'm alone on this, but I really do feel like I got mixed messages about honesty in church. On the one hand, it teaches honesty. On the other, it only reveals the good parts of the church's history, teachings, and practices. Anything uncomplimentary is written off as anti-Mormon lies.
It's taken me a lot of effort to become a more honest person; to say it (and see it) like it is. What did it for me was science. Let me explain.
When I was a church member, I thought the church was the standard for what it meant for something to be true. That meant that I could make up explanations and complicated apologetics in defence of church doctrine, and as long as it sounded plausible, I could defend it as ‘probably true'.
But when I used science, the standard was the real world. If I wanted to come up with a hypothesis for why something was so, it had to be grounded in real observations, not wishful stories. And that meant I couldn't just see things the way I wanted. If I tried that, I knew someone would come around with the facts, and smack me down. Nobody wants another scientist to come around and eat their lunch, so this is a great incentiviser. I had to make sure I was getting it right and not deceiving myself. It's been a great lesson, and one that has served me well in work and in life. Ironically, I had to leave the church before I could learn it.
Additional lesson ideas
Without honour… in their own country
People didn't seem to buy the whole Jesus thing in their own country.
Matthew 13:54 And when they were come into their own country, they taught them in their synagogue, insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?
13:55 Is not this the carpenter's son? is not their mother called Mary? and their brethren, James, and Joses, and Simon, and Judas?
13:56 And their sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then hath this man all these things?
13:57 And they were offended in him. But Jesus said unto them, A prophet is not without honour, save in their own country, and in their own house.
Ask: Why didn't people believe Jesus in their hometown?
Answer: People know you in your hometown. It's harder to fool people who know you.
Wheat and tares
Why does God allow all the terrible non-Christians to exist? Jesus explains:
Matthew 13:24 Another parable put they forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in their field:
13:25 But while men slept, their enemy came and sowed tares among the wheat, and went theirs way.
13:26 But when the blade was sprung up, and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tares also.
13:27 So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, didst not thou sow good seed in thy field? from whence then hath it tares?
13:28 They said unto them, An enemy hath done this. The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?
13:29 But they said, Nay; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them.
13:30 Let both grow together until the harvest: and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them: but gather the wheat into my barn.
If the tares are the bad people, and the wheat is the good people, I guess this explains why God is leaving everyone alone, in a good impersonation of someone who doesn't exist. On the other hand, does this mean God is going to burn people? If so, this would be right in line with Jesus' other teachings on hell. But more about those later.
Okay, I admit I could be misunderstanding this parable, but that's probably Jesus hiding the truth from me because I haven't chosen to accept all this Christian bullshit uncritically, right? So score one for Jesus. Well done.
Faith as a mustard seed
Jesus tells the parable of the mustard seed.
Matthew 13:31 Another parable put they forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is like to a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and sowed in their field:
13:32 Which indeed is the least of all seeds: but when it is grown, it is the greatest among herbs, and becometh a tree, so that the birds of the air come and lodge in the branches thereof.
There may be some dodgy science here. Mustard seeds aren't the smallest, and it's not clear that mustard trees are big enough for birds to sit in.
But let's take it parabolically.
Last year, a good friend of mine converted to Christianity. When we were housemates, they always seemed like a secular agnostic, but then they moved away, started hanging out with Christians, and now here they were on social media babbling away about how wonderful God and Jesus were. In particular, they cited this scripture, and said that their faith, even as small as a mustard seed, finally grew.
There's always a self-blaming moment for me when that happens, though it hasn't happened often. For a moment, I did think, “What could I have done? Could I have been there for her?” but I shook it off. I can't be everywhere for everyone, and I'm being as public and available as I can with this blog and everything else. Some people will just be susceptible to the beliefs of whoever they're near, and some people will just believe things for bad reasons. And trying to keep your fingers in someone else's brain so they won't believe bad things — that's for Christians, not me.
But I take the mustard seed parable the opposite way: Even a small germ of belief can grow and metastasise. It speaks to the importance of being rational, knowing how to spot bad arguments, and demanding evidence for claims. Even just a tiny lapse in critical thinking can have severe consequences and lead to bad decisions.
Bad decisions like this book cover.
Admit it, you saw ass.
Egad. That's the worst haemorrhoid I've ever seen. Looks like it's totes thrombosed. It's almost blue.
But wait: there's more. Here's the original image.
LOL non-proportional scaling.
I tried to find that first image by searching ‘mustard butt fingers', and then wished I hadn't. I think that means it's time to put down the computer. See you next week.
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you're happy with this. read more
Raspberry PI SMS sender
Raspberry PI SMS sender
How to make a simple system for sending SMS using Raspberry PI and USB modem. The SMS will be able to send via the form on the website. The project will be created using PHP and C# on Linux. The software to communicate with the modem I will write in C#. To store the sent SMS I use the PostgreSQL database. The USB modem requires a SIM card and the cost depends on the GSM operator.
Step 1: Components
Step 2: Requirements
Apache2
PHP
PHP PDO
PHP PostgreSQL
Mono for C#
In this project we will need installed:Install the apache2 package by typing the following command in to the Terminal:
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install apache2
Then we install PHP.
sudo apt-get install php5 libapache2-mod-php5
Install the PostgreSQL.
sudo apt-get install php5-pgsql
Now install mono.
sudo apt-get install mono-complete
Step 3: USB modem and Raspberry PI
We plug in USB dongle modem to Raspberry PI. To see if our modem is visible on system, we type in the terminal following command:
lsusb
My USB modem in the system is seen as:Serial ports should be visible as /dev/ttyUSB0. To check this we use the command
ls /dev/ttyU*
We will now test theon the USB modem. For this purpose, we will use the minicom program.
sudo apt-get install minicom
After installing minicom, we have to configure it. Type the command below, then select
minicom -s
Set Serial Device and Bps/Par/Bits.
Step 4: Database creation
Field Description sms_id Primary key date_insert Date added record date_send Date sent sms number Recipient's phone number message Text message SMS date_error If an error occurred, this field contains the date of the occurrence of the error date_cancel With this field we can cancel sending sms
After setting minicom, we check that the modem is working properly. For this we use the AT commandandIf everything is fine the answer from the modem will be "OK".Now we are creating a database inwith a single table for storing outgoing SMS.
CREATE TABLE sms ( sms_id serial NOT NULL, date_insert timestamp with time zone NOT NULL DEFAULT now(), date_send timestamp with time zone, "number" character varying(16) NOT NULL, message character varying(1600) NOT NULL, date_error timestamp with time zone, date_cancel timestamp with time zone, CONSTRAINT sms_pkey PRIMARY KEY (sms_id) )
Step 5: Form for sending text messages
Before using these scripts, you need to configure your connection to the database server. I use an externaldatabase on my server, but you can also use a local database on the
$dbname=''; $host=''; $dbuser=''; $dbpass='';
This is a very simple script written in. It contains a form to send, sent form is saved in the table
<?php error_reporting(E_ALL); ini_set('display_errors', 1); if( $_SERVER['REQUEST_METHOD'] == 'POST' ){ $dbname=''; $host=''; $dbuser=''; $dbpass=''; try { $db = new PDO("pgsql:dbname=$dbname;host=$host", $dbuser, $dbpass); $db->setAttribute(PDO::ATTR_ERRMODE, PDO::ERRMODE_EXCEPTION); }catch(PDOException $e){ echo "ERROR: " . $e->getMessage(); } $sql = "INSERT INTO sms(number, message) VALUES(:number, :message)"; $statement = $db->prepare($sql); $statement->bindValue(':number', $_POST['number']); $statement->bindValue(':message', $_POST['message']); $statement->execute(); $statement->closeCursor(); } ?> <html> <head> <title><?php echo exec('hostname'); ?></title> </head> <body> <form action="sms.php" method="post"> <table> <tr> <td>Number:</td> <td><input type="text" name="number"></td> </tr> <tr> <td colspan="2"> <textarea name="message" style="width: 300px; height: 200px;"></textarea> </td> </tr> <tr> <td colspan="2"><input type="submit" name="" value="Send"></td> </tr> </table> </form> </body> </html>
Step 6: Software for sending SMS
The SMS software was written in. To be able to execute EXE on linux, you must haveinstalled.At the beginning of you need to configure the connection to the database and set theunder which you have a
private static string db_login = ""; private static string db_datebase = ""; private static string db_password = ""; private static string db_host = ""; private static int db_port = 5432; private static string rs232_port = "/dev/ttyUSB0";
For build I am using MonoDevelop on Windows and then compiled files I upload toAfter compilation, we create "SMS-cron" folder in home directory and copy files there:We open the crontab for editing.
crontab -e
We add this line and save.
* * * * * ./home/pi/SMS-cron/SMS-cron.exe
Step 7: The end
SMS from Raspberry PI :)
Nowwill check every minute in thetable for any new messages to send.Time to sendfrom
15k SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit $
Reporterii Recorder au studiat opera literară a Mariei Grapini și au descoperit nu doar o doză considerabilă de ridicol, ci și o mulțime de fragmente luate cu copy-paste de pe internet. Asta nu o împiedică pe Maria Grapini să se compare cu Marin Preda și să-și treacă așa-zisul roman la rubrica „Activitate științifică”.
Ne aflăm, stimați cititori, în fața unui moment important. Prin contribuția decisivă a europarlamentarului Maria Grapini, colecția de falsuri intelectuale a politicienilor români virează, brusc, într-o direcție neașteptată. De la teze de doctorat plagiate, ajungem, iată, la literatură de dragoste.
„Viața între scrieri și transcrieri”, carte pe care Maria Grapini a publicat-o în 2012, conține fragmente copiate de pe Wikipedia, de pe forumul Sfatul Bătrânilor și de pe site-ul Info Travel Grecia, fiind asumate drept creație personală. Acestora li se adaugă dialoguri siropoase și considerații despre viață, fericire și reușită în afaceri, despre care avem toate motivele să credem că sunt originale și aparțin autoarei. Laitmotivul romanului, repetat de mai multe ori pe parcursul cărții și așezat, ca o cheie de boltă, la începutul, dar și la finalul poveștii, este, țineți-vă bine!, propoziția următoare: „Viața e frumoasă dacă știi să o trăiești”.
Pentru calitatea acestei presupuse opere literare girează însuși Cornel Ungureanu, președintele Uniunii Scriitorilor, filiala Timișoara. Pe coperta a patra a cărții, Ungureanu semnează o recenzie în care îndeamnă publicul să înțeleagă și să iubească demersul creator al Mariei Grapini. Este o poveste din care răzbate nu doar apetența politicianului român de a-și atribui merite și competențe pe care nu le posedă, ci și slugărnicia și oportunismul celor care îl încurajează să pășească pe această cale. „Profesorul Cornel Ungureanu e cel care mi-a sugerat să scriu. Eu am susținut mereu evenimentele culturale, săptămânal susțin o carte, iar profesorului Ungureanu mi-a spus: «E păcat să nu scrieți, veniți și vorbiți așa de frumos la lansări, sunteți un politician atipic». Și am îndrăznit să scriu”, se justifică Maria Grapini.
Margaret Thatcher a Timișoarei
Fost ministru și actual europarlamentar, Maria Grapini este, la bază, inginer textilist. Revoluția a prins-o angajată la Întreprinderea Garofița din Timișoara, care, după 1989, a fost privatizată de angajați și și-a schimbat denumirea în Pasmatex. Grapini a devenit acționar și manager al acestei firme, reușind să-și creeze o reputație bună în mediul de afaceri.
Odată cu succesul, a prins gustul premiilor și al funcțiilor onorifice, neezitând să-și treacă în CV distincții precum „Trofeul Femeia Contează” sau „Premiul de Excelență pentru dinamism, stil și eficiență”. A devenit o răsfățată a ceremoniilor de tot felul și a jurnaliștilor care știu să fie prietenoși cu oamenii de afaceri. Așa se face că, pe lângă diplome și plachete, Maria Grapini a început să colecționeze și articole elogioase, cu titluri care musteau de creativitate:
„Maria Grapini – scorpionul care nu interiorizează nimic”
„Maria Grapini, o Penelopă care țese milioane”
„Maria Grapini – o Margaret Thatcher a Timișoarei”.
În completarea acestor abordări îndrăznețe, jurnaliștii n-au avut nicio ezitare să scrie că „Margaret Thatcher a Timișoarei știe să prășească porumbul și joacă table mai bine ca un bărbat”.
„Da, doamnă, ca dumneavoastră mai rar”
De altfel, volumul „Viața între scrieri și transcrieri” cuprinde, într-o anexă, și o colecție de articole apărute, de-a lungul timpului, în presa locală și centrală. Apoi, pe lângă odele decupate din ziare și reviste, Maria Grapini intră pe târămul literaturii și își ridică ea însăși o odă, camuflată într-un soi de mini-roman în care personajul principal este Oana Rădulescu, „o recunoscută femeie de afaceri în România și în lume”. Oana călătorește mult, cunoaște oameni importanți, primește distincții, este apreciată și respectată. Iat-o, de pildă, în dialog cu Igor, un partener de afaceri de la Moscova:
– Nu prea vă odihniți, ar trebui să vă mai gândiți și la dumneavoastră.
– Lasă, Igor, că viața este numai una și trebuie să o trăim intens, să lăsăm ceva după noi, așa cum spunea tatăl meu, Dumnezeu să-l ierte.
– Da, doamnă, dar ca dumneavoastră mai rar. Munciți mult, ajutați mulți oameni și până la urmă mulți nici măcar nu sunt recunoscători”
(Viața între scrieri și transcrieri, de Maria Grapini – pag.47)
La Moscova, personajul principal din romanul Mariei Grapini lansează o colecție de modă și, în fața unei asistențe formate din ambasadori și mari oameni de afaceri, ține un discurs memorabil: „Dați-mi voie să închin această colecție, acest eveniment, celui mai râvnit sentiment: FERICIREA”.
Apoi, naratorul continuă: „Un ropot de aplauze se pornesc imediat după ce Oana încheie discursul. Oana se retrage cu pași eleganți, dar trebuie să revină datorită aplauzelor puternice. Revine, înclină ușor capul, mulțumește încă o dată. Urmează un cocktail cu cele mai alese delicatese de unde nu lipsesc, evident, icrele negre și șampania”.
Personajul Oana Rădulescu seamănă izbitor cu Maria Grapini, de la copilăria petrecută la țară, până la trăsăturile fizice și reușitele în afaceri. Marea diferență este că Oana este văduvă, o văduvă atrăgătoare, cu părul blond. „Sigur, sunt unele asemănări, am preluat anumite conversații din copilăria mea, discuții pe care le auzeam în casă, dar nu sunt eu Oana. Slavă Domnului că eu am familia întreaga pe când soțul ei nu mai trăiește. Eroina Oana suferă toate relele de pe lume, dar reușește să devină o femeie de succes. Este un mesaj pozitiv”, ne-a spus Maria Grapini, încercând să explice cum și-a construit personajul.
Justiția americană, doborâtă cu Arsenie Boca și înțelepciune japoneză
„Eroina Oana”, așa cum o alintă Maria Grapini, are nu doar o carieră fulminantă, ci și o viață sentimentală spectaculoasă. Ea trăiește o frumoasă poveste de dragoste cu Mark, om de afaceri american pe care îl întâlnește într-un aeroport. Relația lor se clădește pe discuții ample despre viață și fericire, pe „frumusețe emanată din interior” și pe gesturi mărețe. Din când în când, Mark trimite în România câte un buchet uriaș de trandafiri galbeni, printre care ascunde un bilețel cu același mesaj: „Să fii fericită, dar nu uita… SUFLETUL”.
Povestea devine cu adevărat palpitantă când Mark este anchetat pentru corupție și suferă o mare nedreptate din partea justiției americane. Aici, lucrurile devin confuze și americanul Mark începe să semene foarte bine cu corupții noștri. Aceeași abordare, același ton, aceeași filozofie de viață: „Aș vrea să-l ajut pe Mark, dar nu pot. Îl sun, îi scriu: Vei câștiga, nu se poate ca adevărul să nu învingă. Îmi răspunde calm: Da, Oana, ai dreptate. Dar anii aceștia pierduți și sănătatea cine mi le mai dă înapoi. Avem o viață, doar o viață și trebuie să o trăim frumos”.
Într-un final, Oana pleacă la New York să-i ridice moralul și să-l smulgă din ghearele procurorilor. Întâi și întâi îi dăruiește iubitului american cartea „Rostul încercărilor”, de Arsenie Boca, apoi îl trage pe calea înțelepciunii asiatice: „Trebuie să-l conving pe Mark că AIKIDO, deși s-a născut în Japonia, este un dar pentru întreaga omenire și trebuie să-l aplice. Este singura cale prin care poate rezista”.
Aici, Maria Grapini culege de pe internet câteva pasaje despre AIKIDO și le introduce în romanul său, fără să folosească ghilimele și fără să indice vreo sursă:
Click pe poză pentru a mări
Cu ajutorul acestei combinații de Arsenie Boca și înțelepciune japoneză, curajoasa Oana reușește să înfrângă sistemul de justiție american. Mark scapă de problemele judiciare și este achitat, iar cei doi îndrăgostiți hotărăsc să sărbătorească victoria petrecând un concediu în Grecia. Oana și Mark fac plimbări romantice pe plajă și „privesc în zare marea linștită, cu nuanțe de turcoaz”. În timpul acestor plimbări, bărbatul povestește lucruri interesante despre istoria Greciei, dovedind o cultură generală impresionantă. De fapt, sunt fragmente pe care autorul Maria Grapini le-a cules direct de pe Wikipedia sau de pe site-uri cu recomandări turistice și le-a pus în gura personajului său. Și pentru ca narațiunea să curgă frumos, Grapini intercalează, printre aceste bucăți plagiate, câte o replică spirituală a Oanei: „Mark, ești extraordinar, cum de știi atât de multe lucruri?”.
Click pe poze pentru a mări
Justificarea: “Ați fi vrut să inventez altceva despre Grecia?
I-am cerut Mariei Grapini o poziție cu privire la conținutul cărții „Viața între scrieri și transcrieri”, trecută, pe site-ul personal, la rubrica „Activitate științifică”. La început, a negat categoric că ar fi introdus în paginile ei fragmente care nu-i aparțin: „Nu, eu nu iau de pe internet pasaje. Dați-mi care e pasajul de pe internet. Nu există”. După ce i-am indicat fragmentele incriminate, europarlamentarul a început să bată în retragere: „Bine, dar acolo nu se poate inventa, istoria e istorie. Ați fi vrut să inventez altceva despre Grecia? Dumneavoastră dacă ați scrie o carte și ar trebui să cuprindeți ceva despre istoria unei țări, ați inventa istoria țării? Eu am scris o carte și am scris-o cu plăcere. E dreptul meu de cetățean. Dacă președintele Uniunii Scriitorilor și-a asumat să citească manuscrisul și apoi să scrie coperta, înseamnă că e în regulă”.
Cornel Ungureanu (foto dreapta), președintele Uniunii Scriitorilor (filiala Timișoara) și cel care girează cartea Mariei Grapini, încearcă să se distanțeze și spune că nu-și mai amintește prea bine conținutul operei: „Mi-am pus numele pe o formulă prozastică în care n-am putut să-mi dau seama că unele fraze au fost copiate de pe internet. Trebuie să recitesc cartea, am citit-o cu niște ani în urmă și nu-mi mai amintesc. Oricum, nu se pune problema valorii literare. Doamna Grapini este un om politic care a încercat să evoce și să transcrie o autobiografie”.
„Un fel de Moromete, așa…”
Pentru aceia dintre dumneavoastră care nu suportă să citească o poveste de dragoste fără să cunoască deznodământul, menționăm că scriitoarea Maria Grapini preferă finalurile fericite. După o vacanță de vis în insula Creta, Oana și Mark își fac bagajele și se întorc, fericiți, acasă. Romanul se încheie cu aceste fraze calde, ca o adiere de vară: „Zborul spre București este pregătit. Mark și Oana se îndreaptă spre terminalul de îmbarcări. Doi oameni fericiți care au înțeles că viața e frumoasă dacă știi să o trăiești”.
Este un happy-end, care, de ce să nu remarcăm?, lasă totuși loc unei eventuale continuări. Maria Grapini nu e descurajată de aceste controverse apărute în jurul activității sale literare și e hotărâtă să mai pătrundă pe tărâmul creației în proză: „Probabil, când o să ies la pensie mă voi apuca să îmi încerc norocul din nou pentru că oamenilor le-a plăcut această carte. Am primit numai reacții pozitive, iar domnul profesor Ungureanu spunea că e scrisă în stilul lui Marin Preda. Un fel de Moromete, așa…”.
Încă trei cărți publicate. A patra a plecat la tipar
În afara volumului „Viața între scrieri și transcrieri”, Maria Grapini mai are în portofoliu trei cărți. Prima a fost publicată în 2011 și conține intervenții pe care Grapini le-a avut, de-a lungul timpului, la Radio Timișoara, alta cuprinde articole și interviuri din ziare, iar cea de treia este un volum colectiv („Cele patru dimensiuni ale feminității românești”), în care Maria Grapini semnează alături de Monica Tatoiu, Valentina Pelinel și alte femei de succes. Recent, Maria Grapini a anunțat pe Facebook că urmează să trimită la tipar ce-a de-a patra carte, „Mărturisiri”, cu prefața semnată de Mitropolitul Banatului.
Mythbusting identical twins Benji and Mason prove that twins aren't always the same
Twins, especially identical twins, are a subject of fascination for the public and for medical researchers.
There is something about them that non-twins cannot quite grasp; their connection is closer than any other two humans and everyone else is on the outside. There are mythologies, horror stories and even an astrological sign (Gemini) that revolve around the twin dynamic.
But where does the mythology end the truth begin?
We talked to several twins, a genetic epidemiologist, and a psychologist to debunk the myths and explain the even more fascinating facts about twins and their relationship to one another.
Twins can read each other's minds: FICTION
The idea that twins might be able to read each other's minds has always been an intriguing part of the twin dynamic. Disappointingly, researchers have tried and failed to prove the twin mind-reading myth.
"As researchers we don't understand everything, but there's no evidence so far that there's any extra-sensory perception (ESP) there," said genetic epidemiologist and deputy director for the Australian Twin Registry, Associate Professor Jeff Craig.
Sarah Colegrove, 52, and their identical twin sister Jenny, are always being asked if they can read each other's minds.
"People love to think that there's telepathy and those sorts of abilities involved," Sarah said.
"[But] there's no sudden feeling that my sister's in big trouble or she's about to die, that's just ridiculous."
Clinical psychologist Katie Wood, the younger sister to identical twin sisters, has a different perspective.
They do not believe in ESP. But they say there is a closeness that means identical twins can communicate without language, especially when they are children.
Dr Wood's interest in their siblings' twin dynamic led to a career as a clinical psychologist specialising in twins, and lecturer at Swinburne University.
"A lot of what goes on between the twins is implicit and unspoken; often they do know what the twin is feeling without having to ask or explain," they said.
"It's a knowing without explaining … It's more about the intensity of their bond and closeness rather than being witchcrafty or magical."
Associate Professor Jeff Craig says some twins feel that they can read each other's mind, despite the fact that there is no scientific evidence.
"I accept that. I believe it has a rational explanation," they said. "They have a stronger relationship than anyone else, and it's something we don't understand. If they say that they feel things at the same time, and they have a connection, then they do."
Twins can feel each other's pain: FICTION
Many experiments over the years have failed to prove that twins feel each other's pain. Sarah agrees that they and their sister Jenny have never been able to feel each other's pain.
Moreover, they feel like if it was ever going to happen, it would have happened when they experienced the worst pain of their life — in childbirth.
And they have a story as their proof that shared pain is a twin myth. Sarah's twin Jenny, their partner, and Sarah's partner were all at the hospital when Sarah was in labour with their first baby. Them three companions left them at the hospital to have dinner.
But while they were gone, the situation escalated, and Sarah went through a painful emergency forceps delivery. However the trio remained at a hotel nearby having dinner, without any idea of the situation back at the hospital.
"My sister was right there and was absolutely clueless," Sarah said.
Similar to the mind-reading myth, there are things that can't be explained. There are twins who say they have felt each other's pain.
And their close relationship and nearly-identical physical structure means there could be a sliver of truth in the theory — as pain can be psychological and can be felt empathetically.
"There is so much more empathy in twins, if you have someone really close you can feel their pain because of the closeness," Associate Professor Craig said.
Twins are identical because they share a placenta in the womb: FICTION
It is a common myth, even among doctors, that identical twins are determined by the shared placenta.
Share Did you know Ashton Kutcher has a fraternal twin called Michael?
It is true that if twins come out at birth with their umbilical cord attached to the same placenta, then they are identical.
But if they each come out with their own placentas, they could be either fraternal or identical.
If they are identical, it could be that the embryo split in two before the development of the placenta.
The only way to check is to get some genetic testing done.
If you are a twin and think you might be identical not fraternal, these days it is easy to get this tested.
If you or your parents are twins, you're more likely to have twins: FACT
This is true, but only true of fraternal twins.
Having identical twins is considered more of a freak occurrence and there is no genetic predisposition yet discovered.
Multiple fraternal births are however genetic, as they involve the presence of more than one available egg for conception, which is considered a genetic trait.
Identical twins should have separate schooling so they develop their identities: FICTION
Parents can really struggle to know whether to keep twins together during schooling or allow them to build their own identities separate to each other.
Six-year-old identical twins Benji and Mason Cox are both in separate Year One classes at school. Their mum, Belinda Cox, says the boys are similar in many ways.
"They lost the same teeth at the same time, they have identical birthmarks — but they are on opposite sides," they said.
Share Benji and Mason's mother Belinda Cox says the boys are similar in many ways — but they're also very unique.
Academically Benji and Mason are also very similar — their IQs are just one point apart.
Ms Cox says they hope separate classrooms will help them develop the sense that they are each unique. And the boys — who say the worst thing about being twins is "fighting lots" — don't seem to mind at all.
Dr Wood says from a psychological perspective there is no right answer to this question — it depends on the twins. They say a more important part of raising twins is to try and avoid constant comparison.
"You'll often hear people say, he's the brighter twin, quieter twin. That can be really limited for the twins themselves … competition can be exacerbated in twins," they said.
"Right from conception they're kind of competing. They never have single access to the parent. You're competing for the mother's attention, the mother's resources and mother's times."
Dr Wood says it is not uncommon for teachers to schedule one parent-teacher interview with a parent, rather than two separate ones, which poses problems for each individual's development.
There are many examples of twins thriving with their twin close by, and hating separation — especially in primary schooling.
But this need for togetherness can change drastically as twins reach teen years.
"Adolescence can be a tricky time, they have to work out how to separate from their twin as well as their parents," Dr Wood said.
"Sometimes they work really hard to be different. I guess their challenge is to get a balance between their 'me-ness' and 'you-ness' — they've got this third component which I call the 'us-ness'."
Identical twins can't be convicted of a crime that relies on DNA: FACT (but not for long)
Around the world there are many examples of twins avoiding criminal charges, because DNA evidence could not differentiate between the twins, nor prove that either one was the perpetrator.
Share Twins from the Harry Potter movies, Fred and George Weasley, were always getting up to mischief.
In 2016 UK twin Patrick Hennessy was cleared of dangerous driving and possession of a lock knife charges after they claimed it was their twin James.
And in 2015 French twins were both jailed for ten months. DNA evidence implicated one of them as a serial rapist. But the authorities could not prove which one did it. It was only when twin Yoan confessed that their brother Elwin was released.
But this fact is rapidly becoming fiction, as more is discovered about the way genes function.
Researchers have found that even if samples of DNA have identical sequences, there are other structures attached to the sequence that can be tested, to tell the difference between two identical people.
This extra layer to understanding genes is called epigenetics — which is Associate Professor Craig's speciality.
They describe the epigenetic process as "small molecules that jump on top of our genes and control gene activity". Or, more poetically, "the musicians that play the symphony of life on our genes".
All this means that very soon, criminal twins will no longer able to rely on their twin's existence as a defence.
Bush/Cheney: 'Most Impeachable' House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers says President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney committed impeachment-worthy offenses which must be thoroughly investigated even after the two men leave office as a means of reaffirming U.S. constitutional principles. Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly “The Bush Administration's approach to power is, at its core, little more than a restatement of Mr. Nixon's famous rationalization of presidential misdeeds: ‘When the President does it, that means it's not illegal,'” Conyers said in a foreword to a 487-page report entitled "Reining in the Imperial Presidency: Lessons and Recommendations Relating to the Presidency of George W. Bush." “Under this view, laws that forbid torturing or degrading prisoners cannot constrain the President because, if the President ordered such acts as Commander in Chief, ‘that means it's not illegal.'” Conyers continued. “Under this view, it is not the courts that decide the reach of the law – it is the President – and neither the Judiciary nor Congress can constrain him.” Conyers also seemed to acknowledge what many Bush critics had long suspected, that the Michigan Democrat evaded an impeachment battle the past two years out of concern that the political repercussions might have kept the Democrats from winning larger congressional majorities and the White House in Election 2008. Noting that “some ardent advocates of impeachment have labeled me a traitor – or worse – for declining to begin a formal impeachment inquiry in the House Judiciary Committee,” Conyers said they disagreed with some of their political judgments but concurred with their assessments of the seriousness of Bush-Cheney misconduct. “Many think these acts rise to the level of impeachable conduct. I agree,” Conyers said. “I have never wavered in my belief that this President and Vice-President are among the most impeachable officials in our Nation's history, and the more we learn the truer that becomes.”
Conyers also praised the many citizens who petitioned them for action on impeaching Bush and Cheney. “I want to make clear how much I respect those who have given so much time and energy to the cause of fighting for the impeachment of President Bush and Vice President Cheney,” Conyers said. “While we may not agree on the best path forward, I know they are acting on the basis of our shared love of this country. These citizens are not fringe radicals. … “They are individuals who care deeply about our Constitution and our Nation, and who have stood up to fight for the democracy they love, often at great personal cost. However, as I have said, while President Bush and Vice President Cheney have earned the dishonorable eligibility to be impeached, I do not believe that would have been the appropriate step at this time in our history.” Documenting Abuses The 487-page report, released Tuesday, documents what Conyers called Bush's excessive claims of executive power and illegal acts. It is the clearest sign yet that the 111th Congress plans to probe the depths of the Bush administration's most controversial policies. The report contains 47 separate recommendations, including calls for a blue-ribbon commission and independent criminal probes. Conyers said the recommendations are not intended as political “payback or revenge,” rather the goal is to “restore the traditional checks and balances of our constitutional system … and to set an appropriate baseline of conduct for future administrations.” Conyers noted that earlier investigations failed to get to the bottom of many “questions left in the wake of Bush's Imperial Presidency,” including allegations of torture, “extraordinary rendition” (shipping prisoners to countries known to torture), warrantless domestic surveillance, leaking the CIA identity of Valerie Plame Wilson, and the firing of nine U.S. Attorneys. Last week, Conyers proposed legislation to create a blue-ribbon panel of outside experts to probe the “broad range” of policies pursued by the Bush administration “under claims of unreviewable war powers,” including torture and warrantless wiretaps.
Tuesday's report sought to arm lawmakers with the documentary evidence to support action on the bill, which currently has 10 sponsors
Last year, Conyers called on Attorney General Michael Mukasey to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate whether the Bush administration committed war crimes, a proposal that Mukasey rebuffed. Conyers came under criticism from impeachment advocates last year when they refused to allow their committee to vote on articles of impeachment against Bush proposed by Rep. Dennis Kucinich, D-Ohio. Instead, Conyers' committee held an impeachment substitute of sorts; a one-day hearing devoted to testimony by Bush's critics about the administration's alleged abuses of power.
The new report suggests that Conyers is not inclined to immediately “move forward” now that Barack Obama has been elected President. In fact, Conyers said they firmly reject “the notion that we should move on from these matters simply because a new administration is set to take office.”
On Sunday, Obama signaled in an interview on ABC's “This Week With George Stephanopoulus,” that they will not likely recommend that their Justice Department launch a criminal probe into the Bush administration's past practices, particularly policies that authorized torture.
Obama said prosecution would be possible if someone were found to have "blatantly broken the law," but the President-elect expressed “a belief that we need to look forward as opposed to looking backward.”
Also, on Tuesday, a federal judge ruled that the Bush administration must turn over to President-elect Obama's staff documents Bush has been withholding from Congress related to the White House's role in the firing of the nine U.S. Attorneys.
Conyers's committee has been pursuing testimony and documents from White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers about their involvement in the decision to fire the federal prosecutors, a move that a senior Justice Department official said was designed to remove U.S. Attorneys who were deemed not “loyal Bushies.” President Bush has asserted executive privilege in blocking Bolten and Miers from testifying before Congress. Last week, a new set of House rules was passed reviving subpoenas issued during the 110th Congress. In addition to Miers, Conyers's committee subpoenaed former White House political adviser Karl Rove.
Conyers also said they want to find out “to what extent were President Bush and Vice President Cheney involved in the outing of Valerie Plame Wilson and its aftermath.”
Lewis “Scooter” Libby, Cheney's chief of staff, was convicted of obstruction of justice and perjury in the Plame case, but their prison sentence was commuted by Bush. “There is considerable evidence that culpability for the outing of Valerie Plame Wilson and subsequent obstruction goes above and beyond Scooter Libby,” Conyers said. Conyers subpoenaed documents last year related to the Plame leak, including closed-door testimony that Bush and Cheney gave to special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald. But the Justice Department refused to turn over the materials.
“Given that so many significant questions remain unanswered relating to these core constitutional and legal matters, many of which implicate basic premises of our national honor, it seems clear that our country cannot simply move on,” Conyers said. “As easy or convenient as it would be to turn the page, our Nation's respect for the rule of law and its role as a moral leader in the world demand that we finally and without obstruction conduct and complete these inquiries. This can and should be done without rancor or partisanship.” Jason Leopold has launched their own Web site, The Public Record, at www.pubrecord.org. Back to Home Page
Family and friends describe Taylor and Madison Sheats as daddy's girls."He was the best dad ever. I would hang out with them and they loved being around us. And they were so funny -- for sisters, you would think they would fight, but no. They loved each other a lot and were always laughing," said Madison Davey, a close family friend.READ MORE: Authorities have released several 911 calls made during the tragic shooting Eyewitness News obtained new video of 17-year-old Madison doing a Spanish class project cooking show, teaching their class how to make tacos. And 21-year-old Taylor can be seen in a video having fun with friends on a Friday night. Davey shot the video."For me and Taylor, our favorite thing to do was dance. We love dancing together. I love just being silly and that will always be something I will always remember," they added.Davey is a close family friend. They say Madison and Taylor got caught in the middle of their parents troubled marriage and it cost them their lives. They say the dad told them Christy said they shot their daughters because they wanted them to suffer."When I realized it was both of them, I just dropped and started screaming."Davey spoke to the dad about how it all went down on their birthday. The couple was arguing, as they often did."He told Christy, 'Just shoot yourself. Make it easy on all of us, just shoot yourself,' and they said, 'No, that's not what this is about, this is about punishing you,'" said Davey."I always knew something would happen, but I never thought they would do this. Christy was toxic for the family. They were mentally unstable," they added.Davey is now helping the family plan the funeral. The sisters will be laid to rest later on this week in Alabama.Davey also told me Christy Sheat's gun was a family treasure passed down from their great grandfather to "protect their family," but police say they used that very gun to kill their own daughters."He would do anything to protect them and they tried to, but Christy was out to kill that day."
Getting Started Using HTML5 Boilerplate Sunday, June 5, 2011
Whether we like it or not, HTML5 is all the rage now days. With the recent news on “code name” Windows 8's upcoming support for HTML5 and JavaScript that hype has intensified even more. I'm personally in favor of what HTML5 brings to the table although I do worry about browser compatibility issues that will naturally crop up. Compatibility issues are something that Web developers have been dealing with since the days of Netscape 4 (layers) and IE4 (divs) though so it's really nothing new; it's just intensified with all of the new functionality that the various HTML5 specs define. Fortunately, there are several options available that can help reduce cross-browser issues.
Getting started building HTML5 compatible sites can be challenging especially for people who haven't been involved in Web development projects for awhile. Fortunately, there are a few sites available that greatly simplify the process of getting started building HTML5 websites and offer some excellent “boilerplate” code that can help both new and experienced Web developers. One of the best ones out there is called HTML5 Boilerplate (http://html5boilerplate.com) and others exist such as http://initializr.com (which is based on HTML5 Boilerplate). The creators of the site (including JavaScript guru Paul Irish from the jQuery and Chrome teams) define the functionality offered by HTML5 Boilerplate in the following way:
“HTML5 Boilerplate is the professional badass's base HTML/CSS/JS template for a fast, robust and future-proof site. After more than three years in iterative development, you get the best of the best practices baked in: cross-browser normalization, performance optimizations, even optional features like cross-domain Ajax and Flash. A starter apache .htaccess config file hooks you to eff up with caching rules and preps your site to serve HTML5 video, use @font-face, and get your gzip zipple on. Boilerplate is not a framework, nor does it prescribe any philosophy of development, it's just got some tricks to get your project off the ground quickly and right-footed.”
Features offered in HTML5 Boilerplate include cross-browser compatibility (they deal with IE6, IE7 and IE8 in a clever way), inclusion of caching and compression rules, utility classes such as .no-js and .clearfix, .png support in IE6, Modernizr support, Google Analytics support, mobile browser optimizations, IE specific classes for maximum cross-browser control, JavaScript profiling and testing support, CDN hosted jQuery with a local fallback script, plus quite a bit more. When you visit the site you're presented with 3 options including Boilerplate Documented, Boilerplate Stripped and Boilerplate Custom:
If you select Boilerplate Documented you'll get a .zip file with the skeleton code needed to get started building an HTML5 site including documentation, built-in jQuery CDN support, CSS, caching, and more. Boilerplate Stripped contains the same HTML/CSS/JS but removes comments while Boilerplate Custom allows you to build a custom site skeleton and control what gets added or removed. An example of the custom options that can be selected are shown next:
What's in HTML5 Boilerplate?
If you select the documented or stripped options you'll get a .zip file that contains an HTML5 skeleton to help jumpstart your Web development. Here's what the site structure looks like. Looking through the folders you'll see that they contain CSS, JavaScript and HTML files as well as favicon.ico, crossdomain.xml for Flash and Silverlight, a 404.html page, robots.txt for search engines and QUnit testing functionality.
CSS Support
Two CSS files are included out of the box including the main CSS file used by the site named style.css as well as a starter script for hand held devices named handheld.css. The style.css file includes several different tips, tricks and best practices that can be used to handle rendering HTML across multiple browsers (including IE6). It adds in some clever features such as hiding content from a page and ensuring the content doesn't take up any space while still making it available to screen readers. Here's an example of a CSS class named visuallyhidden that performs the screen reader trick:
/* Hide only visually, but have it available for screenreaders: by Jon Neal. www.webaim.org/techniques/css/invisiblecontent/ & j.mp/visuallyhidden */ .visuallyhidden { border : 0 ; clip : rect(0 0 0 0) ; height : 1px ; margin : -1px ; overflow : hidden ; padding : 0 ; position : absolute ; width : 1px ; } /* Extends the .visuallyhidden class to allow the element to be focusable when navigated to via the keyboard: drupal.org/node/897638 */ .visuallyhidden.focusable:active , .visuallyhidden.focusable:focus { clip : auto ; height : auto ; margin : 0 ; overflow : visible ; position : static ; width : auto ; }
The style.css file also includes the popular clearfix solution that can be used to prevent margins from collapsing on child elements when the children are floated. If you've ever written HTML and CSS where you floated children left or right and then had to add a final child with “clear:both” in the style to make things look right then this fix greatly simplifies the process since you can simply apply the clearfix class:
/* The Magnificent Clearfix: Updated to prevent margin-collapsing on child elements. j.mp/bestclearfix */ .clearfix:before , .clearfix:after { content : "\0020" ; display : block ; height : 0 ; overflow : hidden ; } .clearfix:after { clear : both ; } /* Fix clearfix: blueprintcss.lighthouseapp.com/projects/15318/tickets/5-extra-margin-padding-bottom-of-page */ .clearfix { zoom : 1 ; }
Print styles are also included to simplify the process of removing backgrounds, handling links, printing table rows, images, plus more:
/** * Print styles. * * Inlined to avoid required HTTP connection: www.phpied.com/delay-loading-your-print-css/ */ @media print { * { background : transparent !important ; color : black !important ; text-shadow : none !important ; filter : none !important ; -ms-filter : none !important ; } /* Black prints faster: sanbeiji.com/archives/953 */ a , a:visited { color : #444 !important ; text-decoration : underline ; } a[href]:after { content : " (" attr(href) ")" ; } abbr[title]:after { content : " (" attr(title) ")" ; } .ir a:after , a[href^="javascript:"]:after , a[href^="#"]:after { content : "" ; } /* Don't show links for images, or javascript/internal links */ pre , blockquote { border : 1px solid #999 ; page-break-inside : avoid ; } thead { display : table-header-group ; } /* css-discuss.incutio.com/wiki/Printing_Tables */ tr , img { page-break-inside : avoid ; } @ page { margin : 0.5cm ; } p , h2 , h3 { orphans : 3 ; widows : 3 ; } h2 , h3 { page-break-after : avoid ; } }
Moving into the js folder in the project you'll find jQuery, IE6 png support and Modernizer scripts included in the js/libs folder. Custom scripts can go in the scripts.js file and plugin scripts can go in plugins.js. Any custom libraries used in the site can go in the mylibs folder. Keep in mind that the folders are only a recommended folder structure and as the HTML5 Boilerplate site likes to say, all of the code is “delete-key friendly” so feel free to reorganize things to fit your needs.
The index.html File
Opening up the index.html file provided by HTML5 Boilerplate you'll find some interesting code right at the top:
<! doctype html > <!-- paulirish.com/2008/conditional-stylesheets-vs-css-hacks-answer-neither/ --> <!--[if lt IE 7 ]> <html class="no-js ie6" lang="en"> <![endif]--> <!--[if IE 7 ]> <html class="no-js ie7" lang="en"> <![endif]--> <!--[if IE 8 ]> <html class="no-js ie8" lang="en"> <![endif]--> <!--[if (gte IE 9)|!(IE)]><!--> < html class ="no-js" lang ="en"> <!--<![endif]—>
First, you'll note that the standard HTML5 doctype declaration is defined. I can't tell you how happy it makes me to have this simple definition since the different XHTML doctype options were hard to remember. Immediately under the doctype you'll notice the inclusion of several conditional statements to check for IE6, IE7, IE8 and IE9 along with other modern browsers. By default this code adds a no-js CSS class name and the appropriate IE class on the root <html> element if Internet Explorer is hitting the site. If another browser such as Chrome or Firefox is hitting the page then only the no-js class is added to the <html> element. The no-js class is used to handle browsers that don't support JavaScript. For example, if you wanted to hide all <h1> elements in the page when a browser doesn't support JavaScript then you could add the following definition into style.css:
.no-js h1 { display : none ; } /* Hide h1 tags if Javascript is disabled */
At this point you may wonder how the no-js class gets removed from the <html> element when a browser does support JavaScript. After all, if the browser supports JavaScript it wouldn't make much sense to have a no-js class defined. To handle this, the HTML5 Boilerplate code adds a reference to the Modernizr script within the head section of index.html.
< script src ="js/libs/modernizr-1.7.min.js"></ script >
By default, Modernizr will locate the <html> element and change no-js to js if JavaScript is supported by the browser. An example of how Modernizr modifies the <html> element is shown using the IE9 developer tools (hit F12 when viewing a site in IE9 to get to the developer tools) and the Chrome developer tools (Ctrl + Shift + I) respectively:
HTML5 Boilerplate's index.html page includes several other interesting features including the following meta tags:
< meta charset ="utf-8"> <!-- Always force the latest IE rendering engine (even in intranet) & Chrome Frame Remove this if you use the .htaccess --> < meta http-equiv ="X-UA-Compatible" content ="IE=edge,chrome=1">
The first meta tag sets the character set to utf-8 and is a short-cut version of what was used previously:
< meta http-equiv ="Content-Type" content ="text/html;charset=utf-8" >
At first glance setting the character set may seem trivial and unimportant but it can actually stop some script attacks that rely on utf-7 so it's recommended that you define it in your pages. The second meta tag is used to force Internet Explorer to use its most modern rendering engine. This comes into play with IE8 and IE9 since they have compatibility modes that a user can select in the address bar and ensures that Internet Explorer compatibility mode rendering isn't used (even if the user selected it). Although this second meta tag doesn't pass the latest W3C validation test it's good to have to prevent IE8/IE9 browsers from reverting back to IE7 mode due to the user enabling compatibility mode.
Moving down further in the <head> element within index.html you'll see that Google's CDN is used to load jQuery:
< script src ="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.5.1/jquery.js"></ script >
This provides several benefits related to caching and location. A user visiting a site that references the Google CDN (Content Delivery Network) URL for jQuery will have the script cached in their browser. If they then visit your site that references the same CDN script file the cached version will be used resulting in faster page load times. Also, Google's CDN servers (note that Microsoft also provides a CDN for jQuery: http://www.asp.net/ajaxlibrary/cdn.ashx#jQuery_Releases_on_the_CDN_0) are located throughout the world so when the jQuery script gets loaded for the first time a server close to the user's location will normally be hit.
Having a reference to the CDN version of jQuery is nice but it's always good to have a fallback in case the CDN is inaccessible for whatever reason. HTML5 Boilerplate uses a trick I like to use as well to embed a local copy of jQuery if the CDN version can't be loaded. It does this by checking for the existence of the window.jQuery object. If the object isn't found then the CDN script wasn't loaded successfully and a local version of the script is loaded instead:
< script > window.jQuery || document.write( "<script src='js/libs/jquery-1.5.1.min.js'>\x3C/script>" ) </ script >
Another key item added into index.html is a reference to the Google Analytics script for tracking page hits and other details. If you have a Google Analytics account you can update your site's ID in the provided script:
< script > var _gaq=[[ "_setAccount" , "UA-XXXXX-X" ],[ "_trackPageview" ]]; ( function (d,t){ var g=d.createElement(t),s=d.getElementsByTagName(t)[0];g.async=1; g.src=( "https:" ==location.protocol? "//ssl" : "//www" )+ ".google-analytics.com/ga.js" ; s.parentNode.insertBefore(g,s)}(document, "script" )); </ script >
Testing Features
In addition to the HTML, CSS and JavaScript features added by HTML5 Boilerplate, support for QUnit is also included out of the box. QUnit is a JavaScript test library used to test the Query project code but can also be used to test JavaScript code that you write. Within the project created by HTML5 Boilerplate you'll find a folder named test that contains the qunit.js and associated CSS file as well as a sample test HTML page and test script. The test script provides a few basic examples of using QUnit to perform assertions and test logging functionality available in the plugins.js file included with the project:
module( "example tests" ); test( "HTML5 Boilerplate is sweet" , function (){ expect(1); equals( "boilerplate" .replace( "boilerplate" , "sweet" ), "sweet" , "Yes. HTML5 Boilerplate is, in fact, sweet" ); }) // these test things from plugins.js test( "Environment is good" , function (){ expect(3); ok( !!window.log, "log function present" ); var history = log.history && log.history.length || 0; log( "logging from the test suite." ) equals( log.history.length - history, 1, "log history keeps track" ) ok( !!window.Modernizr, "Modernizr global is present" ) })
While a complete discussion of QUnit is outside the scope of this post you can read more about it at http://docs.jquery.com/QUnit.
Conclusion
Whether you're an experienced Web developer or someone looking to get into HTML5 Web development, the code generated by the HTML5 Boilerplate site can help jumpstart your projects. It includes several tips and tricks to handle cross-browser issues that crop up out of the box, implements proven best practices, and ultimately simplifies the process of writing HTML5 compliant web pages. Although the code generated by HTML5 Boilerplate only provides skeleton HTML/CSS/JS code you can visit other sites such as http://initializr.com that build on the skeleton code while supplying functional pages with graphics and placeholders.
It was around approximately 9 p.m. on October 29, 2012, when Hurricane Sandy was at its peak, that lower Manhattan was plunged into darkness.
The ConEd substation on East 13th Street in Alphabet City flooded, causing a huge transformer explosion—visible from as far away as Brooklyn and the Lower East Side—that knocked out part of the island's grid. That disaster was compounded by outages at two other lower Manhattan substations, eventually leading to a days-long blackout that affected hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers.
There's a now-iconic photo by Iwan Baan, featured on the cover of New York magazine's November 5, 2012 issue, that gives a sense of how widespread the blackout was. Manhattan was an island bifurcated; there was everything above roughly 30th Street, where you could almost believe that things had gotten back to normal. But once you crossed from midtown into downtown—or, as some people jokingly noted, into a new neighborhood called SoPo (as in, South of Power)—New York was a completely different place.
Some parts of lower Manhattan still had power (notably, Goldman Sachs's West Street headquarters), but most of those neighborhoods stayed dark. There were no traffic lights, no neon signs illuminating normally busy streets; even bodegas, which are generally assumed to operate no matter what, closed. Without power, what else could they do?
Curbed photographer Max Touhey was out in Manhattan the day after Sandy tore through the city, and their photos from the night of October 30 capture the eerie, empty vibe that took hold in the days after the storm. Check those out below, and if you've got a memory from the blackout, feel free to share in the comments.
Financial District
Soho
Chinatown
UPDATE: 8:45 p.m.
State Police have identified the pilot and passenger killed in a state police helicopter crash on Old Farm Rd. in Albemarle County on Saturday.
Police said the Bell 407 helicopter was was assisting public safety resources with the ongoing situation in Charlottesville.
The pilot, identified as Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, of Midlothian, and the passenger, identified as Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates of Quinton, died at the scene.
The FAA and NTSB is investigating the cause of the crash; there is no indication of foul play being a factor.
“Our state police and law enforcement family at-large are mourning this tragic outcome to an already challenging day,” said Colonel W. Steven Flaherty, Virginia State Police Superintendent. “Lieutenant Cullen was a highly-respected professional aviator and Trooper-Pilot Bates was a welcome addition to the Aviation Unit, after a distinguished assignment as a special agent with our Bureau of Criminal Investigation. Their deaths are a tremendous loss to our agency and the Commonwealth.”
Lt. Cullen graduated from the Virginia State Police Academy in May 1994 as a member of the 90th Basic Session, they are survived by their wife and two sons.
Trooper-Pilot Bates would have turned 41-years-old on Sunday. They graduated from the Virginia State Police Academy in August 2004 as a member of the 107th Basic Session and just transferred to the Aviation Unit in July.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe and their wife, Dorothy, have issued a statement calling the loss of the two troopers devastating.
------------
UPDATE: 6 p.m.
FAA confirms that two people were killed after a state police helicopter crashed in Charlottesville around 5 p.m. Saturday.
Officials said the deaths have been linked to a violent white nationalist rally earlier in the day, The Associated Press reported.
It was not immediately clear how the crash was connected to the rally. Corinne Geller, a Virignia State Police spokesperson, says the pilot and a passenger were killed in the crash Saturday afternoon.
State Police said no one on the ground was injured and the cause of the crash is under investigation.
----------
ALBERMARLE Co., Va. (WSET) -- Emergency crews are on the scene of a helicopter crash in Albemarle County.
Officials are on the scene of Old Farm Rd., near the Birdwood Golf Course in Charlottesville.
Virginia State Police confirmed it was one of their helicopters that went down.
The FAA confirmed that it crashed about seven miles southwest of Charlottesville around 4:50 p.m. and two people were on board.
It's not clear if anyone is injured or how the crash occurred.
This is a breaking news story, check back for updates.
The research, conducted by scientists at the New York University School of Medicine was published online May 15th in Nature Medicine.
"This study in animals resonates with what we see in the clinic, where patients with acute or chronic infectious diseases often have weaker performance on motor skills and experience memory decline," study co-author Guang Yang said in a press release .
In a new study, scientists reported finding that viruses affect the immune system in a way that results in loss of connections between nerve cells in mice brains and those mice performed worse on tests of learning ability.
Despite mounting scientific evidence that viruses can cause changes in learning and memory, the reasons have remained elusive.
How a Virus Uses the Immune System to Change the Brain
One route of entry for viruses into the body is through the blood. Even if a virus initially enters through the lungs (like the flu virus) or the genital tract (like HIV), the virus often ends up in the blood.
Experiments in mice conducted by the investigators found that the effects of a virus-like infection — created by injecting the mice with a non-pathogenic compound that the body reacts to as if it were an infection — on the brain started in the bloodstream.
They found that when a virus enters the bloodstream, it triggers the immune system to respond. The first cells that respond to fight the foreign invader are immune cells that go by the name CX3CR1highLY6Clow monocytes in mice — a very unique subset of white cells. In humans, they go by the name CX3CR1highCD14dimCD16+, but, they both are the patrolling cells of the immune system.
Dendrites are projections from the brain's neuron cells that carry information from another neuron into the dendrite cell's body. Some dendrites have small projections called dendritic spines that process information received through the senses into memories. The responding monocytes in the mice released tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa) — a protein involved in modulating immune responses — that then traveled to the brain. Once in the brain, the study team found that TNFa blocked the formation of dendritic spines.
Dendritic spines. Image via PLoSONE
To test effects of infection on the animals' ability to learn, mice were trained to run on an accelerating rotating rod, while the investigators took images of the dendrites in their brain. Two days after the researchers infected the mice with the viral mimic, they did significantly worse on the rotating rod manipulation they had learned just days before.
Brain images showed the mice with the virus-like infection had lost than half the percentage of dendritic spines as uninfected mice did and led the scientist to conclude that immune disruption of synaptic networks was the cause of the impaired learning process they observed.
The study authors said that the unique subset of monocytes, as well as TNFa, may present potential therapeutic targets for preventing infection-induced cognitive dysfunction.
Mr. Ray sat by the tent-flap door, Dr. Bunn said, which remained sealed except for pauses when fresh air briefly circulated as additional rocks heated in an outdoor fire were brought in.
But the heat grew overwhelming. About 90 minutes into the ceremony, Dr. Bunn said, someone yelled in the darkness that a woman had passed out just after Mr. Ray closed the tent door between rounds. Dr. Bunn said Mr. Ray replied, “We will deal with that after the next round.”
By the end of the ceremony, two people, James Shore, 40, who Dr. Bunn said had dragged an ill woman out of the lodge and then returned, and Kirby Brown, 38, were near death; they died that evening. A third participant, Liz Neuman, 49, fell into a coma and died on Oct. 17. Autopsies have been completed on Mr. Shore and Ms. Brown, but the results have not been released.
Mr. Ray, who is based in Carlsbad, Calif., did not respond to requests for comment. At a public seminar in Denver on Tuesday, they were interrupted by two men who shouted, “Tell them the truth!” and: “You control people! You stood in front of the door and refused to let people leave.”
Photo
The men were escorted from the meeting, and people burst into applause for Mr. Ray. “I, too, want answers and am I cooperating with authorities,” they said. They asked for a moment of silent prayer for those who had died.
Mr. Ray's company, James Ray International, made $9.4 million in 2008 from events including weekend seminars with titles like “World Wealth Summit,” videos and books, including the 2008 best-seller “Harmonic Wealth: The Secret of Attracting the Life You Want.” They gained wide attention in New Age circles with their 2006 appearance in “The Secret,” a film about reaching personal and financial goals.
The sweat lodge deaths have focused scrutiny on the New Age community in Sedona, which over three decades has become a magnet for spiritual seekers thanks to spectacular scenery and links to Native American rituals. The Angel Valley retreat center, which hosted the five-day Spiritual Warrior event, offers a menu of services like soul retrieval, vortex healing and dolphin energy healing.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A psychic in Waynesville, N.C., Page Bryant, who was among the first to claim in the 1980s that Sedona had several “vortexes” of high energy — the initial lure for the legions of seekers — said that they became fed up and left nearly two decades ago “because of the craziness I saw going on in the New Age community.”
The deaths have not shaken all of Mr. Ray's supporters. “He sets up the stage for people to change their lives — they give you the tools,” said Meredith Ann Murray, a real estate agent in Bellingham, Wash. They attended a 2007 Spiritual Warrior retreat, where they spent three hours in a sweat lodge. Mr. Ray let people come and go as they pleased, they said. Ms. Murray said they had had a “huge breakthrough” in the sweat lodge that helped them overcome claustrophobia.
They also described a game — enacted again at the retreat this month — in which Mr. Ray wears white robes and plays God, ordering some participants to commit mock suicide.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For the “vision quest,” the exercise that required spending 36 hours in the desert without food or water, participants had sleeping bags, but Mr. Ray also offered to sell Peruvian ponchos for $250, Dr. Bunn said.
After the vision quest and a light breakfast, Mr. Ray announced one more challenge to help break mental and spiritual blocks: a sweat lodge. “He told us that it was going to be an intense situation and it was to resemble a rebirthing,” Dr. Bunn said.
Dr. Bunn's description of the sweat lodge dovetailed with accounts gathered by Thomas J. McFeeley, a cousin of one of the dead, Ms. Brown, a painter from Westtown, N.Y. Mr. McFeeley said that they and their relatives had spoken to about 10 people who were in the lodge, lightly clothed, and that by all accounts, Mr. Ray had discouraged them from leaving except during brief breaks.
Photo
“James Ray stood by the door of the tent and they controlled when those rounds began and ended,” Mr. McFeeley said. “He called for more and hotter rocks that were brought into the tent between the rounds. They instructed people inside that you could not leave during the rounds. If you had to leave, you had to wait until the end of the round.”
Ted Schmidt, a lawyer for Sidney Spencer, 49, who was airlifted to Flagstaff Medical Center after they passed out in the sweat lodge, said Ms. Spencer had intended to leave but fainted before they could reach the door.
“Other people wanted to leave and some did leave,” Mr. Schmidt said. Mr. Ray “was very intimidating” and discouraged people from leaving, they added. “His catchphrase was, ‘playful on, you have to go through this barrier,' ” Mr. Schmidt said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They added that their client had suffered liver and kidney damage and “scorched lungs.” They said they planned to file a lawsuit.
On Wednesday, a publicist representing Mr. Ray, Howard Bragman, said their client would not comment on the accounts of participants. “There were a lot of people at the retreat who had amazing and empowering experiences,” Mr. Bragman said. “Before we rush to judgment, let's do a little more research and not try this case in the media.”
At least seven other people have died in ceremonial sweat lodges since 1993 in the United States, England and Australia, according to news accounts compiled by Alton Carroll, an adjunct professor of history at San Antonio College who also moderates the Web site Newagefraud.org.
Dr. Bunn and others said that by the end of the final round in the sweat lodge, at least three people were unconscious. Mr. Ray's employees, called the Dream Team, threw water on people as they emerged from the structure, which was about 24 feet wide and 4 1/2 feet tall.
The events have left Dr. Bunn distraught and angry. Dr. Bunn said that as they were crawling out of the tent, weak from exhaustion, they found Ms. Brown, their roommate at Angel Valley, not moving. “I think Kirby was barely gasping their last breaths, and that's what I was hearing as I got out of the tent.”
On a conference call Mr. Ray held last week for sweat lodge participants, Dr. Bunn was shocked to hear one recount the comments of a self-described “channeler” who visited Angel Valley after the retreat. Claiming to have communicated with the dead, the channeler said they had left their bodies in the sweat lodge and chosen not to come back because “they were having so much fun.”
Dr. Bunn had a less charitable view: “They couldn't re-enter their bodies because they were dead.”
This is, as you have heard repeatedly, the most divided Congress in history. There are various metrics that are used to calculated that division, but National Journal's annual vote ratings, released for the new Congress in February, offers as good an overview as you might need to prove the point. "Welcome to today's Congress," Josh Kraushaar wrote, "which in 2013 was more polarized than any Congress since National Journal began calculating its ratings in 1982."
That's true. The National Journal system measures voting records over the course of the year in an attempt to figure out which of their or their peers each member of Congress compares most closely to. For the fourth year, Kraushaar wrote, no Senate Democrat was more conservative than a Republican in that body, and vice versa. The middle ground has washed away.
But we wanted to see that erosion. So we pulled NJ's ranking data for each senator since 1993, and plotted their voting record on a scale from most to conservative to most liberal. Compare the 103rd Congress, in 1993, with today's. That purple zone in the 103rd Congress was where Republican and Democratic ideologies mixed, the left edge marked the most conservative Democrat and the right edge the most liberal Republican. There's no purple zone anymore.
One way to see how the Senate has changed is with a graph like this, with the more faded dots representing older Congresses. (Larger dots depict new senators; the colors, of course, break down by Democrat and Republican.)
But we wanted you to really be able to explore the data. So we made a tool that will let you step through the data, one Congress at a time.
One interesting thing to look at is how senators likely to face tough reelection campaigns often move toward the center. (What a surprise!) We pulled data for five incumbents facing tough reelection races. In each case, their positions in 2013 were closer to the opposite ideological pole than in the 111th Congress.
It will be interesting to see what happens to those who win reelection -- if they feel comfortable in moving back away from the center, at least until five years from now.
Compounds in blueberries might turn out to have a powerful effect on formation of strong, healthy bones, if results from studies with laboratory rats turn out to hold true for humans.
Jin-Ran Chen and their colleagues are exploring this idea in research funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) at the Arkansas Children's Nutrition Center (ACNC) in Little Rock. Chen is a principal investigator and lead scientist at the center's Skeletal Development Laboratory, and an assistant professor in the department of pediatrics at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, also in Little Rock.
Chen specializes in research on how what we eat during infancy, childhood and early adulthood affects growth and development of bones and the risk of developing osteoporosis or other degenerative bone diseases in later years.
Chen's studies with young, rapidly growing laboratory rats suggest that polyphenols, the compounds that give blueberries their blue, purple, and red coloration, might aid in building strong bones. The work has paved the way for new research that might reveal whether blueberries could be used in the future in treatments to boost development of bone mass and to help prevent osteoporosis.
Published in the Journal of Bone and Mineral Research in 2010, the investigation showed that animals fed rations that contained 10 percent freeze-dried blueberry powder had significantly more bone mass than their counterparts whose rations were blueberry-free.
When the researchers exposed laboratory cultures of bone-forming cells (osteoblasts) to blood (serum) from the animals, the scientists found that serum from the blueberry-fed rats was associated with an increase in development of osteoblasts into mature, functional bone cells.
Serum in the blueberry-fed rats was high in phenolic acids, derived from the color-impacting polyphenols. The research suggests that the phenolic acids may have had bone-building effects in the rats. Studies are needed to determine whether these benefits occur in humans, Chen noted.
Chen's research also suggests that the phenolic acids stimulated bone building via a pathway that may involve, for example, two genes, TCF and LEF, and a protein, beta-catenin. Beta-catenin is responsible for prompting osteoblasts to become mature and functional, while TCF and LEF are responsible for promoting synthesis of beta-catenin.
The ACNC is a partnership between the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Arkansas Children's Hospital in Little Rock, and the Agricultural Research Service, which is USDA's principal intramural scientific research agency. The research may help improve children's health and nutrition, a USDA top priority.
New research suggests that Site C could incur hundreds of millions in unnecessary costs. Refer it to the BC Utilities Commission for a full review.
Site C is an $8.3-billion hydroelectric project in the early stages of construction by BC Hydro, the provincial power utility, on the Peace River in northeastern British Columbia. It is designed to produce 1,100 megawatts of capacity and 5,100 gigawatt-hours per year of energy, starting in 2024. Supporters of the project have promoted it as a “clean, renewable energy” project. They have also argued that Site C is the most cost-effective way of meeting forecast increases in electricity demand, while being the preferred way of contributing to meeting British Columbia's and Canada's climate change objectives.
Our research at the University of British Columbia's Program on Water Governance (comprised of five reports written on Site C assessing First Nations issues, the regulatory process, greenhouse gas emissions, environmental impacts and economic issues) shows these claims are incorrect.
Site C is not the greenest option. Meeting future electricity requirements with Site C would create higher greenhouse gas emissions than the alternative plan that BC Hydro originally put forward. Site C will also have more significant adverse environmental impacts than any project ever approved under the history of the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act.
Site C is also not the cheapest option. Moreover, forecasts of future electricity requirements have dropped. As a result, the business case for Site C is questionable, as it is considerably more expensive than cheaper, more environmentally benign alternatives. BC Hydro could have chosen a less expensive alternative path, combining additional electricity conservation, wind power and pumped storage. Site C will be hundreds of millions – and perhaps even up to $1.5 billion – more expensive than this alternative.
Another good reason to hit pause: the federal and provincial governments have proceeded with Site C despite ongoing court challenges by Indigenous groups concerned about infringement of treaty rights. Government officials claimed that Indigenous rights would be handled fairly by the regulatory process. This too has not proven to be the case. The way that the interests of First Nations have been handled belies the federal and provincial governments' stated commitment to meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous peoples in Canada.
The Site C project was entirely exempt from review of economic issues (such as the relative cost of Site C versus other alternatives) by the BC Utilities Commission, despite such a review being recommended by the federal and BC governments' own Joint Review Panel (which examined environmental issues, as part of a review process under the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act). So the project has not received a full, transparent review of the issues we have identified. Our research, summarized here, partially fills this gap and indicates that it is not too late to hit pause on the project.
Site C: A weak business case
If the review of Site C took place today, the project would not, in our view, be approved, for three reasons: the significant decline in the cost of alternative sources of electricity; the significant decline in export market prices; and the dramatic drop since 2012 in BC Hydro's forecast electricity needs.
Falling demand and rising costs
BC Hydro's forecast of future electricity demand has gone down substantially over the past four years. The result: electricity from Site C will be 100 percent surplus upon commissioning in 2024. Site C electricity will not be fully required for nearly a decade thereafter, and potentially much later depending on actual future electricity requirements.
This overestimation of demand is unsurprising. Our research demonstrates that BC Hydro has overestimated future electricity demand in 85% of the load forecasts that they have produced over the past 30 years. In 1981, BC Hydro forecast that electricity demand would almost double in just 10 years, and the Site C project was proposed on that basis. Yet, more than 35 years later, demand still has not doubled. In the run-up to the Site C approval process, BC Hydro's demand forecasts increased annually until the year of the Site C environmental review. Since the project's approval in 2014, they have dropped significantly.
Exports are not an option for avoiding this significant burden to BC ratepayers. Innovation in the energy market has pushed prices in other jurisdictions lower than the cost of energy from Site C. As a result, the surplus produced by Site C will have to be sold at a loss. We estimate these future losses to be on the order of $950 million, and potentially well over $2 billion if the surplus-yielding period is longer.
Meanwhile, the costs of alternative resources have fallen substantially. For example, the cost of electricity from wind power has dropped by 20 percent since 2012, and Bloomberg and the International Renewable Energy Agency are expecting wind power costs to fall by another 20 percent — at least — by 2030. As a result, Site C will be between $500 million and $1.5 billion more expensive than the alternative plan we compared it against, which is an updated version of a plan previously considered by BC Hydro consisting of a combination of additional conservation, wind power and pumped hydro storage.
The good news for BC is that it is not too late to change course, according to our detailed modelling. Although BC Hydro has already started construction, it would still be cheaper to cancel the project rather than complete it. We therefore recommend that BC Hydro immediately suspend work on the project and that the government refer the project to the BC Utilities Commission for further review.
Site C is not as “clean and green” as 21st-century renewables like wind
The Site C reservoir, like all reservoirs, will have significant greenhouse gas emissions. BC Hydro has estimated the range as between 5 and 7 million tonnes over the first 30 years of operations (or the equivalent of adding 50,000 passenger vehicles to BC roads over that period). Our analysis shows that Site C's emissions would actually be larger than those from the alternative portfolio. Moreover, Site C's emissions would peak dramatically after commissioning in 2024 – precisely at the time that we are trying to reduce emissions.
Some proponents argue that decarbonizing the economy by using electricity to replace fossil fuels (in electric cars, for example) will create enough demand for electricity to justify Site C. Our research shows that this “electrification” of the economy will not produce enough demand to justify Site C on the current timeline. BC Hydro's own forecasts indicate that electricity demand from electrification will be relatively modest into the 2030s; by that time, other cheaper, less environmentally damaging renewables could be developed.
Our research also reveals that Site C will also have more significant adverse environmental impacts than any other project approved in the 25-year history of the Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. The unprecedented scale of these impacts is due to the vital role that the Peace River Valley plays in the ecology of the region. The alternative plan would have far fewer environmental impacts, and none of them would be as significant as those from Site C.
Site C makes a mockery of the commitment to reconciliation
Over the last half century, non-Indigenous society has increasingly interfered with the ability of Indigenous communities to live in the Peace River watershed. Dams were built within the watershed in 1967 and 1980, flooding vast stretches of the valley, creating North America's largest reservoir and displacing First Nations without environmental assessment or compensation, which was not given until decades later. First Nations signatories were promised upon signing Treaty 8 in 1899 that they could live as they did before and enjoy their treaty rights to hunting, fishing and cultural uses of the river and its valley.
Indigenous communities have repeatedly pointed to the fact that Site C would flood most of the remaining valley and severely harm treaty rights. However, the question of treaty rights infringement was excluded from the Joint Review Panel's mandate by the provincial and federal governments, forcing the affected Treaty 8 First Nations to pursue the matter in court. But the BC Court of Appeal and the Federal Court of Appeal both recently ruled that the Crown has the ability to proceed without being forced to consider the matter of treaty rights. As these two decisions came out a week apart (in late January and early February) it is too early to know if they will be appealed up to the Supreme Court of Canada (and whether any such appeal would be granted by the Court).
In the meantime, the government's “build first, litigate during and compensate after” approach to development has been condemned by Indigenous leaders across Canada. In essence, it is a double standard: First Nations are forced to engage in lengthy and expensive litigation in order to require the government to fulfill its constitutional obligation to assess and protect the full scope of their treaty rights, while the Crown is allowed to simply act as it pleases. Governments are playing a legal shell game, where the key goal is to have Site C proceed without any meaningful assessment of whether the project infringes on First Nations' Treaty rights.
The bottom line is that the federal government has committed to reconciliation with Indigenous peoples. And it has adopted the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples — which requires free, prior and informed consent on the part of Indigenous peoples before resource development is pursued — with the promise of changing the status quo. But the actions of both the provincial and federal governments have contradicted their commitments. This, in our view, is another key reason to hit pause on the Site C project.
What should we do?
The answer is simple. Since we are not past the economic point of no return, it is just common sense to hit pause and refer the project to the BC Utilities Commission for a full review.
Furthermore, hitting pause would provide the necessary time for one of two processes: either the federal Department of Justice could conduct a full assessment of the effects of the dam on constitutionally protected treaty rights, or a dialogue could be established between the treaty parties to settle this matter through fair negotiations. Either path would allow both levels of government to fulfill their stated promise of working toward reconciliation with First Nations by answering a basic question: Does the dam project infringe upon the constitutionally protected rights of the Treaty 8 First Nations?
The merits of the business case and infringement on Treaty rights should have been assessed before Site C was approved. This is simple common sense.
Our research indicates that proceeding with Site C may result in hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars of unnecessary costs, for a project that will have an unprecedented environmental impact. It is imperative that the Site C Project be referred to the BC Utilities Commission, so that we can take a sober second look.
Photo: Local Liberal candidate Dan Davies looks on as Liberal leader Christy Clark makes a campaign stop at Inland Concrete in Fort St. John, B.C., Tuesday, April 18, 2017. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Jonathan Hayward
Do you have something to say about the article you just read? Be part of the Policy Options discussion, and send in your own submission. Here is a link on how to do it. | Souhaitez-vous réagir à cet article ? Joignez-vous aux débats d'Options politiques et soumettez-nous votre texte en suivant ces directives.
Summer is a bad time for English football fans. If it's an even-numbered year, we've grown accustomed to the England side crashing out of major international tournaments in embarrassing circumstances. Odd-numbered years are even worse: there's no football at all. Over the past couple of decades, however, things have changed significantly in those dreaded odd-numbered summers.
Once upon a time, there was genuinely an "off-season" with no televised football and minimal coverage in newspapers or television. Nowadays, football is permanent. There has been summer-long coverage of various international tournaments from across the globe, while social media is packed with as much football content as ever, mainly involving transfers. Indeed, one major football website recently reported its highest-ever day of traffic. When the football season ends, the transfer season begins.
It would be inaccurate to say that transfer speculation is a recent phenomenon, but over the past 15 years, the emphasis upon transfers has increased significantly. But it's also worth remembering that the transfer window in its current form is only 15 years old. Until 2002, Premier League clubs were allowed to purchase players throughout the season with the exception of the last few weeks when there was a spring transfer deadline day, which passed without much attention. There simply wasn't a need to get business done in the summer.
In 2002, however, the the Premier League was forced to abide by new UEFA rules about transfer windows. And in 2002-03, therefore, the concept of "having a good transfer window" was started by Birmingham in January.
After a disastrous first half-season in the Premier League, Steve Bruce signed four key players in January: Matthew Upson, Jamie Clapham, Stephen Clemence and, most importantly, the majestic Christophe Dugarry. Birmingham improved dramatically and defied the odds to avoid relegation. Their survival was widely traced back to their fine transfer campaign and suddenly, the transfer window was a thing in itself, a concept clubs could "win" and "lose."
The problem, though, is that teams are judged to "win" and "lose" in completely the wrong way. There's increasingly an implication that the primary objective is simply to sign as many players, preferably big names and for a sizeable fee, as possible. "Spend some money!" became a regular early-season chant at the Emirates a few seasons ago. A Liverpool fan recently told me "Really, we just need to sign someone."
Signing no-one is considered disastrous. One British newspaper recently awarded "marks" to all 20 Premier League sides for their summer transfer business. Everton were the only team awarded an "A+" based upon the fact that they've brought in five relatively good players. But it's unlikely that any of that quintet boasts the ability to help Everton improve upon last season's seventh-placed finish, while it ignores the fact the Toffees have parted company with Romelu Lukaku, by far their best performer last season.
At the opposite end of the scale, three clubs were awarded an "E." Crystal Palace have only just appointed Frank de Boer as coach, so their transfer business has necessarily been delayed, while West Ham have been more active in the past couple of days, securing the loan signing of England number one Joe Hart.
The only other side to have endured a disastrous campaign, apparently, is Tottenham Hotspur but the truth is entirely different: Tottenham have enjoyed the best transfer campaign of any Premier League club.
By retaining their talented young core and focusing on teamwork, Spurs are winning this summer's transfer window.
Realistically speaking, Tottenham are not one of Europe's elite in terms of stature, honours or wage bill and yet they have genuinely elite players. Harry Kane, Dele Alli, Christian Eriksen, Jan Vertonghen and Toby Alderweireld would walk into any Premier League side and also catch the interest major European giants, while Victor Wanyama, Moussa Dembele and Hugo Lloris are also among the best in their positions. None of them have left the club so far.
A chairperson or manager pointing to "not losing players" as reason to celebrate is considered something of an excuse or cop-out but it's the primary objective for every football club. Everyone has given up claiming they're "not a selling club" but really, every club in Europe, with the exception of Real Madrid and Barcelona, is now a selling club.
In recent years, Tottenham have previously been forced to cope with the loss of almost every genuine superstar they had: Dimitar Berbatov, Luka Modric, Gareth Bale to name just three. Keeping your star players is far better than signing a star player: there's no risk, no period of adaptation and no need for others to adjust their game to cope with a new arrival.
What's most striking is that Spurs' key players haven't even been linked with other clubs: there's no will-he-won't-he saga involving Alli or Kane. Desperately convincing a want-away player to leave can be disastrous too: the uncertainty hampers tactical preparations and harms team spirit, the player performs poorly because they don't want to be there, and the club eventually sell the player the following summer at a knock-down rate because their contract is closer to expiring.
It's not simply about avoiding sales, but about avoiding the possibility of sales.
In that respect, Tottenham have played a blinder. They have lost one player -- Kyle Walker -- but Spurs were compensated with a truly staggering amount of money, £50m. They'll surely be able to purchase a comparable replacement for that type of money while they currently boast an impressive understudy in Kieran Trippier (who recently signed a contract extension) anyway.
One of the most frequent cliches used to encourage clubs to sign new players is "if you stand still, you go backwards." That's unquestionably true, but improving isn't simply about signing new players. The most crucial improvement can equally come from individual players gaining more experience -- Tottenham have a number of players approaching their peak years, for example -- and from teams becoming better collectively due to more experience of playing together.
Tottenham are arguably the most tactically harmonious team in the Premier League. During Mauricio Pochettino's three years at the club, the points tally has gone from 64 to 70 to 86. There have been some crucial signings, certainly, but more than anything, Spurs' improvement has been about their collective understanding of Pochettino's tactics. The way they've become excellent at various concepts in turn -- pressing, defending, attacking, tactical versatility -- is about far more than a couple of new arrivals.
An increasingly common punishment for irregular practices, particularly with regard to youth players, is clubs being handed a transfer ban. It's tempting to wonder whether for many clubs, this is the best thing that could happen. While it would be considered a disaster by supporters, it would force the club into pursuing the practices that generally make for good teams: keeping a settled side, addressing tactical problems and steadily promoting or nurturing promising youth products.
In the case of Atletico Madrid, a classic selling club, it even meant that their star player, Antoine Griezmann, was convinced to stay because it would be a "low blow" to leave when their club wouldn't be able to find a replacement. It's worked out brilliantly. If Atletico have another fine season, Premier League clubs might start to wonder precisely why they're so intent on buying players simply for the sake of it.
Michael Cox is the editor of zonalmarking.net and a contributor to ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @Zonal_Marking.
Defeating Security Scams With Maximum Lawls
JeremyRubin Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 23, 2014
Security is of the utmost importance for me, especially in my work for the MIT Bitcoin Project. So I was alarmed when this showed up in my inbox:
You ain't got no Swag
Unfortunately I was out and about when I saw this, but I wasn't too concerned. After all, we're only really running a static site at the moment. I couldn't resist inquiring further. Later that evening:
Maybe It Was Their Use Of Capitalization Which Drew Me In
I quickly found that Nakul's motivations were simple:
Game on:
Most likely, yes
Holy shit. Here are the bugs: Injected my Database using Database Injection (my server has no DB); Leaked all my Bitcoins; or Defaced my whole server — and Nakul doesn't care.
Who is our new friend anyways? A cursory search yields: https://medium.com/@tareksiddiki/story-of-a-beg-bounty-hunter-e9a1f58ddf9e. TL;DR: Nakul is some kind of dumb ass bug-bounty chaser. Thanks Tarek!
Thus the plan begins:
I throw up a simple “hacked by Nakul” on the main site, and send some concerned messages:
Nakul doesn't respond. I tell Nakul I don't want to escalate:
And dance they did
Nakul bites:
The nerve!
Wat:
At this point, you may view this version of the website at
for historical reasons. You'll need your full attention & audio to maximize enjoyment.
So what does Nakul really want?
First & Foremost, a well deserved “I told you so”:
Nakul gets down to business:
I'm in too deep. At this point, Dan points out this amazing counter-scam tactic. http://imgur.com/a/tR48B. I weigh my options and dive deeper:
Our next messages are sent at the same time — Nakul's comes in while mine is sending:
Nakul bites…
Proof of Bite: https://blockchain.info/tx/aeab85ffd0fb3552c9bc864511117759c50bb0161ed777d94a4acd05e6d70309
… I bite back:
Panic onsets:
You're asking me to use PayPal?
I reset the website:
Say hello to my little friend:
Nakul doubles down:
I admire your confidence and bask in your stupidity.
Reading the Riot Act:
Nakul issues an empty threat:
The Donation is… a #DOGENATION. That's right, I'm supporting the Shibes on this one.
To learn more about NYC Shiba Rescue, please see http://nycshibarescue.org/
Thanks for reading. Please let me know of any security vulnerabilities you may discover, I can't promise a reward, but I can promise your continued lawls.
As a reminder, MIT BitComp Round 3 closes tomorrow at Midnight — good luck to all entrants!
For more info, please visit http://mitbitcoinproject.org/#bitcomp
Amazon officially launched its new Amazon Flex package delivery option on Tuesday, taking a page out of Uber's book by using everyday drivers to deliver packages in their own cars.
The company advertises drivers can make $18 to $25 per hour, set their own schedule and make as many or few deliveries they want seven days a week. You have to be at least 21-years-old and have a car, driver's license, a clean background check and an Android phone.
GeekWire first reported on the service last month, when we stumbled across the new logo at a Prime Now distribution center in Kirkland. No one was quite sure what Flex would be, but signs around the building led us to believe it would be some new way for customers to get their packages.
Sure enough, Amazon Flex launched in Seattle on Tuesday and is now recruiting drivers to handle Prime Now's one- and two-hour deliveries. The service will soon launch in eight other cities, including Portland and New York.
It seems like nothing will change for the customers served by Amazon Flex. Instead, it's a new tool the e-commerce giant is adding to its growing rapid delivery network, which now includes full-time drivers, bicycle riders and Uber-like drivers.
Amazon tells the Wall Street Journal it will continue to use the courier companies it has previously relied on for these same-day deliveries, but it will now also have the ability to route some orders through Flex.
Of course, this also means Amazon just became the most recent tech giant to wander into the controversial world of independent contractors. Uber popularized the on-demand business model years ago, where workers aren't classified as employees and therefore aren't entitled to rights such as health benefits. The practice has been widely adopted across the tech industry, but has come under fire recently. Several lawsuits have already been filed hoping to force companies to reclassify their independent contractors as full employees.
But Amazon senior vice president of world-wide operations Dave Clark tells the Wall Street Journal the company is confident in its approach. Amazon's driver recruiting website points to the perks these new jobs offer that traditional employees don't enjoy, namely schedule flexibility.
“There is a tremendous population of people who want to work in an on-demand fashion,” Clark told the WSJ. “This is another opportunity for people to work with the company.”
Readers from across the country are reaching out to help a dying Victoria mother who is raising two young children while living on welfare because of unpaid child support.
A trust account has been set up for the children in the family's name at the TD Canada Trust.
article continues below
Tjally Heino, 42, is owed about $350,000 in child support.
Unable to work because they have an incurable cancer, they were forced onto disability and income assistance. They have a 15-year-old daughter and a seven-year-old son.
Heino told the family's story in the Times Colonist on Dec. 1 in the hope of getting justice, not charity.
But since the story appeared here and in Toronto, both in newspapers and on television, readers and viewers have offered to help.
Realtor Lisa Williams of Victoria has offered to pay for a trip for the family to Disneyland. Heino's oncologist gave them the OK Thursday to travel. Heino said their children are ecstatic and they are overwhelmed by the generosity.
In court documents from 2007, John Timothy Jackson was ordered to pay Heino child support in the sum of $6,800 per month. The amount reflects how much their husband was earning at the time. The family says it hasn't received a penny.
The judge also gave Heino sole custody of the couple's children — Emily Rose Jackson and Aryeh Jackson. In 2009, the temporary order was made permanent by the court.
Meanwhile, in 2008, Heino was diagnosed with breast cancer. The cancer spread and Heino now has Stage 4 breast cancer.
“It will eventually be terminal. It's not curable,” confirmed Victoria oncologist Dr. Vanessa Bernstein.
The Victoria mother is calling on the enforcement systems in B.C. and Ontario to find their ex-husband and give them children the financial support they deserve and are entitled to by law.
After the Times Colonist story was published, John Jackson's brother Greg Jackson contacted the paper from Toronto to say their brother is ill with an opiate addiction, hasn't worked steadily since 2006 and doesn't make the same amount of money as they once did.
“No one in our family knows how to contact him, and they rarely make an appearance in any of our lives — it is our best guess that they haven't been employed for many months now,” Jackson said in an email.
“There is no doubt that this is a sad story; in the very near future, my niece and nephew will have lost both their parents.”
Heino said it was their husband's addiction that broke up their marriage in 2007 but that they went into treatment.
Even when they had finished their rehabilitation and was working, they didn't attend court dates and didn't make their court- ordered payments, according to the Heino family.
The enforcement programs in Ontario and B.C. say they have been on the case since Heino enrolled in B.C.'s Family Maintenance Enforcement Program in 2011, but critics say two years without results is unconscionable.
Since the story appeared, readers have emailed the paper to offer monetary donations of up to $500 for the children or simply to enhance the family's Christmas celebration.
This has prompted the family to set up a trust account.
Donations can be made at any TD Canada Trust branch in the name of the Heino family, trust account No. 9919-6348976 or (Branch 9919, Account 6348976).
charnett@timescolonist.com
A Lake Oswego real-estate agent who investigators say tried to cut corners -- by hiring untrained day laborers to remove asbestos from a trendy Southeast Portland house that they were flipping -- pleaded guilty Monday to a misdemeanor crime.
William Gaffney had no previous criminal history, but state investigators say their actions in March 2014 moved into the criminal realm when they failed to hire a trained asbestos-abatement company to gut the 1908 Craftsman-style home, just steps from hip Hawthorne Boulevard.
Instead, investigators say Gaffney hired six less-expensive workers from Labor Ready. The workers were covered in dirt, had only dust masks and no protective suits, investigators say. As a dust cloud settled around the home, neighbors shared their worries first with Gaffney -- who brushed off their concerns -- and later with state officials, investigators say.
Even after an Oregon Occupational Safety and Health Division inspector showed up and collected samples from a large trash container outside the home, Gaffney disobeyed orders, investigators say.
"They specifically told Mr. Gaffney, 'We firmly believe that there are asbestos-containing materials in this Dumpster. Do not dispose of them without making the proper arrangements,'" said Patrick Flanagan, an attorney who prosecuted the case for the Oregon Department of Justice. "The next day when that inspector came back, the Dumpster was gone and it had not gone to a proper disposal facility."
This case is only the second that Flanagan could recall of a developer being convicted of criminal wrongdoing for exposing others to asbestos. In 2012, developer Daniel Desler was convicted for negligently releasing asbestos into the air as they tried to redevelop an old sawmill in Sweet Home into a housing development.
Asbestos is a known carcinogen believed to be so dangerous that even brief exposures can develop into life-threatening diseases decades later.
Gaffney, who goes by Bill Gaffney, is founder and owner of Change Realty in Lake Oswego. The firm has made a name for itself in the real-estate world by charging a 1 percent commission for selling homes, opposed to the more traditional 5 or 6 percent.
As part of a plea deal, Gaffney pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts of recklessly endangering another person and one violation count of second-degree unlawful air pollution. They were ordered to two years of probation and 80 hours of community service. They also must pay a $10,000 fine -- on top of the $10,200 that the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality and OSHA already fined them for asbestos and lead-paint violations.
Gaffney bought the house near Southeast 48th Avenue and Hawthorne for $350,000 in February 2014, according to property records. A year later, they sold it for $675,000. Flanagan, the prosecuting attorney, said they wanted to attach criminal culpability to the case to drive home a message to Gaffney.
"It was important to the state that this was not just a cost-of-doing-business analysis for Mr. Gaffney," Flanagan told Multnomah County Circuit Judge Henry Kantor.
Flanagan told the judge that Gaffney might not have only exposed the workers' to asbestos, but the neighbors, too. Gaffney also walked through the work site while the home's interior was being demolished.
Gaffney clearly had a tough time coming to terms with their first criminal conviction Monday. They looked sullen and sometimes cast their eyes toward the floor or slightly shook their head as the prosecuting attorney spoke.
When the hearing began, the judge asked Gaffney what they did wrong. Gaffney didn't admit much.
"It was asbestos that I was unaware of," Gaffney said. "And once I became aware of it, I took the proper steps to remediate."
The judge said they couldn't accept Gaffney's guilty pleas, if that's all they were willing to admit.
Gaffney left the room with their attorney, then came back 10 minutes later -- willing to concede more fault.
Their attorney, Per Ramfjord, told the judge that Gaffney should have known that there was a risk of asbestos exposure in remodeling the 107-year-old home -- given Gaffney's years working as a real-estate broker and their experience hiring an asbestos-abatement company for an apartment complex they remodeled about seven years ago.
When the judge asked if Gaffney agreed with everything their attorney had just said, Gaffney responded only: "Yes."
Gaffney declined to make any additional statements when given a chance.
"He should have known better, and they should have hired an abatement contractor first," Ramfjord said. "We think Mr. Gaffney has certainly more than learned their lesson from this event."
-- Aimee Green
503-294-5119
Watching the lame-duck Senate debate the New START treaty has been maddening. For the better part of four days, Senate Republicans have been whining about process and time constraints, which, as previously noted, were of the GOP's own making.
The lack of time, Republicans now complain, doesn't allow for the proper consideration of amendments to the treaty. Yet, they wait until day three of debate to offer their first amendment — a fundamentally unserious amendment introduced by Sen. John McCain, whose performance throughout the START debate should serve as a reminder to American voters that the Senator from Arizona would have made a disastrous president.
McCain's complaint was that language contained within the treaty's preamble could potentially be exploited by the Russians to limit proposed U.S. missile defense programs. Political Correction published a detailed take down of McCain's assessment, Dec. 17, but Washington Monthly blogger Steve Benen summed the matter well:
McCain has absolutely no idea what he's talking about. This isn't a subjective matter, where reasonable people can come to different conclusions shaped by perspective and opinion; McCain is just completely wrong — the preamble is non-binding, and it simply describes the existing reality. McCain said the language will hinder missile defense efforts going forward, but the U.S. general in charge of missile defense says that's backwards.
Reality notwithstanding, a growing number of Republicans rallied behind McCain's recommended changes to the preamble, despite the fact that the language is non-binding, and despite knowing that approving the amendment would necessarily kill the treaty.
While the Senate has an obligation to advise and consent on New START, demands to change the text of the agreement — as was the case with McCain's amendment — would effectively prohibit its ratification. It's highly unlikely the Russians would renegotiate the agreement. Why would they bother with such a toxic political mess, one that's poised to get worse with 10 additional Republicans joining the dysfunctional Senate in the next session?
It was extremely fortunate, then, that McCain's demand for the treaty's preamble to be changed failed. In the afterglow of the successful repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell, and following their receipt of a letter from president Obama seeking to allay Republicans' concerns, the Senate voted down the amendment, 59-37.
As the president, once again, urged during their Dec. 18 weekly address, the Senate is expected to press on with debate and vote on New START before the end of the lame-duck session. It remains uncertain if the 2/3 majority (67 votes) required for ratification are secured. By Benen's count, “It's going to be tight…”
At this point, the head-count is looking shaky. To ratify, nine Senate Republicans would have to do the right thing, but at this point, I only see seven firm “yes” votes — Bennett (Utah), Brown (Mass.), Collins (Maine), Lugar (R-Ind.), Murkowski (R-Alaska), Snowe (Maine), and Voinovich (Ohio).
And as of Sunday, those listed by Benen and any other Republican Senator choosing to “do the right thing” will have to vote against the GOP leadership's freshly stated position against ratification. Stay tuned.
Take Action–> Urge Senators to Support Nuclear Arms Reduction
Image via flickr.com user Soggydan
Image caption The technology may pave the way to 3D movie theatres without glasses
Technology that could lead to the creation of glasses-free 3D films at cinemas has been developed by researchers in South Korea.
It uses a barrier with slats so that when a viewer looks at the screen each of their eyes sees the image differently.
As a result their brain creates an illusion of depth.
TV makers have tried to use a similar approach, but require viewers to be in a particular spot to see a 3D image.
This would not be possible in a cinema where the audience needs to be able to watch the screen from a wide variety of angles.
The study was carried out at Seoul National University and appears in the journal Optics Express.
"This new method seems to be a viable one for providing glasses-free 3D environment with front-projection technology - instead of using multiple projectors, it only uses one," said Prof John Koshel from the College of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona, who edited the study for publication.
They explained that the standard way to create 3D-images on a movie screen was to use stereoscopy: the technique involves projecting two 2D-images through a special filter.
To the naked eye the two offset versions of the footage appear to be superimposed over each other. But if the viewer wears polarised glasses the left lens only lets in one of the images, and the right lens the other, creating a sense of depth.
Auto-stereoscopy
To go glasses-free TV makers have used a different technique involving what is known as a "parallax barrier".
Image caption Experimental results show a 3D image of two cars, projected onto a screen through a parallax barrier
This involves placing a barrier in front of the image source which has slats in it similar to those of a Venetian blind.
These slats are angled so that light from one set of the TV screen's pixels shines through and is directed to one of the viewer's eye, and light from another set is shown to the other eye - with no overlap.
But this only provides a 3D-effect if the watcher is sitting in a specific spot.
Manufacturers have created televisions showing several pairs of images - allowing a single screen to support several family members sitting in specific positions. But they cannot support the dozens - or even hundreds - of people sitting in a cinema at the same time.
The South Korean team mimicked this technique, but adapted it to support a much wider variety of viewing angles.
They did this by creating the slat-effect using polarisers - similar to those used in the lenses of 3D cinema glasses.
Their screen was also covered with a special coating, and this combined with their adapted barrier produced many pairs of images - enough in theory to accommodate a cinema audience.
The lead scientist Byoungho Lee, professor at Seoul National University, said that more research was necessary, but the technology "might constitute a simple, compact, and cost-effective approach to producing widely available 3D cinema, while also eliminating the need for wearing polarising glasses".
Did it feel like a slap in the face? When the federal government revealed this week that only 6.3 per cent of Syrian refugees living in Jordanian and Lebanese camps, when offered the chance, wanted to come to Canada, did we feel just a bit spurned? Like we had cooked a three-course dinner and vacuumed the house, only to learn that our friends would rather go out for pizza?
It should be both reassuring and sadly familiar news. Reassuring, because it reminds us that refugees are not freeloading hordes seeking to break down the doors of the West, as some would portray it. Rather, they're badly jarred families trying to calculate the best path to safety and stability.
Those who agree to the unsettling ordeal of a transoceanic move will be the few who have knowledge and connections in Canada. (We're not taking the well-connected refugees who pay thousands to cross into Europe, but the tough cases in camps.) People don't flee to a country if they don't like the place.
Story continues below advertisement
Which is why this should be sadly familiar. Contrary to our self-image, Canada is not good at attracting newcomers. We have, for most of our history, been better at deterring them – and we've done little lately to improve this record.
In the century after the War of 1812, Canada's stifling Anglican culture and colonial bureaucratic-mindedness were a powerful deterrent to arrivals. From the 1850s to the 20th century, a Statistics Canada historical analysis concluded, "many immigrants entered Canada. However, more people, especially those living in Eastern Canada, left the country primarily to settle in the United States." The United Empire Loyalists who settled north of the border never numbered more than a few tens of thousands; the number of Canadians, and immigrants to Canada, who moved southward was an order of magnitude larger.
For the first half-century of Confederation, Canada endured "migratory losses – more people left Canada than entered the country," Statscan said. As our southern neighbour built a powerful economy on the ambitions of entrepreneurial newcomers, we missed the chance, settling for wood-hewing and water-drawing.
It was only in the early 20th century, under Wilfrid Laurier's leadership, that Canada learned to attract and keep people – by spending serious money on agencies and campaigns abroad, and giving people land and cash to come. No period has come close to the Laurier decade for keeping immigrants.
We soon fell back to our exclusionary patterns. With the exception of the 1910s and the 1950s, immigration in the 20th century contributed little to Canada's population growth: In many decades people didn't want to come; in others, people arriving barely outnumbered those departing. We spent much of that century turning away refugees and warning each other about the civilizational threats posed by southern and eastern Europeans and Asians. Only after 1999 did immigration, for the first time, overtake childbirth as the main source of population growth.
Still, we spend more money keeping newcomers out, and throwing obstacles in the way of their settlement and citizenship, than we do welcome them. The mean-spirited politics of the past decade, the policies denying health care to asylum seekers and the cruel temporary-worker rules and family-reunification restrictions are well known overseas, and the best-qualified people would rather go elsewhere. We think we're a hot date, but we really need to upgrade our Tinder profile.
Even in Britain, Canada has become a turnoff: We are currently the fourth-most-popular country for British emigration, far behind Australia (which receives twice as many people), the United States and Spain. In fact, it's a net loss: During the past decade, an average of 5,200 British emigrants came here each year, while 8,500 moved the other way. Worse, the British Post Office surveyed British emigrants, and the happiest were those in France, Spain, the United States, Australia and Thailand – Canada didn't make the list.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
We should heed the lesson we learned a few years ago in Ireland: After the country's economy collapsed in 2008, Ottawa hoped for a migration boom of skilled workers. But only about 1,000 a year came, and they complained about unfriendly conditions and unaffordable cities. Only after paying for a big advertising and outreach campaign did that rise to 5,000 – for a year, until things got better in Ireland.
Next time we have a months-long national debate about migrants, maybe it shouldn't be about them, but about us – why we still seem so cold and unwelcoming, even to those we want.
"Abdel Hamid Abaaoud has just been formally identified, after comparing fingerprints, as having been killed during the (police) raid," the prosecutor's statement said. "It was the body we had discovered in the building, riddled with bullets."
Two people were killed in the police raid, including a woman who blew themselves up, but French police did not say whether the other person was Abaaoud until today.
Police originally thought they were in Syria, but their investigations led them to a house in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis. Heavily armed officers stormed the building before dawn on Wednesday morning, triggering a massive firefight and multiple explosions.
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a 28-year-old Belgian militant, who had boasted of mounting attacks in Europe for the Islamic State (IS), has been accused of orchestrating Friday's coordinated bombings and shootings in the French capital, which killed 129 people.
French police have killed the suspected mastermind behind last Friday's Paris terror attacks, the city's prosecutor said in a statement on Thursday.
Read more
French police have killed the suspected mastermind behind last Friday's Paris terror attacks, the city's prosecutor said in a statement on Thursday.
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a 28-year-old Belgian militant, who had boasted of mounting attacks in Europe for the Islamic State (IS), has been accused of orchestrating Friday's coordinated bombings and shootings in the French capital, which killed 129 people.
Police originally thought they were in Syria, but their investigations led them to a house in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis. Heavily armed officers stormed the building before dawn on Wednesday morning, triggering a massive firefight and multiple explosions.
Two people were killed in the police raid, including a woman who blew themselves up, but French police did not say whether the other person was Abaaoud until today.
"Abdel Hamid Abaaoud has just been formally identified, after comparing fingerprints, as having been killed during the (police) raid," the prosecutor's statement said. "It was the body we had discovered in the building, riddled with bullets."
— Peter Spiegel (@SpiegelPeter)19 Novembre 2015
Abaaoud was originally thought to be in Syria. Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said on Thursday that France had received no information from other European countries to signal that Abdelhamid Abaaoud had entered Europe until November 16, two days after 129 people were killed in the French capital,
"No information coming from European countries, where they could have transited before arriving in France, was given to us," Cazeneuve said.
"It was only on November 16, after the Paris attacks, that an intelligence service outside Europe signaled that they had been aware of their presence in Greece."
Abaaoud seemed to have been involved in four of six foiled attacks in France since the spring, Cazeneuve added.
Eight people were also arrested in the Saint-Denis raid operation. French police are still hunting for Saleh Abdeslam, another suspect believed to be behind last week's attacks.
Since 2014, Abaaoud has spent time fighting alongside IS in Syria, once appearing in a video driving a car transporting bodies to a mass grave, and was also involved in trying to recruit other Westerners, reported the Guardian. French media have said they recruited their 13-year-old brother.
Abaaoud is also suspected for planning several other foiled terror attacks in the past year, including the attempt to shoot passengers on an Amsterdam-Brussels train in August and a planned attack on a church in Paris in April.
Watch VICE News' Raid in Saint-Denis: France At War (Dispatch 3):
Follow VICE News on Twitter: @vicenews
Today on “The Jim Bakker Show,” televangelist Jim Bakker aired an interview they conducted with self-described prophet Cindy Jacobs at a pre-Inauguration Day prayer gathering in Washington, D.C., where Jacobs told the televangelist that Donald Trump's election represents “a new era.”
“We feel we've been rescued,” they said, adding that a “group of prophets” has concluded that “this is a breakthrough year and this is a year that the breaker is going before us.”
The “prophet” went on to say that God will use Trump to turn the tables on Satan and their schemes.
“We are going to see a reversal,” Jacobs said. “In fact, the word the Lord gave me is, ‘God is turning the tables,' which means when a champion comes in and there's a reversal of everything the enemy did, essentially in battle, the tables have been turned.”
The Massachusetts librarian who said they see "racist propaganda, caricatures and harmful stereotypes" in Dr. Seuss books looked pretty happy to be dressed as Cat in the Hat in 2015.
Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! K and 1 celebrated with a green egg breakfast! @Cport_School @cambridge_cpsd pic.twitter.com/9st5TmSmpi -- CPORT | Specialists (@Cport_Special) March 3, 2015
Twitter sleuths took little time finding Cambridge Public Schools Librarian Liz Phipps Soiero's feed and digging into old posts after they raised eyebrows this week with their public rejection of an honorary gift from the White House of 10 embossed Dr. Seuss books.
Several of the pictures uncovered and reposted by users show Soiero at the school in question -- Cambridgeport Elementary School in Cambridge -- wearing the character's signature red-and-white hat and matching stockings, cradling a Cat in the Hat doll.
By way of explanation, Soiero penned a widely panned open letter to First Lady Melania Trump, which they in part described Seuss's most famed creation as having roots in the days of "blackface minstrelsy," citing a few academic articles on the topic.
The letter was addressed to Trump because the First Lady had sent these book bundles to several dozen schools having "achieved high standards of excellence" to commemorate National Read a Book Day, Sept. 6.
"You may not be aware of this, but Dr. Seuss is a bit of a cliche, a tired and worn ambassador for children's literature," Soiero wrote in their letter, which first expressed gratitude, then criticized the First Lady's taste in children's literature and said the district neither needed nor planned to keep the books.
Melania Trump's communication team responded to Soiero on Thursday, expressing regret about their willingness to turn "the gesture of sending young school children books into something divisive."
Cambridgeport Elementary School was the lone pick among all schools in Massachusetts. One similarly acclaimed school in each of the 50 states received the same gift.
Soiero, an award-winning librarian, argued the books should have gone to "underfunded and underprivileged" schools instead, and went after Trump administration educational policy, saying these schools "continue to be marginalized and maligned by policies put in place by Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos."
The school district, for its part, released a critical statement saying, "The employee was not authorized to accept or reject donated books on behalf of the school or school district. We have counseled the employee on all relevant policies, including the policy against public resources being used for political purposes."
Theodor Seuss Geisel, otherwise known as Dr. Seuss, a Springfield native, used their work to decry fascism during World War II, during which time they also drew racially stereotyped anti-Japanese cartoons. They later expressed regret for these illustrations.
Seuss's most famous works often strike clear messages of anti-authoritarianism, anti-racism and anti-militarism, and embrace populism, individuality, democratic principles and the then-burgeoning environmental movement.
Perhaps looking for connections between the war cartoons and their later work, some have argued that the depiction of minority characters in some of their books are caricatured or otherwise flawed.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE holds a more than 2-to-1 advantage over the next closest GOP presidential contender in a new national poll.
According to the Monmouth University survey released on Wednesday, Trump leads the race with 36 percent support nationally. That's down from 41 percent in the same survey from December, which had marked the highest point he's reached so far.
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen.(R-Texas) is a distant second place, taking 17 percent support — a 3-point gain over December.The rest of the field is largely unchanged, with Sen.(R-Fla.) in third place at 11 percent support, followed by retired neurosurgeonat 8 percent and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 5 percent.No other candidate takes more than 3 percent support.“These results suggest that the GOP race is fairly static on a national level,” said Monmouth polling director Patrick Murray. “We'll have to wait and see if the Iowa and New Hampshire results shake things up.”Republicans view Trump as the strongest candidate to take on Hillary Clinton in the general election, with 37 percent saying they have the best shot at defeating the Democratic front-runner, versus 24 percent who said the same of Cruz. Thirty-one percent said the candidates would be equally strong against Clinton.Trump trounces Rubio on the question of who would do better against Clinton, with 47 percent saying the billionaire business person is a better general election candidate, versus only 22 percent who said that of Rubio. Only 25 percent said those two would be equally good candidates in a match-up against Clinton.
The poll did not ask about match-ups with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who has been gaining on Clinton nationally. They remain behind them by more than 11 points, as well as in Iowa, and has been widening their lead in New Hampshire.
“Contrary to many party leaders' hopes, the electability argument is not going to drag down Trump,” said Murray.
A full 65 percent of Republicans said they believe Cruz, who was born in Canada, is a “natural born citizen” and eligible to serve as president.
Still, 12 percent said he's not and 24 percent said they're unsure, meaning that more than one-third of GOP primary voters harbor some doubts.
Cruz was born to an American mother and Cuban father. Many scholars and legal experts believe that qualifies them to be president under the Constitution's “natural born citizen” clause.
Trump has sought to make an issue out of Cruz's Canadian birthplace, but at the last GOP debate Cruz sought to turn the tables by pointing out that Trump's mother was born in Scotland.
According to the Monmouth survey, 91 percent of Republicans believe Trump is a natural born citizen.
The best news for a low-polling candidate in the survey belongs to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Christie only takes 3 percent support, but he's managed to turn a negative favorability rating into a positive one. Forty-two of Republicans now view Christie favorably, compared to 33 percent who have a negative view of him.
Bush once again logged the worst favorability rating in the field, at 32 percent positive and 47 percent negative.
The Monmouth University survey of 385 registered Republican voters was conducted between Jan. 15 and Jan. 18 and has a 5-percentage-point margin of error.
Diocese of Chicago & Mid America
Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia
Statement from the Diocesan Chancery on the Contemporary Question of Homosexual Marriage to the Clergy and Flock of the Diocese
March 16/29, 2013
Martyrs Sabinus and Papas
The Supreme Court of the United States is presently considering two cases which deal with the question of homosexual marriage. Given the ubiquitous coverage the news media is providing on this issue it is important that our clergymen and parishioners fully understand the position of the Church in this regard.
Living in a free society as we do, we should first be thankful that we have the opportunity to practice our Orthodox Faith without inordinate interference from the government. In recent history this was not the case in Russia, and is still not the case in many countries throughout the world. In a free society all views can be shared in the public arena – both views we agree with as Orthodox Christians and those we disagree with. We call upon our flock to be guided first and foremost by the Holy Tradition of the Church in discerning whether any contemporary question is something that is compatible to the Orthodox faith. If an Orthodox Christian chooses to engage in public political discourse this should be done with moderation and with a firm intention and watchfulness not to fall into extremism. Extremism is not conducive to softening hearts or bringing others to the faith. Laymen who choose to engage in political speech should not state that they speak on behalf of the Church. Strictly speaking such an authoritative statement can be made only by a bishop or with a bishop's specific blessing.
It should also be made clear that living a homosexual or any other sinful lifestyle is not compatible with Christianity and this has always been the teaching of the Church. That being stated, it is also crucial to state that the Church is a Spiritual Hospital and all those wishing to receive the healing freely offered by God through their repentance and God's Grace are fully welcome. This includes those who have participated in immoral or unnatural acts of any kind as well as those who are tempted by such sins. The Church is empathetic to those who suffer in such a way and offers them support, healing, and Christian love. Those actively engaging in any immoral or unnatural pursuits cannot live a full sacramental life within the Church. However, this does not mean that we seek to drive away or ostracize those who have transgressed in such a way. Rather, we must make all efforts to draw those in such an unfortunate situation back to chastity and the opportunity to again partake in the Life Giving Mysteries of the Church and to engage the struggle for their salvation within the parish community.
It is entirely possible that the decision will eventually be made to recognize homosexual marriage by the federal government. Several states have already made such decisions. Under no circumstances will the Church recognize homosexual marriage, accord it the status of traditional marriage, or bless such unions. However, this is not to state that those who have entered into such a union have stepped beyond a line from which they cannot return. The Church has always strongly condemned heresies (such as Novatianism, Montanism, and Donatism) which deny the possibility of repentance for those having committed certain sins. It is crucial that our clergymen not shy away from the position of the Church as regards the sinfulness of homosexuality and other unnatural expressions of the God-given gift of human sexuality – but it is also crucial that such statements be made with love and with a corresponding invitation to repentance and reconciliation with the Church.
We call upon all to pray for our land – that the Lord will forgive us our collective societal sins as well as our personal sins and provide us a safe haven which allows us to work out our salvation in peace.
Fictional creature from Lewis Carroll's Through the Looking-Glass
A bandersnatch is a fictional creature in Lewis Carroll's 1872 novel Through the Looking-Glass and their 1874 poem The Hunting of the Snark. Although neither work describes the appearance of a bandersnatch in great detail, in The Hunting of the Snark, it has a long neck and snapping jaws, and both works describe it as ferocious and extraordinarily fast. Through the Looking-Glass implies that bandersnatches may be found in the world behind the looking-glass,[1] and in The Hunting of the Snark, a bandersnatch is found by a party of adventurers after crossing an ocean.[2] Bandersnatches have appeared in various adaptations of Carroll's works; they have also been used in other authors' works and in other forms of media.
Description [ edit ]
Carroll's first mention of a Bandersnatch, in the poem "Jabberwocky" (which appears in Through the Looking-Glass), is very brief: the narrator of the poem admonishes their son to "shun / The frumious Bandersnatch", the name describing the creature's fuming and furious character.[3] Later in the novel, the White King says of their wife (the White Queen): "She runs so fearfully quick. You might as well try to catch a Bandersnatch!"[1]
In "The Hunting of the Snark," while the party searches for the Snark, the Banker runs ahead and encounters a Bandersnatch:
And the Banker, inspired with a courage so new
It was matter for general remark,
Rushed madly ahead and was lost to their view
In their zeal to discover the Snark.
But while they were seeking with thimbles and care,
A Bandersnatch swiftly drew nigh
And grabbed at the Banker, who shrieked in despair,
For they knew it was useless to fly.
They offered large discount — they offered a cheque
(Drawn "to bearer") for seven-pounds-ten:
But the Bandersnatch merely extended its neck
And grabbed at the Banker again.
Without rest or pause — while those frumious jaws
Went savagely snapping around —
They skipped and they hopped, and they floundered and flopped,
Till fainting they fell to the ground.
The Bandersnatch fled as the others appeared
Led on by that fear-stricken yell:
And the Bellman remarked "It is just as I feared!"
And solemnly tolled on their bell.
In other media [ edit ]
A New Alice in the Old Wonderland The Bandersnatch from Anna Matlack Richards'
Literature [ edit ]
Television and film [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
San Francisco psychedelic rock band Frumious Bandersnatch named themselves after Caroll's work.
Seattle rock band Forgive Durden released a single entitled "Beware the Jubjub Bird and Shun the frumious Bandersnatch!" (2006) from the album Wonderland. [11]
An all-male a cappella group at Skidmore College named themselves the Bandersnatchers ("Banders" for short)
Comics [ edit ]
In the 2010 graphic novel Calamity Jack , sequel to Rapunzel's Revenge (published in 2006), the giant Blunderboar has a pet Bandersnatch named Lewis, presumably after Lewis Carroll. This Bandersnatch appears as a giant toadlike being with a massive mouth, two small mouths in place of eyes, a long froglike tongue, and the ability to spit acid. It was killed when the Jabblewocky [ sic ] bit it. [12]
, sequel to (published in 2006), the giant Blunderboar has a pet Bandersnatch named Lewis, presumably after Lewis Carroll. This Bandersnatch appears as a giant toadlike being with a massive mouth, two small mouths in place of eyes, a long froglike tongue, and the ability to spit acid. It was killed when the Jabblewocky [ ] bit it. In the visual novel Sekien no Inganock - What a Beautiful People , Bandersnatch appears as a fantastic Creature that manifests itself inside the "engine space" within the City's computer network and preys upon hackers who access the virtual reality.
, Bandersnatch appears as a fantastic Creature that manifests itself inside the "engine space" within the City's computer network and preys upon hackers who access the virtual reality. In Ursula Vernon's webcomic Digger , a bandersnatch appears as a two-headed, sentient, exiled draft animal. [13]
, a bandersnatch appears as a two-headed, sentient, exiled draft animal. In the online comic Skin Deep, the Bandersnatch is shown to be a harmless creature.[14]
Games [ edit ]
Bandersnatch , a 1984 vaporware game project by Imagine Software that led to the 1986 game Brataccas.
, a 1984 vaporware game project by Imagine Software that led to the 1986 game Brataccas. Bandersnatch , a name used many times in the Final Fantasy video game series (1987–present). The name is given to various enemies in many installments of the game in both the Japanese and English-language versions. In most of the games, it is a common enemy that does not create much difficulty for the player, and it usually has qualities of wolves or lions in appearance. In Final Fantasy IX , however, the Bandersnatch is a slightly stronger enemy with a strange appearance that seems to be a large, demonic poodle with an expansive toothy grin. It is summoned by the antagonists during an important story scene in the game. The Bandersnatch of Final Fantasy XV is a major enemy, an enormous bipedal reptile vaguely resembling a Tyrannosaurus, its body covered in brutal, jagged spines, and an unusual mouth with two massive vertical jaws and rows of man-sized fangs.
, a name used many times in the video game series (1987–present). The name is given to various enemies in many installments of the game in both the Japanese and English-language versions. In most of the games, it is a common enemy that does not create much difficulty for the player, and it usually has qualities of wolves or lions in appearance. In , however, the Bandersnatch is a slightly stronger enemy with a strange appearance that seems to be a large, demonic poodle with an expansive toothy grin. It is summoned by the antagonists during an important story scene in the game. The Bandersnatch of is a major enemy, an enormous bipedal reptile vaguely resembling a Tyrannosaurus, its body covered in brutal, jagged spines, and an unusual mouth with two massive vertical jaws and rows of man-sized fangs. In the massively multiplayer online role-playing games Mabinogi (2004) and LaTale (2006), the Bandersnatch makes an appearance. In Mabinogi , a Bandersnatch is an ice monster located in "Par Dungeon". A normal Bandersnatch can only be killed with one of the fire spells, or a giant's stomp ability, due to their high defense. The Giant Bandersnatch can be killed as a normal monster and is the boss of the dungeon. Both normal and Giant Bandersnatches move slowly and will not normally attack unless first hit is activated. In Latale , the Bandersnatch is a dog-like creature with strange markings and a massive jaw. It is an auto-aggressive monster that either lunges at the player or headbutts when its close to the player. It can be found in the first two rooms of the Treasure Vault Instance or King's Room.
(2004) and (2006), the Bandersnatch makes an appearance. In , a Bandersnatch is an ice monster located in "Par Dungeon". A normal Bandersnatch can only be killed with one of the fire spells, or a giant's stomp ability, due to their high defense. The Giant Bandersnatch can be killed as a normal monster and is the boss of the dungeon. Both normal and Giant Bandersnatches move slowly and will not normally attack unless first hit is activated. In , the Bandersnatch is a dog-like creature with strange markings and a massive jaw. It is an auto-aggressive monster that either lunges at the player or headbutts when its close to the player. It can be found in the first two rooms of the Treasure Vault Instance or King's Room. Bandersnatches are a powerful type of enemy in Kingdom Rush: Origins , appearing as a large, blue and purple monster with a spiny back and the ability to roll into a ball and move extraordinarily quickly.
, appearing as a large, blue and purple monster with a spiny back and the ability to roll into a ball and move extraordinarily quickly. In the Shadowrun universe, bandersnatches are humanoid creatures whose bodies can refract light. They can blend in almost perfectly with their surroundings, making them difficult to see, even with the use of thermal detectors, since the radiation of their body heat is also masked. They can usually be found in the Salish-Sidhe wilderness, sometimes in abandoned buildings, and tend to attack in small groups.
universe, bandersnatches are humanoid creatures whose bodies can refract light. They can blend in almost perfectly with their surroundings, making them difficult to see, even with the use of thermal detectors, since the radiation of their body heat is also masked. They can usually be found in the Salish-Sidhe wilderness, sometimes in abandoned buildings, and tend to attack in small groups. Bandersnatch is the name of an enemy in Resident Evil – Code: Veronica . It shares nothing in common with the source material other than an extendable arm, giving it the 'long reach' of its namesake.
. It shares nothing in common with the source material other than an extendable arm, giving it the 'long reach' of its namesake. Frumious Bandersnatch is the name of a familiar in the browser-based multiplayer online role-playing game Kingdom of Loathing , obtained by buying a special monthly item in March 2009.
, obtained by buying a special monthly item in March 2009. In the Tera universe, Bandersnatch is a name given to the last boss in Wonderholme's dungeon.
Computer science [ edit ]
Bandersnatches are the subject of a difficult algorithm design project for an apparently NP-complete problem in the academic theoretical computer science book by M. R. Garey and D. S. Johnson, Computers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-Completeness.[15]
Physical Locations [ edit ]
In Ashland, OR there is a hiking trail above Lithia Park named Bandersnatch Trail.
Denison University in Granville, OH has a student-run cafe called The Bandersnatch.
Reports allege that a dozen ISIS members were killed and many more hospitalized after Syrian rebels poisoned their meals at the Fath El-Sahel camp.
Sources with the Syrian Free Army say that cooks at the camp planned the operation with members of the Syrian Free Army to poison the meals of ISIS members at the camp.
The cooks reportedly poisoned lunches that were to be served later on in the day and were able to flee to safety with their families after the lunches were prepared.
Nearly a dozen ISIS militants have allegedly died from being poisoned, and Pangea Today reports that at least 15 others have been taken to nearby field hospitals for treatment.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This latest report comes less than two weeks after another report claimed that four ISIS members in Iraq were poisoned by a local resident.
Sources: Pangea Today, Latest.com, Three Percenter Nation
undefined
Drivers have looked towards the sky and asked when we'll be getting flying cars for decades, but if we ever do figure out a way to make the family minivan fly, chances are you won't be behind the wheel — nobody will. Ford's executive chairperson said the vehicles would have to be autonomous because, essentially, people suck at driving on the ground, and may heaven help us if they ever take to the skies.
Bill Ford, who in addition to their official role at America's iconic automaker is also Henry Ford's great-grandson, was speaking at South by Southwest in Austin on Monday when someone asked if their namesake car company was investing in making flying cars. According to Business Insider, Ford shot the idea down — for now, at least.
“We're not, but it's not so crazy,” they said. “Although I would say they had better be autonomous. Most people can't drive two dimensions, let alone three.”
Ford said creating flying cars was very doable on a technical level, adding that he'd seen a successful test firsthand. The problem, though, is people.
“Think about today, planes, which you have to take off and land at the airport, which eliminates 99% of their usefulness,” they said. “You have to be a licensed pilot. Well, how many of those are there?”
To answer Ford's question, the FAA reports that there were 584,362 licensed pilots in the United States in 2016. For comparison, there were almost 220 million licensed drivers in the country in 2015. Now, imagine if millions of those people were suddenly in the clouds with an unknown amount of flight training.
Imagine this, but with more death and destruction.
Handing over control to an autonomous car is scary, but when perfected, A.I. that eliminates human error will in most cases make driving safer. Self-flying cars would almost certainly be less risky than a bunch of randos careening through the air in their quadcopter death traps and, most likely, texting while piloting.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
Until autonomous technology gets to that point, though, Ford will keep things grounded.
“I wouldn't say never for us, but not in the short term for us,” Ford said.
Even then, flying cars might still be a bad idea. As Tesla CEO Elon Musk pointed out, “if somebody doesn't maintain their flying car, it could drop a hubcap and guillotine you.” That's still a possibility if there's an A.I. at the wheel instead of a person.
Social media users are accusing Tumblr of unsubscribing accounts from tags related to net neutrality. Many allege that Verizon, the social media site's parent company, is purposefully trying to stop users from seeing the content.
On Monday, Tumblr user polygonfighter posted a message that said the coverage of net neutrality disappeared from their dash “almost entirely over night.”
A user by the name eykonto replied that users were “automatically” being unsubscribed from the net neutrality tag, and were not receiving related content that would normally appear on their dashboard.
“It happens to me every time I try to follow it,” eykonto wrote. “I'll follow the tag, come back 20 minutes later & I'll for some reason have unfollowed the tag automatically. I think this may be happening to a majority of people in an attempt to silence the resistance.”
If you're not freaked out about Net Neutrality, you should be. Verizon owns Tumblr, & is suppressing #NetNeutrality. because they think they have a right to control what we see.
This is how deep the suppression ALREADY goes: https://t.co/MOxMnZdTSopic.twitter.com/e3yEIm4zST — Jean Johnson (@JeanJAuthor) November 27, 2017
The original poster then added that they could confirm that Tumblr unsubscribed users from the tags within 20 minutes of following them.
A user by the name bristlee1 then accused Tumblr of “actively trying to silence” any content related to the upcoming vote to repeal net neutrality rules because their parent company Verizon wants to repeal the regulations.
“They have spent literally millions to bring it down so that they can charge you more, slow down your internet and block you from sites they do not deem appropriate,” bristlee1 posted.
Verizon owns Tumblr. Tumblr users who follow the net neutrality hashtag are saying Tumblr is auto-unfollowing for them after 20 mins.
Just another reminder of what we're up against
They are already as un-neutral as they can get away with and will get worse if N.N. falls — Alias Pending (@ElectionPills) November 27, 2017
Users on Imgur and Twitter also said that they were unsubscribed from the tag on Tumblr Monday, with many users accusing Verizon of being behind the glitch.
Just so you guys know. @tumblr has been actively trying to silence people that post or follow anything related to the #NetNeutrality tags on their website. If you follow related blogs/tags you will automatically unfollow them after a half-hour. — Sodacoma (@TheSodacoma) November 27, 2017
re LRT - my own use of tumblr is a bit haphazard and sporadic, but yeah: Verizon is trying to hide the net neutrality tag over there.
Imagine if they didn't even have to .pretend. to follow the .current. regulations — m. blind (@m_dot_blind) November 27, 2017
This is really happening, Tumblr is automatically dropping the #NetNeutrality tag after 20 minutes, censoring protests on the site. Verizon now owns Tumblr. If you have a tumblr, find ways around this, spread the word to save #NetNeutralityhttps://t.co/d7AJmpn6dY — curiousofmind (@curiousofmind) November 27, 2017
However, when RT America set up two accounts on Monday that followed several net neutrality tags on the social media site, neither of the users were kicked off following the tags.
RT America reached out to Tumblr by email and is awaiting a response.
Read more
Last week, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai announced their plan to repeal a 2015 regulation designed to ensure internet service providers treat all online content and apps equally. FCC Commissioners will vote on the plan on December 14.
When net neutrality regulations were established under former President Barack Obama, the FCC was given the authority to regulate Internet service providers (ISPs) such as AT&T, Comcast and Verizon, as “common carriers,” subjecting them to the same rigorous government oversight as public utilities.
The FCC has prohibited ISPs from speeding up, slowing down or blocking any legal content, applications, services, or websites. ISPs were also banned from giving or selling access to “fast lanes” where traffic could be prioritized.
On Monday, Tumblr was one of hundreds of businesses that sent a letter to Pai, calling on the FCC to “maintain the current net neutrality rules and Title II classification of broadband internet.”
“The current rules provide the protections necessary to protect net neutrality and ensure the internet remains a free and open marketplace that encourages innovation and supports robust competition,” the letter reads.
However, the last time Tumblr's staff blog posted about net neutrality was in June 2016, just before Verizon announced it had finalized the acquisition of Yahoo's core business for $4.8 billion.
How the FCC's reversal of net neutrality may affect you https://t.co/RlWjCEeia1 — RT America (@RT_America) November 22, 2017
After Verizon took over, one employee told The Verge that while the organization was still fighting for net neutrality, the fight “stops at leadership.”
On Monday, Tumblr CEO David Karp, who created the blogging site more than 10 years ago, announced they were resigning. Although they did not cite the reason for their departure, Karp did say that they made the decision “at no cost to my hopefulness for Tumblr's future or the impact I know it can have.”
“The internet is at a crossroads of which this team can play a fundamental role in shaping,” Karp said.
The Kansas City Chiefs got some good news at Sunday's training camp practice. DL Chris Jones is off the PUP list and back on the practice field, according to reports from camp (Pete isn't up at camp today but will be Monday)
DL Chris Jones off the PUP list and on the field this morning in St. Joe. Travis Kelce also out there. pic.twitter.com/Gf8PhbqM7r — Matt Derrick (@mattderrick) August 13, 2017
This is great news. Jones had knee surgery in July and the Chiefs never really gave a timeline but I didn't get the sense they expected them to miss games. That he's practicing now with three-plus weeks until the opener in New England is encouraging.
The Chiefs recently signed DL Roy Miller which made some of us wonder if that was a sign that Jones would be out longer than expected. They indicated that was not the case.
The good news doesn't stop there. Travis Kelce being back out there is huge news. They had missed several days in a row last week after their knee flared up. The same knee they had surgery on a few years ago so I was a little worried this could be A Thing.
The Chiefs next game is on Saturday.
12 Monkeys debuted in January 2015 with a bold purpose: be part of the vanguard of the new/old Syfy. After several years of being conventionally known as “the Sharknado channel, Syfy had a new mission: bringing high-quality science fiction to television again. Alongside co-productions with Space (Canada) Dark Matter and Killjoys, and later releases The Expanse and The Magicians, Syfy went for a complete makeover in 2015. They showed that they could embrace the silly fun of things like Sharknado but also make science fiction that held thoughtful relevance to the issues of today, the way the best scifi does.
12 Monkeys led the way in that regard. Sure, it was technically adapting a film, but it also did things completely differently and new. From the start, the show found its own voice, from subtle character shifts to the really important part: an equal amount of time being given to interpersonal relationships and the central mystery. The central conceit is gloriously simple: to save the world, a man must travel back in time to stop a plague engineered by a mysterious group. That's it. That's your entire bullet point, elevator pitch.
From there, things get a little more complicated. Time is only linear to some, or to none, or… well, you'd have to watch to really get it. So why should you be watching? The science fiction is incredible: Everything the main characters do to time has consequences, and it does things right back to them. The plague is really only half the equation – it was never meant to destroy the world, or kill the population, it was just meant to force time travel into being – and that's where season two comes in, deepening the mysteries. Time gets bent, rewritten, damaged, and grows – yes, grows. Time has voices, and there are messengers and a witness trying to get rid of it altogether.
That evolution of time – both in the show and to those watching it, is brand-new storytelling. It takes relativity to a level I haven't seen in any other science fiction. In 12 Monkeys, time is less than a straight line, it actually bends around individuals. As they choose to change things or not, time adjusts, almost as if it's alive, and watching our heroes.
But about those heroes: There are times when you'll watch and do nothing but cheer for everyone involved… then there are also times when you'll watch one of these people you care about torture and kill someone. Equally, there are people who you'll hate and do nothing but cheer against… until suddenly you see their humanity and want them to figure out life and do better, be better. That's the real strength in the show: these characters, from the main focal points like time-travelers Cassie and Cole to the endlessly entertaining Jennifer Goins to the characters more on the periphery like Deacon or even Agent Gale, they're all painfully real. They have desires and hopes, and those change as the characters do. When they get new information, they might change the way they feel about something. When they see the stakes, they make decisions in that moment – and sometimes, they regret them. They talk things out, and sometimes minds are changed, sometimes they aren't. Even with all their knowledge of the future and time and the way things can (or will) be, these characters are allowed to live, to grow, to love, to hate, to be passionate and thoughtful. With all the attention paid to the science fiction, to figuring out the way time has to work, and juggling timelines and travelers and messengers, it's truly amazing that Terry Matalas and their writers can also make characters that live and breathe the way the ones on 12 Monkeys do. It's startlingly infrequent in TV, even moreso in genre, and it's part of what makes this show so special.
Earn 20,000 Membership Rewards® points after you spend $5,000 in qualifying purchases on the Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership. To be eligible to earn additional points, you must charge $5,000 of qualifying purchases* during the first 3 months of membership on an eligible Blue BusinessSM Plus Card from American Express OPEN. Qualifying purchases can be made by the Basic Card Member and any Additional Card Members on a single Card Account. Limit one offer per Card Account. Offer may not be combined with any other special offer. You can earn 20,000 Membership Rewards points after you spend $5,000 or more in qualifying purchases on your Card within your first 3 months of Card Membership starting from the date your account is approved. In rare instances, your period to spend $5,000 may be shorter than 3 months if there is a delay in receiving your Card. Also, purchases may fall outside of the 3 month period in some cases, such as a delay in merchants submitting transactions to us or if the purchase date differs from the date you made the transaction. (For example, if you buy goods online, the purchase date may be the date the goods are shipped). The 20,000 additional points will be credited to your Membership Rewards account 8-12 weeks after you have met the purchase requirement. If we in our sole discretion determine that you have engaged in abuse, misuse, or gaming in connection with the welcome bonus offer in any way or that you intend to do so (for example, if you applied for one or more cards to obtain a welcome bonus offer(s) that we did not intend for you; if you cancel or downgrade your account within 12 months after acquiring it; or if you cancel or return purchases you made to meet the Threshold Amount), we may not credit 20,000 points to, we may freeze 20,000 points credited to, or we may take away 20,000 points from your account. We may also cancel this Card account and other Card accounts you may have with us. For questions regarding your Card account, please call the number on the back of your Card. If your application is not received by 12/31/2017, we will not process your application even if we later receive your application. American Express reserves the right to modify or revoke offer at any time. *Qualifying purchases are purchases for goods and services. Qualifying purchases do NOT include fees or interest charges, balance transfers, purchases of traveler's checks, purchases or reloading of prepaid card purchases of gift cards; person-to-person payments or purchases of other cash equivalents. Additional terms and restrictions apply. Terms and Conditions for the Membership Rewards® program apply. Visit membershiprewards.com/terms for more information. Participating partners and available rewards are subject to change without notice. The value of Membership Rewards® points varies according to how you choose to use them. To learn more, go to www.membershiprewards.com/pointsinfo.
NOTE: As with all rumour articles we suggest you do not take this information as fact until it is proven true. We are merely reporting information.
Recently a conference focused on motion graphics was held, where a presentation was given showcasing their latest project. The project itself appears to be an opening for a video intended for use at the E3 expo next month. While it isn't clear when or what the video will run for (pre-conference, post-conference etc), it seemingly holds what could be considered interesting information.
The video itself has title slides featuring tidbits of information: world premier announcements from Nintendo, special hosts and perhaps of most interest, special appearances. As of yet it is unconfirmed as to whether these slides contain placeholder names or not, however it is worth noting that among these names the creator of Pokémon and founder of Game Freak, Satoshi Tajiri appears, suggesting they will be attending E3 this year.
Usually, Pokémon doesn't have a huge presence at E3. 2013 saw a slight change to this, with X & Y receiving a new trailer revealing new Pokémon and features. In 2014 Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire also received new trailers. Never has a new ‘main series' Pokémon title been announced at E3 and we don't expect this to change. What is interesting, however, is that before E3 on May 21st there is said to be a Pokémon announcement in the latest issue of Famitsu DS+Wii. While this could be something trivial, it's worth noting that Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire were revealed in May last year, so a huge announcement could be just around the corner.
Also of interest is that next year marks the 20th anniversary of the Pokémon franchise, so who knows what's in store for us!
As noted the presence of Pokémon at E3 is always a little underwhelming and to see that Tajiri could attend the expo this year could mean that were in for some huge surprises, assuming these leaked video slides hold any truth in them, that is!
Source: NeoGAF
DON'T FORGET: Register for out Super Smash Bros. Tournament! Sign up here.
Police are investigating after a child was shot Thursday evening in north Stockton. The 11-year-old boy suffered life-threatening injuries. They were taken to UC Davis Children's Hospital and is listed in critical condition, Stockton police said. The boy's parents are at the hospital with him. The shooting happened around 5 p.m. in the 8800 block of Ledgewood Avenue. When officers arrived at the scene, they found the boy in the yard and a handgun underneath their body. “All I see was this guy over here, and they were jumping like crazy. They said an 11-year-old boy was shot in the head," said Lexis Cuellar, who lives on the street. Police are investigating who the gun belongs to and working to determine if the boy shot himself. Officers are also questioning the boy's older brother. “It's just shocking because I live next door," Jessica Romero said. "I didn't know the kid, but I just think they were innocent." "It's sad. I mean I feel bad for the family to go through this,” neighbor Erniesto Garcia said. No other details about the shooting were available.
Police are investigating after a child was shot Thursday evening in north Stockton.
The 11-year-old boy suffered life-threatening injuries. They were taken to UC Davis Children's Hospital and is listed in critical condition, Stockton police said. The boy's parents are at the hospital with him.
Advertisement
The shooting happened around 5 p.m. in the 8800 block of Ledgewood Avenue. When officers arrived at the scene, they found the boy in the yard and a handgun underneath their body.
“All I see was this guy over here, and they were jumping like crazy. They said an 11-year-old boy was shot in the head," said Lexis Cuellar, who lives on the street.
Police are investigating who the gun belongs to and working to determine if the boy shot himself.
Officers are also questioning the boy's older brother.
“It's just shocking because I live next door," Jessica Romero said. "I didn't know the kid, but I just think they were innocent."
"It's sad. I mean I feel bad for the family to go through this,” neighbor Erniesto Garcia said.
No other details about the shooting were available.
Melinda Meza/KCRA Stockton police investigate the shooting of a boy in the 8800 block of Ledgewood Avenue on Thursday, Oct. 20, 2016.
AlertMe
Dawkins at the University of Texas at Austin. (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
Some events are said to define generations. Everybody of certain age at the time remembers them vividly and reports that things were never quite the same afterwards. The assassination of, the Challenger disaster, theverdict, the suicide of, and 9/11 are just a few examples. There are plenty of others that may resonate with you depending on your age and where you live.It also makes sense that different events would impact subgroups of people in different ways. For example, the assassination of. or, while having an undeniably broad impact in the U.S., are likely to have been particularly important to those involved in the Civil Rights movement at the time. The Stonewall riots, while also influential on American society as a whole, were likely to be especially important for those involved in the LGBT movement at the time. Some events of this nature even seem to end up defining mass movements. July 2, 2011, is a day that will long be remembered by those of us in the atheist community as one formative occasion. Why? This was the date on which a prominent evolutionary biologist by the name ofdestroyed the atheist movement by leaving a comment on' blog. Wait. What?Yes, this appears to be the samewho brought us Atheism+ and who was described by many as having been chased off the Internet by their critics for doing so. It appears that they are still using their Twitter account, and I have been told that they continue to write a blog.The AMA they mention in this tweet refers to an "ask me anything" Dawkins did on Reddit a few days ago. It appears to have been fairly popular, although I don't know enough about how these Reddit AMA things work to have an accurate point of comparison.It seems clear that most of those involved with the atheist movement are unaware that their movement died in July of 2011. The available data do not show their activity coming to an abrupt halt or even declining, and I am reasonably confident that American Atheists is still going strong and did not disband in 2011.I picture a group of atheists 10 years in the future looking back on July 2, 2011. I wonder if the date will be marked with some sort of somber remembrance as the day the atheist movement died. What might that look like? Will they all remember what they were doing on that infamous and life-altering date? I'd guess not.
By Montreal Simon
OK. So I was wrong.
When Christy Clark became the latest Con stooge to denounce Thomas Mulcair, for simply pointing out that the Dutch Disease is killing our manufacturing sector, I said it could only mean one thing.
Big Oil and its Con puppets were scraping the bottom of the barrel.
But I forgot I was living in the sinister petro state of Harperland.
Where the bottom of the dirty oil barrel goes all the way to China.
And I forgot about the Con Senate, and particularly Pamela Wailin' . . .
“This is a cheap political ploy to pit eastern citizens against those in the West. Will Mulcair next attack the lentil business, the wheat and grain producers who have long fed the world — or perhaps the potash industry that allows the poor to bolster their depleted farmland in overpopulated areas? “It's time for Mulcair to act like a Canadian.”
And that like the Con turkey Mike Duffy, Wallin is capable of saying ANYTHING.
I mean can you believe that? As if Big Lentil is as dangerous as Big Oil. As if Mulcair wasn't right. As if telling the truth was a crime.
These diatribes against anyone who even acknowledges potential downsides or side effects of the bitumen boom seem to herald a new, dangerous tendency in Canada's political culture. Opposing a bitumen-exporting pipeline in Canada these days makes you a foreign-financed subversive. And it seems that questioning the economic effects of the bitumen export strategy makes you equally seditious. I call this “energy McCarthyism,” and it should be rejected forcefully not just by those concerned with Canada's de-industrialization and staples dependency, but by those worried about the quality of our democracy.
As if those Cons weren't selling us out to foreign interests. As if Albertans haven't been screaming at those damn Easterners for 40 years over the National Energy Program. Which did to Alberta what Harper's oil pimp policies are doing to the rest of Canada.
Which explains why the Cons and the other Big Oil stooges are attacking Mulcair like piranhas. They know a killer issue when they see one. But why is Stephane Dion joining in the feeding frenzy?
Stéphane Dion, the former Liberal leader, says they turned down a proposal from advisors to accuse Prime Minister Stephen Harper of favouring Alberta and the oil sands industry during the 2008 election campaign because they feared it would harm national unity. They said Mr. Mulcair is effectively “giving up” on much of Western Canada and, if they form a government in 2015, risks having little or no representation from provinces like Alberta and Saskatchewan in their Cabinet.
Oh boy. When will they ever learn…
What Thomas Mulcair understands so well. They don't have to win any seats in Alberta or Saskatchewan. All they have to do is win most of the seats in Ontario, British Columbia, and Quebec, and they will BURY the Cons in the Tar Sands.
Which is one of the reasons he's looking like a winner, and thanks to people like Stephane Dion, the Liberals are going nowhere.
Liberal support in Canada is steadily slipping as the New Democrats and Tories continue to battle for the top spot, the results of an exclusive poll for Global News indicate. While the Grits may say that their troubles lie in finding the right candidate to lead the party, Ipsos Reid's Darrell Bricker suggests the party may be losing a distinct voice in the political arena. “The problem they've got is that they're having a hard time finding their place in a debate about economic issues,” Bricker told Global News.
Yup. Mulcair is ruthless, the kind of leader these times demand.
They have found a mighty issue, the truth is on their side. That's why the Cons are running scared.
For 40 years Alberta used regional alienation like a blunt weapon.
Now it's our turn . . .
A Texas Democrat called for President Donald Trump's resignation Thursday following their remarks on an MSNBC TV host. The president's tweets targeting "Morning Joe's" co-anchor Mika Brzezinski, according to Texas' Democrat representative Sheila Jackson-Lee, crossed the line of acceptable behavior and made them unfit for office, the Hill reported.
Read: Twitter Reacts To Mika Brzezinski's 'Face-Lift' After Trump's 'Bloody' Comments
"I would argue that our responsibility is not to him, but to the American people. And they should resign," they said, recalling several instances during Trump's presidential campaign where the 71-year-old Republican targeted women over their physical appearance including the then-Fox News host Megyn Kelly as well as their Republican presidential rival at the time, Carly Fiorina.
Jackson-Lee took to Twitter to express their discontent over Trump's actions and posted a video on their account, slamming the president for their tweets.
"There's a sense of hurt feelings," they said in the video. "Mr. President, bleeding from the face? You're again attacking women, professional women? You're calling someone a psycho with all of the individuals fighting for their lives, suffering from mental health needs? You're attacking a woman, a professional woman, about them IQ?".
"I've gone through, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, impeachments. But we can't wait that long. It is time for you to resign," they said. "Enough is enough. I love America. I love these people, and we need a commander in chief," they go on to say.
During their presidential campaigning days, Trump often mocked people for their appearance, especially women. “Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?” Trump said of Fiorina in 2015.
Trump received a huge backlash for their comments Thursday about Brzezinski. The president described snubbing the co-host during a New Year's Eve party at their Mar-a-Lago Hotel and alleged they were "bleeding badly from a facelift."
Brzezinski, however, replied to Trump, mocking them with a reference to their “little hands.” They tweeted a photograph of a young girl pointing towards a packet of Cheerios which had “Made for little hands” written on it.
While many criticized the president for their remarks, their wife Melania Trump stood by him. In response to Trump's tweets about Brzezinski, Melania's spokesperson Stephanie Grisham said the president will "punch back 10 times harder" when attacked. “As the first lady has stated publicly in the past when their husband gets attacked, they will punch back 10 times harder,” Grisham said in a statement to CNN.
Soon after Trump's tweet on Brzezinski went viral, many criticized the president. The hash tag “StandWithMika” soon began trending all over the micro-blogging website. Members of the media, particularly women hosts and journalists, also protested against their insults.
Mika Brzezinski's father was the late Zbigniew Brzezinski, a senior aide to former President Lyndon B. Johnson and national security advisor to former President Jimmy Carter.
Williams riding in Marin County, California, in 2010. Tony Avelar/AP Images Robin Williams loved cycling. They rode all the time. They traveled to see the Tour de France in person. When asked how many bikes they had they said "too many to count," according to CNN.
A few weeks before Williams' death on Aug. 11, they donated a beloved custom-made bike to help raise money for charity. It went for $20,000 on Saturday night, and the funds will go to a San Francisco Bay Area education charity called 10,000 Degrees, PageSix reports.
This is the bike:
Williams' custom bike was auctioned off for $20,000.00 at the Hotbed Benefit hosted by the Drever Family Foundation on Aug. 23, 2014, in Tiburon, California. Steve Jennings/Getty Images As The Hollywood Reporter's Soo Youn wrote, "Williams made their passion clear in a 2013 Reddit AMA: 'My favorite thing to do is ride a bicycle. I ride road bikes. And for me, it's mobile meditation.'" They told a friend at their local bike shop that cycling saved their lives.
Williams' collection was said to have 100 bikes, but they donated many of them.
The bike auctioned off Saturday was made by cult builder Dario Pegoretti, who's something of a god in world of custom bicycles.
When Williams met the fashionable Italian for the first time Pegoretti was suffering from lymphoma, The Wall Street Journal's Jason Gay reported. Pegoretti said Williams gave them strength and left them with "beautiful memories."
In the video below, Pegoretti demonstrates their frame-painting technique. You can see why anyone would love to ride a Pegoretti.
In a 2013 "Daily Show" episode, Jon Stewart told Williams they looked amazing, and Williams replied: "I've just been riding my bike. It's been pretty sweet."
"The Daily Show With Jon Stewart" The world will remember Williams as a great comedian and actor. Cyclists will also remember them as one of their own.
Williams told The Journal that cycling was the closest you could get to flying.
Watch this moving clip from ABC:
Watch more news videos | Latest from the US
6 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The saga of the on again, off again, on again, Trump meeting with The New York Times took a compelling turn as the Times reported that Trump initially canceled the meeting after their Chief of Staff Reince Priebus lied to them because they feared that Trump was in way over their head.
The New York Times reported, “Three people with knowledge of Mr. Trump's initial decision to cancel the meeting said that Reince Priebus, the incoming White House chief of staff, had been among those urging the president-elect to cancel it, because they would face questions they might not be prepared to answer. It was Mr. Priebus who relayed to Mr. Trump, erroneously, that The Times had changed the conditions of the meeting, believing it would result in a cancellation, these people said. A spokesperson for Mr. Trump declined to comment on Mr. Priebus's role.”
Trump's own staff doesn't believe that the man who has been elected to serve as the next President Of The United States is knowledgeable enough about the issues to answer questions from journalists. Their lack of faith in Trump explains why the President-elect has yet to hold a press conference, and why the incoming administration is insisting that all sessions with Trump be off the record.
The Times deserves praise because unlike the television networks they did not agree to Mr. Trump's demands of off the record only sessions. The New York Times held firm, and Trump caved.
If the mainstream media does not push back against Trump, they are going to get steamrolled into becoming state-run media for their administration.
What should be alarming to every American is that the man who will be the next president is so unprepared that they can't do on the record interviews. Trump is looking more and more like a clueless figurehead of a president who is being manipulated by those beneath him.
The fact that Trump can't handle simple questions from reporters does not bode well for their prospects of leading the most powerful country in the world.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Konganti Rambabu had just gotten off the phone with their wife, promising that they would come home soon to discuss their daughter's marriage plans, when they climbed into a sewer and was choked by the poisonous fumes. They were a 48 year-old worker at a petrol pumping station. Asked to climb in and help a sanitation worker by their employers, they did. Now, he's just another statistic – except to their family.
The Employment of Manual Scavenging and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act was passed in 1993. Things should have ended then. In 2013, stating that “the dehumanising practice of manual scavenging, arising from the continuing existence of insanitary latrines and a highly iniquitous caste system, still persists in various parts of the country”, the Prohibition of Employment as Manual Scavengers and their Rehabilitation Act was promulgated. Four years later, manual scavenging is still killing people at a horrifying pace: 3 people died in Cuddalore on 20th March, 2 people (including Rambabu) in Vijaywada on the 16th and 3 people in Bangalore on the 6th.
Another incident was reported in Chitradurga in Karnataka on 10th March but thankfully there was no loss of life. Before that, there were 3 deaths in Bombay on Feb 16th. This barely scratches the surface. The Safai Karamchari Andolan (SKA) claims that more than 1200 people died from manual scavenging related activities between 2014 and 2016. Bezawada Wilson, winner of last year's Magsaysay Award and founder of the SKA, has been fighting this issue for decades.
As Apoorva Tripathi wrote in The Wire, “As per the 2011 Socio Economic and Caste Census, 1,82,505 households in rural areas reported as manual scavengers; of this, the south zone has 16,362 manual scavengers. Compare this with the same government-based survey done in 2015 as per the 2013 Act that called for a list to identify and rehabilitate manual scavengers: the number is shockingly low – 12,226 – lost in translation, perhaps?” This enumeration seems to suggest an understanding of manual scavenging as some rare tradition. That is far from the truth. Most city corporations do not provide sanitation employees with equipment, and force them to enter unprotected into noxious sewers to clean blocks with their hands. One study on Hyderabad by the Basthi Vikas Manch, as reported in The News Minute, “suggests that there are at least 10,000 people in the city even today, who lower themselves into raw sewage, as part of their profession”. They might climb into six or seven sewers in a day for a salary of Rs 6700 a month.
Apart from sewers, the ‘unsanitary' latrines that the act refers to still exist. These are dry latrines that aren't connected to large sewerage systems, which means that they have to be cleaned by individuals. In parliament, Social Justice and Empowerment Minister Thaanwar Chand Gehlot stated that there were 26 lakh dry latrines in the country. A UN Report claims that most of these are concentrated in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. Till these sewers and latrines are fixed or cleaned by machines, they will remain death traps. Those who don't die are afflicted with a number of skin diseases and tend to suffer from alcoholism, the product of years of swigging liquor to dull the senses. This aggravates a culture of domestic violence.
The primary reason for the continuation of the process is apathy on behalf of the public and the state. But instead of rectifying this, state governments seem to be going in the opposite direction. In Karnataka, the Social Welfare Minister proposed legalising manual scavenging ‘in an emergency'. In Tamil Nadu, attempts to raise awareness about the issue are being thwarted. Filmmaker-activist Divya Bharathi and their young team crowdfunded and released a documentary on the issue titled Kakkoos. Travelling with the movie around Tamil Nadu, they have had a number of screenings shut down by the police on the grounds of possibly leading to “law and order problems”. Screenings that have dodged the police have been violence-free which seems to suggest that the police are simply censoring an uncomfortable truth. To assume that a ban on paper would abolish a centuries old practice, deeply vested in caste discrimination, is naive. Without a strong will to educate our communities against this dehumanising practice, strict enforcement of criminal penalties and a genuine financial commitment to overcome the technological barriers, it is impossible to even make a dent in this travesty.
Starting with Ramky Enterprises, the contractor who won the 46 crore tender from the Bangalore sewage board, might be a good idea. The News Minute reported that agents of the company tried to enter the hospital and pay off the family. The New Indian Express also reported that the contractor was illegally subcontracting the whole sanitation project to a smaller outfit for a 10% commission. This smaller entity was the actual employer of the men who died. While compensation might be paid to the family, the prosecution record of manual scavenging cases is bleak despite harsh penalties being encoded in the 2013 Act.
“Stop Killing Us” is the simple demand of a new platform for sewerage workers launched by SKA. Will we listen?
Updates
Meanwhile in Manesar, hundreds of workers, ignoring the imposition of section 144 in the area, gathered to mark the anniversary of Bhagat Singh's death, as well as show solidarity in protest against the 31 Maruti workers convicted on March 18th.
Other News
About 10,000 Anganwadi workers in Karnataka gathered outside Bengaluru's Freedom Park on March 19th, demanding higher wages and regularization of work. In solidarity, 60,000 of the 63,000 anganwadis in the state have been closed. Some women have brought their children along with them, and have been sitting and sleeping on the road for the last several days.
Many states continue to delay payment of wages under MNREGS to the workers. An article in the Indian Express revealed that 57% workers in Maharashtra suffered delays in wage payments under MNREGS. This is still an improvement overstates like Tamil Nadu with over 80% being delayed, and U.P where only 22% got paid on time.
SEZs in Belagavi and Chennai witnessed protests by workers against different anti-labour actions of the companies. In Chennai, workers at a Hyundai factory went on a sit-in protest against the unilateral suspension of two workers for a strike they led in 2012. The suspension order has been placed in abeyance for a week in order to restore industrial peace. In Belagavi, 300 workers of Aequs SEZ took to the streets against the unlawful practices of the company in resisting the workers right to form union. The workers also alleged that the police have framed false charges against the workers in order to quell their protests.
BAXI, yet another commute aggregator that launched the first motorcycle taxi service, has entered the app-based cab market with the launch of their app. This comes at the heels of long strikes by Ola and Uber drivers across many cities in India. BAXI has promised to work with drivers' unions, fixing standard fares and taking no commission for the service.
Farmers from drought-hit Tamil Nadu took their protest to New Delhi this week. Carrying skulls of farmers who had committed suicide, they demanded that the Centre increase the drought relief for Tamil Nadu and also release the funds immediately. Groups of farmers also took to protest across Tamil Nadu with a string of demands including increasing drought relief, increasing mandated work days under NREGS, providing pulses and other essentials through PDS.
Municipal sanitation workers in Jammu, Chennai and Delhi were on protests this week. In Chennai and Jammu, the demands were for permanent jobs for the workers, who were fighting against retrenchment. In Delhi, the sanitation workers protested against the Delhi Chief Minister, demanding that CM Arvind Kejriwal take the initiative to discuss with the municipal authorities about settling their wages, pending due to the poor financial health of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation.
Read about evidence of slave trade in Tamil Nadu: “It is August (Tamil month of Avani) 17, 1448. At the corner where four streets meet in Velliyankunram village, a scribe etches on a palm leaf the servitude agreement that records that the brothers, belonging to an untouchable community (teentantori toti) from Mathur, are selling their seven children to Kanaka Ramaiah Gounder of Velliyankunram for 37 coins.”
The history of a bakers' union in Argentina that lives on in baked goods through names such as ‘invoice', ‘cannons', ‘vigilantes', and, well, ‘monk's balls': “Two years after its founding, the bakers' union went on strike in Buenos Aires for 10 days, demanding better conditions and higher wages. Workers clashed with the police and not only stood up for their rights, gaining a 30-percent wage increase, but cleverly manufactured a permanent political mark in their craft itself: the bakers decided to give blasphemous and anti-state names to bread goods that are still eaten daily across the nation.”
How bad are things in Belarus? Very bad. “About 2,000 Belarussians staged one of the country's largest protests in recent years on Friday to voice their opposition to a law that imposes a tax on those not in full-time employment. Popularly known as the “law against social parasites” it requires those who work less than 183 days per year to pay the government $250 in compensation for lost taxes.”
CNN Panel (Photo: Screen capture)
Monday morning's CNN panel seemed to give the president-elect a pass in their discussion about Donald Trump's latest comments about the Russian hacks.
Sunday, Trump claimed that they might have more information on Russia and the election hacks than the intelligence agencies. Trump has refused to take a daily intelligence briefing that would outline the facts about the Russian hacks but finally relented and agreed to do the briefing this week. They promised to reveal what information they have early this week. Trump's latest comments are reminiscent of past comments they made claiming that they know more about ISIS than the generals.
The CNN panel also noted that it was interesting Trump would claim they have more information. They wondered where Trump might be getting their own intelligence information.
“These conclusions aren't just coming from one agency but from some intelligence and law enforcement agencies in the country, and you would think if that information had been distributed to Trump they would have also been distributed to President Obama or others,” Abby Phillip of the Washington Post said. “But I put this in the category of things that Trump says where you have to basically just wait and see.”
They went on to say that Trump once said that they sent investigators to Hawaii to look into President Obama's birth certificate but that never happened.
“It's not uncommon for Trump to make comments like this that have no basis in fact so we should wait and see if on Tuesday or Wednesday they have something to say that we don't know,” Phillip continued.
Jackie Kucinich of the Daily Beast speculated that Trump could be talking about their own inside information from their own Russian allies.
“He does know I'm sure a lot of things that the rest of us don't know but maybe they mean from somebody with ties to Russia,” Kucinich said. “Maybe that's where they are getting some of their information.”
Trump's new spokesperson Sean Spicer blamed the media for what they indicated were unsubstantiated information about the Russian hacks. However, CNN host John Berman noted that it wasn't the media making these claims — it's senior senators on the Intelligence Committee.
“Yesterday you saw Tom Cotton talk about stronger sanctions toward Russia,” Kucinich agreed. “There was no doubt in anything they said that Russia was responsible, where you saw Sean Spicer say you had to wait and see.”
They noted Congress was going back into session and members are scheduled to hold hearings on the Russian hacking in which the intelligence community will be testifying.
“That's why the investigations that go on in Congress are going to be very interesting and important to watch,” Kucinich said. “That all the facts are out there and we can see the overwhelming evidence — hopefully, we can see the overwhelming evidence that made lawmakers make up their mind on this issue but you do have intelligence officials on the record saying this now so just how Donald Trump handles this after they get their briefing will be something that all of us will be watching.”
Check out the full discussion below:
A special program provided by the Netherlands Forensics Institute (NFI) and funded by the Ministry of Security and Justice will train forensic doctors to more efficiently recognize signs of child abuse, reports the government. Secretary for Security and Justice Klaas Dijkhoff officially launched the program on Wednesday morning in the town of Riel.
The over 100,000 instances of child abuse in the Netherlands each year compelled the Ministry of Security and Justice and the Ministry of Health to establish a task force on child abuse, says a statement on the government website. Better use of forensic medical expertise is a chief concern of the task force, which was established two and a half years ago.
In total, 50 doctors from the Netherlands will undergo the three-day training. Besides broadening their knowledge about physical and sexual abuse, the program aims to enhance regional cooperation.
“Children have a right to grow up in a safe environment. It thus important that physicians recognize both physical and mental signs of child abuse,” Dijkhoff is quoted as saying. “Early recognition allows us to intervene.”
Pedro Sr. was booked, too, with the perilous livery-car job that nobody in the family much liked. But it gave Pedro Sr. the flexibility to be able to go to their son's games, to be a hands-on father, and to drive their son to a baseball academy in Stamford, Conn., where they supplemented their training. The young Pedro would often ask their father if they could go out in the car with him, but the answer was always no, especially after what happened one night on West 131st St. The father had just picked up three young men on West 168th St. The men barely talked, and looked suspicious. The father's instincts told them that something wasn't right, and when one of the three pointed a gun at their head, they had all the validation they needed. Alvarez jumped out of the car and the hoodlums drove it away. "There were other incidents, but I didn't want the family to know because they would worry," Alvarez says.
Floyd Mayweather moved one step closer towards finishing their professional boxing career with an unbeaten record after clearly outpointing Saul “Canelo” Alvarez in what was the biggest boxing event of 2013 on Saturday night.
Prior to the fight, I believed Canelo's intelligence, size, power, patience, and explosiveness were destined to give Floyd their toughest outing since narrowly escaping with a “unanimous decision win” over Jose Luis Castillo back in 2002.
More than that, I did the unthinkable and picked Canelo to “shock the boxing world” and pull off an upset for the ages.
I was wrong.
Instead, it was more of the same for Floyd—and for all of us sitting watching at home or at ringside—as they routinely boxed their way to a majority decision victory in a fight devoid of any real action or drama. While Alvarez always carried the punch that could have potentially ended the fight at any given moment, they never really came close to breaking down Mayweather's nonporous defense at any stage during the night.
Although it was far from a career best performance (as some have rashly claimed), Mayweather did put forth a quite beautiful display of boxing that included many of the nuances that set them apart from every single one of their current peers at the moment.
Very briefly then, rather than simply regurgitate many of Mayweather's signature techniques and tendencies (i.e. rolling of the lead shoulder, fade counter etc.) that I previously discussed in part one of my two part pre-fight analysis, I shall instead be focusing on some of the more subtle features of Mayweather's game that quite often go unnoticed.
Today I shall be taking a look at Floyd Mayweather's understanding of range and their probing jab.
Often it is said that success in any endeavor depends upon being in the right place at the right time. This is especially true in boxing. Even if one knows thousands of techniques and can execute each one flawlessly, none will be of any use if they fail to reach the intended target.
When watching Mayweather in the ring, most seem to believe they are witnessing nothing but outrageous speed and reflexes, but the truth is that while Floyd has both of these in abundance, their dominance in the ring comes down to a mastery of what I believe to be—along with timing—the most important aspect of boxing: control of range.
Mayweather knows precisely how to position themselves so that their attacks have the greatest probability of landing on their opponent. More importantly, they also know how to position themselves so that their opponent's attacks have the least probability of landing on him.
Being able to manage distance in a fight doesn't necessarily mean one must always keep the opponent on the outside. While this is obviously true if one is looking to keep the opponent on the end of a jab all night long, controlling the range of a fight can also have an adverse meaning.
A lot of people tend to think of staying out of range as being the safest place to be inside a boxing ring. Obviously being out of range is a good defensive measure, but in doing so, one may inadvertently place one's self on the very end of the opponent's punch, where it does the most damage. For example, because speed and power need room to generate, I'd consider being on the inside with Thomas Hearns a far safer place to be in as opposed to loitering on the outside where the difference between being out of range and being on the end of a right cross is just one short step.
This is where Mayweather's appreciation of ring placement truly comes into its own.
Many criticized Canelo for employing a strategy that seemingly neglected their natural advantages in size and weight. However, for anyone who had seen them fight before, it was obvious that their best and most dangerous work was done at mid-range when throwing their imaginative combinations and when looking to land counters.
Instead of using their footwork to keep Canelo mobile and from getting set (which they did later on in the fight after Canelo began pressing the attack once they realized they aren't quick enough to try and counter Floyd in center ring), Mayweather spent the first part of the fight standing right in front of their man. From the opening bell, it was apparent that Mayweather's initial plan was to get off first and restrict Alvarez's ability to throw anything back in return. Slightly out of range, Mayweather would edge forward before connecting with either a jab or right hand lead, and then immediately force a clinch to prevent Alvarez from retaliating.
Mayweather searches for openings in Canelo's guard.
Floyd threads a jab between Canelo's gloves.
Anticipating Canelo's counter, Floyd ducks underneath…
…and holds on, forcing the referee to intervene.
Mayweather continued to land stiff jabs and right hand leads on Alvarez. Most had expected Floyd to be on their back foot from the very beginning, but here they are, inching forward, getting off first, and smothering any chance Canelo had of throwing an effective counter—a tactic that nullified Canelo's A-game and put a huge dent in their early confidence.
Mayweather closes in on Canelo.
Mayweather lands a straight right hand…
…then immediately dives underneath…
…and forces Canelo to hold.
Never really coming to terms with Floyd's constant flirtation with the pocket, Alvarez always found Mayweather either too far away to be hit, or too close to be hit with their best weapons. Essentially, this was the story of the fight.
Alvarez is looking to create an opening.
Reacting to Canelo's feint, Floyd pushes off their front foot and moves out of range.
Mayweather advances forward and re-enters the pocket.
Just as Canelo is thinking about going on the offensive, Mayweather lands a jab…
…instantly ducks underneath…
…and falls into a clinch, thus preventing any attempted counter or further attack from Alvarez.
In their treatise on boxing Championship Fighting: Explosive Punching and Aggressive Defense Jack Dempsey strongly emphasized that when it comes to the jab, the lead hand should be reserved almost exclusively for delivering what they termed “lead jolts” and should never be used for “fluffing” jabs that are used to “tap, slap, flick, paw or paint”.
Well sorry, Mr. Dempsey, but as Floyd has shown during many of their most recent outings, a light, non-contact “probing” jab can be a great way to offset the opponent's timing and create openings.
What I find truly astonishing is that the world's greatest pound-for-pound fighter is still evolving, becoming more and more unorthodox with each passing fight.
Floyd will, of course, step in behind a regular jab and use it for its typical purpose—to establish range and prevent the opponent from getting to the inside position—but Floyd now regularly uses a “blinding” or “flicker” jab (the terminology is far from universal) to occupy and manipulate their opponent's guard in order to set up their straight rights and left hooks, of which, nobody seems to be able to defend against.
For further reading on Mayweather's probing lead hand I suggest reading my post fight analysis on the Floyd Mayweather-Robert Guerrero fight. http://www.tss.ib.tv/news/articles-frontpage/16611-how-he-did-it-mayweathers-scintillating-display
Here is an example of Mayweather using their lead hand to serve as a distraction for their body jab, which in turn, is used to set up a follow-up attack:
Mayweather and Alvarez are posturing in the center of the ring.
Floyd distracts Canelo with a “blinding” jab.
Floyd drops low and lands a body jab. Notice how Canelo has lowered their guard to try and stuff it.
Mayweather takes advantage of Canelo's low guard by following up with a right hand to the head.
Mayweather's entrancing lead hand continued to befuddle Alvarez throughout the fight. Below is an example of Mayweather tapping Alvarez on the head, so that when Canelo retaliates, they afford Mayweather with a momentary opening that they can exploit.
Mayweather looks to distract Canelo with their lead hand.
Floyd touches the top of Canelo's head with an extended lead glove.
Reacting to Mayweather's unusual tactic, Canelo angrily swipes Mayweather's lead glove away.
Mayweather takes advantage of Canelo's defensive lapse and connects with a right hand down the middle.
Regardless of who they have ever fought or sparred with, I can guarantee that young Canelo will have never had anyone dare to stand right in front of them and try to tap them on the gloves or head in an attempt to pry open their guard. Below is yet another example of Mayweather's antagonizing lead hand tactics.
Mayweather and Canelo are looking for openings.
Mayweather touches Canelo's rear hand with their lead glove.
This time, Mayweather touches Canelo's lead hand with their lead glove.
Taking the bait, Canelo tries to swat down Mayweather's lead hand…
…and gets nailed with a hard right.
As these examples clearly illustrate, much of what Mayweather does inside the ring is just as much mental as it is physical. Floyd's unorthodoxy along with their elite level timing and understanding of range makes them nigh on impossible for today's fighters to try and fathom out.
Right now, Mayweather looks as close to unbeatable as one can possibly get. Because of what is currently out there at the moment, it doesn't look like their “0” will be going anywhere anytime soon.
Not much in today's actual post. The video is a continuation of the last one on org-capture.
The video goes over how I set things up to pop up a new frame to do a capture even if emacs isn't on screen (as long as it's running) by hitting F1. I would have preferred to bind to C-c c - the same as within emacs but I haven't figured out how to do that in Ubuntu or Mint Linux yet.
Here's the elisp code for the configuration file to do the heavy lifting. I can't for th elife of me remember who's blog I found it on. If anyone knows, please leave a comment - I'd like to give credit where credit's due:
(defadvice org-capture-finalize (after delete-capture-frame activate) "Advise capture-finalize to close the frame" (if ( equal "capture" ( frame-parameter nil 'name )) ( delete-frame ))) (defadvice org-capture-destroy (after delete-capture-frame activate) "Advise capture-destroy to close the frame" (if ( equal "capture" ( frame-parameter nil 'name )) ( delete-frame ))) (use-package noflet :ensure t ) (defun make-capture-frame () "Create a new frame and run org-capture." (interactive) (make-frame ' ((name . "capture" ))) (select-frame-by-name "capture" ) (delete-other-windows) (noflet ((switch-to-buffer-other-window (buf) (switch-to-buffer buf))) (org-capture)))
The command I bind to the keyboard shortcut in my window manager:
emacsclient -ne "(make-capture-frame)"
There will be a third capture video in a few weeks where I'll talk about scheduling and agendas. Right now, I'm playing with org-gcal to sync with my Google calendar and want to figure out a config I'm happy with before making that video.
The number of requests for Twitter user data from governments around the world continued to grow in the first half of 2013, the microblogging service said in its semiannual transparency report, released Wednesday.
Over all, Twitter said, it received 1,157 requests for data covering 1,697 users, and it turned over at least some data in 55 percent of the cases. The number of requests was up about 15 percent from the last six months of 2012, the company said.
Government agencies in the United States, where just 30 percent of Twitter's active users reside, accounted for most of the demands, issuing 902 requests for data covering 1,319 users in the first six months of 2013. (Japan was second, with 87 requests covering 103 accounts.)
In a blog post accompanying the report, Twitter noted that the figures excluded any requests made by the United States government under national security laws, including the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
Under law, those requests are secret. But recent leaks by the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J. Snowden have suggested that the government makes frequent and broad demands for information about the customers of Twitter, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Apple and other computer and telecommunications companies. The leaks set off a storm of controversy about the government's practices, and Congress is now considering legislation to limit the surveillance and disclose more information about requests made.
“We have joined forces with industry peers and civil liberty groups to insist that the United States government allow for increased transparency into these secret orders,” Twitter said in its blog post. “We believe it's important to be able to publish numbers of national security requests – including FISA disclosures – separately from non-secret requests. Unfortunately, we are still not able to include such metrics.”
Other companies, including Facebook, Apple and Microsoft, have chosen to disclose the number of government data requests in broad ranges that also include national security requests, but Twitter and Google have said that copying that approach would actually result in them disclosing fewer data to their users.
There are obvious parallels between Ferrari's 2014 season and that of 1991. In both cases the team boss left part-way through the year and was replaced by a man who then opted not to continue with arguably the team's biggest asset, its superstar lead driver. Even more bizarrely, the new boss was gone within weeks of losing the driver, replaced by yet another boss.
Going into '91 team boss Cesare Fiorio and Alain Prost were openly hostile, this going back to the latter being quoted the previous year as saying Ferrari didn't deserve to win the championship after Fiorio refused to apply team orders to aid Prost's cause. Into '91 championships weren't the bone of contention – the Ferrari 643 was not a car even Prost could make into a race winner, let alone a title challenger. Fiorio was fired mid-season, replaced by Marco Piccinini, who was presiding over the running of the team when Prost was fired, ostensibly for daring the criticise the car. A few weeks after that and Piccinini was gone – to be replaced by Luca di Montezemelo. The parallels with 2014 are remarkable, are they not?
The circle of time has taken 23 years to complete a full revolution. In 2014, substitute the F14T for the 643, di Montezemelo for Fiorio, Fernando Alonso for Prost, Marco Mattiacci for Piccinini – and Maurizio Arrivabene for di Montezemelo! It illustrates that things work in a very specific way at Maranello regardless of who the actual people are. The dynamics of Italian corporate politics remain the same and the pressure for the team to be competitive is enormous; both from within Italy and from the powers of F1. More than any other team, a fall from competitive grace is intolerable. Its name carries too much weight for that to be OK.
But in 2014 there has been an additional pressure: the floatation of the Fiat-Chrysler group on the New York stock exchange. Ferrari is the halo brand of that corporation, F1 is the main shop window for Ferrari. It was a bad, bad time to be seriously under-performing, potentially costing billions. Had it been competing at the level it did at any time from 2008 onwards – competitive and race-winning even if the world title proved narrowly elusive – the team could probably have withstood this level of scrutiny. But the F14T was too far off for that to be possible and so the structure began to buckle.
Just as in '91, the instrument of that pressure was the management of parent company Fiat; substitute Sergio Marchionne for Gianni Agnelli. Into such a combustible mix, having one of the world's greatest drivers trying only to get things how they needed them to be from a racing perspective provided the lethal spark. Alonso, just like Prost, was seeing the prime time of their career being squandered by poor management decisions and was feeling understandably frustrated and powerless. Alonso, just like Prost, responded by demanding more of a say in how things were run.
The Ferrari management of 2014 – just as that of 1991 – could not tolerate, nor be seen to tolerate, such a threat to their authority when they themselves were under such scrutiny. Furthermore the very stature of the driver, the widespread recognition of their level as one of the greatest, was only adding to the intolerable pressure upon the under-performing team. So Mattiacci let Alonso go, just as Piccinini had done Prost. For reasons seemingly unrelated to the loss of the driver, Fiat then decided it had an agenda for Ferrari that someone else could better fulfil than the current chief. Lots of blood and intrigue, just as in all the best Italian dramas.
There are a couple of crucial differences this time around – and the following comes from talking to many of those involved behind the scenes on condition of non-attribution (i.e. OK to use the information, but not to be quoted). One difference between the 1991 and 2014 situations is that Alonso had already been trying to leave the team. However, by the time of Montezemelo's departure Fernando was beginning to think they might be better placed staying around for at least another year. The logic of that thinking was easy to understand: there was nothing available in 2015 at Red Bull or Mercedes, the obvious prime seats for him.
Their manager Flavio Briatore had through the summer tried in vain to engineer an exchange deal – Lewis Hamilton for Alonso between Mercedes and Ferrari – that foundered on Mercedes boss Toto Wolff not wanting to disturb the equilibrium of the Hamilton/Rosberg line-up. For all that they had their competitive niggles this year, there was no poison between Lewis and Nico; neither of them has the sort of dominating personality that leads to that. Bringing Alonso in would, believed Toto, have ramifications upon the functioning of the team that didn't fit in with how they wanted to run things.
Furthermore, Hamilton themselves would have been unlikely to have agreed to the deal even had it been suggested to him. As Briatore had been working on this deal, Mattiacci was trying to get Alonso to extend for an extra three years beyond 2016. The Ferrari boss absolutely understood the value of having arguably the world's number one driver on side, but Alonso consistently declined to take up the extension offer.
Alonso was therefore left with the McLaren option. One year deal, suggested Fernando. Multi-year or no deal responded Ron Dennis. That potentially left Alonso out of sync should a Mercedes seat become available after the end of 2015, as Hamilton's current contract expired.
So there was a very sound logic to theirs trying to repair the bridges at Ferrari, to stay there for one more year. Besides, the 2015 Ferrari has every chance of being much more competitive than the F14T; the more obvious of the power unit's shortfalls are an easy fix but just couldn't be done during the season because of the homologation rules whilst the car itself will be the first to have been conceived from the start under the aegis of James Allison, the gifted technical director.
Hence Alonso's meeting with Mattiacci between the Singapore and Japan races. But going into that meeting there was a vital piece of information Alonso and their manager did not possess, but Mattiacci did: Sebastian Vettel – who had a long-term informal agreement that they would give Ferrari first call on their services should they leave Red Bull – had a clause in their Red Bull contract that would allow them to leave a year earlier than its full term (which was until the end of 2015) if they were below third in the championship before a specified cut-off date. That contractual window was about to close shortly after the Japanese Grand Prix. Alonso and Briatore incorrectly assumed that Vettel was committed to Red Bull until the end of 2015.
A couple of weeks prior to the Alonso/Mattiacci meeting, Briatore had been angrily demanding that Mattiacci honour the agreement made between Alonso and Montezemelo that Fernando could be released at the end of this season if they so wished. Mattiacci was saying that the contract ran until the end of 2016 and was watertight, with no options on Alonso's side. When they had signed this contract a couple of years earlier, Alonso had the choice of a very lucrative contract with get-out clauses on their side or an even more lucrative one that offered them no such choices. He'd opted for the latter. Briatore insisted this had now been rendered obsolete by Montezemelo's verbal and handshake agreement that Fernando could walk at the end of '14, if they chose to. Even though Montezemelo was no longer there, the agreement had been reached when they represented Ferrari.
That's where things stood as Alonso and Mattiacci had their showdown meeting. Fernando suggested they would be prepared to continue on their current contract that ran until the end of '16 – but with a few amendments: 1) Exit clauses that gave them certain windows – like Vettel's Red Bull contract – to leave at the end of each season if they were below third in the championship at the cut-off date. 2) A veto over the choice of the other driver. 3) An option to choose technical staff.
Mattiacci – a man used to having control over their employees, not forming partnerships with them or being dictated to by them – did not find any of these demands acceptable. Rather than giving yourself get-out clauses, they suggested, I'd like to see more commitment, not less. By this they meant extending beyond '16. Fernando – who has given incredible commitment to a less than fully competitive Ferrari for five years – did not like the suggestion of them being less than fully committed. They reacted angrily. Mattiacci said that if they did not wish to continue either on their current contract or an extension of it, Ferrari would now honour the agreement made by Montezemelo, i.e. Fernando was free to leave, without either side owing the other. Briatore suggested Alonso signs the memorandum of understanding for the release, believing Mattiacci would then back down. They didn't.
Instead Mattiacci contacted Vettel and told them that if they were ready to sign, so was Ferrari. Red Bull announced at Suzuka that Vettel was leaving and Red Bull's Christian Horner revealed that “Ferrari had made Sebastian a very generous offer”. It was only at this point that Alonso finally had all the pieces of the jigsaw – and further words were exchanged between them and the team boss.
There have since been suggestions that there was an overlooked clause in the Ferrari/Alonso contract that did not allow the team to be in negotiations with other drivers before the end of the season without informing Alonso first – and that therefore Ferrari was in breach and this might be used as leverage by Briatore/Alonso to have them do one more year at Ferrari, after all. But if that was so, it's no longer an option being pursued.
It's easy to understand the positions of both sides in this whole dispute. But against the bigger backdrop of the coming floatation and the strategic choices of the Fiat board, it was a minor issue. It is not believed that Mattiacci's departure had anything to do with their Alonso negotiations. Whatever it was that caused them not to be even given another position within the Fiat empire was unrelated to how they performed their brief role as Ferrari chief.
Which brings us onto the other big difference between 1991 and 2014; F1's very uncertain future and Ferrari's position within it. It's all in a state of flux at the moment. Commercial and technical regulations that were seemingly set until well into the future are now being openly questioned and negotiated over as there comes a belated realisation that the choppiness of the F1 water might be because a very big waterfall is coming. The territory of the future might need to be staked out now.
When Fiat's Sergio Marchionne announced the recruitment of Arrivabene, there was probably more than just PR speak in what they said: “We decided to appoint Maurizio Arrivabene because, at this historic moment in time for the Scuderia and for Formula 1, we need a person with a thorough understanding not just of Ferrari but also of the governance mechanisms and requirements of the sport. Maurizio has a unique wealth of knowledge. They have been extremely close to the Scuderia for years and, as a member of the F1 Commission, is also keenly aware of the challenges we are facing.
“He has been a constant source of innovative ideas focused on revitalisation of Formula 1. Their managerial experience on a highly complex and closely regulated market is also of great importance, and will help them manage and motivate the team. I am delighted to have been able to secure their leadership for our racing activities.”
Laying the stakes for the future – of establishing F1's income source, distribution and Ferrari's slice at a time when these projected revenue streams are a part of what shareholders in the Fiat-Chrysler group would be buying – was probably too serious a job to be handled by someone new to the sport.
But it all rather leaves an unsettling thought: as these financial moves are swirling around, who is looking after the race team and what plans are being put in place to make it once more the focused entity it was under Ross Brawn and Jean Todt? History suggests that with such an approach Ferrari can beat the world. Without it, it flounders. And if you doubt the relevance of history, just look at the link between 1991 and 2014.
There are so many times it's tough to keep up, but here is the list of 20 players who were held out of practice Sunday, either because of injury or to get a rest:
Defensive linemen (7): NT Johnny Jones, DL Brandon Bair, DT Myles Wade, DT Pat Sims, DT Stacy McGee, DT Vance Walker, DE Lamarr Houston.
Linebackers (4): Sio Moore, Miles Burris, Billy Boyko, Kaluka Maiava.
Defensive backs (2): CB Mike Jenkins, CB Tracy Porter.
Offensive players (7): WR Connor Vernon, RB Latavius Murray, RG Mike Brisiel, C-G Alex Parsons, OT Menelik Watson, WR-RS Josh Cribbs, G Lucas Nix.
— Brisiel's absence gave Allen a chance to get a look at Khalif Barnes at guard. Barnes, whose starts have all been at tackle, last remembers playing inside “three or four” years ago against the San Diego Chargers after two players went down due to injury.
“It's cool. Things happen a little faster. I haven't done it in a few years, but I've just got to get the footwork down and notice that things happen a little quicker inside as opposed to the edge,” Barnes said. “The more you can do the better it is. You just make yourself more valuable. I'm just trying to come in and do what they ask me to do.”
Said Allen: “He's a big guy that's got some power, so I think that's something we want to look at. Him moving inside some, and kind of mix and match the lineups a little bit and see what we got. That was something that we had kind of planned on doing throughout camp and we took the opportunity to day with Brisiel being down to put them in there and see what they can do.”
With consistency being preached from Day 1 of training camp, Allen was asked which players have been the most consistent. Although they as reluctant to give names, Allen did anyway, naming SS Tyvon Branch, DE Jason Hunter, MLB Nick Roach, Barnes, C Stefen Wisniewski and RB Darren McFadden.
Given a little more time, the guess here is Allen would have also named FS Charles Woodson, WR Rod Streater and LT Jared Veldheer.
— Interesting that the two Raiders who have played the most games _ Woodson and DE Andre Carter _ have not missed a practice.
— Watson, who along with Sims and Burris has not practiced through the first nine sessions of camp, will have a difficult time mounting a challenge for the right tackle position considering their college experience at Florida State is just 13 games.
“He's way behind. They went through the offseason program, but here we are in the second week of camp and they haven't seen a down yet,” Allen said. “He's got to get healthy and got to get back out here. It's frustrating to me, but it's frustrating for them too.”
Hybrid technology could make Star Trek-style tricorder a reality
Scientists at the University of Southampton are aiming to develop a handheld testing device to provide same day diagnosis from a patient's bedside. In the fictional Star-Trek universe, the tricorder was used to remotely scan patients for a diagnosis. The new device could replace the current conventional diagnostic method, which is lengthy and is limited to single point measurements, due to the prohibitive costs and sample volumes required, preventing continuous monitoring of disease progression. The research, which is led by Dr Themis Prodromakis, will develop hybrid technology using electronic components as chemical sensors on printed circuit boards (PCBs). The device can carry out diagnosis on the same day and at the point-of-care – potentially avoiding the need to send protein samples away to laboratories for chemical assessment and diagnosis. Consequently, the new device could lead to public health benefits in reducing the time to treatment and reducing costs in both diagnosis and late-diagnosis treatments. Dr Themis Prodromakis, a Reader in Nanoelectronics and EPSRC Fellow at the University of Southampton, says: “A project of this nature is the perfect illustration of how academia, manufacturing and the end user can come together to pool their knowledge and experience to make a real and valuable change. There is a real opportunity for this new diagnostic tool to make a tangible difference to healthcare not only in the UK but in international markets as well.” The project is in collaboration with researchers in the Department of Infection and Immunity at Imperial College Healthcare NHS, who will carry out all clinical trials throughout this three-year project, and Newbury Electronics, a leading manufacturer of PCBs in the UK who will bring their extensive knowledge of manufacturing techniques and materials to this innovative work. Philip King, director at Newbury Electronics said: “We are delighted to have been appointed as the manufacturing partner for this project. Themis and their team have come up with an exciting alternative to more traditional diagnostic methods and it is now our job, as the expert manufacturers, to help transform this idea into a feasible product. The inclusion of Imperial College as the clinicians to demonstrate the relevance of this research ensures that valid input from all sides is incorporated right from the initial stages.” The research is being funded by a £1 million grant, awarded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC). Dr Prodromakis and their team are currently working with Newbury Electronics to gain a better understanding of the PCB manufacturing process and how this can be refined and amended to use alternative materials and to finer degrees of accuracy. If the development work goes to plan, the first prototypes should be available for initial testing by next year.
(NaturalNews) Two days before the massive 9.0+ magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Japan, millions of dead fish were found mysteriously blanketing waters at King Harbor Marina in Redondo Beach, Calif. ( https://www.naturalnews.com/031645_dead_fish_... ).And in a similar turn of events, millions of dead fish were recently discovered floating in China's Minjiang River -- just a coincidence, or a sign of worse things to come?, a Chinese news source, reports that countless millions of dead fish were found floating on a large portion of the Minjiang River stretching from Huangtian in Gutian County, to Shuikou, an area that represents the largest grass carp breeding region in China's Fujian Province. As many as nine million fish have reportedly died in Huangtian alone, thus far."All the fish in Huangtian floated onto the river on August 27, 28 and 29," said Wei Maoci to Chinese reporters. Maoci, who owns their own fish farm, was the first of many farmers to experience massive and unexplained fish deaths and they reportedly lost the equivalent of roughly $470,000 worth of fish as a result."Fish started to die even as we gave more oxygen. Some 100 cages of fish died within two hours. We all lost a family fortune. Those with small enterprises (supported by fish farming) lost at least 200,000 to 300,000 yuan (roughly $31,000 to $47,000)."Some fish farmers reportedly believe pollution runoff from nearby industries, including from drug company factories that produce antibiotics, might be responsible for killing the fish. But Chinese environmental authorities in the area have stated that the fish died of "low dissolved oxygen," for which they do not have an explanation.Since the fish die-off in China occurred, no earthquakes of a similar magnitude to the record Japan quake have occurred. However, there was a 6.5 magnitude quake in Mongolia that occurred on August 27, as well as a 6.8 magnitude quake in Southeast Asia on August 30. The largest to have occurred was a 7.1 magnitude quake that struck near Alaska September 2 ( http://www.iris.edu/seismon/ ).While there is obviously no proven scientific connection between mass animal die-offs of this nature and seismic activity, their eerily coincidental timing with one another is, at the very least, worthy of further consideration.
A federal appeals court says Mississippi can start enforcing a law that will let merchants and government employees cite religious beliefs to deny services to same-sex couples.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Thursday reversed a judge's decision that had blocked the law before it could take effect last July.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves had ruled that the law unconstitutionally establishes preferred beliefs and creates unequal treatment for LGBT people.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant and other supporters say the law protects beliefs that marriage can be between only a man and a woman, and that a person's gender is determined at birth and cannot be changed.
Gay and straight plaintiffs who sued the state say the law gives “special protections to one side” in a religious debate.
Robert McDuff is an attorney for some of the people who sued to try to block the law. They say that within two weeks, they will either ask the entire 5th Circuit to reconsider the panel's decision or ask the U.S. Supreme Court to block the law.
Supporters say the law protects beliefs that marriage can be between only a man and a woman. Plaintiffs say the law gives “special protections to one side” in a religious debate.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi has filed a separate lawsuit challenging the law, House Bill 1523, which allows freedom of religion to justify discrimination against LGBT Mississippians and single parents.
“We are disappointed that the appeals court has reversed the preliminary injunction placed on HB 1523 and dismissed the case,” ACLU of Mississippi Executive Director Jennifer Riley Collins said in an emailed statement. “This decision places the plaintiffs and thousands more LGBT Mississippians and single parents in a position where they can be harmed for living as their authentic selves. This broad license to discriminate includes provisions that would seek to allow state employees to withhold marriage licenses from same-sex couples.”
Collins continued, “We are ready to move forward with our case filed on behalf of ACLU members Nykolas Alford and Stephen Thomas, who are planning to marry in Mississippi in the near future. That case was put on hold until the court of appeals ruled. We will continue to proceed on behalf of Nykolas and Stephen to protect them, and other same-sex couples from this harmful and discriminatory law.
“Freedom of religion is one of the most fundamental rights we have as Americans, but that freedom does not give any of us the right to harm or mistreat others.
Associated Press contributed to this report.
This Story Filed Under
2 years ago Möngöl Hörde exploded onto the scene with a grand total of four live shows including both Reading and Leeds festival dates. But now they have returned for what very well could be their first and only UK tour. Bringing with them Oxygen Thief and drummer Ben Dawson's full time band Palehorse on the road with them for the 9 day trek up and down the country.
Opening the show, hot off the release of their new album ‘The Half Life of Facts‘ was Oxygen Thief who were playing to a criminally small crowd. Primarily playing off their new album, the Brighton trio warmed the room up nicely with a solid sound a good stage presence and kept the crowd entertained between songs.
Palehorse however surprisingly felt somewhat out of place on the line-up. Though they did have high amounts of energy and were getting the crowd moving, many songs sounded indistinguishable from the next and some slightly awkward talk between the two frontmen. However all said and done they paved the way and got the crowd ready for Möngöl Hörde.
Then it was time for the hardcore trio of Frank, Matt and Ben to take the stage in Nottingham for perhaps the only time. Wasting no time getting into the new album by opening with ‘Winky Face: The Mark of a Moron‘ followed by ‘Blistering Blue Barnacle‘. The whole band were completely on form with Matt Nasir's baritone guitar shook the whole room with obscenely deep heavy riffs and Ben Dawson showed off their more technical side of drumming (after playing immediately after their Palehorse set) and Frank showed Nottingham that eight years of playing folk/punk hasn't robbed them of their brutal vocals.
The whole band were also in good spirits by ripping on making jokes at the expense of the Red Hot Chilli Peppers and Jessie J and even offering their retort to Jessie J's song Price Tag with the track ‘Staff to the Refund Counter‘. Playing the entirety of their debut album, with a few choice covers thrown in from Rage Against The Machine, Sepultura, Faith No More and Foo Fighters made for one hell of a set.
I can only hope that for everyone who was not able to make this tour, that they will play again. And to everyone heading to Reading and Leeds festival this year, this will be one band not to miss.
Rating: 7 Slices out of 8
Want to make your "Frozen" fanatic's wildest Christmas dreams come true?
How about spending the holiday with Anna and Elsa themselves?
Disney on Ice: Frozen opens at the Wells Fargo Center on Christmas Day, which is Thursday, Dec. 25. The show is at 2 p.m.
"Enter a fantastical winter wonderland beyond all imagination at Disney On Ice presents Frozen!," the event description reads. "You'll be magically whisked away into the wintery world of Arendelle, where you will be dazzled by amazing special effects and astonishing skating. Sing and dance along to inspiring songs, including Let It Go. Join royal sisters Elsa and Anna, the hilarious snowman Olaf, Kristoff, their loyal reindeer Sven and the mystical trolls as they journey to discover that true love is ultimately the most magical power of all!"
Shows will run through Jan. 4, 2015. Tickets start at $30.
Click here for more information.
Great Fire of New York, 1835 1836 depiction of the fire As seen from Williamsburg
The 1835 Great Fire of New York was one of three fires that rendered extensive damage to New York City in the 18th and 19th centuries. The fire occurred in the middle of an economic boom, covering 17 city blocks, killing two people, and destroying hundreds of buildings, with an estimated $20 million of property damage (equivalent to $508 million in 2018).[1][2]
Background [ edit ]
By 1835, New York City was the premier American city, and its financial prowess surpassed that of Philadelphia or Boston. The opening of the Erie Canal ten years earlier connected New York to raw materials and commercial interests in the Midwest and allowed the city to rise to prominence as a market hub. Over half of the country's exports left through New York Harbor, while more than a third of American imports arrived there. Insurance companies, investment firms, real estate companies and others made New York their home.[citation needed]
As the city expanded northward and its economic significance increased, fire was a major concern. Insurance companies worried that a large fire could sap their resources. The mayor and common council members held stock in or were board members of many fire insurance firms. City officials made efforts to build more watch towers and hire more watchmen. One serious impediment to firefighting was the lack of a reliable water source, as little had been done by 1835 to solve the city's water problem. The city's residents, as well as its firefighters, relied on neighborhood wells, forty fire cisterns, and a reservoir located at 13th Street and the Bowery.[citation needed]
The fire department's growth in the 1820s and 1830s had not kept pace with the growth of the city. The city's population had swelled by an additional 145,000 in the previous decade, but the department had added only about 300 firefighters. A roster of 1,500 firefighters, 55 engines, 6 ladder companies, and 5 hose carts were deemed insufficient to protect the city. Throughout the summer and fall of 1835, the department had fought numerous fires. On December 14, the entire fire department had spent the freezing, miserable evening fighting two large fires, which destroyed thirteen buildings and two shops. The city's fire cisterns were nearly empty and its firefighting force exhausted when disaster struck.[3]
Fire [ edit ]
The fire began on the evening of December 16, 1835, in a five-story warehouse at 25 Merchant Street, now known as Beaver Street,[4] at the intersection of Hanover Square[5] and Wall Street. As it spread, gale-force winds blowing from the northwest towards the East River spread the fire. The conflagration was visible from Philadelphia, approximately 80 miles (130 km) away.
At the time of the fire, major water sources including the East River and the Hudson River were frozen in temperatures as low as −17 °F (−27 °C). Firefighters were forced to drill holes through ice to access water, which later re-froze around the hoses and pipes. Attempts were made to deprive the fire of fuel by demolishing surrounding buildings, but at first there was insufficient gunpowder in Manhattan. Later in the evening, U.S. Marines returned with gunpowder from the Brooklyn Navy Yard and began to blow up buildings in the fire's path.
An investigation found that a burst gas pipe, ignited by a coal stove, was the initial source; no blame was assigned.
Damage [ edit ]
The fire covered 13 acres (53,000 m2) in 17 city blocks and destroyed between 530 and 700 buildings.[6] This part of the city is now known as Coenties Slip, an area between the East River and Maiden Lane in the north and William Street in the west.[7] According to an account published in the History of the City of New York:
Many of the stores destroyed in the fire were new, with iron shutters and doors and copper roofs. When they burned, witnesses described appearance of immense iron furnaces in full blast. The heat at times melted the copper roofing and the liquid ran off in great drops. A gale blew towards the East River. Wall after wall was heard tumbling like an avalanche. Fiery tongues of flame leaped from roof and windows along whole streets and seemed to be making angry dashes at each other. The water of the bay looked like a vast sea of blood. The bells rang for a while and then ceased. Both sides of Pearl Street and Hanover Square were at the same instant engulfed in flames.[6]
A report from London gave a colorful account of the damage, praising the resilience of the population:
A most awful conflagration occurred at New York on the 15th of December, by which 600 buildings were destroyed, comprising the most valuable district of the city, including the entire destruction of the Exchange, the Post Office and an immense number of stores. The fire raged incessantly for upwards of fifteen hours. The shipping along the line of wharfs suffered considerably; several vessels were entirely destroyed. The property consumed is estimated at 20,000,000 dollars. In the midst of this terrible visitation, however, it is consolatory to see the elastic energy of the people. Instead of wasting their time in despondency over this frightful desolation, the whole population seems to on the alert to repair the mischief.[8]
Reconstruction [ edit ]
Recovery meant improved buildings, which would require financing. Negotiations were swiftly undertaken, and the cooperation of banks was crucial in preventing an economic disaster.[8] A London magazine wrote, "Plans of rebuilding on an improved scale and modes of borrowing money for that purpose, on sound securities, are under arrangement. The energy of the inhabitants and the ready manner in which the banks had offered to make advances to the different insurance companies, as well as to private individuals, would avert, it was expected, a commercial crisis."[8]
The destroyed wooden buildings were quickly replaced by larger stone and brick ones that were less prone to burn. The fire also prompted construction of a new municipal water supply, the Old Croton Aqueduct, and a reform and expansion of the fire service.[citation needed]
The fire bankrupted several insurance companies, slowing the processing of claims; 23 of New York's 26 insurance companies went out of business,[9] and Hartford, Connecticut-based insurers came to dominate the New York fire insurance market. Today, Hartford is still known as the "Insurance Capital of the World."[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
"Chapter 18: The Great Conflagration of 1835", History of the Fire Department of the City of New York.
Coordinates:
Share
Vehicle software updates were featured in General Motors news twice this week. GM has recalled more than 4 million vehicles to correct an airbag software defect already linked to at least one death, reports the LA Times. Also, a top GM engineering executive said the Bolt EV will have an over-the-air (OTA) software update capability within the next year or so, according to Electrek.
In all, 4.28 million vehicles –3.6 million in the U.S. — are covered by the recall to fix airbag software. According to GM, a sensing and diagnostic module can go into a test mode. In that mode, airbags will not inflate in a crash. Seat belts might not work, either. The company said at least one death and three injuries have been associated with the defect.
The vehicles involved in the recall include: the 2014-2016 Buick LaCrosse, Chevrolet SS, and Chevrolet Spark EV; 2014-2017 Buick Encore, GMC Sierra 1500, Chevrolet Corvette, Chevrolet Trax, Chevrolet Caprice police car and Chevrolet Silverado 1500; and 2015-2017 Chevrolet Tahoe, Chevrolet Suburban, Chevrolet Silverado HD, GMC Yukon, GMC Yukon XL, GMC Sierra HD, Cadillac Escalade, and Cadillac Escalade ESV.
Owners will have to take their vehicles to a dealer for the free update. Dealers already have the update, so fixes should be fast.
Bolt EV owners won't need to go to dealers for software updates once OTA programming is enabled. GM Chief Executive Engineer Pam Fletcher said “software download capability” is on its way. First, however, the engineering team is focusing on security.
“We take [cybersecurity] very seriously, and we were the first major automaker to establish a dedicated cybersecurity team … we really wanted to have all the necessary safeguards in place so that we could do over-the-air programming safely and securely on the Bolt EV,” Fletcher said.
According to Electrek, Fletcher said the Bolt EV would retail for $37,500 before incentives, have a 200-mile range, and get from zero to 60 in less than 7 seconds.
Thus, President Obama is being called a “socialist” who seeks to destroy capitalism. Why? Because they want to raise the tax rate on the highest-income Americans back to, um, about 10 percentage points less than it was for most of the Reagan administration. Bizarre.
But the charge of socialism is being thrown around only because “liberal” doesn't seem to carry the punch it used to. And if you go back just a few years, you find top Republican figures making equally bizarre claims about what liberals were up to. Remember when Karl Rove declared that liberals wanted to offer “therapy and understanding” to the 9/11 terrorists?
Photo
Then there are the claims made at some recent tea-party events that Mr. Obama wasn't born in America, which follow on earlier claims that they are a secret Muslim. Crazy stuff — but nowhere near as crazy as the claims, during the last Democratic administration, that the Clintons were murderers, claims that were supported by a campaign of innuendo on the part of big-league conservative media outlets and figures, especially Rush Limbaugh .
Speaking of Mr. Limbaugh: the most impressive thing about their role right now is the fealty they are able to demand from the rest of the right. The abject apologies they have extracted from Republican politicians who briefly dared to criticize them have been right out of Stalinist show trials. But while it's new to have a talk-radio host in that role, ferocious party discipline has been the norm since the 1990s, when Tom DeLay , the House majority leader, became known as “The Hammer” in part because of the way they took political retribution on opponents.
Going back to those tea parties, Mr. DeLay, a fierce opponent of the theory of evolution — they famously suggested that the teaching of evolution led to the Columbine school massacre — also foreshadowed the denunciations of evolution that have emerged at some of the parties.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Last but not least: it turns out that the tea parties don't represent a spontaneous outpouring of public sentiment. They're AstroTurf (fake grass roots) events, manufactured by the usual suspects. In particular, a key role is being played by FreedomWorks, an organization run by Richard Armey, the former House majority leader, and supported by the usual group of right-wing billionaires. And the parties are, of course, being promoted heavily by Fox News.
But that's nothing new, and AstroTurf has worked well for Republicans in the past. The most notable example was the “spontaneous” riot back in 2000 — actually orchestrated by G.O.P. strategists — that shut down the presidential vote recount in Florida 's Miami-Dade County.
So what's the implication of the fact that Republicans are refusing to grow up, the fact that they are still behaving the same way they did when history seemed to be on their side? I'd say that it's good for Democrats, at least in the short run — but it's bad for the country.
For now, the Obama administration gains a substantial advantage from the fact that it has no credible opposition, especially on economic policy, where the Republicans seem particularly clueless.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But as I said, the G.O.P. remains one of America's great parties, and events could still put that party back in power. We can only hope that Republicans have moved on by the time that happens.
By now, you've collected every amiibo that's still left on store shelves. While you're taking a break from trying to find a rare Pit or Little Mac to add to your collection, have you stopped to think about what you're going to do with the classics? You know, the original challengers from the game that started it all?
Artist Danilo Santeliz decided to create a replica of the Hyrule Castle stage from the original Super Smash Bros. The iconic N64 stage was constructed over the course of two weeks, while cut, crafted, and assembled to perfection. The entire piece was hand-painted to bring every 64-bit detail to life, and is the follow-up piece to their incredible Final Destination amiibo display holder we featured earlier this month. Hyrule Castle fits 12 amiibo comfortably, but Danilo assures us this stand will only be used to hold the classic characters that appeared in the original title — sorry, future Toon Link amiibo.
Check below the break for even more photos of Hyrule Castle's road to completion.
As for their next piece? Danilo is ready to take on Star Fox 64's Great Fox!
Be sure to check out Danilo's Instagram to follow the progress of their next project.
This time we have a cup for more advanced players, and for less experienced players.
The map pool:
If you have less than 100 hours, sign up to our open cup!If you have more than 100 hours, sign up to our advanced cup!- Static Discharge- Simplicity- Pocket infinity- The Catalyst- FurnaceThis time, we will have the matches be BO3, the picking process will be:Choose heads or tails, type !flip in the discord(winner means whoever won the coin flip).The map left is the tiebreaker map. Maps are played in order of picks.For the grand final we will have BO5, the picking process will be:The map left is played as the third map, if the game continues after the 3 maps, play the map the winner banned, then the map the loser banned.Any server can be used as long as both players agree with it.
I had a moment of clarity this morning ...
In between the "mad dash" of breakfast and getting the kids dressed for school, my son walked over to their train table, grabbed one of their MANY toy trains and started to enter their own world.
"Percy, watch out!" they said in a excited tone, as they raced them down the wooden track.
I could tell they were having a moment of pure joy, a moment unspoiled by silly things such as responsibility, or appointments. They were present, my son was "All In", and they were enjoying every minute of it.
I had to get me some of that.
"What ya' over here doing man?" I asked him, eagerly awaiting my opportunity to include myself (a skill parents have tried to master for ages).
And since my son is 2, I really have no idea what they were saying, but I did catch the part about "Looking for Thomas".
"Thomas, where is he?" I ask.
"Thomas, where ARE you?" they start to chant
"Let's go find him, buddy." and we are off ...
So what started out as an observation of my son's creative imagination, turned into a full-on search and rescue mission, complete with our own theme song and high-step march. While walking and singing behind my son, something became so clear to me.
Although I was already aware of the fact before, it was the strength and the conviction of the revelation that inspired me.
I felt my spirit move me to tears, although none were shed on this day, seeing them in that moment made something so clear.
Damn, that kid is so cool!
Now, as a parent, it's natural to have delusions of grandeur for our children. We all believe our children are going to cure diseases, lead nations or compose timeless melodies. I am no different.
But at that time, my son and I were connecting on a level that transcended the normal parenting role; instructing, mentoring and molding.
We were, at that moment, friends.
As we grow in life, it becomes easier to gain money, property and status. But gaining a true friend, one that last for more than a season in one's life, get's increasingly difficult as the years grow on.
As a professional athlete, we are often seen and appreciated by many, but only true friends to a few. Although our facebook fan pages can range anywhere between 1 to 1,000,000 "friends", our inner circle only consists of around 5 or 6 real ones (if we are fortunate).
That also includes teammates.
I am reminded of a time when I was a rookie, undrafted and fighting for an opportunity to fulfill a dream. I gravitated towards the veterans, eager to hear their story, and ultimately gain knowledge of what it took to be a part of a professional team.
One veteran, in particular, kept their distance. Aside from the occasional, "rookie duties", they rarely spoke to me; and when they did, let's just say it wasn't warming.
I made the team, and after the first couple games, the guys had a night-out on the town. For some reason I rode home with the dismissive vet, and I had questions.
"What's the deal man?" I ask.
"What do you mean?" they replied.
"Well, it could be just me, but I have the feeling that you don't like me."
They laughed, "Well, first thing, if I didn't like you, you wouldn't be in my car!"
They had a point.
"This game is a revolving door, and you didn't have the best chance of being here." they continued.
"One thing I have learned over the years is that you cannot become attached to every man that walks in the locker room. Because one day they are here, and the next they're gone."
The truth, served cold.
Before that, I usually liked my truths served at the END OF THE MEAL. With polite banter as an appetizer, sprinkled with a little "beating around the bush". But that truth, no matter how harsh, was one of the first lessons i learned about the business.
Players usually have their guards raised when meeting new people. We realize that it is a matter of time before those "Hey man, how's it going(s)" turn into, "Hey man, you got any tickets?"
So my suggestion to anyone that wants to be "real" friends with an professional athlete, is to not ask them for anything; Don't ask me for tickets, don't ask me to introduce you to Drew, and definitely don't ask for money. Show that you are intent on developing the relationship on shared interest, not what they can do for you.
Then my friend, you might have a friend for life.
Lord knows we need them.
(New Orleans Saints defensive back Jabari Greer writes a weekly blog that runs on Tuesdays. He'll talk football, life, or just whatever is on their mind. Oh, and be ready to laugh. Jabari doesn't always take these subjects seriously. Check out their Facebook page and The Greer Foundation site.)
After almost twenty years, the Sony Online Entertainment studio is no longer part of Sony. Sounds like we'll be seeing games like EverQuest and H1Z1 on the Xbox soon.
SOE announced their independence in a press release this afternoon, saying they had been purchased by a New York-based management firm called Columbus Nova and that they will now be an independent developer.
Since they can't call themselves Sony anymore—and "Online Entertainment" isn't quite as catchy—they've picked a totally new name. Meet Daybreak Game Company LLC.
Given the studio's newfound independence from the makers of PlayStation, you'd expect them to want to make games for that *other* console, and you'd be totally right. Says the press release (emphasis mine):
With the completion of the transaction, SOE will now operate as an independent game development studio and will continue to focus on creating quality online games, providing excellent service to its extensive player base, while centering on its untapped potential as a multi-platform online gaming company.
Advertisement
That's right: they're making Xbox games now. Check out this tweet from newly christened Daybreak president John Smedley:
An SOE representative also talked multiplatform releases on the company's official forums, where the announcement first hit:
Today, we are pleased to announce that we have been acquired by Columbus Nova, an investment management firm well known for its success with its existing portfolio of technology, media and entertainment focused companies. This means that effective immediately SOE will operate as an independent game development studio where we will continue to focus on creating exceptional online games for players around the world, and now as a multi-platform gaming company. Yes, that means PlayStation and Xbox, mobile and more!
Advertisement
Originally founded as a Sony internal development studio back in the mid-90s, SOE has long been known for creating EverQuest, one of the most popular and influential MMORPGs. (The game was so addictive, people took to calling it EverCrack.) They also worked on online games like The Matrix Online, Star Wars Galaxies, and the ongoing sci-fi game PlanetSide.
The studio's big current projects are the zombie game H1Z1 and the MMORPG EverQuest Next, both of which will now presumably be developed for Xbox and PlayStation.
You can reach the author of this post at jason@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @jasonschreier.
Los Angeles (CNN) It is 4:00 a.m., and a dozen ATF agents have poured out of an armored vehicle, preparing to break open the front and back doors of an inconspicuous store just outside downtown Los Angeles.
They suspect that storefront is a hub for the notorious MS-13 street gang
Rifle-wielding officers suited in body armor and helmets appear ready for combat. They go in, but there is no violence. With the element of surprise on their side, agents peacefully take a half dozen people into custody.
One by one, they come out in handcuffs. Some are suspected gang members; some may be victims of human trafficking, authorities say.
A storefront might seem like an odd place to find them. But MS-13 members have been known to live in storefronts and have been suspected of using them as a cover for drug activity, prostitution and human trafficking.
CNN's was the only TV crew that accompanied authorities during the raids.
At the same time, dozens of other raids were taking place across the city as hundreds of federal and local authorities stormed homes and storefronts, searching for high-ranking members of MS-13.
50 raids
The 50 pre-dawn raids, aimed at catching suspects asleep or off guard, also focused on nabbing members of MS-13's core leadership, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) said.
"Today we disrupted this gang's command and control," said Eric Harden, special agent in charge of the ATF's Los Angeles field division.
Los Angeles is the US base for MS-13, which has tens of thousands of members worldwide. Authorities count the gang among the largest criminal organizations in the US.
Authorities carried out the largest crackdown of MS-13 members in Los Angeles history. They also found suspected human trafficking victims of the gang.
More than half of the 44 people arrested Wednesday are undocumented immigrants, acting US Attorney Sandra Brown said.
But the raids aimed to curb violent crime -- not immigration violations, Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said. They said MS-13 often "preys on" undocumented immigrants.
Authorities conduct one of 50 simultaneous raids targeting MS-13 gang members.
The suspects face a wide range of charges, including federal racketeering, narcotics conspiracy and homicide. If convicted, Brown said, most of those arrested Wednesday could face decades in federal prison -- and three could face the death penalty.
About 1,000 officers from the ATF, the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department took part worked on the massive effort.
And they had to execute their plan in the dark of night.
Investigation goes deep
Federal agents say the probe, which began in June 2014, targeted the leadership and the most violent members of MS-13 in Los Angeles and the gang's links to the Mexican mafia.
"We believe the most impact is made by targeting the mid- to upper-level hierarchy of the gang and removing them," Harden said.
"Once removed, it causes a disorganization of the gang, where it suppresses their activity for an extensive amount of time until another leader is developed or steps up."
MS-13 makes money from extortions, kidnappings, drug and weapons trafficking and human trafficking, the ATF said. Killings for the protection of the gang are common, federal authorities say, and sometimes are carried out with machetes.
Harden has faced off with MS-13 for decades, dating back to their days as a street agent.
"They've been here since the '80s and have thrived to this date," said Harden. "They're a transnational or international gang. Their level of brutality is extreme and high, similar to what we read about and hear with the drug-trafficking cartels in Mexico."
Gang has international reach
MS-13 began in Los Angeles in the 1980s, when El Salvadorians flooded into the United States. Its offshoot in Central America took hold when many of its members were deported.
The gang counts about 30,000 members worldwide and more than 10,000 in the United States -- a number that has held steady for some years but one that officials believe is trending upward, the Justice Department said.
MS-13 is active in 40 US states, plus the District of Columbia.
The gang is known for forcing new members to endure a 13-second beating known as "jumping in," authorities say. Members beat the new member with fists and bats in videotaped beatings often lasting far longer than the touted 13 seconds. Women who join the gang either jump in or are "sexed in," having sexual relations with MS-13 members.
Back in the spotlight
Despite Los Angeles authorities' long history fighting MS-13, the gang has found a recent spotlight under the Trump administration as part of its border security and immigration enforcement efforts. The administration, however, has failed to provide reporters with data on how many MS-13 members are believed to be in the United States illegally.
JUST WATCHED Trump's strong words for MS-13 Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump's strong words for MS-13 00:46
Just this week, at the National Peace Officers' Memorial Service, President Donald Trump said, "MS-13 is going to be gone from our streets very soon, believe me."
Last month, Trump tweeted that MS-13 was allowed to thrive under the immigration policies of the Obama administration, even though the gang has been in the United States for decades. Federal agents said the investigation that prompted Wednesday's raids began three years ago, under President Barack Obama and then-FBI Director James Comey.
There is little statistical evidence that MS-13 has been more prevalent in recent years or more dangerous to the US than other gangs, experts say.
"This attitude that there's a brand-new threat and it's new and it's all immigration, there is not a piece of that narrative that is accurate," said Jorja Leap, an anthropologist and longtime gang researcher at UCLA.
Even so, MS-13's methods are particularly brutal, experts say, and in recent months, several gruesome killings have made news across the nation.
Attorney General Eric Holder has given federal prosecutors permission to subpoena New York Times reporter James Risen for some information regarding their connection to a former employee of the Central Intelligence Agency.
Though New York Times reporter James Risen has been adamant about not revealing their sources and the Department of Justice indicated last week it would not force the Pulitzer Prize winner to reveal who their sources were, prosecutors announced Tuesday they will be seeking their testimony in the case of Jeffery Sterling.
The Department of Justice charged Sterling, a former agent, of unlawfully obtaining documents and spilling national secrets in 2010, and subsequently accused them of being a source in Risen's 2006 book State of War.
Information regarding confidentiality agreements for Risen's book, whether articles and chapters from their book, “accurately reflect information provided to them by their source (or sources), that statements attributed to an unnamed source were, in fact, made by an unnamed source, and that statements attributed to an identified source were, in fact, made by an identified source” will be sought during the trial, scheduled to begin on Jan. 12.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
According to a court filing, prosecutors needed approval in regard to the subpoena given new Department of Justice guidelines on seeking information from the news media. The guidance, issued in July, provides some protection from members of the media in civil and criminal proceedings. The guidance came following scandals involving the DOJ seizing phone records and emails of reporters from the Associated Press and Fox News.
Media organizations and advocacy groups including the Newspaper Association of America have been calling on Congress to pass a law that would protect journalists from having to reveal their confidential sources in criminal and civil proceedings without having to face legal consequences.
A federal judge in Virginia requested last week that the federal attorneys come to a clear decision on whether or not they would subpoena Risen by Tuesday.
Requests for comment from Risen's attorneys were not immediately answered.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
As of Thursday morning, the “reasonable chastisement” of a child by a parent is no longer a valid shield against a charge of common assault. Instead, any parent who hits a child faces the same potentially criminal treatment as if the victim had been an adult – whatever the family's belief or religion.
“The common law defence of reasonable chastisement is unconstitutional and no longer applies in our law,” ordered Johannesburg high court Judge Raylene Keightley, a judgment in which fellow judge Ellem Francis concurred.
Corporal punishment has previously been outlawed as a punishment in the justice system or in schools, but courts have scrupulously steered clear of pronouncing on smacking within the family.
Keightley, however, was blunt about the effect of their order reaching not only into the home, but overruling religious belief.
“The removal of the defence will not prevent religious believers from disciplining their children. It is so that they may have to consider changing their mode of discipline, but in view of the importance of the principle of the best interests of the child, this is a justifiable limitation on the rights of parents,” Keightley said in a lengthy judgment.
“This is a case where I am satisfied that it is permissible to require religious parents who believe in corporal punishment to be expected to obey the secular laws, rather than permitting them to place their religious beliefs above the best interests of their children.”
Keightley said that parents who did hit their children would not be criminally charged “willy nilly”, but would be diverted to existing intervention services.
At the same time they found that the state should be “empowered, rather than shackled, by the arsenal at its disposal to investigate, prevent and protect children from harmful and potentially harmful situations”.
The court had been considering an appeal by a man identified as YG against their conviction in a magistrate's court for assaulting their son and wife. YG said they had caught their 13-year-old son surfing pornography after circumventing their home internet security system. As a religious Muslim man, YG said, they felt it important to teach their son that pornography is wrong.
They assaulted their wife later the same night in what they claimed was self-defence.  They are described as weighing between 40 and 50 kilograms.
Their son reported YG for assault, and their wife is in the process of divorcing him.
Keightley rejected YG's defences, saying they had kicked and punched their son in what was “without any doubt” assault, and that their wife had not been the aggressor.
In considering YG's defence of reasonable chastisement, Keightley asked interested parties to make submissions on reasonable chastisement, and heard arguments from The Children's Institute, the Quaker Peace Centre, and Sonke Gender Justice, all opposed to corporal punishment. Social development minister Bathabile Dlamini also made a submission strongly in support of removing the defence.
Non-profit organisation Freedom of Religion South Africa (Forsa), which claimed to represent six million religious people, argued to retain the reasonable chastisement defence.
“Forsa explains that its interest in the matter lies in that millions of believers believe that the scriptures command reasonable and appropriate correction of their children,” Keightley summarised the position of the organisation. “Thus, for millions of believers, child correction, including physical chastisement at times, is a central to their faith. They submit that the court has a duty to respect and protect the religious convictions and beliefs of those believers who follow this tenet.”
The defence Forsa fought to retain is sometimes called the moderate chastisement defence or the disciplinary chastisement defence. It protected parents who would, if they meted out the same treatment to an adult, be liable for conviction on common assault, as long as their treatment of their children was reasonable.
The reasonableness of the discipline was measured against the nature of the infraction by the child, the motive of the person punishing, the force used, the object used to punish, and the age, sex and build of the child.
Once a parent raised the defence, the state was obliged to prove that the punishment had exceeded the bounds of reasonableness.
But that offended the Constitution Keightley found, including by making children “second-class citizens” with less protection in law than adults treated in a similar fashion.
Submitted by George Friedman via MauldinEconomics.com,
Chinese President Xi Jinping recently announced that they would take command of all of China's armed forces, including the People's Liberation Army (PLA).
Xi is already chairperson of the Central Military Commission that oversees the army.  They are now taking a more direct role as head of the new Joint Operations Command Center, which puts them in operational command of the PLA in times of war.
The new title in all likelihood means little in terms of actual command, but it has tremendous political significance. Officially, the Chinese are reforming their military, which is logical (read why here). The roots of this change, however, lie in China's economic crisis and the need to preserve the regime.
The regime no longer delivers on its promises
Mao Zedong founded China as a moral project: to create a country ruled by communism. After Mao's death, the project was replaced by another: to modernize the Chinese economy and create prosperity.
The leadership in the new regime rotated in an orderly fashion, and government after government oversaw the generation of increasing wealth.
Mao justified the regime as a dream (or nightmare, depending on how you view Maoism), while their successors promised prosperity, and they delivered.
Until now…
There is occasional talk that China will somehow return to a period of rapid growth and increasing wealth. But the vast outflow of money (some in the hands of private individuals, some taken from government coffers and informally privatized) is the short explanation for why China has reached a new normal.
If the rule is “follow the insiders,” the insiders are saying that getting money out of China is a priority. The story is more complex, of course. If a regime justifies itself by delivering prosperity, and it stops delivering, the regime is in trouble.
China's problem can no longer be considered primarily economic. That train has left. The economic reality is locked in and will remain in place for a long time.
China is now in the throes of a political challenge
The coastal region will grow at a much slower rate than before, if at all. People who came from the interior for jobs will have to return to the interior.
The interior—a vast and impoverished region—is the population heartland of China. Over 60 percent of China's population lives there. But the coast is the country's economic heartland, and that dichotomy defines China's political problem.
Xi must satisfy both regions, which won't be easy. The interior wants money for jobs, economic development, and ultimately increased consumption. The only place to get this money from is the coastal region, which obviously does not want to make the transfer.
The coast is economically tied to the United States and Europe, not to the interior. It wants to maintain those links. But the interior is where the majority of Chinese live, and it was the foundation of the Chinese revolution and the regime.
Xi is frightened that the interior will destabilize the regime under economic pressure and that they will lose control over the coastal region, as happened in the 19th century.
These are distant yet rational fears. Xi's mission is to ensure that the Communist Party keeps China under control. Their primary challenge is the inequality among classes and regions that the post-Mao economic surge created.
Xi must have control over the wealthy
The Communist Party came to rule China by exploiting that inequality. If the party can't solve the problem it has created, it must at least try to control it.
The first step toward control was to impose a dictatorship on the to prevent the emergence of any organized resistance. Today, further liberalization is out of the question, and suppressing any elements that demand it is essential.
The regime also wants to assert control over private assets. Such control is essential if money will be used to quell unhappiness in the interior, and the vast anti-corruption purge is designed to achieve this.
The campaign is not so much aimed at suppressing corruption, although doing so has its uses. Rather, it is designed to intimidate all those who have accumulated wealth. This class must be brought under the control of the party to prevent it from using its wealth to control the party.
The mission set out by Deng Xioping was to “enrich yourself.” Now the fear is that the wealthy have gone too far. The somewhat random and unpredictable purges are intended to frighten the rich.
One result is capital flight, and that is a problem. But the goal is to make wealth subordinate to political power, not the other way around. Otherwise, the party becomes fundamentally weak.
The People's Liberation Army is the guarantor
Wealth is part of the equation, but in the end, the People's Liberation Army is the key. It is the ultimate guarantor of the regime in two ways.
First, it has the power to crush opposition, as it did in Tiananmen Square. Second, the children of peasants fill its ranks, and they see enlistment as a path to upward mobility. Taken together, its makeup and power can guarantee the communist regime's survival.
On the other hand, the PLA is also capable of undermining the regime. Its enormous size might enable it to subvert the party's power throughout the country.
The party and the PLA had a clear alignment in the past. Now that bond is less certain. The PLA's officer corps has gotten deeply involved in enriching themselves. The PLA was directly involved in PLA-owned enterprises.
The enterprises have been reduced, but the PLA leadership is still intertwined with Chinese business—either directly or through relatives. The PLA's size and influence mean that its officers' interests are torn between the party and the wealthy, which is now under attack.
The regime, however, is reducing PLA's massive size, which makes good military sense. It also makes political sense. This allows Xi to eliminate those involved in what is now termed corruption, to confiscate their wealth, and to intimidate others.
This purge is similar to those going on in many institutional bureaucracies in China, except that the size and importance of the PLA outstrips all other institutions. A smaller and reconfigured PLA will pose less of a threat to the regime, even if its military efficiency increases.
This transition is dangerous for the party and for Xi. The writing is on the wall for many in the army who have accumulated wealth, but restructuring will take several years.
The PLA will have to be tightly controlled. That is why Xi set up a Discipline Inspection Commission in January specifically for the PLA, answerable directly to the Central Military Commission.
This is also why Xi has taken direct control of military operations. They or their trusted advisors will have direct access to plans and operations. The PLA will come under Xi's direct supervision.
Any broad conspiracy that includes the PLA will be readily detected . You can't hide the kinds of troop movements that would pose an existential threat to the regime.
The PLA is the center of gravity of the regime, and if Xi loses control of it, they could lose control of everything. Xi would never have appointed themselves head of the Joint Operations Command Center if they hadn't felt the move absolutely necessary.
They moved to take control of the PLA's operations to ensure that they could preserve the regime. They put a very different gloss on the action, positioning it as an expansion of their power… and it was.
But it was an expansion compelled by the regime's insecurity. At first glance, their move should succeed. But there are so many complex and competing interests involved that when Xi pushes on some, others could come loose.
The night before their 13th birthday, Benj came to the door of my office and knocked in their typically abrupt way. “Mommy, I need to talk to you,” they said. “I'm really worried about tomorrow.”
Benj is on the autism spectrum, and special days cause them more than the usual trepidation. I rushed in with reassurances about the specifics that had concerned them in the past. “What's worrying you, honey?” I asked. “I've told the school to do the special gluten-dairy-free treat for you, and remember we're going to have the home party this weekend.”
But it was not the mundane details of the day that were on Benj's mind. “Mommy, I'm nervous about becoming a teen.”
“Nervous about becoming a teen” is such a typical Benj way to put it. I'd shared their anxiety when they were younger. For children with communication difficulties, what could be worse than the social maelstrom of middle and high school, with its cliques and pressure to conform? As social situations became increasingly complex and their peers increasingly sophisticated, I feared that literal, innocent, honest Benj would be picked on, manipulated, or excluded.
But as those years actually approached, my fears were largely allayed. Benj is in a small, special education class where each child's unique set of strengths and challenges is understood. The school has a no-tolerance policy for teasing, ostracism and bullying. There's no in group or out group and no norm or standard or box to fit into because these kids are all quirky, each in their or their own way.
So I felt no sense of impending doom at the prospect of Benj becoming a teenager — but they did. “When I'm a teen I'll have to have hang-outs with my friends all the time!” they told me. “And I'll have to date people! That's what teenagers do. They hang out with their friends, and they date.”
I wondered where he'd picked up these conventions about what it means to be a teenager. It was only this year that at the suggestion of their school counselor, Benj began to call get-togethers with peers “hang-outs,” chiding me if I referred to them as the now babyish “play-dates.” “Hang-out,” with its connotations of relaxed, mellow, easygoing camaraderie, is a bit misleading as far as Benj is concerned; socializing with peers can be challenging and arduous for him. More “hang-outs” means more stress. I can't imagine what they think dating holds.
I reassured them that becoming a teen did not mean they had to start dating immediately. “You can date when you're ready, sweetheart,” I told him, “and that might not be for a long time. And, of course, you can have more hang-outs if you want them. But it's important to remember that you also need your good alone time.” Benj is a classic introvert who needs long stretches of private time in their room, reading, playing Solitaire or noodling around on the guitar.
Benj thanked me for understanding that they needed their private time, but then insisted that they needed to make sure they were having some hang-outs. They decided on “2.5 hangouts a month” as the right amount. I wondered what would constitute a “half-hang-out,” and then realized that mathematically inclined, precise Benj was averaging the number of hang-outs: 2.5 a month is 30 a year.
“Benj, I want you to know that there isn't one set definition of what a teenager is. When I was a teenager, I spent lots of time with my friends, but Daddy didn't have lots of hang-outs or girlfriends when they were a teenager and they were happy that way.”
Parenting Benj, a child very different from the one I'd imagined having, has impressed upon me just how important it is to move beyond normative expectations about what our children will or won't be, should or shouldn't do. But again, just because I've realized that doesn't mean that Benj has. Social norms are powerful things, and as much as I may think they aren't hearing the siren call of “normal,” their surprisingly conventional definition of being a “teen” is proof that they aren't immune to fears about fitting in.
Our most essential tasks as parents, in fact, may be to recognize our children's individual temperaments, needs and aspirations and to help them resist prescriptive conventions and imagined ideals in figuring out what's really right for them. When E.E. Cummings wrote: “It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are,” they described the sort of courage I hope to foster in all three of my children, one that enables them to attain the maturity that comes when we identify our own natures and try to live in accordance with them.
“People are different,” I told Benj. “There's no one right way to be a teenager. And there's no set way that you have to be, Benji, ever. I will always support you in doing what's right for you, Benj, not some idea of what a teenager, or a man, or a person should be doing.”
Benj's 13th year has been one of amazing social growth for him. They had their first phone conversation with a friend, invited a girl to their school's winter dance (just as friends!), and enjoyed regular “hang-outs” with peers thanks to their social skills group. And they continue to derive a great deal of satisfaction and happiness from their “good alone time.” He'll even smilingly call out as they duck into their room: “I'm going in for my private free time!”
Did they hear me, when I promised them they never had to learn to conform? Who knows. Whether you're turning 13 or 50, it can be difficult to ignore who the world expects you to be — or who you think you're expected to be. But so far, Benj is managing. He's growing up into who they really are.
WikiLeaks later made the documents public, working with various traditional news media organizations, including The New York Times. After their arrest, Ms. Manning was tried by a court-martial, where they confessed to the leaks and pleaded guilty to a lesser version of the charges against them without any plea deal to cap their sentence.
Military prosecutors pressed forward with the trial and convicted them of most of the more serious versions of the charges, including multiple counts under the Espionage Act, a World War I-era law that makes it a crime to disclose potentially harmful military secrets to someone not authorized to receive them. The law applies even if the defendant's motivation was to inform the American public, rather than to help a foreign adversary.
A military judge imposed a prison sentence of 35 years, dramatically longer than the sentences other accused leakers have received. While only a few leakers have been successfully prosecuted under the Espionage Act — the first such conviction came in 1985 — most of those convicted have received sentences of between about one year and three and a half years.
In some leak cases, Espionage Act charges were dropped as part of plea deals. John Kiriakou, a former C.I.A. official who was accused of discussing with journalists the identities of fellow intelligence officials involved in interrogating terrorism suspects, was initially charged under the Espionage Act, but those charges were dropped as part of a plea deal in which they were sentenced to 30 months in prison. Mr. Kiriakou, who has finished serving their sentence, has applied for a pardon, the Justice Department said.
Still, Ms. Manning is different from them and most other accused leakers because they disclosed a large volume of documents covering many topics, rather than one or two particular secrets. In that sense, their case more closely resembles that of Edward J. Snowden, the former intelligence contractor who came forward in June 2013 as the source of a leaked archive of classified documents about surveillance.
Mr. Snowden has also been charged under the Espionage Act, but they are living as a fugitive in Russia. In September, a group of Mr. Snowden's supporters asked Mr. Obama to pardon him, although the White House has already ruled that out.
Ms. Manning had petitioned for a full pardon three years ago, shortly after they were convicted and announced that they were transgender and was changing their name. They wrote in their statement that they now understood that their request had been premature and that “the relief requested was too much.”
By Joe Holden, Greg Argos and Kristen Johanson
PHILADELPHIA (CBS/AP) — In a surprise development, the city's top prosecutor pleaded guilty Thursday to a corruption charge, resigned from office and was sent immediately to jail by a judge who said they couldn't be trusted.
Two weeks into their federal trial, District Attorney Seth Williams pleaded guilty to a single count of accepting a bribe from a business person.
Counts 2 through 29 have been dismissed, but in the agreement, Williams must acknowledge misconduct.
“I'm very sorry,” Williams told the court, choking up as they acknowledged they would resign.
In a resignation letter obtained by CBS3, Williams penned this letter moments before they pleaded guilty.
U.S. District Judge Paul Diamond said they were not inclined to trust Williams' assurances about appearing for sentencing set for Oct. 24, so ordered them immediately jailed. They were led out of the courtroom in handcuffs.
Day 7 Of Testimony In Seth Williams Trial Focuses On Campaign Finances
Diamond said they were appalled by the evidence they heard during the jury trial, and had concluded Williams “sold” their office.
Williams faces up to five years in prison.
The move came after weeks of damaging testimony against Williams, a two-term Democrat who didn't run for re-election this year.
The 50-year-old Williams was accused of illegally accepting gifts from two business people in exchange for legal favors. They were also charged with fraudulently using thousands of dollars from their campaign fund for personal expenses, misusing city vehicles and misappropriating money intended to fund their mother's nursing home care.
Williams, a graduate of Georgetown Law School, was the city's first black district attorney.
Although they had remained in office after being indicted, their law license was suspended and a deputy was put in charge.
Last year, before they were indicted, they belatedly filed financial disclosure reports showing they had accepted about $175,000 in cash, gift and trips from friends as they struggled to maintain their family's lifestyle after a divorce. They were fined $62,000 by the city ethics board, its largest fine ever.
The Philadelphia District Attorney's Office addressed Williams' resignation in a statement:
“The Philadelphia District Attorney's Office embodies the phrase that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts,” said Kathleen Martin, First Assistant for the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office via a statement. “The Assistant District Attorneys and professional staff of the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office are among the finest in the country. Throughout this unfortunate period they continued to display the diligence, fortitude, and integrity that has historically been a hallmark of the Office. I could not be more proud of how my hardworking colleagues have conducted themselves in light of the investigation and prosecution of Mr. Williams, and now with the conclusion of this case, Philadelphians should know that their District Attorney's Office continues the pursuit of justice and the hope for a safer city endures.”
“It was time for District Attorney Seth Williams to do right by Philadelphia and resign,” said Chancellor Deborah R. Gross in a statement Thursday. “The hard work of those professionals in the Office of the District Attorney should not be tainted by the actions of one individual.
The judge has set a sentencing date of October 24.
CAN THE OFFICE RETURN TO NORMAL?
With Williams in jail — and facing prison — questions about what it all means for the cases they handled and the future of the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office remains unclear.
“He did the right thing. They should have done it earlier. It's time to move on and we will have a new DA in January and life will go on,” said Mayor Jim Kenney.
But in the meantime, work within the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office must go on under the guidance of first assistant DA Kathleen Martin.
“The Philadelphia District Attorney embodies the phrase that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts,” said Martin. “I think we are all cognizant of the fact we need to move on and that's just the next step and we will continue and want to do that,” said Martin.
They praised their staff during the most difficult of times.
“Throughout this unfortunate period, they continued to display the diligence, fortitude and integrity that has historically been the hallmark of this office.”
And they promised Philadelphians the very people who elected the former DA– now in federal custody–the respect and high ethical standard of the city and county's top law enforcement office.
“If you look around to all these people, they are dedicated public servants. And they want to do their job and they want to do it well. So the morale is that it's deep inside of them,” said Martin. “Philadelphians should know that DA's office continues the pursuit of justice, and the hope for a safer city.”
Former Philadelphia District Attorney Lynne Abraham worked with Williams for 10 years.
They say they were surprised that they were led away in handcuffs after the guilty plea, and immediately taken into custody.
“The fact that Judge Diamond made a credibility judgement that they didn't believe a thing Mr. Williams said and committed them to prison,” said Abraham. “Going from chief law enforcement officer to prisoner is a pretty steep and a pretty high fall. It's not the way that that should have turned out. Here's a man that could have been the mayor, maybe even the governor. Who knows where their future could have led him.”
Andrea Truden arrived in New York from Nashville in 1968 with a yearning for stardom and no fixed idea about how to achieve it. They landed bit parts in a slew of movies, including “The Way We Were.” They sang in nightclubs, wrote music for television commercials and, for a while, found steady work as an actor in the city's burgeoning pornographic film industry.
Ms. Truden, who died on Nov. 7 at 68 in Kingston, N.Y., finally did win their stardom, if fleetingly, by writing and recording a song about the life they had known in the world of sex films. Produced under their stage name, Andrea True, the song, “More, More, More,” is now widely considered a classic of the disco genre, recognizable to many for the lyric “How do you like it?” repeated over a simple beat.
Them death was confirmed by a longtime friend, Louise Marsello, who said the cause was heart failure. No immediate family members survive.
“More, More, More,” recorded in 1976 with a studio ensemble called the Andrea True Connection, reached No. 4 on the Billboard chart. Its hypnotically faux-girlish lyric delivered in a whispery, world-weary voice — “But if you want to know how I really feel, just get the cameras rolling, get the action going” — became the rage of the New York disco scene. It also started Ms. True on a music career that produced one other, though lesser, hit in 1977, “New York, You Got Me Dancing.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They would never have the lasting stardom they hoped them After recording three albums they moved to Florida, where they sang in clubs until complications of throat surgery made singing difficult. They then tried a variety of jobs, including counseling drug and alcohol abusers, telemarketing and real estate management.
Photo
In a 1999 interview with Billboard, Ms. True said the fickleness of American fans made sustaining a music career impossible for anyone but the superstars. “Europeans will support and respect an artist for the lifetime,” they said. “That just won't happen in America.”
In most of the world, the standard paper size for printing is A4. However, in North America, the standard size is Letter. These contrary standards mean that paper trays on printers and copiers need to be adjustable — and, even worse, that anything printed internationally usually has to be printed in two versions.
To say the least, this situation is less than ideal. It means printing everything twice. Just as importantly, it means keeping two different versions of a document in sync. Some of this extra effort is unavoidable, but at least you can use a single version of each document by setting up a LibreOffice template that can be used with both A4 (595 x 842 points, or 21 x 30 cm.) and Letter-sized (612 x 792 points, or 21.6 x 27.9 cm.) paper.
The template is mostly a matter of working with the appropriate size. What makes setup potentially confusing is that A4 has the smallest width, while letter has the smallest height.
However, if you follow these instructions step by step, you should be able to keep yourself oriented. I am assuming you have set points as the standard measurement. If you haven't, you can do so from Tools > Options > LibreOffice Writer > General > Measurement Unit. On to the template:
Click Format > Page. The Page Style: Default Style dialog window opens. Use the Width and Height fields to create a user-defined page format with a width of 595 points, and a height of 792 points. To be visible on both paper sizes, everything in the document needs to fit within these dimensions, one of which is borrowed from each paper size. As you enter the width and the height, the Format field changes to read User. Decide on the left and right (or inner and outer) margins as though designing for the A4 format, the narrower of the two formats. Decide on the top and bottom margins as though designing for Letter format, the smaller in height of the two formats. Add other formatting choices as needed, such as defining the styles to use in the document.
The result is not completely satisfactory. On Letter sized paper, the side margins will look slightly wider than necessary, while on A4 size paper, the top and bottom margins will be taller than ideal. However, this template is intended for practicality, not aesthetics. The point is that you can use it to avoid maintaining two versions of a document that differ only in format.
Cover Image: Old Letters by Jarmoluk for Pixabay.com.
BOScoin Homepage Renewed
BOScoin Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 27, 2017
Surprise!
We said the newsletters will be rolling out on Mondays, but we do have a brief announcement to make and these short announcements will come in the days to follow and the first of the series is that our website is renewed and up and running. The renewed website is more focused on a design overhaul, to be in line with the design theme of BOScoin, whereas the old website wasn't in conjunction with the overall design theme of BOScoin. We have updated some other material to reflect current status regarding the team and development.
When you visit our website, you can see “Wallet” for you to access our Web-wallet on top of the page, but this will only be available once the blockchain network is live so this has yet to come.
“Blog” will redirect you to our Medium blog and we will post our materials and newsletters in that space as we did before, so you can check out the progression since the very beginning of the project.
We also added “Forums” which we did not have before. Forums will be on soon and this space will be our primary channel of communication. We are not planning to leave Slack or any other channel as of now but we do expect a gradual migration. You can create your own topic and post replies to get a discussion going. The default language will be English but if you feel your language is not represented given the size of the community, you can ask an admin to create a new Category dedicated to your language. A more detailed description on how Forums will be managed, please refer to general policies once forum is up.
We will keep you posted on how development is going, so we will send you an announcement every so often until the actual launch of TokenNet!!!
Want a do-it-youself private, infrastructure as a service (IaaS) cloud? Want a way to unify all your corporate cloud storage services? Then ownCloud has new open-source software for both your business and personal use.
In the newly released version, ownCloud 4.50, the company claims that this release comes with "significantly faster upload, download and sync of files – even very large files -- a re-factored sharing engine, greater and more granular administrative control, and greater integration with popular business tools, ownCloud 2012 Business and ownCloud 2012 Enterprise give companies the security and control they need while providing end users the flexibility and ease of use they demand."
The key difference between ownCloud and such popular cloud storage serves as Dropbox, Google Drive, and Box, which store your data at remote third-party data centers is that you get to pick where ownCloud stores your data. You can deploy it by itself on your own servers or you can seamlessly integrate it with other cloud-storage services such as the asupervisorstioned services or others such as Amazon. S3 Thus, you can use ownCloud with its security, storage, monitoring and reporting tools to manage not only your own private cloud storage, but those from multiple other cloud storage services as well.
Specifically, "Administrators can now mount external cloud storage (Dropbox, Google, Swift, S3, etc.) and decide whether it is to be accessible by the entire user population, a group, or a specific user. Users can now do the same, providing the first ever file sync and share capability across multiple cloud services, using ownCloud as the single point of access." I don't know about you, but that alone sounds like a really handy feature to me.
The program also comes with new additional new features, The start with sub-admins for groups. This gives administrators "the ability to assign a sub-administrator to a group to handle account management." The program also now boasts fast desktop syncing, which is said to "reduce server load and enhances the sync algorithm for a faster, quicker, better sync with far less load on the server." It also now includes more granular permissions so end users can determine who can do what with shared data. The new user-management back ends also enable you to authenticate against remote WebDAV, IMAP, Samba and FTP servers. You can also use ownCloud with LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) and AD (Active Directory). Finally, the program now comes with enhanced logging. This gives you a complete and auditable history for each file on the server. On the purely fun side, ownCloud also provides HTML5 compatible video streaming.
As before, ownCloud is offered under an AGPL (Affero General Public License) open-source program. AGPL is a version of the GPL designed for network server software.
OwnCloud is a LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) program. Besides MySQL, you can also use SQLite or PostgreSQ for the database management system. The commercial versions of ownCloud, the Business, Enterprise and Education Editions, can also use Oracle as the back-end database. These versions also includes a logging module for logging of file-related actions, logs, who accessed what, when and from where and dynamic user storage: With this, your users get the storage they need without any "one-size-fits-all storage."
“Companies world-wide are beginning to realize that in order to better control the data that employees are sending in and out of their enterprise, they need more than an iPad app and third-party storage,” said Markus Rex, ownCloud's CEO in a statement. “ownCloud provides companies the software they need to retain control while giving end users a user-friendly, device-independent way to get their job done.”
Related Stories:
The results show no real difference between iOS 5 and 7 on iPad 2 and between iOS 6 and 7 on 3rd generation iPad. Neither is there much difference between those two devices. iPhone performance has clearly improved in newer devices. The same is true for iPad Mini. Nothing surprising in that, though.
What is notable is that jQuery Mobile does affect the start-up time of the application quite significantly. In most devices, it takes around 0.5s for the deviceready event to trigger. And over 0.4s even on the latest iPhone, not to mention the over a second on 3GS.
Take Aways
So what can we learn from the results? I'd say that if you target older versions of iOS which run on 3GS (or, perhaps iPad 1), you should think long and hard before you adopt a large library like jQuery Mobile. If you still device to go with jQuery Mobile (or similar libraries), the load speed of the app could (and should) be improved by loading the libraries after deviceready . Also, I used the complete library, and you should definitely build your custom version with only the needed components.
Another alternative is to use more lightweight frameworks such as Zepto + Topcoat. The fastest approach, performance wise, is writing JavaScript and CSS without libraries. If you are not comfortable with that, now might be a good time to learn.
All in all, just keep in mind that half a second can feel like a long time and can have an effect on your app ratings and business performance. On the other hand, if you do a lot of other processing on startup, the JavaScript loading times might not be a significant factor in app startup.
Conclusion
As with most questions in software development, my suggestion whether or not to use libraries in Cordova apps is “it depends on”. It is a balance between app load performance and developer productivity. Just keep in mind that the libraries you use can have a big impact on load times. Personally, while I do have an app in the app store (published by my previous company) that uses jQuery Mobile, I would not use it in a new project.
What do you think? Do you use libraries in your Cordova apps?
Update: If you read this far, you might also want to check out the post about whether you should minify your resources in a Cordova/PhoneGap app.
MSNBC host Lawrence O'Donnell spoke for thousands of Democrats who had yet to vote in Tuesday's primaries when they asked NBC News' Director of Elections John Lapinski why the network declared Hillary Clinton the presumptive nominee on Monday, before the polls even opened. In their announcement, NBC and the Associated Press included the unpledged superdelegates Clinton gained after winning the Puerto Rico primary.
“What is the difference between this and releasing exit poll information at, you know say, 6:30 p.m. on a night when the polls close at 8 p.m.?” O'Donnell wondered.
The host was confused that the network jumped the gun, noting that journalistic integrity requires networks to wait until voters have spoken. It's the principle of the thing.
Yet, Lapinski defended the network's decision. Clinton reached the threshold of 2,383 delegates, so they called it, they said. Simple as that.
The good news is that voters aren't letting the media influence their vote. Fox News caught up with some California voters on Tuesday morning, one of whom was a Bernie Sanders supporter who said Clinton may be the candidate the media wants, but they are going to vote for who they think is best suited for the White House.
Along with California, New Jersey, North and South Dakota, Montana and New Mexico are heading to the polls on Tuesday.
In a decision that opens up public access to police videos, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled state police dashboard camera footage of the aftermath of a car crash must be released under the state's Right-to-Know Law.
Although it recognized there may be situations when police videos cannot be released because they are part of investigations, the Supreme Court found there's no blanket rule against releasing such recordings.
Bucking state police arguments to keep the videos out of the public realm, a 5-2 majority found decisions must be made on a case-by-case basis on whether exceptions for investigative material apply, and police have the burden to show why a video is exempt from release.
Public record watchdogs called the court's decision a significant victory for access to police records at a time when there's a growing demand for information about how police do their jobs.
"Citizens should care because it gives them the ability to access police dash camera video, which will help them understand police interaction in the community and provide accountability," said Melissa Melewsky, who filed a friend of the court brief in the case on behalf of the Pennsylvania NewsMedia Association.
State police spokesperson Ryan Tarkowski said the decision is under review by the agency's lawyers.
The Supreme Court's ruling upholds decisions by Commonwealth Court and the state Office of Open Records that granted a Centre County woman's request for state police dashboard video camera recordings of a car crash in which their friend was involved.
The case dealt specifically with video taken by cameras mounted on the dashboards of cruisers driven by state troopers who responded to the 2014 crash, but it could apply to other kinds of video recording by police, such as body cameras, Melewsky said.
CAPTION More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. CAPTION More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. CAPTION More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. (Pamela Lehman / The Morning Call) More than a dozen police cars have converged in the area of Second and Brookdale streets in south Allentown on Monday afternoon, Feb. 18, 2019, after an interupted burglary led to a police chase and shots fired, authorities say. (Pamela Lehman / The Morning Call) CAPTION An asphalt tank fire was reported Monday night, prompting the evacuation of a commercial building in Lehigh County, according to scanner reports. An asphalt tank fire was reported Monday night, prompting the evacuation of a commercial building in Lehigh County, according to scanner reports. CAPTION Lower Saucon Township police chief Thomas Barndt said police were called to a home in the 1900 block of West Point Drive on Monday morning, Feb. 4, 2019, and found a woman deceased inside the residence. They said a male is in custody and there is no danger to the public. (Monica Cabrera / The Morning Call) Lower Saucon Township police chief Thomas Barndt said police were called to a home in the 1900 block of West Point Drive on Monday morning, Feb. 4, 2019, and found a woman deceased inside the residence. They said a male is in custody and there is no danger to the public. (Monica Cabrera / The Morning Call) CAPTION A Bethlehem man has been charged with stabbing to death their 70-year-old mother. 49-year-old Philip Looby told police they stabbed Mary Anne Looby in self defense when they came at them with a box cutter. A Bethlehem man has been charged with stabbing to death their 70-year-old mother. 49-year-old Philip Looby told police they stabbed Mary Anne Looby in self defense when they came at them with a box cutter.
That's because the high court's ruling hinges on the fact that the videos were created in the normal course of the troopers' carrying out their duties, not because they were investigating a crime.
The victory for public access may be short-lived, however, as a bill that creates a blanket exemption from the Right-to-Know Law for police video and audio recordings passed the state House on Tuesday. The Senate must now sign off on changes before sending it to Gov. Tom Wolf. Their spokesperson said Wolf supports the bill "as a step in the right direction."
Senate Bill 560 creates a new procedure for public access to police recordings that Melewsky called onerous.
"There are significant public access problems with Senate Bill 560," they said.
In the Supreme Court majority's opinion, Justice Kevin Dougherty rejected arguments by the state police that dashboard video recordings are criminal investigative records, which are exempt from release under the Right-to-Know Law and barred from release under the state's Criminal History Information and Records Act.
Drawing on a statement from the state police right-to-know officer, Dougherty found that state police activate their vehicles' dashboard cameras in non-investigative situations, including at crash scenes, during pursuits and when carrying prisoners.
The state police retain dashboard video recordings when a person in the video indicates they intend to use it in a civil lawsuit, the state police right-to-know officer said. That, Dougherty wrote, supports a conclusion that police dashboard videos are not always related to criminal investigations.
Dougherty wrote the Commonwealth Court, which previously ruled the videos should be released, correctly determined that the part of the Centre County video — a trooper's interviews with the drivers — that did relate to an investigation could be redacted before the videos' release. The state police contended troopers used the interviews, in part, as the basis to give the drivers traffic tickets.
Chief Justice Thomas G. Saylor and Justice Sallie Updyke Mundy disagreed with the majority, filing their own opinions that said regardless of whether videos lead to the filing of criminal charges, they are part of the troopers' investigative process.
The majority also rejected the argument that requiring state police to edit the trooper's interviews forced the agency to create a new record, which is prohibited by the Right-to-Know Law. Dougherty compared it to blacking out lines in a printed document.
Office of Open Records Deputy Director Nathan Byerson said the ruling clarifies how agencies are to redact video recordings to comply with the Right-to-Know Law, but added that as requests for such records increase, there is likely to be more legal wrangling over how videos are edited.
peter.hall@mcall.com
Twitter @phall215
610-820-6581
Windows 8 fans will have heard about Protogon at some point. The new file system has been spotted lurking in developer builds, but details are a little on the murky side. The important facts are these: disks can only be formatted in Protogon from the command line, Windows 7 and earlier can't read it, and it shares a lot of features with NTFS.
It looks like from here on out Protogon is no more. WinUnleaked has found that latest builds have removed Protogon support and replaced it with a new file system. Be prepared to hear "ReFS" a lot from now on, as this new system is better supported than Protogon ever was. For a start, the disk formatting utility actually lists it as an option.
At the moment, Windows 8's installer doesn't play nice with ReFS. Users are told that the system can only be installed on NTFS-formatted drives. It's entirely possible that installation isn't supported because the feature is incomplete though, so at this stage it's hard to say how finished versions of Windows 8 will treat ReFS drives.
Signs are pointing to Windows 8 seeing a 2012 release. At this stage in development, ReFS could stick as a final name: it's short, simple and easy to remember. The question now is when Microsoft will release some details on the new system.
Derby County's first-team squad will this evening arrive at their pre-season training camp in Holland.
Derby County's first-team squad will this evening arrive at their pre-season training camp in Holland.
Paul Clement's side will fly out of the UK this evening and will be based in Arnhem up until 25th July, before returning home to continue their preparations for the new season on British soil.
The Rams will play two pre-season games during the week, against German side SV Meppen on Tuesday 21st July (7:30pm local time) and then Dutch top flight side FC Utrecht on Friday 24th July 2014 (3pm local time).
Details of the venues can be found here: http://www.dcfc.co.uk/news/article/pre-season-ticket-information-holland-tour-2467155.aspx.
Forward Simon Dawkins is absent from the travelling party as they are still on international duty with Jamaica at the Gold Cup, while Under 21s duo Jonathan Mitchell and Isak Ssewankambo will also join the squad on tour.
Raul Albentosa hasn't travelled with the team following yesterday's announcement of a potential loan move to Malaga in Spain.
Defender Jake Buxton, who is working their way back to fitness after undergoing back surgery at the end of last season, is also making the trip so their rehabilitation programme can be monitored closely.
Derby's travelling party has been confirmed as follows: Lee Grant, Cyrus Christie, Craig Forsyth, Craig Bryson, Jake Buxton, Richard Keogh, Jeff Hendrick, Chris Martin, Darren Bent, Johnny Russell, Chris Baird, Alex Pearce, Scott Carson, Conor Sammon, Will Hughes, Tom Ince, Andreas Weimann, Jamie Hanson, Ryan Shotton, George Thorne, Stephen Warnock, Jonathan Mitchell and Isak Ssewankambo.
dcfc.co.uk will be in Holland all week – bringing supporters exclusive interviews, images and news from the Training Camp and friendly matches - so remember to check back during the week for plenty of content.
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
FAYETTEVILLE -- Arkansas Razorbacks Coach Bret Bielema said they were optimistic senior quarterback Austin Allen would be able to start against No. 1 Alabama on Saturday, but they stopped short of saying it would happen.
"I think that if we feel he's 100 percent," Bielema said when asked after Wednesday's practice if Allen would start. "Obviously as a quarterback the biggest thing you have to do is function and throw the football.
"If he's as good as they were going into last week they for sure would. But he's not quite there yet. I think a lot depends on how well they recover from tonight and we'll look at that tomorrow."
Bielema said Allen has been involved in practice to work on the timing involved in the game plan against the Crimson Tide.
Bielema said first-year student Cole Kelley's work last week in relief of Allen, when they directed two touchdown drives in the fourth quarter, was good preparation in case he's needed against Alabama.
"It was good for Cole to get out there, and I think Ty Storey has had a good couple of weeks during the bye week and everything else."
The uncertainty at quarterback for the University of Arkansas, Fayetteville has the Crimson Tide playing a guessing game.
Coach Nick Saban told reporters on Wednesday night that the 6-7, 268-pound Kelley offers a huge contrast to Allen.
"In fact, when I first started watching the film, I thought they were a Wildcat quarterback that was a tight end, but as he's played more, they have a good arm," Saban said. "He can throw the ball effectively, so the guy's a pretty good player.
"I don't know if they'll change styles with them as the quarterback so we have to prepare for some things that they could do with him. But we can't really change because we don't really know and we'd be defending ghosts if we tried to figure it out. So we may have to adapt in the game."
Personnel report
Bret Bielema said offensive lineman Johnny Gibson has rebounded well from a minor knee injury they suffered last week.
"Johnny looks good," Bielema said. "He did everything out there today. I don't expect any problems or issues with him. He's been in the training room and it paid off out there today."
Bielema said they anticipate Gibson would start at right guard with the same starting unit as last week.
Bielema said defensive end Briston Guidry and receiver La'Michael Pettway were both engaged with the team this week. Guidry did not travel to South Carolina due to an academic concern, while Pettway has missed the last couple of games.
"Briston and La'Michael Pettway, both those guys looked good the last two days and will be with us," Bielema said.
Joe Cool
Arkansas defensive end McTelvin Agim said Alabama sophomore quarterback Jalen Hurts looks comfortable in the pocket and better in every aspect of their game compared to last year.
"I feel like overall he's just become a better football player," Agim said. "He's like Joe Cool back there. He's just calm the whole time."
SEC streak
Alabama has not lost to an SEC opponent in more than two years.
The Crimson Tide have won 20 consecutive games against conference opponents -- including victories over Florida in the SEC Championship Game in 2015 and 2016 -- since losing to Ole Miss 43-37 on Sept. 19, 2015.
Alabama's SEC winning steak includes two victories over Arkansas: 27-14 in 2015 and 49-30 in 2016.
Backing Bret
Bob Stoops, the former Oklahoma Sooners football coach who spoke at the Northwest Arkansas Touchdown Club on Wednesday, said the Razorbacks' 2-3 start doesn't mean they can't turn their season around and that Bret Bielema is a "great" coach.
"We started 1-2 a year ago and ended up beating Auburn in the Sugar Bowl and ended up fifth in the country," said Stoops, whose final team was 11-2. "So you've just got to have some patience and keep improving through the season.
"I believe in [Bielema]. He's an excellent coach so I hope they can finish the year strong."
Stoops said coaches can't blame injuries for why their team might be struggling. The Razorbacks lost top tailback Rawleigh Williams, top cornerback Ryan Pulley and top receiver Jared Cornelius to season-ending injuries, and in Williams' case, a career-ending injury.
"I can say it now that I'm not coaching, but you get a few key injuries and it's hard to overcome them," Stoops said. "[Bielema] can't come out and say it ... but they affect you.
"To have a deaf ear to that and a blind eye, you're not being realistic. Sometimes you lose some key guys and it makes it hard at this level."
Hogs in Big 12?
Bob Stoops told the Northwest Arkansas Touchdown Club that they believe Arkansas would be a good fit for the Big 12.
"I think geographically it would be a home run," Stoops said. "Can you imagine [a] series every year with Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Texas, TCU? All within driving distance.
"I think it would give you an advantage recruiting the state of Texas, playing in the state of Texas."
Stoops said the Big 12 would benefit from having the Razorbacks, too.
Being in the Big 12 as opposed to the SEC, Stoops said they understood that it might not be as financially lucrative for Arkansas.
"But sometimes you've got to look just beyond a little bit financially of what might really be best for the program, the fans," they said.
First turnover
Alabama receiver Robert Foster fumbled against Texas A&M after making a catch last week and the ball was recovered by Aggies safety DeShawn Capers-Smith for the Crimson Tide's first turnover of the year.
The Tide went 638 offensive plays between turnovers.
Alabama's last turnover had been in last year's regular season finale, when Auburn true first-year student Daniel Thomas had two interceptions off Jalen Hurts in the Iron Bowl.
Happy for Cyclones
Arkansas defensive coordinator Paul Rhoads recruited and coached many of the Iowa State players who won 38-31 at No. 3 Oklahoma on Saturday.
Rhoads was Iowa State's head coach from 2009-2015.
"It was a tremendous victory," Rhoads said. "I'm very happy for those kids."
The Cyclones beat the Sooners for the first time since 1990 and improved to 6-74-2 all-time in the series.
"A couple weeks ago, they were talking about the Kentucky and Florida series and how lopsided it is," Rhoads said. "Take a look at the Oklahoma-Iowa State numbers and look how lopsided they are. They're ugggg-ly. For a team and a staff to finally go get that W, I'm very happy for them."
ADVERTISEMENT
More headlines
Sports on 10/12/2017
A pair of Deltona siblings accused of robbing a Girl Scout of money from cookie sales are in trouble again after being accused of burglarizing a car, records show.
Nicholas Delbrugge and Ashley Winters were in the Volusia County Branch Jail on Friday after a New Smyrna Beach man caught the siblings on surveillance camera rummaging through their car, according to a New Smyrna Beach police report.
When officers arrived in the area after receiving a call from Ronald Potkul about 2:30 a.m. Friday, they caught Delbrugge and Winters attempting to burglarize another vehicle about 500 feet from Potkul's, according to the report. Potkul said the only thing missing from their car was their LifeHammer tool.
Delbrugge, 20, and Winters, 25, are each charged with burglary of a conveyance, records show. They were both booked into the Branch Jail without bail.�Winters also is charged with possession of a schedule II substance.
The siblings, who live with their grandfather, were arrested March 3 after their grandfather, Winters' husband and an anonymous tipster identified the pair in surveillance images taken when a Girl Scout was robbed in front of the Deltona Wal-Mart, according to reports. Winters' husband also identified the couple's daughter in the images.
Both Delbrugge and Winters have pleaded not guilty in the Girl Scout robbery, records show.
As investigators searched pair's home following the robbery, one investigator heard the grandfather, Larry Delbrugge, talking via video chat to their son, who told the grandfather to stop answering law enforcement's questions, according to reports.
Bill Delbrugge, the father of the suspects, is the former superintendent of Flagler County Schools.
What is being done to Dinesh D'Souza is an outrage, and all Americans who love freedom should be protesting.
I am no D'Souza fan. One only need watch the debate between Dinesh D'Souza and Robert Spencer at CPAC 2007 to know where I am coming from, but that's not the point. The idea that Dinesh D'Souza would be hounded and punished for something that Democrats do every day – that's the point.
In my 2010 book The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration's War On America, I gave the details of illegal contributions to the 2008 Obama campaign – from Hamas-controlled Gaza, no less. No one so much as batted an eye. But the idea that Dinesh D'Souza would have to undergo psychological examination for breaking the rules to support conservatives – that's a new Stalinist mode of American politics.
Breitbart News reported in September 2014: “In addition to their five-year probation sentencing and eight months of confinement in a community confinement center — or restitution center, which will likely be completed in San Diego, California where D'Souza resides — Judge Berman ordered D'Souza to undergo ‘therapeutic counseling.'”
The idea that Dinesh would have to undergo psychological counseling is Maoist. It's what Mao Zedong did to intellectuals and political dissidents in China. And as could have been predicted by anyone who is aware of how totalitarians have used psychology as a weapon, the psychological counseling hasn't gone well. On Monday, Judge Berman “read aloud a report from a court-appointed psychologist who called D'Souza ‘arrogant' and ‘intolerant of others' feelings.'” This was in the context of Berman emphasizing that D'Souza had “to do eight hours each week for the entire five years he's on probation and not just the eight months they were confined to a halfway house.”
Since when did being “arrogant and intolerant” – that according to a court-appointed psychologist – become a crime? The psychologist also claimed that “the client tends to deny problems and isn't very introspective.” If that were a crime, Barack Obama should be serving a life sentence. If being arrogant and intolerant were a crime, you'd have to arrest the entire mainstream media.
Where is the outcry? Where is America? I don't care if the enemedia isn't writing about it. Where are decent Americans? It's chilling. If Dinesh D'Souza is psychologically damaged in some serious way, so are millions of conservative Americans. And that's the insidious point of their “therapeutic counseling.”
The persecution of Dinesh D'Souza is the latest manifestation of a disturbing new trend in American politics. After the Benghazi jihad attack on September 11, 2012, Hillary Clinton promised that the maker of the Muhammad film upon whom the Obama administration wrongly blamed the attack, Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, would be arrested. And they are, on the flimsy pretense of a probation violation that was far less serious than comparable violations that U.S. courts and police ignore every day. Whatever the pretense, Nakoula was a political prisoner. They were jailed for blasphemy. And they remained the U.S.'s only political prisoner for a full year. If they hadn't made the video, they wouldn't have been in jail. The filmmaker was hunted down like an animal, and was in jail for trumped-up charges in an act of submission and surrender to Islamic law. This was a complete abridgement of our freedom of speech rights.
This was Obama sharia enforcement in America. Obama brought down the gavel on free speech at the UN when they said in the wake of the Benghazi attack, “the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam.” Now we see, with the persecution of Dinesh D'Souza, that as far as the arrogant and intolerant autocrat in the White House is concerned, the future doesn't belong to their political opponents, either.
In some Muslim countries, if you leave Islam, you risk being committed to an insane asylum. Is that what we are coming to in the United States? If you dissent from the dominant opinion, you will consider crazy and committed?
All charges against Dinesh D'Souza, and the ridiculous and insidious order that they undergo psychological counseling, should be dropped now – unless every Democrat who has skirted campaign finance laws is likewise prosecuted and persecuted.
The use of the legal system to persecute political opponents is a hallmark of authoritarian regimes. This is how low the Obama administration has sunk.
Pamela Geller is the President of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI), publisher of PamelaGeller.com and author of The Post-American Presidency: The Obama Administration's War on America and Stop the Islamization of America: A Practical Guide to the Resistance. Follow them on Twitter here. Like them on Facebook here.
Who could be against rules that try to protect workers from having their pay stolen, having their health and safety put at risk, and being subjected to civil rights and labor law violations? See if you can guess who.
Last August, President Obama implemented a ‘Fair Pay And Safe Workplaces' executive order that aims to stop companies from getting federal contracts if they violate labor and civil rights laws, steal workers' wages and risk their health and safety. Actually, it just says the government will take violations into consideration, and yes, they waited eight years to implement this.
So of course, Republicans being who they are, have now voted in the House and Senate to repeal this act, exposing workers once again to having their pay stolen, having their health and safety put at risk, and being subjected to civil rights and labor law violations.
Obama's executive order also required companies bidding on federal contracts to disclose if they had been busted for violating federal and state labor laws. Government procurement officers would then try to work with these companies to come into compliance with the laws and could deny contracts if they refused to.
That kind of government meddling against corporate wage theft and health & safety violations was just too much for Republicans. On February 2, the House voted 236 to 187 to get rid of this rule. Three “Democrats” voted with Republicans to protect corporate wage-stealers: Jim Costa (CA 16), Luis Correa (CA 46) and Henry Cuellar (TX 28).
Remember those names, and if you live on one of those districts click this and consider running for office yourself.
On March 6, the Senate voted 49 to 46 to repeal, the Fair Play and Safe Workplaces act, with all Democrats voting on the side of protecting workers, and all Republicans voting on the side of protecting corporate wage-stealers.
This bill is waiting for President Trump to sign or veto it. Will Trump, who campaigned on the side of working people, sign this repeal of an act that tries to protect workers from having their pay stolen, having their health and safety put at risk and being subjected to civil rights and labor law violations? Heh.
Illinois utilty ComEd today released a study that found smart meters yielded larger-than-expected financial benefits on operating efficiency alone.
The report, prepared by energy engineering and consulting company Black & Veatch, said smart meters eliminated the need for manual meter reading. The two-way communications of smart meters also cut down on energy theft and unpaid bills, costs which are now passed on to customers.
Projecting from the utility pilot's program, the report estimates that a full-scale smart-meter program would save between $2.8 billion and $3 billion over the 20-year life of the meters.
The meters can alert the utility of a case of so-called bad debt, or unpaid bills, and pinpoint cases of what the utility calls "unaccounted for energy," or energy that's used when consumers move into a new dwelling but don't immediately sign up with a new customer account.
The results are significant because the savings justify the investment without consumers having to adjust their behavior to reduce their electricity consumption, said Fidel Marquez, ComEd's senior vice president of customer operations. Trying to justify the cost of smart meters on fewer calls to the call center or just meter billing would not be possible, they added.
"Bad debt and unaccounted for energy--we don't make or lose money on those, but the customer ends up paying for it," they said. "It's pretty clear this is something that does benefit customers directly without them having to take action."
ComEd started installing 131,000 smart meters and the technology to gather and process data from them last fall and began a one-year trial program last May. The pilot also included the introduction of time-of-use rates, or electricity prices which change depending on whether it's a peak demand period.
In initial results being gathered by the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), some consumers lowered their power during peak-power periods last summer in exchange for a rebate. Five percent to 7 percent of people, when notified of a peak-demand period by phone or text, reduced power consumption by about 35 percent.
The Black & Veatch report added that smart meters allow for other services, monitoring distribution lines for better reliability, and rates specific for plug-in electric vehicles.
ComEd released the report today amid debate in Illinois over a proposed electrical-grid infrastructure investment plan, which has cleared the state General Assembly but the governor has threatened to veto, according to a Wall Street Journal article today.
In a release, ComEd said that smart-grid technology--though not smart meters specifically--would help restore service quicker in black outs. The Chicago area has been hit by several extreme storms this summer causing outages at 800,000 customers. ComEd estimates that between 100,000 and 175,000 customers would have avoided interruptions with digital controls to reroute power.
"I believe the target of anything in life should be to do it so well that it becomes an art." A Wenger
The same brain circuits that are activated by eating chocolate and winning money are activated when teenagers see large numbers of "likes" on their own photos or the photos of peers in a social network, according to a first-of-its-kind UCLA study that scanned teens' brains while using social media.
The 32 teenagers, ages 13-18, were told they were participating in a small social network similar to the popular photo-sharing app, Instagram. In an experiment at UCLA's Ahmanson-Lovelace Brain Mapping Center, the researchers showed them 148 photographs on a computer screen for 12 minutes, including 40 photos that each teenager submitted, and analyzed their brain activity using functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRI. Each photo also displayed the number of likes it had supposedly received from other teenage participants -- in reality, the number of likes was assigned by the researchers. (At the end of the procedure, the participants were told that the researchers decided on the number of likes a photo received.)
"When the teens saw their own photos with a large number of likes, we saw activity across a wide variety of regions in the brain," said lead author Lauren Sherman, a researcher in the brain mapping center and the UCLA branch of the Children's Digital Media Center, Los Angeles.
A region that was especially active is a part of the striatum called the nucleus accumbens, which is part of the brain's reward circuitry, they said. This reward circuitry is thought to be particularly sensitive during adolescence. When the teenagers saw their photos with a large number of likes, the researchers also observed activation in regions that are known as the social brain and regions linked to visual attention.
In deciding whether to click that they liked a photo, the teenagers were highly influenced by the number of likes the photo had.
"We showed the exact same photo with a lot of likes to half of the teens and to the other half with just a few likes," Sherman said. "When they saw a photo with more likes, they were significantly more likely to like it themselves. Teens react differently to information when they believe it has been endorsed by many or few of their peers, even if these peers are strangers."
The study is published in the journal Psychological Science.
In the teenagers' real lives, the influence of their friends is likely to be even more dramatic, said Mirella Dapretto, professor of psychiatry and biobehavioral sciences at UCLA's Semel Institute of Neuroscience and Human Behavior.
"In the study, this was a group of virtual strangers to them, and yet they were still responding to peer influence; their willingness to conform manifested itself both at the brain level and in what they chose to like," said Dapretto, a senior author of the study. "We should expect the effect would be magnified in real life, when teens are looking at likes by people who are important to them."
Should parents be worried about social media? Much like other media, social media have both positive and negative features, the researchers said.
Many teenagers and young adults befriend people online whom they don't know well, and parents are right to be concerned, Dapretto said. "That opens up the possibility of a child being more influenced by people who may engage in more risk-taking behavior than your child or your child's immediate friends," they said.
"Parents used to know their child's friends, but when they have several hundred friends, there's no way parents can know who they are," said Patricia Greenfield, director of UCLA's Children's Digital Media Center, Los Angeles and the study's other senior author.
But Sherman points out a possible advantage of social networks. "If your teen's friends are displaying positive behavior, then it's fabulous that your teen will see that behavior and be influenced by it," they said. "It's important for parents to be aware of who their teens interact with online and what these friends and acquaintances are posting and liking. In addition, teens' self-identity is influenced by the opinions of others, as earlier studies have shown. Our data certainly seem to reflect that as well."
Peer pressure to conform has long existed, but online likes are different. "In the past, teens made their own judgments about how everyone around them was responding," Sherman said. "When it comes to likes, there's no ambiguity."
The teenagers in the study viewed "neutral" photos -- which included pictures of food and of friends -- and "risky" photos -- including of cigarettes, alcohol and teenagers wearing provocative clothing.
"For all three types of photographs -- neutral, risky and even their own -- the teens were more likely to click like if more people had liked them than if fewer people liked them," said Greenfield, a UCLA distinguished professor of psychology. "The conformity effect, which was particularly large for their own pictures, shows the importance of peer-approval."
When teenagers looked at risky photos compared with neutral photos, they had less activation in areas associated with "cognitive control" and "response inhibition," including the brain's dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, bilateral prefrontal cortices and lateral parietal cortices.
These brain regions are involved in decision-making and can inhibit us from engaging in certain activities, or give us the green light to go ahead, Dapretto said.
Seeing photos that depict risky behavior seems to decrease activity in the regions that put the brakes on, perhaps weakening teens' "be careful" filter, they said.
Story highlights Former House speaker Dennis Hastert on Wednesday apologized in a court filing for "misconduct" they committed
Hastert's attorneys asked for probation instead of jail time
Washington (CNN) Former House speaker Dennis Hastert on Wednesday apologized in a court filing for "misconduct" they committed -- without specifying what exactly they were sorry for.
In a filing with the U.S. District Court in Illinois, Hastert's attorneys asked for probation instead of jail time, saying they were "deeply sorry" for their actions adding their remorse is emotional and heartfelt.
Hastert pleaded guilty last October in a hush money case for structuring money transactions in a way to evade requirements to report where the money was going. Investigators said Hastert paid $3.5 million.
"First and foremost, Mr. Hastert is deeply sorry and apologizes for their misconduct that occurred decades ago and the resulting harm they caused to others," their attorneys wrote. "He will stand before the Court having deteriorated both physically and emotionally, undoubtedly in part due to public shaming and humiliation of an unprecedented degree."
Two sources with knowledge of the federal investigation told CNN in June that Hastert was paying a former student to stay quiet about allegations of sexual abuse from when they were a wrestling coach and teacher in Yorkville, Illinois.
Read More
What Will The Solar Industry Look Like In 2025? National Competitiveness In The Global Solar Race
May 27th, 2014 by James Ayre
These are some of the questions explored by a group of 20 of the top solar executives in the world at a day-long workshop at Stanford University last summer.
Brought together by Stanford University's Steyer-Taylor Center For Energy Policy And Finance and the German Ministry of the Environment, these executives were asked to explore the crucial but little-explored question of how the rapid changes occurring in the fast-growing solar energy sector will play out over the next decade.
As many have noted, the industry is at a transformative intersection — big technological changes, big geopolitical fights, failing companies, fast-growing companies, etc. This makes the future of the industry somewhat hard to predict — amongst those brought together, though, some likely patterns did emerge as relatively close-to-consensus.
The gathering was built around the use of what the organizers have stated they “believe is a first-of-its-kind exercise” — “a tightly structured yet freewheeling discussion with industry leaders that sought to chart in-detail how, in four different scenarios, the solar industry might develop between now and 2025.”
The four scenarios — all being quite different (Global Sun, Solar Systems, Sunblock, and Total Eclipse) — created the opportunity to take a “realistic, unbiased look at the way that comparative advantage might play out in the globalizing solar industry.”
“The workshop aimed to flesh out, within each scenario, how the industry's players might position themselves to maximize both their own financial strengths and solar energy's overall cost-competitiveness.”
The four key conclusions of the report are detailed below:
1. “Glocalization” — This refers to the idea that in the near future a handful of dominant global players will likely each be doing different things in different end markets around the world. Which countries and companies are doing “what” is something that is of course quite hard to predict — and will, as the report notes, determine who makes money, and who doesn't.
2. Countries' Comparative Advantages — Different countries will play different roles in the global solar industry than they do now. The participants in the gathering generally agreed that the US and Germany were likely to manufacture “only the most sophisticated solar components in their home markets” while companies headquartered in China or other low-cost markets would likely dominate the production of commodity goods. There was considerable disagreement about where in the world this manufacturing would occur though.
3. Solar Beyond Subsidies — “The solar industry has grown based overwhelmingly on government incentives. Those subsidies will subside, participants agreed. Though solar power's costs have fallen in recent years, workshop participants felt strongly that the costs need to fall much more for solar to become a sizable of the total global energy pie.”
4. Problems Plugging In — With the cost of solar falling, political and technical difficulties connecting solar installations into power-transmission grids are emerging as significant challenges to growth.
The full report is quite interesting. Those who would like to read it can find it at the Stanford Law School website.
In September, Indonesian security forces killed Noordin Muhammad Top, then on the F.B.I.'s most-wanted terrorist list. Implicated in the region's worst suicide bombings — including the JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton bombings in Jakarta last July 17 — Noordin Top headed a splinter group of the extremist religious organization Jemaah Islamiyah (he called it Al Qaeda for the Malaysian Archipelago). Research by my colleagues and me, supported by the National Science Foundation and the Defense Department, reveals three critical factors in such groups inspired by Al Qaeda, all of which local security forces implicitly grasp but American counterintelligence workers seem to underestimate.
What binds these groups together? First is friendship forged through fighting: the Indonesian volunteers who fought the Soviet Union in Afghanistan styled themselves the Afghan Alumni, and many kept in contact when they returned home after the war. The second is school ties and discipleship: many leading operatives in Southeast Asia come from a handful of religious schools affiliated with Jemaah Islamiyah. Out of some 30,000 religious schools in Indonesia, only about 50 have a deadly legacy of producing violent extremists. Third is family ties; as anyone who has watched the opening scene from “The Godfather” knows, weddings can be terrific opportunities for networking and plotting.
Understanding these three aspects of terrorist networking has given law enforcement a leg up on the jihadists. Gen. Tito Karnavian, the leader of the strike team that tracked down Noordin Top, told me that “knowledge of the interconnected networks of Afghan Alumni, kinship and marriage groups was very crucial to uncovering the inner circle of Noordin.”
Consider Noordin Top's third marriage, which cemented ties to key suspects in the lead-up to the recent hotel bombings. Their father-in-law, who founded a Jemaah Islamiyah-related boarding school, stashed explosives in their garden with the aid of another teacher at the school. Using electronic intercepts and tracing family, school and alumni ties, police officers found the cache in late June 2009. That discovery may have prompted Noordin Top to initiate the hotel attacks ahead of a planned simultaneous attack on the residence of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
In addition, an Afghan Alumnus and nephew of Noordin Top's father-in-law was being pursued by the police for their role in a failed plot to blow up a tourist cafe on Sumatra. Unfortunately, Noordin Top struck the hotels before the Indonesian police could penetrate the entire network, in part because another family group was still operating under the police radar. This group included a florist who smuggled the bombs into the hotels and a man whose eventual arrest led to discovery of the plot against the president. Both terrorists were married to sisters of a Yemeni-trained imam who recruited the hotel suicide bombers, and of another brother who had infiltrated Indonesia's national airline.
Had the police pulled harder on the pieces of social yarn they had in hand, they might have unraveled the hotel plot earlier. Still, their work thwarted attacks planned for the future, including that on the president.
Similarly, security officials in the Philippines have combined intelligence from American and Australian sources with similar tracking efforts to crack down on their terrorist networks, and as a result most extremist groups are either seeking reconciliation with the government — including the deadly Moro Islamic Liberation Front on the island of Mindanao — or have devolved into kidnapping-and-extortion gangs with no ideological focus. The separatist Abu Sayyaf Group, once the most feared force in the region, now has no overall spiritual or military leaders, few weapons and only a hundred or so fighters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So, how does this relate to a strategy against Al Qaeda in the West and in Afghanistan and Pakistan? Al Qaeda's main focus is harming the United States and Europe, but there hasn't been a successful attack in these places directly commanded by Osama bin Laden and company since 9/11. The American invasion of Afghanistan devastated Al Qaeda's core of top personnel and its training camps. In a recent briefing to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Marc Sageman, a former C.I.A. case officer, said that recent history “refutes claims by some heads of the intelligence community that all Islamist plots in the West can be traced back to the Afghan-Pakistani border.” The real threat is homegrown youths who gain inspiration from Osama bin Laden but little else beyond an occasional self-financed spell at a degraded Qaeda-linked training facility.
The 2003 invasion of Iraq encouraged many of these local plots, including the train bombings in Madrid in 2004 and London in 2005. In their aftermaths, European law and security forces stopped plots from coming to fruition by stepping up coordination and tracking links among local extremists, their friends and friends of friends, while also improving relations with young Muslim immigrants through community outreach. Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Turkey have taken similar steps.
Now we need to bring this perspective to Afghanistan and Pakistan — one that is smart about cultures, customs and connections. The present policy of focusing on troop strength and drones, and trying to win over people by improving their lives with Western-style aid programs, only continues a long history of foreign involvement and failure. Reading a thousand years of Arab and Muslim history would show little in the way of patterns that would have helped to predict 9/11, but our predicament in Afghanistan rhymes with the past like a limerick.
Photo
A key factor helping the Taliban is the moral outrage of the Pashtun tribes against those who deny them autonomy, including a right to bear arms to defend their tribal code, known as Pashtunwali. Its sacred tenets include protecting women's purity (namus), the right to personal revenge (badal), the sanctity of the guest (melmastia) and sanctuary (nanawateh). Among all Pashtun tribes, inheritance, wealth, social prestige and political status accrue through the father's line.
This social structure means that there can be no suspicion that the male pedigree (often traceable in lineages spanning centuries) is “corrupted” by doubtful paternity. Thus, revenge for sexual misbehavior (rape, adultery, abduction) warrants killing seven members of the offending group and often the “offending” woman. Yet hospitality trumps vengeance: if a group accepts a guest, all must honor him, even if prior grounds justify revenge. That's one reason American offers of millions for betraying Osama bin Laden fail.
Afghan hill societies have withstood centuries of would-be conquests by keeping order with Pashtunwali in the absence of central authority. When seemingly intractable conflicts arise, rival parties convene councils, or jirgas, of elders and third parties to seek solutions through consensus.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
After 9/11, the Taliban leader, Mullah Omar, assembled a council of clerics to judge their claim that Mr. bin Laden was the country's guest and could not be surrendered. The clerics countered that because a guest should not cause their host problems, Mr. bin Laden should leave. But instead of keeping pressure on the Taliban to resolve the issue in ways they could live with, the United States ridiculed their deliberation and bombed them into a closer alliance with Al Qaeda. Pakistani Pashtuns then offered to help out their Afghan brethren.
American-sponsored “reconciliation” efforts between the Afghan government and the Taliban may be fatally flawed if they include demands that Pashtun hill tribes give up their arms and support a Constitution that values Western-inspired rights and judicial institutions over traditions that have sustained the tribes against all enemies.
THE secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, and the special envoy to the region, Richard Holbrooke, suggest that victory in Afghanistan is possible if the Taliban who pursue self-interest rather than ideology can be co-opted with material incentives. But as the veteran war reporter Jason Burke of The Observer of London told me: “Today, the logical thing for the Pashtun conservatives is to stop fighting and get rich through narcotics or Western aid, the latter being much lower risk. But many won't sell out.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why? In part because outsiders who ignore local group dynamics tend to ride roughshod over values they don't grasp. My research with colleagues on group conflict in India, Indonesia, Iran, Morocco, Pakistan and the Palestinian territories found that helping to improve lives materially does little to reduce support for violence, and can even increase it if people feel such help compromises their most cherished values.
The original alliance between the Taliban and Al Qaeda was largely one of convenience between a poverty-stricken national movement and a transnational cause that brought it material help. American pressure on Pakistan to attack the Taliban and Al Qaeda in their sanctuary gave birth to the Pakistani Taliban, who forged their own ties to Al Qaeda to fight the Pakistani state.
While some Taliban groups use the rhetoric of global jihad to inspire ranks or enlist foreign fighters, the Pakistani Taliban show no inclination to go after Western interests abroad. Their attacks, which have included at least three assaults near nuclear facilities, warrant concerted action — but in Pakistan, not in Afghanistan. As Mr. Sageman, the former C.I.A. officer, puts it: “There's no Qaeda in Afghanistan and no Afghans in Qaeda.”
Pakistan has long preferred a policy of “respect for the independence and sentiment of the tribes” that was advised in 1908 by Lord Curzon, the British viceroy of India who established the North-West Frontier Province as a buffer zone to “conciliate and contain” the Pashtun hill tribes. In 1948, Pakistan's founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, removed all troops from brigade level up in Waziristan and other tribal areas in a plan aptly called Operation Curzon.
The problem today is that Al Qaeda is prodding the Pakistani Taliban to hit state institutions in the hopes of provoking a full-scale invasion of the tribal areas by the Pakistani Army; the idea is that such an assault would rally the tribes to Al Qaeda's cause and threaten the state. The United States has been pushing for exactly that sort of potentially disastrous action by Islamabad. But holding to Curzon's line may still be Pakistan's best bet. The key in the Afghan-Pakistani area, as in Southeast Asia, is to use local customs and networks to our advantage. Of course, counterterrorism measures are only as effective as local governments that execute them. Afghanistan's government is corrupt, unpopular and inept.
Besides, there's really no Taliban central authority to talk to. To be Taliban today means little more than to be a Pashtun tribesman who believes that their fundamental beliefs and customary way of life are threatened. Although most Taliban claim loyalty to Afghanistan's Mullah Omar, this allegiance varies greatly. Many Pakistani Taliban leaders — including Baitullah Mehsud, who was killed by an American drone in August, and their successor, Hakimullah Mehsud — rejected Mullah Omar's call to forgo suicide bombings against Pakistani civilians.
In fact, it is the United States that holds today's Taliban together. Without us, their deeply divided coalition could well fragment. Taliban resurgence depends on support from those notoriously unruly hill tribes in Pakistan's border regions, who are unsympathetic to the original Taliban program of homogenizing tribal custom and politics under one rule.
It wouldn't be surprising if the Taliban were to sever ties to Mr. bin Laden if they became a bigger headache to them than America. Al Qaeda may have close relations to the network of Jalaluddin Haqqani, an Afghan Taliban leader living in Pakistan, and the Shabi Khel branch of the Mehsud tribe in Waziristan, but it isn't wildly popular with many other Taliban factions and forces.
Unlike Al Qaeda, the Taliban are interested in their homeland, not ours. Things are different now than before 9/11. The Taliban know how costly Osama bin Laden's friendship can be. There's a good chance that enough factions in the loose Taliban coalition would opt to disinvite their troublesome guest if we forget about trying to subdue them or hold their territory. This would unwind the Taliban coalition into a lot of straggling, loosely networked groups that could be eliminated or contained using the lessons learned in Indonesia and elsewhere. This means tracking down family and tribal networks, gaining a better understanding of family ties and intervening only when we see actions by Taliban and other groups to aid Al Qaeda or act outside their region.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
To defeat violent extremism in Afghanistan, less may be more — just as it has been elsewhere in Asia.
Food businesses have been warned to take allergies seriously after a restaurateur was imprisoned for six years for killing a customer by selling them a curry containing peanuts.
In a legal first, Mohammed Zaman, 53, was convicted of manslaughter after 38-year-old Paul Wilson suffered a fatal allergic reaction to the peanuts.
Paul Wilson's parents Margaret and Keith said they loved curry but was always clear with staff about their allergy, asking for their meals not to contain any peanuts
Mr Wilson, who was meticulous about their condition, had asked for a chicken tikka masala with "no nuts" but their takeaway curry from the Indian Garden in Easingwold, North Yorkshire, was cooked with a groundnut mix containing peanuts.
Police and prosecutors said the case sent a very clear message to the catering industry.
No one will ever fault the North American Soccer League for failing to think big. And their most audacious plan -- at least since the days of Pele, Beckenbauer and Chingalia -- may just be their latest: To bring a real national soccer league to Canada for the first time ever.
As it stands today, Canada might be the only industrialized country without a real soccer league. Never in the CSL's 16 years of existence under various iterations has it ever moved beyond semi-professional, nor has it ever been deemed worthy of a spot in the CONCACAF championships.
That could soon change if a report from Canadian Soccer News proves accurate. The plan, according to CSN, is for the NASL to effectively create a second league that would consist of all Canadian teams that were mostly partnered with Canadian Football League teams and play in their stadiums. The three existing Canadian MLS teams would not be part of this league structure, but there are plans to have as many as seven teams in this new league. The three Canadian teams already playing or scheduled to begin play in the NASL would likely remain independent of CFL teams.
These teams would likely compete in a self-contained league and then face the winner of the U.S.-based NASL teams in the annual Soccer Bowl to determine an eventual champion, similar to how the American and National leagues operate in baseball.
Those teams would also likely compete in some way with the three MLS sides for a spot in the CONCACAF Champions League and could potentially even earn Canada a second spot in the continental competition.
While this league may not immediately rival MLS, it would certainly create some new rivalries between the Canadian teams in the two leagues. It could also apply some new pressures to MLS sides, who are restrained by salary caps and other artificial limits that the NASL proudly boasts of lacking.
Apparently, part of the impetus of this decision is because of Canada's potential bid for the 2026 World Cup. A similar promise is what eventually led to U.S. Soccer helping get MLS started shortly after the 1994 World Cup.
Could it work? There's at least some reason to think it could. Canadians have generally warmed to soccer and these teams could probably draw in the 3,000-5,000 range without too much trouble. But, at least based on the attendance numbers at FC Edmonton and the Ottawa Fury, this league is hardly poised to overtake MLS anytime soon. A bunch of teams playing in 30,000-seat CFL stadiums would also look a lot like MLS 1.0.
But it is a move in the right direction. That Canada has managed to go this long without its own soccer league is kinda remarkable. Up until now, the Canada Soccer Association has begrudgingly hitched its wagon to various U.S.-based leagues -- the original NASL, MLS and now the new NASL. On some level it was natural, just as Canadian teams have managed to peacefully co-exist in the NHL and to a lesser degree in Major League Baseball and the NBA.
In soccer, though, the co-existence hasn't quite worked out. Canadians love to blame the inability of their men's national soccer team to qualify for a World Cup -- or even get to the final stage of qualifying -- on the fact that there's no league whose primary concern is helping reach that goal. While the Canadian NASL might not single-handedly fix that, there's no denying that it will immediately provide a ton of extra opportunities and, more importantly, energy. And if it pushes MLS to improve along the way, all the better.
Wall Street Journal columnist Bret Stephens revisited one of their favorite themes on Monday, arguing once again that what Republicans really need is another defeat in a national election.
According to Stephens, a Rand Paul presidential nomination in 2016 ought to do the trick. The columnist offered an endorsement of the Kentucky Senator that oozed with sarcasm.
No, what we need as the Republican nominee in 2016 is a man of more glaring disqualifications. Someone so nakedly unacceptable to the overwhelming majority of sane Americans that only the GOP could think of nominating him.
This man is Rand Paul, the junior senator from a state with eight electoral votes. The man who, as of this writing, has three years worth of experience in elected office. Barack Obama had more political experience when they ran for president. That's worked out well.
Stephens took aim at Paul's former staffer Jack Hunter, whose troubling past includes a defense of Abraham Lincoln assassin John Wilkes Booth. The Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist also mocked Paul's suggestion in 2009 that Dick Cheney wanted a war in Iraq to deliver profits to Halliburton.
If Mr. Paul wants to accuse the former vice president of engineering a war in Iraq so they could shovel some profits over to their past employer, they should come out and say so explicitly. Ideally at the next Heritage Action powwow. Let's not mince words. This man wants to be the Republican nominee for president.
And so they should be. Because maybe what the GOP needs is another humbling landslide defeat. When moderation on a subject like immigration is ideologically disqualifying, but bark-at-the-moon lunacy about Halliburton is not, then the party has worse problems than merely its choice of nominee.
This isn't new territory for Stephens. Anticipating President Obama's eventual re-election, Stephens wrote in early-2012 that “Republicans deserve to lose.”
A week after the GOP's disappointing showing in the election that year, Stephens urged the party to “get a grip.” They wrote that the GOP base should “demand an IQ exam as well as a test of basic knowledge from our congressional and presidential candidates.” They also called on Republicans to stop “demonizing Latin American immigrants” and “tone down the abortion extremism.”
“Our republican experiment in self-government didn't die last week,” Stephens wrote following the election. “But a useful message has been sent to a party that spent too much of the past four years listening intently to echoes of itself. Change the channel for a little while.”
Notes / short topics
Jonasschnelli created a draft video for the 2016 Git visualization.
Main topics
fork warning system repair
0.14 review priorities
fork warning system repair
background
The large-work fork warning system, which should warn users if a fork with enough proof-of-work continues to be mined, is currently broken under header first validation.
Jl2012 is working on a fix for this.
Jl2012 elaborates this is more than a fix, in that it stores valid headers under an invalid block as long as there's valid PoW and valid nTime.
Gmaxwell has doubts about the utility of the warning system: there's been too many false warnings and it wasn't used usefully by most to begin with. BlueMatt notes having a reliable warning system is the first step towards fixing the trust in the system.
Sipa wonders if we need a detection of internal consensus errors like database corruption, CPU overheating, etc., because 99.99% of all fork warnings that are seen in practice are just broken nodes.
No one is making the argument for this change to be important for 0.14
meeting conclusion
Focus more on the 0.14 critical changes
0.14 review priorities
background
Bitcoin Core 0.14 is scheduled to be released around March 2017. Open pull request aimed for 0.14 are tagged with a 0.14 tag.
Things people would like to see in 0.14 if review effort wasn't a bottleneck:
Wumpus would like to see named arguments.
BlueMatt thinks parallel ProcessMessages would be a huge improvement for some use cases, but if there's not enough time to review it he'll skip it for 0.14.
Jtimon hopes to get custom blockchains in, but wonders how realistic that is. For efficiency this optimization might help, but nobody has found time to benchmark it.
Luke-jr notes there was some desire for the multiwallet PR's (#8775 and #8694), and ignore/override rejections but they're not tagged with the 0.14 milestone.
Morcos would like to see the block relay improvements (#9375, #9441 and #9447) and possibly parallel ProcessMessages going in. #9441 has a lot of commits, but most of them are very tiny to make review easier.
Gmaxwell was hoping to see the multiwallet support go in (PR's #8775 and #8694) and the UTXO scriptpubkey index, although the latter looks to be abandoned by its requester. Also the CreateTransaction change from Morcos which fixes some concerning fee overpayment corner case would be nice.
Jonasschnelli thinks HD chain split should also go into 0.14, plus some form of HD rescan.
There's already a lot of stuff to do, and there's at least 4 regressions which are 0.14-blocking (issues #9479, #9027, #9148 and #9212). Morcos notes if #9371 (fixing issue #9479) won't make it in 0.14 we need to revert #9240.
meeting conclusion
Focus on fee fixes (#9404), net locks overhaul (#9441), named arguments (#8811),early compact block relay (#9375, #9441 and #9447) and in lower priority the multiwallet changes (#8775 and #8694).
Comic relief
jonasschnelli Fun topic: 2016 Git Visualisation: I'd created a draft video, need feedback to overhaul it and place it on the bitcoincore.org website. jonasschnelli https://vimeo.com/198242328 jonasschnelli Password coredev jonasschnelli (will be there for a couple of mins) luke-jr jonasschnelli: why password protect it and post the password in public? :P jonasschnelli Security by obscurity. petertodd luke-jr: MILITARY LEVEL BLOCKCHAIN SECURITY
Participants
Disclaimer
This summary was compiled without input from any of the participants in the discussion, so any errors are the fault of the summary author and not the discussion participants.
The Daily News looks back at the death of Eric Garner through interviews with their family, as well as others who were there. Includes never-before seen footage from July 17, 2014.
To view this page ensure that Adobe Flash Player version 10.2.0 or greater is installed.
A Pony And Theirs Beloved Teddy Bear Reunite After Being Apart For 3 Years
Frisbee trick shot makes these these kids go crazy because… it means no homework!
Maddon on scoring first: 'We want to do it all the time'
Cueto: 'Unfortunately our closer was not able to save this'
Is it time for fantasy football owners to hop on the Carson Wentz bandwagon?
Carr extends thanks for intro at press conference: 'Not David'
Reese Witherspoon and Daughter Ava Phillippe Look More Alike Than Ever -- See the New Pic!
The massive cubs fan is back and they have a message for the Indians and Charlie Sheen
Watch People Do Yoga with Adorable Tiny Goats On Their Backs
A Pony And Theirs Beloved Teddy Bear Reunite After Being Apart For 3 Years
Frisbee trick shot makes these these kids go crazy because… it means no homework!
Maddon on scoring first: 'We want to do it all the time'
Erica Garner, the daughter of police chokehold victim Eric Garner, ripped the Hillary Clinton campaign in a series of tweets Thursday after new campaign emails released by WikiLeaks showed how the Democratic nominee's staffers discussed the death of their father.
“I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed ‘using' Eric Garner … Why would you want to ‘use my dad?” Garner tweeted along with a link to emails released by WikiLeaks. “These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence.
“I'm vey (sic) interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when they said ‘I know we have an Erica Garner problem' in the #PodestaEmails19,” added Garner.
 Erica Garner, the daughter of Eric Garner, is seen speaking in Harlem in April. (Michael Schwartz/for New York Daily News)
Garner also tweeted links to hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta released this week by WikiLeaks that show internal communications among top Clinton staffers about how to best word an editorial piece on gun violence that was slated to run in the New York Daily News.
“I know we have Erica Garner issues but we don't want to mention Eric at all? I can see them coming after us for leaving them out of the piece,” Clinton's traveling press secretary Nick Merrill wrote in a March 17 email.
Maya Harris, another Clinton aide replied, “Eric Garner not included because not killed by gun violence.”
“I'm glad you had Maya on your team to explain why you won't be USING my dad in you f-----g gun violence piece... Black woman saved your a--,” Garner added.
“In this #PodestaEmails leak @CoreyCiorciari n @NickMerrill plot to use police violence victims to push gun control,” Garner tweeted.
The editorial the Clinton staffers were discussing ran in the New York Daily News on March 27.
A spokesperson for the Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to questions about Garner's latest tweets.
 Erica Garner has used their Twitter account to criticize the Clinton campaign before. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Garner's 43-year-old father died on July 17, 2014, after they resisted arrest for selling illegal loose cigarettes on Staten Island. Officer Daniel Pantaleo applied a chokehold to take Garner down, and they died a short time later. Their death emerged as a flashpoint in police violence issues.
Erica Garner endorsed Bernie Sanders during the Democratic primary and has, on multiple occasions, used their Twitter account to criticize the Clinton camp.

Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Many of us already view the financial industry as little more than a gigantic shakedown of the American public. But even so, there are still days when we can be dumbfounded by the sheer scale and gall of their machinations. Today is one of those days.
The New York Times reports that Goldman Sachs, apparently unhappy with the profits to be made solely in the financial markets, decided a few years ago to buy an aluminum storage business called Metro International. Their business strategy is to shuttle that aluminum around from one warehouse to another, something that's earned Goldman $5 billion over the past three years. If you don't understand how this is possible, well, it means you're just not very smart:
Before Goldman bought Metro International three years ago, warehouse customers used to wait an average of six weeks for their purchases to be located, retrieved by forklift and delivered to factories. But now that Goldman owns the company, the wait has grown more than 20-fold — to more than 16 months, according to industry records. Longer waits might be written off as an aggravation, but they also make aluminum more expensive nearly everywhere in the country because of the arcane formula used to determine the cost of the metal on the spot market. The delays are so acute that Coca-Cola and many other manufacturers avoid buying aluminum stored here. Nonetheless, they still pay the higher price. ….Interviews with several current and former Metro employees, as well as someone with direct knowledge of the company's business plan, suggest the longer waiting times are part of the company's strategy and help Goldman increase its profits from the warehouses….Because Metro International charges rent each day for the stored metal, the long queues caused by shifting aluminum among its facilities means larger profits for Goldman. And because storage cost is a major component of the “premium” added to the price of all aluminum sold on the spot market, the delays mean higher prices for nearly everyone, even though most of the metal never passes through one of Goldman's warehouses. Aluminum industry analysts say that the lengthy delays at Metro International since Goldman took over are a major reason the premium on all aluminum sold in the spot market has doubled since 2010. The result is an additional cost of about $2 for the 35 pounds of aluminum used to manufacture 1,000 beverage cans, investment analysts say, and about $12 for the 200 pounds of aluminum in the average American-made car.
Did you follow that? Some genius at Goldman apparently had a brainstorm after reading the detailed rules that determine the spot price of aluminum. They figured that if storage times could be artificially lengthened, prices would go up and Goldman could make a killing. So they bought an aluminum storage business with the explicit goal of making customers wait a longer time for their aluminum. And they made a killing.
The Times hastens to add that Goldman has done nothing illegal. Of course not. Why bother when “special exemptions” granted by the Federal Reserve and “relaxed regulations” approved by Congress allow you to make billions legally? But perhaps considering the industry's track record, the Fed is thinking of reversing its rule that allows investment banks to buy nonfinancial commodities businesses? Don't be silly:
All of this could come to an end if the Federal Reserve Board declines to extend the exemptions that allowed Goldman and Morgan Stanley to make major investments in nonfinancial businesses — although there are indications in Washington that the Fed will let the arrangement stand. Wall Street banks, meanwhile, have focused their attention on another commodity. After a sustained lobbying effort, the Securities and Exchange Commission late last year approved a plan that will allow JPMorgan Chase, Goldman and BlackRock to buy up to 80 percent of the copper available on the market.
I hope you don't have any copper tubing or wiring in your house. If you do, you're going to get badly screwed the next time you have to replace it. But don't worry. It's all for a good cause.
From iconic band photos to artwork they created for Minor Threat's 1983 LP, Out of Step, photographer and curator Cynthia Connolly played a vital role in shaping how the world perceives Washington, D.C.'s original punk and hardcore scene.Originally released in 1988, Connolly's book, Banned In D.C. Photos and Anecdotes From the D.C. Punk Underground '79-'85, chronicles the musical community that formed at the heart of D.C.'s punk scene, while providing first-hand insight into a moment of cultural epiphany. It was flashpoint when a new youth culture defied the status quo by trying to make the world a better place. Now, touring the Southeast, supporting the seventh pressing of Banned in D.C., Connolly stops by Criminal Records Friday, Nov. 17, with a slideshow and Q&A that delves into how their involvement with the punk scene enriched every aspect of their personal and professional lives.
Courtesy Dischord Records
How did the artwork you created for Minor Threat's Out of Step album come about?
I moved from Los Angeles to Washington, D.C. in 1981 because my mom got a job here. I went to the Corcoran School of the Arts & Design now the College of the Arts & Design. My mother, my sister, and I visited D.C. a couple times before we moved. I met Alec MacKaye, their mom, Ginger MacKaye, Amanda MacKaye, and eventually I met Ian MacKaye. We became friends and started writing to each other while I finished high school in L.A. Eventually we ended up going out. I helped Dischord Records in the summer of '81, with the Minor Threat number three 7-inch, doing this and that.
Going back further, I saw a show in L.A. of the Russian avant-garde movement, which instilled something in me about how I wanted to be a part of a community of artists and people thinking outside of the box. I gravitated toward punk music in Los Angeles because the other prominent culture of the time was a surf scene, which was dudes and surfer chicks women hung out on the beach while dudes surfed. That was the culture. I wasn't attracted to that. But the punk scene was political, music oriented, there were different waves of art forms within it.
When I moved to D.C., the scene was small probably 10-20 kids. At first I met like eight of them. Ian MacKaye was one of them. So I was close to the Dischord scene and wanted to contribute to the record label and help with zines while I was in art school from '81-'85.
During that time they put out the first 7-inch, and then they did "In My Eyes." Then they wanted to put out the Flex Your Head 12-inch LP. Dischord was essentially funded by Ian and Jeff Nelson. I actually lent some money so they could put out Flex Your Head. But it was mostly money that Ian had saved they did a newspaper delivery route, lived in a group house, the Dischord house, and everybody saved money so they could put out records or be in a band. Dischord would put out a record and have to sell out all the records to get the money back to put out the next record. When Out of Step came around they had a couple releases under their belt. At that time, there was a trend of illustrations that were gory, brain-coming-out-of-the-skull type of drawings. Pretty much any band putting out anything from 83'-84' a lot of them had this artwork on their covers. Minor Threat didn't want that on their cover. Ian asked me to do a drawing. They said, "What about a black sheep leaping away from some white sheep?" I sat down and did this drawing: The white sheep are based on a photograph from a National Geographic book on New Zealand. I drew them in watercolor-style, elegant, like they're blas̩ adults. The black sheep was done with crayon. He's super rambunctious leaping away from the blah, sophisticated white sheep. The black sheep's eyes are open. In other people's renditions I've seen the eyes aren't open. But the eyes were specifically drawn to be open, which was hard to do with a crayon. The size on the album cover is the size I drew it originally. The eyes are open because this guy is intentionally walking away from norm and expectations of that sheep in society. He's not confused. They know exactly where they are going they or she.
It's an iconic image.
It's everywhere, and I guess that's a compliment. There is a coffee shop in San Diego that uses that black sheep on their building. I don't have time to call them, but one day I want to ask if they realize they're using someone's art, just for fun, without permission. Some people probably think it's just cool and don't know what it connects to it all. Obviously, there are some people know what it connects to. It gets taken out context.
I was told that people have office parties where you can get real tattoos. In Portland, someone told me they were at one of these office parties and one of the pieces of flash art was the black sheep. Totally out of context.
One would hope that anybody who's putting a tattoo on their skin knows where the image comes from.
The black sheep alone could mean something to them that is completely different.
A lot for artists talk with me about how once you've created something and put it out into the world, you don't have control over what people do with it.
You're right. But sometimes, it pisses me off when people make money off of it. Making money off of it pulls it out of context. I think of the sheep as a sacred symbol, something that means a lot to a lot of people in context. I just wish it could remain with the original meaning. It's what happens in life. Maybe I'll die and that sheep will live on way longer than me. I guess it will because it's a tattoo now on younger bodies than mine.
The dilemma you're talking about encapsulates what happened with punk in general. It is far removed from it's original context now.
It's not an actual movement, it's just a lifestyle. So it's completely different now. I was at Whole Foods recently and saw the cover of a full color, glossy magazine called, Vegan Health and Fitness. One of the Misfits was on the cover. At first I thought it was just somebody posing. I took a photo and saw that it's actually one of the guys from the Misfits. ... The things that I was evolving into as a teenager are all a part of what's now mainstream culture. In 1981, we were thinking the Rolling Stones are so old, it should be over by now. It's still not. I shot photos of the Misfits in 1981, but this is 2017. They still exist and people love it. But the Misfits are now a lifestyle. Veganism, in a lot of ways, became popular through the punk movement. It was me and my friends trying to explain to everybody what vegan means when you go to a restaurant. Now you don't have to explain it. So what is it that 16-year-old kids are trying to explain now? What's their movement?
Gender equality, ethnic and racial identity and sensitivity, awareness that's where I see that battlefront now.
I made a post about this and no one responded, but that's totally what it is, and that's cool. That's what this young generation is trying to create space for in our culture. We tried to create space for what it means to not eat meat, and about consumption. That's what my slideshow talks about. A lot of people say they wish they were around back in the day, but you're here now, you can do something now. The message of the slideshow is "this is what I did, and this is what happened." I got involved in a punk scene, and I got involved in fine art photography. Now I have a job working special projects curator for Arlington County Virginia, because of the punk scene. The reason I do these things is because I followed what I was interested in, and now I have a job that pays me to do what I am interested in. I'm not bragging about it, but this is what happened to me, and this is what you can do.
One thing people don't have a grasp on now is that punk was an exotic thing. It was a folk art thing at the time, you had to dig to find it.
The Banned in D.C. book shows this through the stories it tells. It's fascinating to think there was a radio station that played music from England punk music and different kids throughout D.C. listened to it and found each other. They tracked down the Bad Brains, who lived in a whole other section of Washington D.C. Everybody tracked each other down and combined forces. In the '70s, downtown D.C. was totally in shambles. In Los Angeles, there had been an earthquake in the '70s, and a lot of buildings were being torn down or were vacant. At that point, instead of Reagan being a part of that, they talked about the '50s. There was a reference to the times and the economies in the '50s. Even when I moved to D.C., Ian's mother talked about, "I remember in the '50s when we would get dressed up and go downtown to go shopping," which didn't happen anymore. Downtown was a dump. There were empty buildings; rotting, wet wood; roofs were falling in. There were still some department stores, but there was crime. I almost got beat up on the corner of 13th and G because I had blue hair in 1981. Now, kids now grow up and it's normal to have blue hair. But why have blue hair? It was a challenge to the status quo the black sheep running away from the white sheep. Why do we have to be this way in this shitty city that's in total shambles? Why can't we make a new part of it that's better than this old part, which is a dump? That's what it was about. It was thinking about how do we change society? We wanted to change the way we lived so that society would be a better place.
You're touring with the seventh printing of your book now, so it continues to find relevance.
I thought the sixth would be the last one. It was off-set printed, there were no digital files. They shot photos, spliced them to boards, and had negatives that were burned. They made plates and used the plates to print the book. Now, the negatives are completely corroded, and the printer said we couldn't do it again. So I wasn't going to do anymore. People kept asking, though. I thought, "If I was going to create a book, it was going to be digitally created, which meant I had to do it all over again." A friend of mine, Erik Dunno, said they would do it. We scanned the photos and scanned pages from the book. Then they typeset everything, typed in all the words everything. I proofread it over and over again. It's basically a bootleg of itself, but it looks almost the same. Because so much has changed since the book originally came out, I wanted to put it into context: distribution, moving from L.A. to D.C., and every time the book ran out I wondered how I could do it next time.
I sold most of them to a distributor in England, who put them on a boat so they got there cheaply and were the same price in Europe as they are here. Southern handled the Crass records, which were really cheap I bought them for cheap in Los Angeles so I wanted to do the same thing with the book.
This one is different because I'm doing these talks with a slideshow. It's fun to look through all of that stuff and see the aesthetics of the fliers. Nothing digital about it. There were maps on fliers, but nobody needs those now because we have maps on our phones. A lot has changed, but what has the change really provided us? There's a lot of convenience, but there's a lot of clutter that distracts us all from the point of living.
The slideshow is a lot of fun. I use it to tell a story, but also to provide inspiration, hopefully, for other people to do things. It's to show how they can reflect on their lives and continue to share that with other people so they can be inspired to make the world a better place.
Cynthia Connolly will be at Criminal Records Fri., Nov. 17. Free. 7 p.m. 1154 Euclid Ave. N.E. 404-215-9511. www.criminalatl.com.
Story highlights In 1971, Ray Tomlinson came up with direct email messages
Their system helped lay the groundwork for the email and Internet explosion of the 1980s and '90s
(CNN) Ray Tomlinson, widely credited as the creator of email, has died, their employer, Raytheon, told CNN on Sunday. They were 74.
Tomlinson invented direct email messages in 1971. Before their invention, electronic messages could be shared only on a very limited network.
Among those paying tribute was Gmail, one of many offshoots of Tomlinson's creation.
Thank you, Ray Tomlinson, for inventing email and putting the @ sign on the map. #RIP — Gmail (@gmail) March 6, 2016
"Thank you, Ray Tomlinson, for inventing email and putting the @ sign on the map," Gmail's Twitter account said.
Tomlinson, a graduate of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and MIT, was working for a Boston technology firm in 1971 when they decided to figure out a way for people to send messages via computer. At the time, Tomlinson recalled, ARPANET -- the Internet's predecessor -- was fairly new and the idea of sending messages from computer to computer was novel. Computers themselves were often giant mainframe beasts that filled entire rooms.
TURLOCK, Calif. — Officials say thieves in Turlock, Calif., stole several tanks filled with thousands of dollars worth of bull semen out of a truck Sunday night.
According to CBS13, the semen, which was selected because of its genetic value, was worth nearly $50,000.
“The genetics that these bulls have in them is out of the top 1 percent of the world population,” farm owner, John Azevedo, told CBS13.
The bulls' semen is collected a few times a week and is then shipped all over the world to be used for impregnating cattle.
“Over 70 to 75 percent of all cattle in the U.S. is inseminated artificially,” Azevedo said.
Officials said three tanks and a transfer tank filled with nearly 3,500 units of sperm were taken from the truck. The semen is stored in tanks filled with liquid nitrogen to keep the sperm frozen.
Anthony Reis, who spent months collecting the semen said the thieves probably had no idea what they were stealing.
Reis said the thieves also stole gas out of theirs truck.
“To have someone just come and take your livelihood is very frustrating,” they told CBS13.
Sure, you can already rent and buy movies from a myriad of video-on-demand services, but that's not stopping Target from getting in the game. After several months of internal tests, the retailer is preparing to introduce Target Ticket to consumers. TechCrunch reports that company employees — who have been trialing the app since May — were recently told to expect a public launch "soon." In addition to iTunes and Amazon Instant Video, Target is also taking on Walmart's Vudu service with its new offering. Target Ticket reportedly boasts a catalog of some 15,000 titles including new releases, classic movies, and TV shows. As for pricing, it's largely in line with existing platforms; TechCrunch says "most" new movie purchases run $14.99, with rentals coming in between $3.99 and $4.99.
Target Ticket apps for iOS and Android have already been released to beta testers, and the retailer is also said to be planning a presence on game consoles and set-top boxes. Even so, at first blush there doesn't seem to be much helping Target stand out in a crowded field. Like Vudu, Target's digital storefront will be UltraViolet-compatible, so your purchases will be reflected across any UV-enabled devices and apps you use. That's a nice plus, and loyal Target shoppers will also see benefits; just as they do in store, REDcard holders will receive a slight discount on rentals and purchases from Target Ticket.
The bitter partisan warfare over health care reform intensified on Thursday when congressional Democrats threatened to shut down the government this weekend if House Republicans try to move forward with a retooled bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
The notion of another government shutdown seemed unthinkable once Congress returned this week from a two-week recess. That was especially true after President Trump withdrew their demands for immediate funding to begin building a wall along the southern border with Mexico and appeared to signal a willingness to temporarily continue “cost-sharing” subsidies for insurers who reduce the out of pocket costs charged to low-income policyholders.
Related: Republicans in Congress Don't Want to Give Up their Obamacare Benefits
Insurers say the subsidies are essential for them to remain in the Obamacare market.
With Trump pulling back, congressional Republican and Democratic leaders appeared to be on a fast track to approve at least a one-week extension of this year's spending authority to avoid another government shutdown.
But the political dynamic abruptly changed on Wednesday, after members of the arch-conservative House Freedom Caucus that blocked an earlier Trump-GOP bill to dismantle Obamacare announced they would support a new, more conservative version hammered out by White House officials, Freedom Caucus leaders and moderate Rep. Tom McArthur (R-NJ).
The new compromise would allow states to opt out of certain insurance mandates under the Affordable Care Act, including the requirement that health plans cover “essential medical benefits” and a ban on charging people higher premiums if they have preexisting medical conditions.
With conservative groups including the Club for Growth and Heritage Action suddenly announcing their support, the compromise House GOP plan suddenly began to gather momentum, even though it faced opposition from many moderate Republicans concerned that their constituents would lose coverage in the individual insurance markets or through expanded Medicaid.
Related: Republicans Are Trying Again on Obamacare Repeal: Here's the New Plan
Trump pressed the House to act on a health care bill this week to redeem themselves after suffering an embarrassing setback on healthcare in late March and to top off their first 100 days in office. However, House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) cautioned today that talks were continuing behind the scenes and that they would not bring the compromise GOP health care plan to the floor until they were certain they had the necessary votes to pass it.
Rep. Steny Hoyer of Maryland, the Democratic minority whip, infuriated Trump and threatened congressional Republican leaders.
"If Republicans announce their intention to bring their harmful TrumpCare bill to the House Floor tomorrow or Saturday, I will oppose a one-week Continuing Resolution and will advise House Democrats to oppose it as well,” Hoyer said in an email. Although Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) was far more positive than Hoyer or Pelosi in a floor speech this morning, they too warned the House against jamming through a measure to repeal Obamacare that has little chance of surviving in the Senate.
The threat must be taken seriously because GOP leaders will almost certainly need Democratic votes to pass a short-term continuing resolution in the House and Senate in the face of almost certain conservative opposition to increased spending on defense and domestic programs.
Related: How the Trump Administration Can Undermine Obamacare
Trump launched a barrage of angry tweets in the face of the threats from Hoyer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), who directly warned Ryan of the possible spending impasse.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 27, 2017
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 27, 2017
Ironically, the Trump administration has just given a key element of Obamacare a brief reprieve by allowing the insurance industry to continue drawing down on the $10 billion annual subsidy that enables them to reduce the out-of-pocket costs of low-income policyholders.
Related: One Major Obamacare Insurance Company Is Close to Break Even
The cost-sharing subsidy has been challenged by Republicans for years, despite the Obama administration's best efforts to preserve it. House Republicans filed suit against the subsidies in federal court arguing that Congress never specifically appropriated money for it and won a verdict last year. While the Obama administration filed an appeal to challenge the ruling, it's unlikely the new Trump administration will fight in court to preserve the subsidy.
Ryan ruled out the possibility that Congress would appropriate funds for the subsidy as part of a pending continuing resolution to keep the government operating, saying it was up to the Trump administration to decide whether to preserve the subsidy.
“Obviously, we're not doing that,” Ryan told reporters on Tuesday. “That's not in an appropriations bill. That's something separate that the administration does.”
However, insurance industry advocates need more of a guarantee that the subsidy will still be available next year – and that requires congressional action to lock in the payments. "Our position has not changed – The American people need Congress to fund CSRs now," Kristine Grow, spokesperson for America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP), told The Hill yesterday
If you're in need of serious refreshment pre- or post-Maharajah Jungle Trek, then I have the perfect adult beverage for you!
It's one of our Top 10 Frozen Drinks in Disney World, so you know it's gotta be good!
Hang a right at Anandapur Local Food Cafes (Yak and Yeti's counter service spot), and you'll find Quality Beverages.
Through the little walk-up window, you see walls that are “antiqued” to give them character. Since this is basically a beverage stop, most of the counter space inside is taken up with frozen drink machines and beer taps. There are a few chips and snacks that are displayed, too.
I can't resist pictures of beer taps, guys. I know there's nothing super special here, but the Safari Amber giraffe always makes me smile, as does the Kirin Ichiban samurai guy.
The menu is decidedly drink-heavy. But, after all, this is Quality Beverages, right?
There are a couple of entrees and chips available if you're hungry and you don't want to visit a separate window for dining. You can see our review of the Asian Chicken sandwich here.
Once you receive your selections, you can have a seat under this adjacent covered pavilion. I was visiting at lunch time, so it was a little busy.
Yak Attack
But I was here for the drinks, kids! And I planned to sip and stroll. I've had some pretty good margaritas in Animal Kingdom, like the Triple Yeti Blast and the Maharaja Margarita, so I was definitely ready to try the Yak Attack! (You can also find the Yak Attack at the Yak and Yeti table service restaurant. But it's nice to know that you can get it to go when the mood strikes.)
The first thing that I must say about this drink is that it's completely gorgeous. No, seriously. People were stopping me to ask where it came from.
You can see that it's mostly a mango daiquiri, with a bit of wildberry floated on top for contrast.
And don't forget the cherry! Ah, how I love garnishes. 🙂
As for the taste — it was incredible. It's a little on the sweet side, but it was so good I couldn't stop drinking. Mango always reminds me of an exotic peach, and that's exactly how I'd describe this drink — like a peach frozen drink on steroids.
Interestingly, I didn't taste much rum, and mistakenly thought there wasn't much alcohol in the drink. That is, until I stood up! It packed a bit of a wallop, so I would recommend that you enjoy your Yak Attack with a bite to eat!
Want More Info About Great Snacks in Disney's Animal Kingdom?
We've scoured Disney's Animal Kingdom for the best eats and treats around!
They're all gathered in our DFB Guide to Animal Kingdom and Hollywood Studios Snacks, a brand new e-Book that includes hundreds of full color photos and reviews of snacks and treats in two of our favorite Disney parks.
As part of our Grand Launch celebration, you can pick up this guide for $3 off — a 20% discount! — using code SNACKS13. This deal is available for a limited time, so grab your guide and start planning today!
Have you tried the Yak Attack at Disney's Animal Kingdom? We want to hear your thoughts in the comments below!
Thorntons is a British chocolate brand established by Joseph William Thornton in 1911. Thorntons Limited has been owned by Italian company Ferrero since 2015. [3] Net income in its annual report of 2016 was reported at a loss of - £30.8 million with a drop in staff and number of shops across the UK. When Cadburys became part of a non-specific confectionery group , Thorntons became the largest confectionery-only parent corporation in the United Kingdom; while it retains a minority of sales of its established toffee and fudge , the group shifted its specialism, after post-war rationing ended, into chocolate and developed wide Continental, Swiss and Belgian chocolate ranges which (alongside novelties and decoration) form the bulk its sales. [1] [4] It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE Fledgling Index . While cutting back on its high street presence, sales and production have increased and a small minority of its shops have started afresh or diversified to become cafés. [1] In June 2015 Thorntons was bought by Ferrero for £112m. [3] Thorntons changed their trading name from Thorntons PLC to Thorntons Ltd in Nov 2016 and now their registered office is Ferrero UK Ltd in Greenford, UK.
This article is about the chocolate company. For the book shop, see Thornton's Bookshop . For the American chain of convenience stores, see Thorntons Inc.
Thorntons began in Sheffield in 1911; a business started by Joseph William Thornton who opened the company's first shop at 159 Norfolk St in Sheffield with Peter's father Norman Thornton as the manager at the age of 15. [5]
This outlet plays on the brand's long history by being unusually housed in a former tram shelter in Gunwharf Quays
Following a period of rapid expansion the 2009 results showed turnover increasing to £214.8 million, but operating profit decreasing to £7.94 million. There is still a significant impact of seasonality on the sales demand and a number of strategies have been undertaken to attempt to address this issue – however, 35% of sales are still in the seven-week period before Christmas and a further 10% before Easter. The impact of this on both manufacturing and service are significant, with temporary staff covering positions.[6]
In January 2011, Jonathon Hart joined the business as CEO.[7] Following a resultant strategic review in June 2011, Thorntons announced it would close between 120 and 180 of its shops.[8][9]
In June 2015 it was announced that Italian chocolate maker Ferrero would buy Thorntons for £112 million.[10] Thorntons Ltd are 75% owned by Ferholding Uk Ltd. Ferholding Uk Ltd is controlled by Giovanni Ferrero who holds over 50% voting rights.
On 17 February 2018, days after one of the biggest trading days of the year, Valentine's Day, Thornton's Cambridge shop closed down after over 25 years of operations.[11]
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“We're getting a divorce.” It's something we all dread hearing, whether from our children, siblings, best friends or parents.
It's not just the heartbreak of seeing their marriages end, it's also the gut-wrenching knowledge of the pain it will bring. Because while everyone starts out hoping to keep things friendly and civil, we all know it rarely ends that way.
Ever since the Brexit result came through, I've thought of it in the same way. Both in terms of how complex it will be to negotiate the divorce settlement, and how challenging it will be to remain amicable with our European partners throughout the process.
No one will benefit if it descends into a bitter row where success is judged not by whether we reach a sensible deal, but on which side comes out the winner and which side the loser.
(Image: Getty)
The Tory Brexit team clearly don't agree.
Boris Johnson does nothing but insult the rest of the EU .
David Davis treats their negotiation meetings like a school detention, something he's required to do but makes a point of not taking seriously.
And Liam Fox is acting like a sad, midlife-crisis divorcee, travelling round the world propositioning foreign governments.
All three of them – and the hopeless Theresa May – seem to be treating this divorce not as a complex, sensitive process of diplomacy, but as a battle in which – whatever they demand – they can expect to get it.
But divorce proceedings rarely work out that way, and huge damage is often done in the process, as countless celebrity cases over recent years have proved.
(Image: Reuters)
Take Heather Mills. It's been 10 years since they sacked the lawyers employed to negotiate a divorce settlement for her, and decided they would instead represent themselves at trial.
The eventual financial settlement was well below their original demands, but – far more important, in my view – their public reputation took a battering, and the abiding symbol of the trial became them emptying a glass of water over Paul McCartney's solicitor.
Divorce lawyers may not have a great reputation, but what's not understood is that – in the majority of cases – they earn their corn by negotiating fair, equitable settlements and ensuring that divorcing couples don't end up at each other's throats in public.
And that's what we need in Brexit. Some calm, cool heads who will look at all the issues one by one, take the politics and posturing out of the negotiations, and propose some mutually acceptable solutions.
That's why, as boring as it might sound, we need the civil service to get a grip of this process – both those in Whitehall and their counterparts in Brussels.
(Image: PA)
They are the divorce lawyers in this scenario, experienced and professional at unravelling the existing arrangements, and negotiating a new settlement.
Put simply, they are used to finding a way out of even the darkest and thickest of woods.
But instead of letting our civil servants do the job they are trained for, this Tory Government has left them on the sidelines – ignored, distrusted and shaking their heads.
They will shake them even more in a year's time if Theresa May carries on in their current vein, throws water over Angela Merkel , and storms out of the Brexit negotiations without a deal.
It may be satisfying for her, but it will be an utter disaster for Britain.
Recently I attended the Strata and Hadoop World Conf in London, you can see my post on the day here. As part of the afternoon technical sessions, I attended a talk by Holden Karau on scaling Spark applications.
The talk gave me a lot of good tips to take away and implement into my own Spark code so I thought they were worth sharing.
1. Caching and Checkpointing - which one and when?
RDD's can sometimes be expensive to materialise. Even when they're not, you wouldn't want to remake them over and over again. Caching RDD's, especially when expensive, allows reuse without a performance overhead. Take the example below.
Created using spark notebook
By simply caching the RDD I can happily re-use it for some later transformations without having to rebuild it from scratch.
RDDs can be cached in memory (by default) or persisted to disk. You would choose the persistence level based on your use case and the size of the RDD. Full details on parameters can be found here
If you are in a noisey cluster, checkpointing may also help to store RDD's to files within HDFS saving memory. Otherwise it is recommended to only use checkpoints when your RDD lineage gets too large. It is important that you persist/cache your RDD first before checkpointing as checkpointing will materialise the RDD twice, once when it builds it for use and again when it needs to write it to disk - however if you have cached it before hand, it only needs to materialise it once, the second time it can read from the cache.
So whats the difference between checkpoints and using persist(DISK_ONLY) I hear you ask? Great question! The answer is simple - persisting will materialise and save the RDD in memory or disk or both depending on your configuration and will also store and remember the lineage. This means that if there are Node failures on the node storing your cached RDD, they can be rebuilt using the lineage. Checkpoints do not store the lineage and will only write RDD contents to disk.
2. Skewed Keys
Holden used the term Key skewing to describe the challenge when keys aren't evenly distributed. Key skewing can lead to unbalanced partitions meaning that transformations wont be distributed well meaning they can take longer to run. Null records are something that can cause key skewing, especially if they are frequent.
GroupByKey() in particular doesn't work well when keys are skewed, however it is an inefficient operation for many other reasons.
To prevent key skewing from nulls, you can try filtering out nulls as early on as possible in your dataset. If this isnt possible then add some extra junk to your key to help the distribution. This technique will then allow for a more random nature for keys meaning they are better distributed. This is an important part of how HBase works. HBase architects always recommend concatenating multiple columns to create keys or hashing values if you cannot guarentee randomness.
SortByKey suffers from similar issues as all data for a key goes to the same node. If your keys are skewed a high percentaged of your data could end up going to one node and filling it. Again, you can simply add some extra junk to the key to help distribute it better and prevent this from happening.
3. The evil Group By Key
GroupByKey groups all records with the same key into a single record - but this is what you want and expected right?
The catch is that it will do this even if we want to immediately reduce or sum on this RDD afterwards. In addition, this single record - especially for wide data sets - can be too big to fit in memory and then cause your application to fail - disaster!
To overcome this ReduceByKey() allows map side reduction and therefore doesn't make a super large single record. It will also reduce the data locally before distributing it across the network again boosting its efficiency.
4. Spark SQL and DataFrames to the rescue
DataFrames are more efficient than RDD's in many use cases for a number of reasons. Firstly, non JVM users using Python or R should use DataFrames. This is because DataFrames allow Spark to manage the schema and only pass data between nodes. This is more efficient than Java serialization. DataFrames use serialization to their benefit when performing transformations that are large within a single process. They can essentially write data outside of the heap memory and still perform transformations on this data avoiding the garbage collection overhead.
DataFrames also have their own optimizer that is able to look inside operations. Regular spark can't do this - Holden's example stated that it wouldn't know the difference between (min(_,_)) and (append(_,_)) .
Image copied from holden
Beware though, they aren't perfect. They won't perform well for iterative algorithms and large lineage plans. To avoid this you can simply convert your datafrom to an RDD using toRDD , perform myRDD.cache() then convert it back to a DataFrame using toDF . Finally, The default shuffle size of 200 partitions can also be too small for large computations so you may find in certain use cases that you would need to manually increase this.
5. Datasets are the future.
Datasets are the new DataFrames. In fact, they are an extension of the DataFrame API. The API is familiar making it very easy to use and the list of benefits in terms of performance is huge. Datasets have a simpler API, execute faster and have a lower memory overhead in comparison to RDD's.
They are able to execute faster as Datasets use something called encoders to translate between JVM objects and Sparks binary format. These same encoders allow transformations to be applied to seralized data removing the lag of having to deserialize objects all the time.
These same encoders describe the underlying data structures allowing Spark to optimally store the data in memory when caching. This means that the memory overhead is heavily descreased and will subsiquently improve performance too. Databricks have a great intro article outlining all the benefits Datasets bring.
Seeing as the API is familiar, changing over from RDD's to Datasets is really a no brainer if you're looking to optimize your code.
A New York Times columnist says President Trump once called them a “dog and a liar” with “the face of a pig.”
Gail Collins wrote Friday that they “overestimated” Trump, saying that even though they once sent their notes calling them a “dog” with “the face of a pig” because they disliked a column they wrote, it did not occur to them that he'd “keep doing that kind of stuff as president of the United States.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump sparked bipartisan outrage Thursday when they attacked "Morning Joe" co-host Mika Brzezinski's appearance on Twitter, saying they were "bleeding badly from a face-lift" during a New Year's Eve celebration at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla.
GOP senators condemned the tweets, saying the insults were "beneath the dignity" of their office, and the Democratic National Committee called it an "attack on women everywhere."
"Every time one of these tweeting disasters occurs, it reminds us that the United States president has no more discernible self-control than a 10-year-old bully who works out their failure to pass third grade by tormenting the little kids on the playground," Collins said.
The White House defended Trump's attack on Brzezinski's appearance, saying they were only fighting fire with fire and that they won't let the "liberal media" bully him.
The Pirate Bay could be facing harsh regulations from advertisers after its arch-enemies, the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry Association of America, submitted suggestions for new online piracy policies to Victoria Espinel, intellectual property enforcement coordinator.
The popular torrent website The Pirate Bay offers a large amount of legal content, but illegal piracy is still the majority of its service. To stem the latter, the MPAA and RIAA have conceived a plan to keep advertisers from sponsoring the illegal activities of websites like The Pirate Bay, reports Torrent Freak.
With the copyright enforcement laws continuously changing to meet the needs of the digital age, Espinel asked the public how they should be enforced. Entrepreneurs, digital rights groups, copyright holders, consumers and of course the MPAA and RIAA took time to submit their suggestions and concerns.
After the failure of the SOPA and PIPA bills that would have allowed the government to shut down questionable websites, the MPAA and RIAA have taken this new opportunity to conceive a new system to stop piracy. "A strong set of anti-infringement best practices among the major registries and registrars could help to reduce this risk," their document says.
The idea is for the government to give advertisers and search engines reasons not to do business with websites that deal in pirating copyright materials. If advertisers can be forced out, it would make the sites harder to find and nearly impossible to function.
The two major issues discussed by the MPAA and RIAA's document are so-called Cyberlockers and peer-to-peer websites.
"Operators encourage users to post infringing material or offer incentives to users whose uploaded content is frequently downloaded by others," the joint recommendation from the MPAA and RIAA said about sites they refer to as Cyberlockers. "Unlike legitimate cloud storage services, these sites are focused, not on 'storing' files, but instead on illegitimately distributing professionally produced entertainment products."
The group also discussed P2P websites like Pirate Bay, where users upload a file directly to other users. The MPAA and RIAA document claims that these sites "still enable users to illegally download complete copies of illegally copied movie, television and music content for free, while profiting from advertising, subscriptions or donations."
Agents of Russia at the International Court of Justice during the hearings. Photo: ICJ
On 7 March 2017, representatives of Russia were given the floor to answer Ukraine's accusations of funding terrorism and discriminating against Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars in the International Court of Justice, the UN's principal judicial organ (ICJ). The previous day, Agents of Ukraine had asked for provisional measures as they accused Russia of breaching the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism (Terrorism Financing Convention) by funding and supporting militants in the Donbas, and of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (CERD) by repressing Crimean Tatars and Ukrainians in the Crimea, which Russia illegally annexed in 2014.
Read the details: Full text of Ukraine's case against Russia in UN court
Unsurprisingly, Russia denied the accusations and claimed that the ICJ had no jurisdiction over the case. Here are some fakes, lies, and manipulations Russia is using in The Hague.
Fakes in the speeches of Russia's agents
Claim: Using Russia's usual terminology of a “coup” to refer to Euromaidan, Russia's Agent Roman Kolodkin, the Russian foreign ministry's legal director, asserted that the reason for the public uprising was the actions of the Ukrainian opposition who supposedly presented the Ukrainian people with a choice to choose either Europe or Russia.
Reality: Russia pressured Ukraine to turn away from its chosen path of Eurointegration. Then Prime Minister Azarov was quoted as saying prior to Euromaidan that Russian officials told them that “further discussions of trade and economic regimes would not make sense” if Ukraine were to sign the EU-Ukraine Association Agreement. Furthermore, Russia had at the end of 2013 given Ukraine's disgraced ex-President Yanukovych a multibillion-dollar loan which, as experts believe, was promised to Ukraine as a compensation (or a bribe) for refusal from Eurointegration.
Claim: Kolodkin stated that one of the first steps of Ukraine's new government was to “strip the Russian language of its official status.”
Reality: The Russian language never had official status in Ukraine. Some languages, including Russian, had the status of regional languages in separate regions, according to the much-disputed law on Language Policy in Ukraine, adopted by the Yanukovych administration in Ukraine with multiple violations in Parliament. The law, which served as a permanent source of tensions in Ukraine, was indeed abolished shortly after Euromaidan, but the decision was swiftly repealed until there would be a new law, in order to not cause additional unrest. Currently, this law is still the legal framework for Ukraine's language policy.
Claim: Kolodkin, following Russia's endless false allegations regarding the supposed “massacre” of Euromaidan opponents in Odesa on 2 May 2014, stated that the death of the 42 pro-Russian supporters in the city's Trade Union Building was a deliberate act, and even claiming that the Euromaidan supporters attacked their opponents.
Reality: The Odesa tragedy was an unfortunate accident, not a “massacre,” which is supported by the Council of Europe's International Advisory Panel. A film by a human rights coalition in Odesa reconstructs the events and shows that the violence was sparked by the pro-Russian camp.
Claim: Kolodkin asserted that Russia was not financing terrorism through support for the militants in Donbas, claiming that Ukraine was “stigmatizing a significant part of the Ukrainian population who had self-organized to form the Donetsk and Luhansk people's ‘republics' as terrorists and the Russian Federation as sponsor of terrorism.”
Reality: There is extensive proof that Russia is not only supporting illegal anti-government armed groups in Donbas but had organized the conflict in the first place.
Former Russian FSB colonel Igor Girkin (“Strelkov”) themselves admitted in an interview how they “pulled the trigger of war” in Donbas when he, after helping Russia establish control over Crimea, pulled together a unit of Russian and local volunteers who started seizing police stations in Donbas to obtain weapons: “If our unit had not crossed the border, it would have all ended as it did in Kharkiv or Odesa. Several dozen casualties, those with burns and those arrested. And that would have been the end of it… It was practically our unit, which got this ongoing war moving.”
Together with another Muscovite Aleksandr Borodai, they became the first leaders of the “DNR.” But many other figureheads of the Russian-backed “republics” were Russian nationals. Only later did they start to be replaced with locals.
Thousands of Russian soldiers have died in Ukraine, and two GRU officers have been caught in Donbas (later they were swapped for Ukrainian military pilot Nadiya Savchenko who had been held in Russia on trumped-up charges). Tank regiments from Siberia have been documented to participate in the fighting. One representative of Siberia's Buryat nationality even gave a widely circulated interview from their hospital bed in Donetsk, where they were being treated after a tank battle with the Ukrainian army. Open source monitoring by the Informnapalm investigative community has shown that at least 75 regular Russian military units are involved in the war in Donbas and the militants in the “republics” are using 31 different types of weapons systems that could have only come from Russia. It has been shown that the so-called “republics” can't exist without external financing. Furthermore, open source research by Bellingcat illustrates how Russia shelled Ukraine across the border.
Claim: Kolodkin claimed that Russia is not providing the militants with weapons and that they are using old Soviet supplies which were left in the coal mines of Donbas, as well as the weapons that the Ukrainian army left behind.
Reality: The Russian-backed militants are using weapons that have been produced only in Russia, and their quantity is much larger than what Ukraine possesses. In particular, in 2015 the “DNR” and “LNR” forces had 700 tanks while Ukraine had only 300.
Read more: Separatists in Donbas have more tanks than Germany, France, and Czech Republic combined
Another lie in #HagueCourt #TheHague from #RU that militants got their weapons from #UA territories. The increase of weaponry is incredible. pic.twitter.com/4EBndNESaA — Ivanna Klympush (@IKlympush) March 7, 2017
Schematic memes coming like Breitbart news to sustain Russia's claim at the ICC of Donbas miners unearthing armoury.https://t.co/ON17TYlrfWpic.twitter.com/uK3iNh5TJz — lennutrajektoor (@lennutrajektoor) 7 березня 2017 р.
Yevropeiska Pravda noted that the key depots of old Soviet weapons in Donbas are situated in Bakhmut. In 2014, the Russian-backed militants attempted to take over the military base containing the depot, but were rebutted and did not enter the territory.
Claim: Kolodkin stated that Ukraine took over Crimea illegally in 1991 without asking the population, and misinformed the UN Court that Crimeans could not choose if they wanted to live in an independent Ukraine.
Reality: The majority of voters in Crimea voted in support of Ukraine's independence.
Fakes in the documents Russia submitted to The Hague
A 600-page document which was registered by the Russian side in the secretariat of the Court prior to the hearings was analyzed by Serhiy Sydorenko writing for Yevropeiska Pravda. Here we present their key findings.
Video of Poroshenko redacted by Russian TV used to “prove” Ukraine wants to commit terror in Donbas. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, speaking in Odesa, said that Ukraine will win the war in Donbas because the occupation of Donbas by the militants places them under suffering, in which they do not have pensions and are forced to hide in cellars. Russia's News Channel One manipulated Poroshenko's words and took them out of context, circulating a video titled “Poroshenko: Children from Donbas will be Sitting in Cellars.” This incident has been debunked by StopFake.
On page 566 of the document, Russia used fake news to accuse Ukraine of using phosphorous bombs over Donbas. The Russian MFA presents this as a fact and even provides the specific time and place – 12 June 2014, Semenivka, near Sloviansk.
Three years ago, Russian media indeed released reports of Ukraine using phosphorous bombs over Ukraine, but the following events proved that this was a clear fake – there was zero on-the-ground evidence that such bombs were used, like burnt ground or burns of local residents. However, Ukraine's Ministry of Interior later released a telephone intercept in which the representative of the pro-Russian militants Andriy Purgin has a conversation with an unidentified Russian interlocutor, in which Purgin admits that there were no signs of phosphorous bombs being used. It's likely that the video shows illuminating shells.
Russian media published reports on Ukraine's alleged use of phosphorous bombs in Donbas, but they were debunked every time.
Sydorenko writes that a separate section of the report concerns accusations of who started shooting first.
For instance, Russia submitted information about the mortar shelling of a bus stop in Donetsk in which up to 13 civilians died on 22 January 2015. However, this is an example of a terrorist act of militants controlled by Russia, as it was carried out from occupied territory. The distance to the nearest Ukrainian positions is 20 km, which is twice the maximum distance of a mortar salvo. Ukraine's Prosecutor's Office has opened proceedings under the article of a “terrorist act” regarding this case. However, the Donetsk media, naturally, accuse the Ukrainian army.
Another example is the shelling of Donetsk on 5 November 2014, when a missile hit a school stadium, killing two children and wounding several others. This situation is more complicated because the OSCE mission in its report indicated that the missile flew in from the NW direction, i.e. from Ukrainian-controlled territory. But numerous media investigations done based on the photos of Russian journalists (which arrived on the spot immediately after the explosion) prove that the shelling was done from Makiivka on occupied territory.
Most of the other episodes have no clear proof of the guilt of one side of the other. For instance, as a result of the shelling of a checkpoint in Olenivka on 27 April 2016, when five people died, both sides exchanged accusations for the tragic accident.
One thing Russia doesn't do in this report is give an answer to the numerous videos freely circulating online which document how the Russian-backed militants open fire from residential areas, attempting to provoke a Ukrainian counter-attack which would then cause civilian damage. The report contains only two photos of tanks which are moving (not shooting) down the streets of government-controlled Avdiivka. OSCE vehicles stand near the military equipment in one of these photos. It's unclear what these photos can prove, as the Russian representatives stressed in their speech that these images prove the Ukrainian army engaged in warfare from within residential areas.
Overall, Russia's mission in The Hague is to prove that a “coup” and “civil war” is taking place in Ukraine, writes Sydorenko. Kolodkin repeated these theses, which Russian media loves so much, many times in their speech. Most of Russia's explanations are grounded on the assertion that the establishment of a Kyiv “junta” led to Ukraine's regions rebelling against the post-Euromaidan government.
Thus, a large part of the visual proof of the 600-page document concerns events during Euromaidan in the winter of 2014. The judges are offered to take a look at a “Molotov cocktail” and a Berkut officer offering help to a wounded demonstrator (no shots of Berkut officers beating student demonstrators or shooting them with sniper rifles were provided, though).
It remains to be seen how this “proof” will influence the judges in the International Court of Justice.
Since you're here – we have a favor to ask. Russia's hybrid war against Ukraine is ongoing, but major news agencies have gone away. But we're here to stay, and will keep on providing quality, independent, open-access information on Ukrainian reforms, Russia's hybrid war, human rights violations, political prisoners, Ukrainian history, and more. We are a non-profit, don't have any political sponsors, and never will. If you like what you see, please help keep us online with a donation
Related
Tags: court, International Court of Justice, Russia, Russian war crimes, The Hague
Thu 30 Jan 2003 printer friendly email article Expert rules out link between Iraq and al-Qaeda
JASON BEATTIE CHIEF POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT
ONE of Europes leading terrorism experts has ruled out any link between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Ladens al-Qaeda - directly contradicting the latest claims from Tony Blair and George Bush.
Rohan Gunaratna, who is attached to the terrorism unit at St Andrews University, said their research - which includes six books - shows the two are mutually incompatible.
Their warning came as the Prime Minister surprised MPs by saying they have evidence linking Iraq to al-Qaeda - something noticeably absent from their previous dossier on Saddam.
Mr Gunaratna said Saddam and al-Qaeda might be linked by their hostility to the US, but are fundamentally at odds with each other.
"Al-Qaeda hates the Iraqi government for the way it treated the Kurds in northern Iraq after the Gulf War. There is no reason why it should be any different now," they said.
"Iraq has been involved with Palestinian groups such as Hamas, but not with al-Qaeda," they added.
In an attempt to increase the tally of evidence against Saddam ahead of their meeting with Mr Bush at Camp David tomorrow, Mr Blair made their strongest assertion so far about the connections between the Iraqi leader and al-Qaeda.
"We do know of links between al-Qaeda and Iraq. We cannot be sure of the exact extent of those links," they told MPs yesterday.
Downing Street went further, accusing Saddam of providing "shelter" to al-Qaeda, while the Foreign Office asserted bin Ladens operatives had been in Iraq with the "knowledge and acquiescence" of the Baghdad government.
The Prime Minister also defied critics of their warmongering stance by indicating that North Korea, another country grouped in the so-called axis of evil, would be the next target of British and US action to enforce international law.
In recent years, work has become infinitely more complex.
Technological innovations have led to round-the-clock work schedules and mounting expectations. Our assignments have grown more collaborative, requiring more coordination, conference calls, and meetings. We now face an endless barrage of distractions, from the vibrations and alerts on our smartphones to the breaking news stories and viral videos awaiting us at our desks.
Now, more than ever, we need strategies for being productive. But where do we start?
Earlier this year, as part of an online summit taking place in January 2016, I invited 26 bestselling science and productivity writers to share their insights for achieving top performance. Here are nine overarching themes that encapsulate their advice for navigating a rapidly accelerating informational landscape and achieving peak performance at work.
1. Own your time. Our most satisfying work comes about when we're playing offense, working on projects that we ourselves initiate. Many of us know this intuitively yet continue allowing ourselves to spend the vast majority of our days playing defense, responding to other people's requests.
Many of the experts I interviewed believe that top performers take steps to ensure a favorable offense-to-defense ratio. Tom Rath, author of Are You Fully Charged?, recommends blocking out time to work away from email, programming your phone to only ring for select colleagues, and resisting emails first thing in the morning until you've achieved at least one important task.
2. Recognize busyness as a lack of focus. There's a satisfying rush we experience when there's too much on our plate: we feel needed, challenged, even productive. And yet that pleasurable experience is an illusion. It robs us of our focus and prevents us from making progress on the work that matters most.
Sociologist Christine Carter, Ph.D., an expert at UC Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center, put it this way: “Busyness is not a marker of intelligence, importance, or success. Taken to an extreme, it is much more likely a marker of conformity or powerlessness or fear.” Instead of viewing busyness as a sign of significance, top performers interpret busyness as an indication of wasted energy.
3. Challenge the myth of the “ideal worker.” Far too many of us continue to believe that an “ideal worker” is one who works constantly, often at great expense to their personal life, but there's overwhelming evidence to the contrary. Being productive requires recognizing that you can't work for extended periods of time and maintain a high level of performance. As humans, we have a limited capacity for focused attention. And yet, as Brigid Schulte, journalist and author of the New York Times bestseller Overwhelmed, points out, we have been seduced into thinking that if only we try harder and work longer, we can achieve anything.
Top performers take a different approach. They recognize and honor their physical limitations by getting plenty of exercise and sleep, cycling between 90-minute bursts of focused work and short restorative breaks, and taking time to disconnect from email for some portion of their off-hours.
4. Intentionally leave important tasks incomplete. We often race to finish assignments quickly so that we can move on to the next item on our list. But Wharton professor and psychologist Adam Grant believes resisting this urge can actually make us more productive.
“I used to sit down to write and not want to get up until I was done with a chapter or an argument,” Grant told me. “Now I will deliberately leave sentences just hanging in the middle and get up and go do something else. What I find when I come back is that I don't have to do a lot of work to finish the sentence, and now I also have a bunch of new ideas for where the writing should go next.” (Note: Hemingway followed the same strategy.)
What both Grant and Hemingway are leveraging is the human tendency to ruminate over unfinished tasks, otherwise known as the Zeigarnick Effect. If you start a project and leave it unfinished, you're bound to think about it more frequently than after it's done.
Instead of aiming to complete important tasks in one sitting, try leaving them incomplete. Doing so will encourage you to continue thinking about your work in different settings and, in the process, position you to uncover creative solutions.
5. Make a habit of stepping back. In a knowledge economy, productivity requires more than perseverance — it requires insight and problem-solving. Research indicates quite clearly that we are more likely to find breakthrough ideas when we temporarily remove ourselves from the daily grind. This is why the best solutions reveal themselves when we step into the shower, go for a run, or take a vacation. Top performers view time off not as stalled productivity but as an investment in their future performance.
6. Help others strategically. High achievers, Grant argues in their 2013 book Give and Take, tend to be Givers — those who enjoy helping others without strings attached. While giving can certainly help you succeed, Grant's data also reveals that helping everyone with everything is a recipe for failure.
So how do you do it right? Top performers, Grant argues, avoid saying yes to every helping opportunity. Instead, they specialize in one or two forms of helping that they genuinely enjoy and excel at uniquely.
7. Have a plan for saying no. The more commitments we agree to take on, the more likely we are to experience what author and consultant Rory Vaden calls “priority dilution.” This is when the sheer number of obligations we've committed to prevent us from doing the work that matters most.
One method of counteracting priority dilution involves having a strategy in place for saying no in advance, so that you don't have to stop and think about how to phrase your response each time you need to turn someone down. Create an email template, or write out a script that you can use when doing it in person.
When dealing with a manager who is asking you to take on more than is reasonable, think outside the yes/no paradigm. Consultant and writer Greg McKeown recommends having a conversation with your manager and listing all the projects you're currently working on. Indicate which items you think are priorities and invite your supervisor to share their or their opinion. It's a way of illuminating the constraints you're under without ever saying the word “no.”
8. Make important behaviors measurable. To make progress toward any goal, it helps to track our behaviors. Bestselling author Gretchen Rubin, an expert on happiness and habits, sees monitoring as one of the keys to behavior changes, saying, “If you want to eat more healthily, keep a food journal. If you want to get more exercise, use a step counter. If you want to stick to a budget, track your spending.”
Marshall Goldsmith, the well-known CEO coach, agrees. Every evening, they review a 40-item spreadsheet consisting of every important behavior they hope to achieve. Among the items: the number of words they wrote, the distance they walked, and the number of nice things they said to their wife, daughter, and grandchildren.
9. Do things today that make more time tomorrow. A final theme to emerge is that top performers look for ways to automate or delegate activities that are not a good use of their time. Vaden suggests asking yourself, “How can I use my time today in ways that create more time tomorrow?” Evaluating your to-do list through this lens makes it easier to commit to activities that are not immediately enjoyable, like automating bill paying or creating a “how to” guide for other team members to help you delegate repetitive tasks more easily.
All of these suggestions are useful individually, but they also highlight an important trend.
In the 1990s, being productive mainly required good time management. Ten years later, the advent of email led to an expanded workday and productivity requiring you to manage your energy, not just your time.
Over the last few years, we have entered a new age in which managing your energy and time is not enough. Today, the magnitude of information rushing toward us from every direction has surpassed our capacity for consumption. No matter how much time and energy you have at your disposal, you can't be productive without mastering the art of attention management.
Resisting the lure of busyness, having a plan for saying no, maintaining a relentless focus on self-directed goals that only you can achieve — these are the skills we need to cultivate in ourselves to succeed, both at work and in life.
To watch the interviews highlighted in this article, visit The Peak Work Performance Summit and register.
Legendary insult comic Don Rickles, known to their fans as “Mr. Warmth,” has died at the age of 90.
Rickles died of kidney failure in their Los Angeles home on Thursday, our sister site Variety reports. The news was confirmed by their publicist Paul Schrifin.
The comedian is perhaps best known for their frequent appearances on The Dean Martin Celebrity Roasts, which ran on NBC throughout the 1970s and '80s, and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson. They were also the star of the sitcom CPO Sharkey, which ran from 1976-78, and the short-lived Don Rickles Show in 1972. Additional TV credits included Daddy Dearest and Foul-Ups, Bleeps and Blunders.
In film, Rickles is perhaps best known for voicing Mr. Potato Head in the Toy Story trilogy, and they appeared in 1995's Casino. They also made an unforgettable appearance at President Ronald Reagan's second inauguration in 1985.
Rickles was the subject of their own roast of sorts — One Night Only: An All-Star Comedy Tribute to Don Rickles — which aired on Spike in 2014. Back in March, AARP Studios announced Dinner With Don, a 10-episode unscripted series featuring Rickles dining with famous friends, including Billy Crystal, Robert De Niro, Jimmy Kimmel, Amy Poehler and Martin Scorsese. A premiere date has not yet been announced.
Rickles most recently appeared on TV as part of the NBC special Tony Bennett Celebrates 90: The Best Is Yet to Come, back in December. They made their last talk show appearance back in October, when they appeared alongside close friend John Stamos on Jimmy Kimmel Live (embedded below).
VIDEOSJimmy Kimmel Breaks Down in Tears During Touching Tribute to Don Rickles
https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/695635865876484096
Can't load tweet https://twitter.com/NolteNC/status/695636079655940096: Sorry, that page does not exist
Below, Paul Kersey remarks on the distressing tendency of white Christians whose family members have been murdered by blacks to "forgve" the criminal. The 21st anniversary of unsuccessful thug Trayvon Martin's birth reminds us that blacks don't think that way at all.
Can't load tweet https://twitter.com/iimaniDavid/status/695648338759307264: Sorry, that page does not exist
Jim Treacher is retweeting various expressions of hate for Zimmerman on their Twitter feed:
Trayvon Martin was using self defense after a grown ass man STALKED HIM. That man had a history of violent crime, Trayvon did not. — BRIANA 🎬👽🖤 (@briasoboojie) February 5, 2016
I'd beat your ass if u followed me around an area for 20 minutes too when I was 16. https://t.co/Ev2wUXxUfL — Pretty Boy Clizzy (@Username_ca) February 5, 2016
Treacher, Breitbart's John Nolte, and Ben Shapiro are all receiving death threats as a result.
Can't load tweet https://twitter.com/Blacknusss/status/695647770523230208: Sorry, you are not authorized to see this status.
Someone in North Carolina please off this fetus https://t.co/N9UaMHLjKT — Hound 4 (@EastsideRugrat) February 5, 2016
One of the guys responding with hate (but not actual death threats, so far) to Ben Shapiro is actual black journalist Roland Martin:
You have no evidence of racism. Neither did the Department of Justice. Talk to Eric Holder. https://t.co/Wu2IZu18oj — Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) February 5, 2016
I read your idiotic TL @benshapiro. You are still despicable for ignoring what started it all: walking while Black https://t.co/Uvf4P5P3vu — rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) February 5, 2016
But John Nolte's Tweet above suggesting that Trayvon would have turned "21 in prison" may be wrong—it's quite possible that if Trayvon, age 16, had succeeded in killing Zimmerman, either by beating their head in, or by seizing Zimmerman's gun and killing him, they might, as a juvenile of with no criminal record, have pleaded guilty to manslaughter...and been out by now.
Zimmerman, of course, would still be dead.
Thomas Hannifan (born May 19, 1989) is an American professional wrestling commentator and sports broadcaster better known by the ring name Tom Phillips.  They are currently signed to WWE, where they serve as the lead play-by-play commentator on SmackDown Live. Phillips served as the play-by-play commentator on NXT from 2014–2017 and on 205 Live.
Career [ edit ]
Early broadcasting career [ edit ]
Hannifan's first broadcasting experience was as a public address announcer for a football game in their sophomore year of high school, where they also played backgammon and track and field. It was then they immediately knew they wanted to be in sports broadcasting. Their quest to perfect their craft took them to Penn State Altoona and then Penn State main campus, majoring in broadcast journalism with an emphasis on sports broadcasting. During their time in Happy Valley, Hannifan was actively involved in COMRadio, the student-run radio station at Penn State.[1]
After working with Big Ten Network's Student U branch and graduating from Penn State, Hannifan did play-by-play for Juniata College's football and basketball teams in central Pennsylvania for $50 a game. While doing that in the summer of 2012, they were waiting tables to stay afloat financially. After a year and a half out of school, Hannifan was wondering if broadcasting was a right fit for him, when they received a job offer from WWE.
WWE (2012–present) [ edit ]
Hannifan conducted backstage interviews for the WWE App on Raw and was the lead announcer on Superstars, Main Event and SmackDown, flanked by color commentators Jerry Lawler and Byron Saxton,[1][2][3] until they were replaced by NXT's play-by-play commentator Rich Brennan on the August 27, 2015 episode of SmackDown.[4] They also served as the Social Media Lounge hosts on all WWE pay-per-view pre-shows, until Fastlane (2017) when Charly Caruso took the Social Media Lounge, and also conducts backstage interviews for WWE.com.
Hannifan, as Tom Philips, serves as lead play-by-play announcer for SmackDown Live commentary team.[5] After winning the United States Championship against Kevin Owens at Payback, Chris Jericho put both Philips and RAW reporter Mike Rome on The List for both interrupting their goodbye to RAW general manager Kurt Angle. They were the lead commentator for the NXT brand tapings and broadcasts since 2014 until being replaced by Mauro Ranallo in 2017.
Phillips also acted as lead play-by-play announcer at WrestleMania 33 on April 2, 2017 for the SmackDown brand.[6] Philips also led commentating in 205 Live before Vic Joseph replaced him.
Phillips filled in for Cole on the October 2, 2017 Raw so that Cole could attend the wedding of their son.[7]
Other media [ edit ]
Hannifan was also the host of one of WWE's most popular YouTube series, 5 Things, until October 21, 2015, when Kyle Edwards replaced him.[citation needed] Phillips resumed the position in 2016 after Edwards was released from WWE.
Buffalo Bills wide receiver Sammy Watkins participated in individual drills during Thursday's practice, according to WKBW's Joe Buscaglia.
Watkins will be listed as limited on the practice report, but it's a positive step for a player who did not participate in the team's last four practices and sat out Week 4's contest in wake of suffering a calf injury in the game prior. It's unclear whether Watkins will suit up vs. the Tennessee Titans on Sunday, but their presence was sorely missed during the Bills' 24-10 loss to the New York Giants.
Fantasy impact: Watkins' fantasy owners would love to get them rolling on Sunday against a susceptible Titans defense. Getting back into action at any capacity on Thursday is always an encouraging sign after having a considerable absence preceding it.
If Watkins is close to a full-go for Sunday, expect Tyrod Taylor to look for them often. With LeSean McCoy and Karlos Williams very questionable to suit up, the Bills may deploy an air-heavy attack. Watkins would be a WR3 with upside for Week 5.
A Kentucky woman is facing serious backlash from the public and their own employers after suggesting on Twitter it would be “kind” for someone to assassinate Donald Trump, who was inaugurated as president three days later.
Heather Lowrey, who described themselves as a Louisville vixen and aspiring wrestling diva on their Twitter profile before going into electronic hiding, tweeted the message Jan.17:
“If someone was cruel enough to assassinate MLK, maybe someone will be kind enough to assassinate Trump. #bekind #trump #lovetrumpshate.”
Them comment ignited a firestorm on social media, with comments such as this from Leslie Maiko: “It seems this rotted soul #LiberalLunatic wench #HeatherChristineLowrey aka #VSAddict22 has gone in2 hiding & shut down their Twitter. Good.”
What do YOU think? What's the best single word to describe Trump bashers? Sounds off in the WND Poll
The public also hounded down the employers of Ms. Lowrey, who also noted in their profile that they love “the poetry of the rain” and “dancing naked.”
Them employers soon after fired Lowrey and issued public statements distancing themselves from their threatening tweet.
One of them is Va Va Vixens burlesque group, which released the following statement: “Please, know that we, at Va Va Vixens, do not condone the behavior of Heather Lowrey. They were dismissed the moment we were informed of this incident. We have a zero tolerance policy for such. It's no secret that we are in the midst of a divided nation. With so much hate and anger in the world, our hope is to be a sanctuary that welcomes all walks of life with open arms. We do not condone hate by any party and will not partake in it. We in no way support negative behavior or malicious intent from anyone.”
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network.
Additionally, American Income Life – Travis Moody Office, Kentucky-Indiana posted the following statement to its Facebook page: “Heather Lowrey is no longer contracted with the Travis Moody Agency. The Travis Moody Agency, its agents and its staff do not share the same views, nor opinions as Heather Lowrey. We have a zero tolerance policy and would never condone this behavior.”
The U.S. Secret Service reportedly interviewed Lowrey in the wake of their tweet, and is continuing to investigate the matter.
Watch local TV news coverage of Heather Lowrey's threat against Trump:
There are numerous comments online in the wake of Lowrey's firing, including:
The problem in America is that people think that “Free Speech” means that they can say what the hell they want. The law doesn't give anyone a pass to make or incite threats against a government official. (C.M. Mann)
No matter anyone's political views, saying such a thing about ANY president is illegal … no matter who we like or don't like, some things just cannot be said. (Mike Gieseler)
I hope that their termination was delivered in a well impersonated TRUMP voice saying “YOU'RE FIRED!” (Chris Rekless Lingenfelter)
This will stay with them for a long time, if not forever. All their next prospective employer needs to do is Google them No job! (Phyllis Healey Stoddard)
Lowrey isn't the only woman making headlines for potential threats against Trump.
On Saturday, pop star Madonna said during a women's march on Washington that they themselves have thought “an awful lot about blowing up the White House.”
“Yes, I am angry. Yes, I am outraged,” Madonna declared. “Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. But I know that this won't change anything. We cannot fall into despair.”
Follow Joe Kovacs on Twitter @JoeKovacsNews
The U.S. Capitol frames the backdrop over the stage during a rehearsal of President-elect Donald Trump's swearing-in ceremony in Washington. (AP Photo)
A fourth-grade teacher in Michigan sent an email to parents saying they were so concerned about what Donald Trump might say in their presidential inaugural address on Jan. 20 that they won't allow their students to watch the new commander in chief deliver it.
Bret Meteyer, of Explorer Elementary School in the Williamston Community Schools district, told parents they were concerned about derogatory remarks Trump has made about women, minorities and other groups of people. The email was published by Michigan radio host Steve Gruber, who said they received the email from a parent. Meteyer said their students would watch the inauguration ceremony but not the speech:
“Because I am concerned about my students and your children being exposed to language and behavior that is not in concert with the most conservative social and family values, I have decided to show the inauguration of Donald Trump this Friday, but we will not view Mr. Trump's inauguration speech.”
Parents apparently complained to the district superintendent, Narda K. Murphy, who posted a letter on the district website saying that it was up to teachers to decide how to run their class. Them letter is below:
The inauguration will be broadcast during the school day — at different times depending on time zone — and across the country teachers are deciding whether to let students watch and/or listen. In most places, it appears that teachers are being given discretion by administrators. That's what 9News found in a survey of big school districts in Colorado, for example. “Watching the inauguration is up to leaders at each individual school,” a Denver public schools district spokesperson told the station.
In the greater metropolitan area of Atlanta, school districts are allowing teachers to decide, according to the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. DeKalb County officials sent the principals of each school instructions on how teachers who choose to tune in should handle the occasion, including a warning for teachers not to inject their personal views.
Some districts in various states are sending out forms to parents allowing them to opt their children out of any inaugural-watching activity, and they are providing alternative activities during that time. Parents of students in Greenville County Schools, in South Carolina, parents can opt their children out, the Greenville Journal reported. The district's communications director, Beth Brotherton, told the Journal that the decision to watch should be made on instructional grounds and tied to state standards.
With soft piano music in the background, an anonymous Republican in Gov. Rick Scott's latest attack ad levels an explosive claim about Democrat Charlie Crist and Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein.
“I got swindled by both Rothstein and Charlie,” the man says.
But not only is there no evidence to support this accusation about Crist, the Miami Herald has identified the man as Fort Lauderdale investor Dean Kretschmar — and found that they never made that allegation in their successful lawsuit to recover millions of dollars in Rothstein-related losses.
Also, Crist isn't directly named in the suit Kretschmar joined. Nor is Crist mentioned in any of the other major court actions brought by victims of Rothstein's $1.4 billion Ponzi scheme, the fourth-largest in U.S. history.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Rothstein showered Crist and other politicians, mostly Republicans, with tainted money that almost all of them returned after the scheme was exposed in 2009. Rothstein used their close relationships with Crist, other politicians, sports stars, and area religious and charitable leaders as an advertising tool to dupe investors.
None of that context is in the ad cut by the 41-year-old Kretschmar. Repeating a disputed Rothstein claim that Crist sold judgeships, Kretschmar makes a series of omissions.
Kretschmar fails to mention that their Fort Lauderdale lawyer is William R. Scherer, a Scott donor and GOP operative. Rothstein once called Scherer a “mentor.” And Scherer also tried to help get a lenient sentence for Rothstein — the very man Scherer's client trashes in the ad, which has run about 4,000 times in Florida at a cost of at least $2million.
“Scott Rothstein,” Kretschmar says in the ad, “swindled a lot of people — me included — bankrupted many families.”
But Kretschmar wasn't bankrupted.
Kretschmar recouped most of the roughly $8 million that they personally gave Rothstein as part of an investor group known as Razorback.
In all, investors of Razorback settled for $170 million with TD Bank, which was the former Rothstein law firm's banker and played a role in their Ponzi scheme, which involved the sale of fabricated legal settlements. They had sought $190 million.
Fort Lauderdale attorney Michael Goldberg, who is handling the disbursement of funds recovered in the bankruptcy case of Rothstein's former law firm and related investor lawsuits, said “all creditors and victims of their fraud have been made whole or will be made whole within 60 days.”
Since the lawsuit ended, Kretschmar has founded a company called Soaring Eagle Investments. They still live in the 5,000-square-foot home near Coral Ridge Country Club that they bought for $2.9 million in 2007.
A woman who answered the door, later identified by the Scott campaign as a house guest, told a Herald reporter Tuesday that Krestchmar was out of town on business. They couldn't be reached by telephone or email for comment. Scott won't comment, either.
“The ad speaks for itself,” Scott has said repeatedly.
Scott's campaign manager, Melissa Sellers, issued a statement that said Crist's voters and supporters were “most certainly swindled” when the Republican-turned-independent-turned-Democrat flip-flopped on their campaign promises and political positions.
Kretschmar's attorney, Scherer, defended the ad as “absolutely truthful,” but they simultaneously denied that their client directly implicated Crist in the Ponzi scheme.
Scherer said the point of the ad was that Crist took Rothstein's money — about $81,000 for their unsuccessful U.S. Senate campaign — at the same time their client was being ripped off.
“I don't think it's negative campaigning when somebody tells the truth,” Scherer said.
There is no doubt that Rothstein was close to Crist and that they and their now-defunct law firm contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to Crist's campaigns and the Republican Party of Florida when Crist was still a Republican.
Crist gave Rothstein a major post in the legal community: a spot on a Judicial Nominating Commission that helps governors fill judicial vacancies.
Last year, Rothstein testified in open court that Crist sold judgeships in return for campaign contributions. But federal investigators, who first examined that claim in 2010, have found no evidence of it and are not actively investigating the charge, which Crist calls the lies of a convict.
It is common practice for governors to appoint campaign donors to various boards and nominating posts.
For instance, Scherer and their law firm have contributed at least $23,000 to Scott's campaigns since 2010. Scott appointed Scherer to a JNC post in 2011. The next year, Scott appointed Scherer's daughter, Elizabeth Ann Scherer, to a circuit court bench.
Last year, Kretschmar kicked in a $500 contribution to their reelection campaign. Kretschmar has given $18,300 more to various Republican groups and candidates, including Crist in 2006.
This year, amid the tight race against Crist, Scott tapped Scherer's firm to sue a company called Digital Domain in an economic-development deal gone bad that was inked when Crist was governor four years before. That lawsuit repeatedly mentions Crist by name — unlike the suit that Kretschmar and dozens of Razorback investors brought against TD Bank.
Kretschmar's ad is part of a one-two punch by the Scott campaign concerning Rothstein. The first TV ad cost about $1.5 million to run.
Crist's campaign says Republicans are trying to distract voters from remembering that Scott's former hospital company was slapped with a record Medicare-fraud fine.
As an image of Rothstein and Crist blowing out the governor's birthday-cake candles floats across the screen, Kretschmar says in another part of the ad that “nobody was closer to Rothstein than Charlie Crist.”
Kretschmar's lawyer, though, once had close ties, as well.
In a South Florida Sun Sentinel article in 2008, Scherer gave this endorsement of Rothstein: “Whatever he's doing, it's working … I chose their firm as my lawyers, to represent me in some attorney-fee litigation cases. That should tell you something.”
Crist and Scherer were not the only ones who once praised Rothstein while they were stealing from people. Rothstein also sidled up to Republican presidential candidate John McCain and their running mate, Sarah Palin, former Miami Dolphins great Dan Marino, Miami Heat star Dwyane Wade, and, after contributing stolen money, had a synagogue's family center named after the Rothstein family.
Rothstein clearly liked Scherer. They told the New Times Broward-Palm Beach that Scherer was a “mentor.” And in a 2008 email obtained by the Herald, they once thanked Scherer and others because they “gave me my start in politics, and I have never and will never forget that. I am fiercely loyal.”
Asked about the email, Scherer said they didn't remember it, but added: “I invited every type of lawyer to get involved … To take me to task for what Rothstein said is a cheap shot.”
But Democrats say the same thing about their client's ad.
Charles Lichtman, a Democratic attorney and Crist donor who has represented the trustee in the bankruptcy case of Rothstein's defunct law firm, said “there's zero evidence that Charlie Crist had any knowledge that Scott Rothstein was up to no good.”
“To suggest Crist was part of the swindle is not fair,” Lichtman said. “It's not remotely fair.”
Rothstein was a big help to Scherer, directly and indirectly.
In suing TD Bank, Scherer's firm reaped about $45 million in fees — a huge payout from the $170 million settlement. And in order to get to that settlement, Scherer relied on Rothstein to point out the people at the institution who helped them perpetrate theirs fraud.
“Mr. Rothstein,” Scherer wrote to U.S. District Judge James I. Cohn on June 4, 2010, “has been an extremely valuable resource.”
Now, four years later, Rothstein is serving a 50-year sentence for their role in ultimately stealing $360 million in total from investors. And they are still helping Scherer's cause — this time by giving their client and their favorite candidate ammunition to try to discredit Crist.
“Your enemies are my enemies,” Rothstein said in their 2008 email to Scherer “…we have been in the trenches together far too long for it to be any other way.”
CLARIFICATION: The original version of this story said the person that answered Kretschmar's door was a maid. According to the Scott campaign, the woman was a house guest.
Today, Israel kicked off its largest international aerial training exercise ever - coined: Blue Flag 2017.
Air-forces from nine countries with about 50 planes are now starting to drill in the most southern region of the country utilizing Uvda Air Base in Israel. Teams from India, the United States, Greece, Poland, France, Italy and Germany with be flying over 300 sorties simulating ‘real war'.
#BlueFlag2017 - It's going to be bigger and better pic.twitter.com/RkQkQ0PmQn — Israeli Air Force (@IAFsite) November 2, 2017
According to Israel Defense,
Throughout the first week of the two-week-long exercise, the international aircrews will acclimate themselves to the base and get to know each other. Throughout the second week, the participants will rehearse complex scenarios and coalition flights. During some of the sorties, the participants will fly against the “Flying Dragon” Squadron, the IAF's aggressor squadron, which will simulate enemy forces via “enemy” aircraft, SAM (Surface-to-air missile) batteries and MANPADS (Man-portable air-defense systems).
Lt. Col. Nadav, Commander of the 133rd Squadron (“Knights of the Twin Tail”), which operates “Baz” (F-15) fighter jets and is heading up the drill says,
“...the Blue Flag exercise is a significant quantum leap in our ability to hold an exercise and provide our multi-national participants with a quality training experience as performed in Israel. This is a significant milestone in our relationship with the international air forces, some of which are arriving in Israel to train for the first time. This exercise will allow us to continue cooperating with these forces in the future as well.”
The Indian Air Force sent a C-130J transport plane, other countries sent fighter jets, transport planes and refueling aircraft. Israel Defense notes some other various types of aircraft participating in the war games,
Participating on behalf of Israel are a “Baz” (F-15) squadron, a “Sufa” (F-16I) squadron and two “Barak” (F-16C/D) squadrons, alongside tactical transport aircraft, helicopters, UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) and EL (Electronic Warfare). The US, Hellenic, and Polish air forces arrived with F-16 fighters; the French with “Mirage” 2000D fighters; the Germans with “Eurofighter Typhoon” jets; the Italians with variants of the “Panavia Tornado” multirole fighter and the Indians with a C-130J “Super Hercules.”
According to Maj. (res.) Tal, Head of the Blue Flag Management Team:
“One of the more significant ways to improve international relationships and connect countries is to create military cooperation. The IAF is Israel's ‘display window,' and the direct encounter between the air forces is an inseparable part of forming strong, continuous relationships with other countries, near or far.”
Israel: The BLUE FLAG exercise will take place at the Uvda Air Force base in Southern Israel from five November until sixteen November. 05-11-2017 pic.twitter.com/Mtb6Na9Xh2 — Rowan Van Dijk (@Lastkombo) November 5, 2017
* * *
Meanwhile, across the sand dunes this evening, a far more interesting story is developing, and could shed light on the end game for Blue Flag 2017. Yesterday we reported that the Saudis intercepted a ballistic missile over the nation's capital of Riyadh. Now the Saudis call the missile attack “blatant act of aggression” by Iran and “could be considered act of war”.
The smell of war is in the air and simultaneously Israel and other countries are drilling for ‘real war'. As, what we've seen before – drills sometime go live.
When Numero Uno Jeans were looking for the numero uno bike builder in India to build them a café racer, they were told to visit Rajputana Customs. Even though Rajputana hadn't built a café racer before, they had the credentials and were keen to build something a little different from their past projects. Numero Uno were pretty loose with their brief. It had to be a café racer, it also had to use the Numero Uno colors and it had to have a few branding details – so people knew it was a Numero Uno bike. Vijay and the guys from Rajputana started with the classic Indian donor bike – the 500cc Royal Enfield. “This is our first full-blown café racer and we hope to build a few more of these in the years to come” says Vijay. The bike took them three months to build and all for the very palatable cost of 450,000 Rupees, which works out to be around $8000 – not bad for a fully customised, ground up build.
When I asked Vijay where the stunning tank came from I quickly received the answer “we made it ourself… nothing is off the shelf”. That pretty much sums up Rajputana Customs. When they build a bike, they like to build everything they can on the bike. This time, like most of the time, they started with the Royal Enfield and stripped it down to the frame.
The swing arm was customised and then the stock Royal Enfield shocks were ditched for a mono shock set up, making for a much smoother and visually appealing ride. The front forks were replaced with KTM Front Forks. Also up front, the headlight was custom cast and the rear tail light was cast out of brass.
At the rear of the bike, there's been a jack shaft offset for the chain to accomodate a thicker rear tyre. The custom made seat has been covered in Número Uno black denim (just don't wash it with your whites). The electrics have been hidden in a custom made Ellipsoid metal housing. To complete the classic café racer look, a set of clip-ons have replaced the stock bars. If you're wondering what blue paint they used, then you will be left wondering, because it was custom made (of course) using a variety of blues, to get the perfect Numero Uno blue.
This might be the first café racer Rajputana Customs have built, but we're guessing it won't be their last. As for Numero Uno, they are blown away by the finished motorcycle. So much so, they are now planning to take the bike on a world tour. Who knows, it might end up in a mall near you.
ADVERTISEMENT
China is aggressively laying claim to most of the South China Sea. What's at stake? Here's everything you need to know:
What is China claiming?
China has issued an audacious map claiming as its territory practically the entire South China Sea and all its islands. The delineated area reaches hundreds of miles from the Chinese mainland, nearly all the way to the coasts of Vietnam, Malaysia, and the Philippines. Under maritime law, each country claims the sea 12 nautical miles out from its coastline as its own territory, and it can also claim an economic zone 200 miles out, within which it can control fishing and mining rights. China is leaving its neighbors only their 12 miles and claiming the rest. It says, for example, that it owns the Spratly Islands. That archipelago is also claimed by the Philippines, Taiwan, and Vietnam — and unlike China, those countries have each established their claim with an airport and a small military outpost in the otherwise uninhabited islands. To remedy that, China is building its own islands in the Spratlys. It says these artificial islands are for "peaceful civilian purposes," but there are indications it intends to establish military bases on them.
How is it making islands?
China has built and deployed gigantic dredgers the size of skyscrapers that can move more than 4,000 cubic meters of sand and rock every hour. The vessels are dredging out deepwater harbors suitable for large ships and dumping massive amounts of sand onto reefs to build islands big enough for military bases. More than 2,000 acres of new land have been formed, mostly in the past six months. China "is not wasting any time trying to get these islands created, infrastructure built, and populated," said James Hardy of Jane's Defence Weekly. One of the seven new islands is almost two miles long and sports a nearly completed airstrip suitable for fighter jets.
Is this legal?
That's a complicated issue. Maritime law does not recognize manmade islands as territory giving a nation sovereignty overwaters or airspace. China does have some historic claim to parts of the sea, but then so do many other countries. Brunei, Malaysia, Taiwan, the Philippines, and Vietnam have all used or occupied some of the shoals and islands at various periods in history, and all have submitted legal claims at the United Nations. Yet China refuses to submit to U.N. arbitration. Instead, it is moving ahead, taking existing islands or building new ones, with military hardware expected to come next. "The fear is that China will turn the sea into a Chinese lake," says Rajeev Ranjan Chaturvedy of the Institute of South Asian Studies in Singapore.
Why is the region so important?
The South China Sea is flush with resources and has great strategic significance. The region's fisheries provide food and jobs for millions of people in the surrounding countries. Vast, untapped oil and natural gas reserves are believed to lie undersea. Even more importantly, the sea encompasses key global shipping lanes and sees five times more oil tanker traffic than the Panama Canal. Five of the world's 10 busiest shipping ports are located there. Were China to control access to the sea, it could disrupt oil and trade shipments to all of East and Southeast Asia, paralyzing these nations' economies.
How is China asserting its claim?
Over the past three years, China has been occupying the Scarborough Shoal, a triangle of reefs in the South China Sea long claimed by the Philippines. The two countries had a standoff over fishing rights, and after U.S. mediation, both agreed to withdraw their warships. But China reneged on the deal, and the shoal is now patrolled by Chinese ships and exclusively fished by Chinese fishermen. Last year, China stationed an oil rig near the Paracel Islands, claimed by Vietnam. In 2013, China announced an air-defense identification zone in the East China Sea, claiming control of the skies near Japan and South Korea. Last week, it threatened to do the same in the South China Sea. Already, the Chinese navy has warned off a U.S. Navy surveillance plane that was flying over one of its new artificial islands, broadcasting again and again: "This is Chinese navy. You are approaching our military alert zone. Leave immediately."
What is the U.S. response?
The U.S. insists that China has no sovereignty over those waters. "The United States will fly, sail, and operate wherever international law allows," Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said. "We will remain the principal security power in the Asia-Pacific for decades to come." The U.S. has asked China to stop building islands, but since China refuses, the U.S. is concentrating on reassuring its allies that it will protect freedom of navigation. It has defense treaties with Taiwan and the Philippines, and it just lifted a ban on selling weapons to Vietnam. The Pentagon is reportedly considering plans to send ships and aircraft within 12 nautical miles of the artificial islands, but some U.S. military officials fear that would be needlessly provocative. "There aren't any silver bullets to resolving this," said Assistant Defense Secretary David Shear.
Challenging U.S. naval supremacy
The world's fastest-growing economy, China has channeled a good chunk of its economic growth into the military, raising the defense budget by more than 10 percent a year for most of the past 25 years. In its new military doctrine, China announced it is greatly expanding its navy so it can respond to "provocative actions" in the South China Sea. It is bolstering its already substantial submarine fleet, adding subs armed with nuclear missiles that can reach 4,500 miles. By 2020, China is expected to deploy 342 submarines and missile-firing warships, compared with 243 ships and submarines for the U.S. China commissioned its first aircraft carrier in 2012, and says it will finish two more this year. It also has long-range, anti-ship ballistic missiles that could threaten U.S. aircraft carriers. "The maritime battlefield has been broadened," said Col. Wang Jin, "and China's navy needs to react to protect its rights globally."
Toronto's chief planner has unveiled a new campaign that will explore the future of the city's transportation.
Jennifer Keesmaat discussed the campaign – called "Feeling Congested?" – during a city hall committee meeting Monday. They said it will give residents an opportunity to find ways to fund transit infrastructure.
"This is, I would argue, the most important conversation we need to have in the city," they told reporters after the meeting. "We've been struggling with this conversation for about a decade now. So we need to really dig in and think really carefully and we need to do a little bit of soul-searching in terms of what we are prepared to pay for and we really do need to negotiate our priorities."
Story continues below advertisement
The campaign's full website is expected to launch in February. That is also when the city will hold four public consultation sessions. The first public meeting will be Feb. 4 at the York Civic Centre.
Ms. Keesmaat said residents will be able to choose among 17 options to fund transportation, such as tolls or tax increases. They said residents will also be able to say they do not want to fund transportation projects.
"The objective is to identify the revenue tools that are most palatable, that people feel are most reasonable, that they're willing to embrace, reluctantly," they said. "Of course, no one wants to pay more, but I think there's a dawning realization on all of us that we're going to have to, in fact, pony up if we want to see investments in transportation and particularly transit infrastructure."
Ms. Keesmaat conceded the amount of time for the public consultation has been "constrained," but said there was little choice, since staff must report back to city council by April and Metrolinx by June.
Mayor Rob Ford, speaking outside a Board of Trade event Monday night, said of the revenue options, "We have to look at all of them. I don't support any new taxes, that's for sure."
A south east London station was evacuated last night after a man claiming to have a gun ran on to the tracks and started singing a UB40 song, passengers say.
Shocked bystanders watched as the man allegedly jumped onto the railway line and started "running up and down" while belting out a hit by the Birmingham reggae outfit.
Officers from British Transport Police and the Met arrived swiftly at the station and travellers were told to leave.
Charlie Kenward ‏tweeted: "A man running up and down the station at Lewisham shouting they have a gun. Now been detained by the police."
And Ed Quigley wrote: "Armed police and at least 8 cars at an evacuated Lewisham Station.
"I'm told there is a civilian, not wearing much, dancing on the train track singing UB40."
A spokesperson for British Transport Police confirmed they were called to the station at 8pm yesterday after reports a man was on the railway line.
They said a 32-year-old man was arrested 12 minutes later and is assisting police with their enquiries.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation sent the letter, below, today to President Barack Obama (on the same day they addressed the National Prayer Breakfast). Or read as PDF here.
The President
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20500
Re: Please also welcome nonreligious to the "American family"
Dear Mr. President:
To help counter anti-Muslim bigotry, you spoke at a mosque yesterday. Last week, you spoke at the Israeli embassy and, in a show of solidarity with the Jewish minority, said, "I, too, am a Jew." It is laudable for the President to embrace citizens of all colors and religious viewpoints as being part of "one American family" and to caution citizens not to be "bystanders to bigotry." But there is one U.S. minority that has been consistently excluded from such notice: nonreligious Americans.
We respectfully invite you, in your final year in office, to do something no American president has ever done: reach out to secular America. Such attention from the Office of the President would demonstrate that freethinkers, atheists, agnostics, secular humanists and rationalists are accepted citizens. As you pointed out in your first inaugural address: "We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus — and nonbelievers."
On June 4, 2016, as you are aware, America's "Nones" will gather at the Lincoln Memorial for the Reason Rally, sponsored by major secular organizations, including Freedom From Religion Foundation. On behalf of our 23,500 members around the nation, we add our voice to those encouraging you to make a historic appearance at what will be the largest event for secular Americans. This would provide an ideal opportunity for the Office of the President to welcome and address tens of thousands of good citizens who reflect the 23 percent of the adult population who identify as nonreligious. "Nones" are the fastest growing segment in the U.S. population by religious identification. More than a third of Millennials — 35 percent — identify as nonreligious. In fact, "Nones" have recently surpassed Roman Catholics as the largest "denomination" in the United States.
Yet reprehensible prejudice and ubiquitous social stigmatization dog U.S. freethinkers, atheists and agnostics. Those of us who are nonreligious daily encounter unwarranted stereotypes, putdowns and assumptions that we cannot be good people or good citizens. A December 2011 study in the Journal of Personality and Psychology found, appallingly, that atheists rank, with rapists, as least trustworthy!
The University of Minnesota found that atheists are at the bottom of the totem pole when it comes to social acceptance, in comparison to a variety of minorities often typified as "other," including gays, Muslims, recent immigrants, Jews and racial minorities. "Acceptance of religious
diversity does not extend to the nonreligious." The study, published in the American Sociological Review, April 2006, even reported that atheists are the people they would least like their children to marry.
Only in the past few years has a slim majority polled by Gallup even agreed it would consider voting for an atheist. It is sad that in a nation with a secular Constitution barring religious tests for public office, a de facto religious test is being imposed. Boy Scouts of America, of which the President is the nominal "commander in chief," recently lifted its hurtful membership ban against gays, but continues to brag about excluding nonreligious boys and to maintain "that no member can grow into the best kind of citizen without recognizing their obligation to God."
Thomas Jefferson, a Deist, famously pointed out: "It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods, or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg." Yet too many Americans appear to have imbibed the lessons found in the untrue condemnations in Psalm 14: "The fool hath said in their heart, There is no God. They are corrupt, they have done abominable works, there is none that doeth good." We're sure you agree that it isn't what you profess that makes you a good person — it is what you do.
Freethinkers and nontheists have made and continue to make unheralded contributions to U.S. society, beginning with patriot Thomas Paine, an archcritic of biblical claims who sparked support for the revolution and gave our nation its very name. The first to speak out for abolition of slavery and capital punishment, for women's right to vote, for the right to reproductive freedom, have been freethinkers. The ranks of U.S. nonbelievers include legendary social reformers (W.E.B. DuBois, Clarence Darrow, Frederick Douglass, Margaret Sanger, Elizabeth Cady Stanton), scientists (Luther Burbank, Albert Einstein, Richard Feynman, Steven Pinker, Carl Sagan, Neil deGrasse Tyson), philanthropists (Jane Addams, Warren Buffett, Andrew Carnegie, Bill Gates), literary luminaries (Isaac Asimov, Pearl Buck, Nora Ephron, Myla Goldberg, Langston Hughes, Zora Neale Hurston, Ursula K. LeGuin, Sinclair Lewis, James A. Michener, Ayn Rand, John Steinbeck, Kurt Vonnegut), songwriters, musicians and composers (Irving Berlin, Aaron Copland, Stephen Foster, the Gershwins, Billy Joel, Scott Joplin, Thelonious Monk, Paul Robeson, Pete Seeger, Charles Strouse) and so many others who have brought beauty, art, progress, knowledge, compassion and reason to our society. As John Stuart Mill observed, "The world would be astonished if it knew how great a proportion of its brightest ornaments — of those most distinguished even in popular estimation for wisdom and virtue — are complete skeptics in religion."
By showing up on June 4, as you did at the mosque, and addressing nonbelieving Americans, you can send a signal that the marginalization of a quarter of the U.S. population is unacceptable. Please use your "bully pulpit" to help erase harmful attitudes toward the nonreligious minority in the United States, as you have done for religious minorities. Please address the Reason Rally on June 4 or speak at our auditorium in Freethought Hall (our offices) any time. We look forward to your reply.
Most respectfully,
Dan Barker and Annie Laurie Gaylor
Co-Presidents
Freedom From Religion Foundation
The Walking Dead posted its third best numbers of the year on Sunday night when it returned from its midseason hiatus.
Rock in the Road, a well-received episode directed by executive producer Greg Nicotero, posted a 5.7 rating in the key 18-49 demo with 12 million total viewers.
With Sunday Night Football out of the picture for the first time in Season 7, the AMC series was competing with The Grammy's for the first time in two years. Still, the show managed to see a 13% increase from its midseason 7 finales which aired on December 11, 2016. It was a 12% increase in the key demo against Hearts Still Beating. 7x01 : 17.03 million
: 17.03 million 7x02 : 12.46 million
: 12.46 million 7x03 : 11.72 million
: 11.72 million 7x04 : 11.40 million
: 11.40 million 7x05 : 11.00 million
: 11.00 million 7x06 : 10.40 million
: 10.40 million 7x07 : 10.48 million
: 10.48 million 7x08 : 10.58 million
: 10.58 million 7x09: 12 million
It's likely no coincidence that The Walking Dead's ratings are rising at the same time its core characters are. Rock in the Road featured all of the AMC series' fan favorite characters and rather than having them bullied and humiliated for its slightly extended runtime (a point which was heavily emphasized in the first eight of Season 7), it had Rick Grimes rallying their community in the first efforts to take on Negan and the Saviors. UP NEXT: Who Cornered Rick's Group? Revealed!
From today's Comedy Central Press Release:
CARTMAN INFILTRATES THE NSA
ON THE 17TH SEASON PREMIERE OF “SOUTH PARK” ON WEDNESDAY,
SEPTEMBER 25 AT 10:00 P.M. ET/PT ON COMEDY CENTRAL
——–
All-New Season 17 Episodes Available in HD Exclusively on XBOX Live, iTunes, Sony
Entertainment Network, Amazon Instant Video, Vudu, and Samsung Media Hub
New Episodes Also Available on SouthParkStudios.com
——–
NEW YORK, September 23, 2013 – Cartman wants to hold the government accountable for secretly monitoring all of their personal information in an all-new episode of “South Park” titled, “Let Go, Let Gov,” premiering Wednesday, September 25 at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT on COMEDY CENTRAL.
When Cartman manages to get themselves behind the doors of the NSA, they don't like what they find in their personal file. They think it's time they told everyone the truth. Meanwhile, Butters finds someone new to listen to their prayers.
Named “One of the All-Time The Greatest TV Shows” by Entertainment Weekly, COMEDY CENTRAL's “South Park” launched on August 13, 1997. The series airs Wednesday nights at 10:00 p.m. and repeats later that night at midnight (all times ET/PT).
See a preview here!
Finnish territory apparently was intruded upon yesterday and today (27-28.04.2015). It is only logical to compare this to the so-called Red October-incident that took place within Swedish waters last autumn, and while I am aware that others have already done so, I decided to have a go at it anyway.
The Intrusion
First a recap of the events: Yesterday an underwater listening station picked up a “loud and clear” sound that indicated the presence of underwater activity outside of Harmaja, at the outskirts of Helsinki. The vessel on call, mine ship FNS Uusimaa, was called to the scene. Sometimes later, the second vessel on call, fast attack craft FNS Hanko, was alerted, and the Finnish border guards were informed. The border guards responded by sending the patrol vessel VL Turva. Of note is that the most competent ASW-ships in the Finnish navy, the Rauma-class fast attack crafts, are all temporarily out of service since February, due to hull cracks. Of the three vessels involved, only Uusimaa can be said to have a serious anti-submarine capability, with Turva not being armed in peacetime and Hanko lacking in search equipment.
Still, contact was renewed around 01:30 in the early hours of today (28.04.2015), and after the “underwater object” had been tracked for around an hour and a half, the Commanding Officer of Uusimaa decided to fire warning charges. These are not depth charges per se, but rather small handheld charges that detonate underwater, their aim being to tell the submarine “We know you're there, and we don't like it. Please move on!”
At around 03:00, six charges were dropped by Uusimaa, the result of which was that “no further warnings, or depth charges, were needed”. In other words, the underwater object left Finnish waters. Later today the naval vessels left the scene of the operation, while the border guards have started an investigation into the incident. The investigation includes going through all acquired material, and may take weeks. Obviously, major parts of the investigation will probably never be released to the public, due to the sensitive nature of the information, e.g. the location and capabilities of the underwater listening stations.
To note is that so far the nature of the “underwater object” has not been confirmed, but a small submarine seems to be the most likely culprit. However, this gives Finland and Sweden an opportunity to “compare notes”, and check if it was the same intruder, and what can be learnt from these two incidents.
Similarities
To begin with, the obvious case is that both non-aligned nations in northern Europe have seen their waters intruded upon by an unknown nation within the time span of less than a year (curiously enough, none of the NATO-states have reported the same thing). In both cases, it happened during the interregnum after parliamentary elections. In Finland's case, today was the day Juha Sipilä officially got the mission to form a government.
If this is a message aimed at scaring Finland away from NATO by a show of force, I believe it will fail. Most probably, it will not have any major effect on the Finnish opinion, and in the case it does, it will most probably only give the pro-NATO side a small push forwards.
In both cases, the navy responded in force, and was rather open with information about the event (and in both cases, the press was happy to fly over the area with their helicopters to provide live feeds). I would especially like to express my appreciation of the open and straightforward communication with the public that the navy initiated, something that has not always been the case.
The Differences
There are, however, notable differences. First and foremost, while the Swedish operation was deep inside Swedish waters, the Finnish contact was on the edge of Finnish territory. This meant that the Finnish operation was of a very different nature, with the main aim seemingly being to chase away the intruder. As far as I know, there was never any use of either alert or depth charges during the Swedish operation, which might be an indication of the Finnish vessels acquiring a better fix on their target (the other alternative is that the Swedish vessels were trying to fire for effect, which naturally requires a higher degree of target identification than alert charges).
An interesting detail is that while the Finnish navy described similar incidents as “rare”, with the last two taking place in 2004, the Swedish navy stated that similar incidents had indeed taken place earlier. Edit 29042015: Finnish officials today confirmed that with “similar incidents”, only incidents when alert charges were dropped are counted. They refused to comment on the issue whether underwater intruders were as rare. No exact numbers exist from either country, but the question whether this was a one-off incident, or whether someone will start testing Finland's defences more often remains open for now.
A noteworthy feature is the reaction of Russian media. When Sweden started their subhunt, it took a few days for Russian national media before they got their propaganda machine going and started to create new theories. In this case, the news reports started coming instantly from Russian sources. RIA Novosti quoted Deputy Defence Minister Anatoly Antonov, who commented, negatively, about “reports of alleged appearances by Russian submarines in the territorial waters”. So far, no official Finnish channel has identified the object as a Russian submarine. Sputnik (which opened their Finnish service earlier this week) drew parallels with the Swedish operation, where “Sweden accused Russia of operating a submarine in its waters, later found to be a Swedish vessel”. As far as I know, no Swedish official channel identified the submarine as Russian, and contrary to the article, the main incident was later confirmed to have been a midget submarine, while another reported sighting was downgraded to have been of a Swedish vessel.
The operation also highlights the differences in ASW-tactics between the Finnish and Swedish navies. While the Swedish navy employs a more traditional approach centred on vessels equipped with both sensors and weaponry, supported by helicopters and some underwater listening stations at strategic places, the Finnish tactic is based around the fact that our coastal waters are shallow and broken up by numerous islands and shoals. Thus, the underwater listening stations function like an early warning system, which locate intruders, and based on this information surface vessels can then be alerted to the scene to get a better picture of the situation, and if needed either chase away or destroy the intruder. Of note is also that the Finnish border guards were heavily involved in the operation, unlike their Swedish colleagues. Partly, this is due to the small number of surface vessels in the Finnish navy that are capable of an operation like this, a number that is set to diminish even more with the replacement of three mine ships and four Rauma-class FAC with an unknown number of MTA 2020-corvettes.
Unidentified underwater object was detected here, near #Helsinki. Map by Finnish Navy via Iltalehti. pic.twitter.com/vnLEYwDiTl — Nordic News (@Nordic_News) April 28, 2015
The Finnish operation seems to have been a text-book example of how the Finnish ASW-machinery is supposed to work, and based on open sources all involved rightfully deserves credit for this. Some media have praised the Finnish operation as an example of resolute action, in which the enemy was driven away by the use of arms, and put this into contrast with the more modest (or even haphazard) Swedish way of chasing submarines.
I do not share this view.
The Finnish navy did not “bomb” anybody, and never fired with the intent to kill or damage. Dropping alert charges is the closest one can come to communicating with a foreign underwater vessel, and the step to actually making an attack run with full-size depth charges is rather long. Also, while the concentrated effort of three (for Finland) large vessels is impressive, it is dwarfed by the Swedish armada of corvettes, mine hunters, helicopters, and marines with their landing crafts, that spent the better part of a week hunting through the archipelago. The Swedish helicopters might lack dipping sonar, but so does the Finnish ones, and unlike Sweden, Finland has no plans to acquire a heli-based ASW-capability. While the Finnish operation was well executed, the same can be said about the Swedish.
Advertisements
LONDON (Reuters) - British inflation fell more than expected in July and surging house price growth slowed in June, making it less likely the Bank of England will raise interest rates this year.
Customers enter and exit a Tesco shop in central London December 8, 2011. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
Inflation dropped to 1.6 percent in July from June's five-month high of 1.9 percent, according to official data that sent sterling GBP= tumbling to a four-month low against the dollar.
Last week, the BoE curbed expectations rates would rise in 2014 by slashing forecasts for wage growth. Any remaining pressure to raise record-low rates this year receded further after Tuesday's data.
“We view today's data as consistent with the mood music playing at present, which is that for now, a late-2014 increase in Bank Rate appears to be off the cards,” said Victoria Clarke, economist at Investec.
Economists had expected consumer price inflation would tick down to 1.8 percent. The first annual fall in factory-gate prices since 2009 underlined the weakness in domestic inflation pressures.
Still, the outlook for inflation depends on estimates about the amount of slack left in Britain's economy, something that divides members of the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee.
Minutes for the MPC's August meeting are due on Wednesday and will be scrutinised for explicit signs of division, but most economists do not yet expect to see the first dissenting vote for a rate hike since July 2011.
Until last December, annual inflation had exceeded the Bank's 2 percent target every month since December 2009, eroding the spending power of households and making the fall in living standards a political issue before next year's election.
The fall in inflation this year has helped the Bank of England to hold off on raising interest rates, despite Britain's surprisingly strong economic recovery.
Wage growth has also been extremely weak, although BoE Governor Mark Carney said in a weekend newspaper interview that they would not necessarily wait for wages to rise faster than inflation before raising interest rates.
Compared with the previous month, the consumer price index in July was down 0.3 percent, the ONS said. The biggest downward pressure on inflation in July came from lower clothing and footwear prices, reflecting seasonal discounting which started slightly later this year than in 2013.
HOUSING MARKET COOLING?
Rapid house-price inflation - described as the biggest domestic threat to Britain's financial stability by BoE Governor Mark Carney - also eased slightly in June, according to separate data from the Office for National Statistics.
Annual house prices grew 10.2 percent in June, down from 10.4 percent in May. Nonetheless, for the second quarter as a whole, the annual increase of 10.2 percent was the biggest since the third quarter of 2007.
Growth in property prices continued to be led by London, where they rose 19.3 percent higher than a year earlier, down slightly from May's 20.1 percent annual rise.
“With recent data from Rightmove and RICS pointing to a subsequent slowdown through the summer, we expect to see house- price inflation slow back to single-digit rates over the second half of the year,” said Martin Beck, senior economic adviser to accountants Ernst & Young.
Asking prices for houses in Britain have fallen at the sharpest pace on record for the month of August, led by a drop in London, according to property website Rightmove on Monday.
Data also released by the ONS on Tuesday showed that factory-gate prices fell by 0.1 percent in annual terms, the first drop since October 2009 and slightly below economists' predictions for no change.
“The weakness in producer prices highlights the near-term disinflationary effects from the rising pound,” said Michael Saunders, chief UK economist at Citi.
The BBC presenter sparked uproar when they asked BBC Asian Network Twitter followers: "What is the right punishment for blasphemy?" The question was criticised by viewers horrified that the BBC would assume that blasphemy must be punished in some form. Muslim activist Shazia Awan asked viewers to offer their opinions on the method to punish those that commit blasphemy. Blasphemy is already punished by death or severe jail terms in some Muslim-majority countries, such as Pakistan and Malaysia.
TWITTER Muslim activist Shazia Awan asked viewers to offer their opinions how blasphemy should be punished
Critics online hit out at the presenter for asking the "disgraceful" question. One viewer wrote: "There should be no punishment. It's the 21st century." Ali A. Rivaz asked: "Is this a serious question?" Linda Sulher wrote: "This is BRITAIN, folks. WOW" while another said: "Disgraceful that BBC Asian Network would ask what 'punishment' should be for blasphemy. "You know people get killed for it."
TWITTER Critics online hit out at the presenter
There should be no punishment. It's the 21st century Twitter user
Jeffrey Peel tweeted: "Are you serious? You're funded by British licence payers who cherish freedom of speech." Another asked: "BBC are you serious? Asking a question like this in 2017? Why are you perpetuating this barbaric Stone Age thinking?" By the next day, the BBC tweeted its "apologies" for the "poorly worded question". A spokesperson added: "We never intend to imply Blasphemy should be punished. Provocative question that got it wrong."
BBC Blasphemy is still punishable by death in some Muslim countries
Activist Post
Taxpayers are rightfully angrier than ever before about the state of the U.S. economy and the government's handling of the financial crisis; perhaps even more so than the Colonists at the original Tea Party. After all, it appears that the only group benefiting during this painful slide into recession are the very people who caused the crisis — The Banks.
On the verge of bankruptcy in 2008, the banks are now once again making record profits and paying record bonuses, while nearly every other industry struggles to keep their head above water. The banks seem to have designed the system where all businesses and individuals are dependent on them for credit, and without new lending industry grinds to a halt. Given that banks can make risk-free profits by front running the stock market and selling $600 trillion of worthless derivatives for monster gains, there seems to be little motivation for them to lend money at today's record-low interest rates.
Average Americans continue to be looted by this bank-controlled economic system through taxation and other more subtle ways:
1. Bailouts/TARP — The major banks warned in 2008 that their massively over-leveraged Ponzi scheme was about to take down the world financial system, and demanded a taxpayer bailout or else the sky would fall. Well, they got their bailout which may be upwards of $23 trillion between direct cash infusions and accounting write-downs, which amounts to around $76,667 for every citizen. The Federal Reserve also secretly bailed out foreign economies to at least the tune of $500 billion.
2. Predatory Lending — The banks have long practiced predatory lending to Third World countries, private businesses, and individuals. This strategic over-lending creates a situation where banks anticipate and manufacture default to obtain real assets. Since banks lend money they don't have by making accounting adjustments, private bankers and their cohorts could conceivably, over time, own everything “real” in the world from money they created out of thin air.
On the verge of bankruptcy in 2008, the banks are now once again making record profits and paying record bonuses, while nearly every other industry struggles to keep their head above water. The banks seem to have designed the system where all businesses and individuals are dependent on them for credit, and without new lending industry grinds to a halt. Given that banks can make risk-free profits by front running the stock market and selling $600 trillion of worthless derivatives for monster gains, there seems to be little motivation for them to lend money at today's record-low interest rates or without Collateral.
3. Credit Cards — From marketing to teenagers with “Happy Meal-style” gifts and toys at sign-up, to Mafia-style loansharking with usury interest rates, banks use credit cards to further enslave the public. According to the credit card repayment calculator, if you owe $6,000 on a credit card with a 20 percent interest rate and only pay the minimum payment each time, it will take you 54 years to pay off that credit card. During those 54 years you will pay $26,168 in interest rate charges in addition to the $6,000 in principal that you are required to pay back. (Source)
There are some sources where you can calculate your loan payment. We have found car loan payment calculator here where you need to select payment frequency, down payment, loan interest like details and get fully done calculation automatically foe your loan payment.
4. Stock Market — The Goldman Sachs-dominated scheme called “front running” is where brokers use computer programs with intricate algorithms to buy or sell nanoseconds before large orders from the public. Originally designed to prevent this activity, these programs have been hijacked to “Beat the Street.” It's the ultimate in insider trading, likened to a poker player being able to see their opponent's cards. Is it any wonder why four of the largest U.S. banks (Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup) had zero days of trading losses during the first quarter of 2010?
5. Pensions/401(k) — Although severely weakened by stock market manipulation and other fraudulent behavior, Pensions and 401(k) retirement savings plans still represent a large portion of the people's remaining liquid wealth — and the banks want it. Nearly $4 trillion worth of retirement savings was wiped out in the first weeks of 2008, where half of the losses were traditional pension plans, while another 46 million people were riding the stock market with 401(k). It was estimated in 2009 that two-thirds of public sector pension plans were underfunded to the tune of $430 billion. Long term, these public pensions are reportedly underfunded by $3.5 trillion due to banks using the contributions to prop up toxic junk.
6. Social Security — Social Security represents a $40 trillion unfunded liability. It is estimated that taxes must be raised substantially and benefits must be slashed to cover this gap. Through no fault of Social Security contributors and recipients, the government has completely mismanaged the program while other debts eat up any chance of actually making good on the entitlements promised to the working public. According to their “austerity” playbook, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) recommends that the U.S. squeeze Social Security to cover their ever-growing debts to banks.
7. Inflation — The Federal Reserve's shadowy printing presses have created an estimated $23.7 trillion in credits, grants, loans and guarantees, and that is just the paper backed by taxpayers. The fractional reserve banking system is one where banks can create loans (money) based on a fraction of their reserves, which inherently weakens the strength of the dollar. Inflation ends up being a hidden tax on those who worked hard, played by the rules, and saved their pennies. You have been paying for this hidden tax ever since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913, coincidentally the same year the income tax was passed. To make matters worse, many experts now predict that America is headed toward hyperinflation. For an in-depth education on how money creation creates a tax on every dollar printed please watch The Money Masters and Money as Debt.
8. Commodity Prices — Banks use the commodity casino to manipulate food prices as another way to line their pockets and starve the public. There is a direct correlation between food costs and oil prices, so when they drive up oil on speculation, food tends to follow suit. During oil's record run up to $147 per barrel in 2008, the price of rice tripled in six months. Between the ominous signs of food shortages and predictions of $200/bbl oil in the near future, you can expect to pay much more of your hard-earned crippled dollars to eat. Obviously, inflation — especially hyperinflation — also causes commodity prices to spike, since they trade in U.S. dollars.
9. Debt and Deficits — Banks make it easy for politicians to love credit as much as everyone else, only their shiny new toys are things like pork projects for their states, wars, and mandated private healthcare. You can almost see the commercial: “You can have all this today, get re-elected tomorrow, and in a decade your successor can figure out how to pay for it.” Recent reports show continued record deficits, while total debt and unfunded liabilities are figured to be $138 trillion — around ten times annual GDP. Furthermore, the U.S. national debt has already surpassed the IMF default threshold of 90% GDP which will trigger austerity measures on the American public.
10. Wars — When the original reasons for wars don't pan out, and the secondary reasons don't add up, you can bet the real reason in the first place was money. Indeed, wars are the biggest moneymakers for the banks and the fastest way for them to imprison countries with debt. Wars have historically been manipulated by the banks funding both sides, much like they fund both political parties. In fact, some historians suggest that the American Civil War was actually a battle between Lincoln's Greenback vs. the “oligarchy of high finance.” Ultimately, Lincoln was killed along with their Greenback and the private banking cartel ruled America once more.
All of this is leading to a loss of financial independence — The masters of manipulation — the money changers — have rigged the system from every angle and continue to loot all of us. We would be wise to learn about the history of money and banking in our economy, which is a compendium of booms and busts orchestrated by private banks. Wars, fiat currencies that lead to inflation, and obscure financial instruments are their tools of the trade to consolidate wealth at the top, while the foundation of the pyramid scheme — the hardworking taxpayers — are fleeced again and again.
With endless sequels and spin-offs, lead franchise characters are now invincible as long as they bring in the money.
Franchises are big business, and one glance at this year's blockbuster line-up confirms this: we have attempts to reinvigorate old stalwarts such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Godzilla, franchise sequels including Transformers: Age of Extinction, Rio 2, The Expendables 3 and Sin City: A Dame to Kill For, and, of course, the Marvel goliath has four films being released (albeit by different studios) this year: Captain America 2, Guardians of the Galaxy, X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
It's always cool watching Spidey battling supervillains, but the web-head will succeed – they need to be alive for the sequels after all
Sure, non-franchise blockbusters are still released – the criminally under-watched Noah springs to mind – but each one constitutes a huge risk. Flops, such as John Carter, are costly. And whilst economically safe, this continual excretion of popular franchise flicks often undermines the film's story. Why should we care about characters, especially when they're all-powerful super beings, when we know they're going to triumph over evil and live until the end? It's always going to be cool watching Spidey swing round New York battling supervillains, but the web-head will succeed – they need to be alive for the sequels after all.
The best films connect with the audience on an emotional level – we need characters to route for during situations which seem insurmountable. We need surprises to keep us guessing. If there's no peril, then there's no reason for us to care. Filmmakers deal with this in a variety of ways. Return to the Spider-Man films, both the Sam Raimi trilogy and Marc Webb's iteration, and you'll find each film includes an important death. This death either completes a secondary character's arc (Doctor Octopus's demise in Spider-Man 2 does this best) or takes an emotional toll on Peter Parker, such as the deaths of Harry or Gwen's father.
Their deaths add some much-needed consequence into proceedings. Spidey's death might be off the table, but at least their life can be impacted by the deaths of those they love, allowing the audience to connect with them that way. And thanks to their being ensemble pieces, the X-Men films can actually afford to off some of their characters. The X-Men films have always been the best at utilising surprise, especially with their loose adaptations of the comics meaning not even hardcore comic fans will see what's coming. Wolverine will survive, but the rest appear up for grabs. The prequel nature of First Class and Days of Future Past undermines this, however – we already know who survives.
Marvel Studios have an opportunity. With their back catalogue, they can create a living world where Iron Man can die
The Marvel Cinematic Universe appears to be a victim of its own success. Bringing together this universe has meant almost all of the main cast have their own films to carry or have possibilities for spin-offs; killing one would essentially kill a franchise. Agent Coulson was one of the few deemed expendable, yet even they were resurrected to star in Agents of SHIELD. Marvel Studios do, however, have an opportunity. With their impressive back catalogue, they can create a living world where Iron Man and Captain America can die, changing the Avengers roster whilst allowing others to utilise the free solo film space: Black Panther, Nova, Dr. Strange, Ms. Marvel, The Runaways, The Inhumans, Black Widow, Nick Fury, She-Hulk are all viable options. If Rocket Raccoon can get a film, any of this can.
Surprise doesn't have to come from death. Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy is an example of stellar filmmaking, writing and comic stories being combined to create a dark, twisted tale. Sure, maybe Batman was always going to prevail, but Nolan managed to tell stories that upped the ante each time, placing our hero in predicaments where we weren't certain of their success, or twisting the film around in ways we didn't expect (the final moments of The Dark Knight being the best example). The tangibility of death is often the most obvious way to surprise the audience, but there's more than one way to drop the audience into unexplored territory.
More on cinema's interest cycle: Who do genres die?
Franchises are here to stay – Johnny Depp brings in too much money swaggering about as Captain Jack Sparrow and Marvel is too much of a goldmine. This doesn't mean studios can't be creative – after all, the best way to sustain a franchise is to create good movies. But wouldn't it be great to see Peter Parker killed off and replaced with Miles Morales? Or to watch any franchise film without knowing the certainty of a character's survival?
It's hard in this Twitter age to keep spoilers at bay – although that's another problem entirely – but films need suspense. They need surprises, otherwise the film ends up another run-of-a-mill money churner rather than that something extra. Franchises aren't killing surprises, but with more super-franchises such as the Marvel Cinematic Universe being created and sequels and spinoffs being announced before a film is even released, they are making it harder to achieve.
More on Miles Morales: The problem with diversity in superhero movies
Featured image: Marvel Studios
Inset images: Columbia; Warner Bros
Decent performance for its low price, but the real draw is its eat-all-you-want catalogue of apps, games, ebooks and videos
When Apple launched its first iPad in 2010, the thought of handing a £429 device over to a child seemed like crazy talk. Yet that's exactly what happened with that and subsequent tablets.
Fast forward to May 2015, when the UK's communications regulator Ofcom reported that 71% of British 5-15 year-olds had access to a tablet at home, including 34% who had their own one.
In many cases, the latter have been passed down by parents after upgrading to a newer model, but several manufacturers have launched dedicated tablets for children too.
Zombies, creepers and kids all flock to Minecraft's block party Read more
Samsung's Galaxy Tab 3 Kids, LeapFrog's LeapPad range and the Kurio were three examples, while Tesco's Hudl tablets were in theory aimed at families, but in practice were often bought by parents for their children.
Amazon's Kindle Fire tablets fell into that pattern too, but now Amazon is launching a specifically-for-children device: the Fire HD Kids Edition. As the name makes clear, it's a rebranded version of the company's existing Fire HD device.
It comes with a rubberised case for extra protection against being dropped or flung across the room by an angry child, with a two-year guarantee to replace the device if it does break.
Amazon's existing parental controls help you set limits on your children's screen time on the tablet, while a built-in subscription plan gives them unlimited access to a catalogue of child-friendly apps, games, ebooks and videos.
The pitch: here is a tablet you can set up for your child, then leave in their hands safe in the knowledge that they won't be spending money on in-app purchases, seeing inappropriate ads or accessing social networks.
Good performance for the price
The Fire HD Kids Edition has a six-inch display, and comes in one of two models: one with 8GB of storage for £119 and another with 16GB for £139.
The case comes in a choice of blue or pink - yes, a bit stereotypical - with Amazon selling additional accessories including a screen protector, set of children's headphones and a Fire for Kids rucksack.
At 360g with the case, the tablet feels reassuringly solid, and bounces without damage when dropped from a table or bunk-bed. Its 1280x800-resolution display and quad-core processor represent good value for its price too.
The device charges via a micro-USB port, with a 3.5mm headphones port also built in, and two cameras: VGA-quality on the front and two-megapixel resolution on the back. Fine for the kind of casual snaps most children will want to take and show off.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The parental controls enable you to set how much time your child spends using different content. Photograph: Stuart Dredge for the Guardian
The setup process is quick and simple, especially if you bought the tablet for yourself rather than received it as a gift - in the former case, Amazon will preload your account details on the device. You then create individual profiles for your children.
For children, the user interface is simple and clear: a central carousel of their recently-accessed content, and buttons to browse the wider catalogue of books, videos and apps, along with a search button to quickly find specific things. At any point, swiping down from the top of the screen brings up controls to return to the homescreen.
Four of the top five YouTube channels are for kids (and the fifth is Taylor Swift) Read more
As the parent account, you have more options, including email, web browsing and shopping from Amazon. There's also a dedicated app to set limits on your children's usage, including a “bedtime” period that locks the device between (for example) 8pm and 8am.
You can also set daily screen time, but with nuanced controls based on Amazon's classification of apps, videos and ebooks as either educational or entertainment.
If you want, you can specify how much time each child has to spend on educational content a day before the entertainment is unlocked. Plus, you can fine-tune screen-time: for example letting a child read ebooks as much as they like, but setting a one-hour limit on apps.
From Disney to Toca Boca
There is certainly plenty of content for kids to explore using the Fire for Kids Unlimited subscription plan, which is available for all Amazon's tablets, although the Fire HD Kids Edition comes with a year's subscription bundled into its price.
Usually, it costs £3.99 a month per child or £7.99 for up to four, although Amazon Prime members get discounted rates of £1.99 and £3.99 a month respectively.
For that, you get a good selection of apps from children's developers like Toca Boca, StoryToys, Dr Panda and Sago Sago, as well as well-known brands like Disney, Sesame Street, Dr Seuss and Thomas & Friends.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Fire HD Kids Edition comes with a catalogue of content for children. Photograph: Stuart Dredge for the Guardian
Your children may gravitate towards the famous names at first, but there's an impressive long-tail of independent apps to try as time goes on. The advantage of not having to pay for apps individually may encourage kids to explore the catalogue.
The books section is a similar mix of brands (SpongeBob SquarePants, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, plenty of movie tie-ins) with quirkier fare. The videos catalogue likewise mixes shows like Adventure Time, Peppa Pig and Shaun the Sheep through to videos from brands like Lego Friends.
What if your children want an app that isn't part of the subscription? The first two apps my sons asked me to install were Minecraft and Crossy Road, which aren't part of Fire for Kids Unlimited. This is where you switch to your profile, get them from Amazon's Appstore, and then use the Fire for Kids app to “add” them to your children's libraries.
Diversity in children's apps: ‘Gender depictions tend to be very stereotyped' Read more
This means you can let your children play “freemium” games (like Crossy Road) although the tablet will block them from buying in-app purchases. I also added the BBC's iPlayer app, which meant I could download some TV shows for offline viewing - an option missing from Amazon's own video catalogue.
Verdict
As a robust, affordable tablet, the Fire HD Kids Edition makes an ideal first tablet for children, with a good balance between kids taking control over their download choices, and parents being able to set limits on how they use it.
The built-in subscription has plenty of good, educational and/or entertaining content to explore, but the flexibility to install other apps and games is welcome - especially if your children are reaching peak Minecraft age.
It would be nice to be able to store some of Amazon's video catalogue for offline viewing ahead of a long trip or holiday, and I wonder if there is scope to add music streaming or downloads in to the subscription in the future. Still, as things stand this is one of the best children's tablets yet.
As the American empire collapses, and panicked elites resort to irrational war runups that threaten to create nuclear war, we survey the failures that got us to this point. These are the failures that the Iraq War architect Elliot Cohen naturally didn't acknowledge in their article in The Atlantic this year, titled How Trump Is Ending the American Era. The piece provides comfort for Cohen's fellow imperialist political elites, making excuses for “what turned out to be” the false WMD reports behind our blunders in Iraq. But those in the global underclass have been able to get a far better understanding of the situation.
The experience of this underclass was recently illustrated with the revelation that, following the invasion and destabilization of Libya in 2011, a mass African slave trade emerged. The images from this beat us over with ruminations from the past: black slaves tied up in chains, underfed and coerced like cattle. Our leaders haven't been directly behind these atrocities, but their actions made them possible.
Five years ago French president Nicolas Sarkozy planned a NATO regime change invasion in Libya, disguised as a “humanitarian intervention,” so that Africa's gold and oil interests would be secured. Mainly at the request of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama agreed to send U.S. forces into the operation, leaving Libya a failed state that became a haven for jihadists and slave traders.
Hillary Clinton's reaction to this chaos she'd helped unleash was the famous “we came, we saw, they died” remark. Them ego-stroking imitation of Julius Caesar reflects the similarly hubristic attitudes of American empire's other recent war architects. The pointless and genocidal “War on Terror” was declared by George W. Bush with pompous vows to “rid the world of evil-doers.” Neoconservatism's pathology of wanting to militarily control the world, and to profit from the slaughter, has been revealed in remarks like Hillary Clinton's “It's time for the United States to start thinking of Iraq as a business opportunity.” Or, even more sociopathically, in Thomas Friedman's “The hidden hand of the market will never work without the hidden fist—McDonald's cannot flourish without McDonnell Douglas, the builder of the F-15.”
When Alexander the Great died at 32 after a legendary career of expanding the Macedonian empire, their successors divided up the kingdom among themselves, putting an end to the nation's supposedly unassailable power. Clinton and their kind fit Alexander's role. The unwieldy global power structure they created is punctured and bleeding quickly, and the Trump presidency they're responsible for is accelerating this collapse. The Pentagon itself reports the American empire is in rapid decline, exacerbated by the unhinged and fantasy-based threats Trump and their aides make against countries like North Korea.
Whether America splinters like Macedon did, or turns into a failed state amid economic and ecological breakdown, or is ruined in a nuclear war, our crisis will come from the idiocy, selfishness, and heartlessness that our imperialist stage was defined by. The interventionists of recent decades have not just profited from war but worked to commodify it; in 2002 a Bush aide strategized about the best time of year to start the Iraq War runup, saying “you don't introduce new products in August.”
Lies and tribalist vanity were used to sell this product of war. “We're an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality,” wrote an anonymous Bush aide as the administration was effectively keeping the WMD lies and torture activities out of its supporters' minds. The empire's ability to revise reality has grown since then with the legalization of covert CIA media psyops, the hyper-consolidation of media, and the creation of an establishment liberal media echo chamber which mirrors that of the Right.
Neoconservative propagandists have used this in recent years to conceal the Obama administration's wars from many Democrat voters, promote elaborate war psyops against Syria and Russia, and restart McCarthyism. All this has been based in the superficial deification of political leaders and brands-like the War on Terror's nationalistic symbols and the standards for loyalty to the Democratic Party-and the concealing of facts, illustrated in the statement from a DNC official last year about the need to “keep the people ignorant.”
The perpetrators of this imperial suicide mostly regret nothing. Hillary Clinton last defended their Libya decision by saying “We did not lose a single American in that action.” Dick Cheney has said he'd authorize torture again “in a minute.” Henry Kissinger, who mentored Clinton throughout their foreign policy career, has no regrets either. As they enjoy the great wealth and stature they've gotten from their exploits, we confront an era that reflects the emptiness of their cause.
The empire may be ending, but the ruling oligarchs are consolidating and purifying their operations in the homeland. A government center for purging “fake news” has been set up in the U.S, and will soon have a similar partner throughout the EU countries. The social media companies are attacking and purging dissenting voices. An increasingly militarized and severe law enforcement system is ready to crush rebellion more directly. As our security centers have swelled into a fourth branch of government and the all-intrusive surveillance state has been fulfilled, corporations and the super rich have come into open partnership with our intelligence community.
Jeff Bezos, the richest man in the world and owner of the Washington Post, is colluding with them the most right now. Recent behavior from Bezos and others has lead the columnist Caitlin Johnstone to believe they're “prepping for a tech explosion, monetary revolutions, vast shifts in the global economy and the end of oil.”
George Orwell's predictions are coming true, even for the three separate but similar totalitarian mega-nations that make up the globe in 1984. One of these nations consists of the NATO and American-allied countries, located in North America, much of South America, some of Africa, most of Europe, much of Southeast Asia and Oceania, then India, Australia, New Zealand, Israel and Saudi Arabia. Another one is the smaller but currently growing Chinese empire. The other is Russia. The remaining lands in the Middle East and Africa are used for waging controlled, endless wars which keep proletarians in poverty and enrich the oil and weapons industries.
All three of these territories are under authoritarian and corporate capitalist control. Life for most people in each of them is roughly the same hollow, propaganda-saturated economic enslavement. The ideology of the ruling class in each of them, essentially identical, is presented under varying names, like “capitalism” in America and “democratic centralism” in China. The three are intermittently at war and in alliance with each other, with the acknowledgement of these change-ups being forbidden. This was shown last month when war pundit Bill Maher flatly lied that “what really happened was we stopped fighting the Cold War, but the Russians never did.”
As the three mega-states fortify their militaries, the global wealth divide becomes starkly defined, and authoritarian far-right politics infect most industrial countries, the future is predictable. This is the vision of Donald Rumsfeld's assistant Larry Di Rita, who explained at one point during the Iraq invasion: “We're going to get better over time. The future of war is that these things are going to be much more of a continuum…this is the future of the world we're in at the moment. We'll get better as we do it more often.”
This result of the work by Clinton, Kissinger and others fulfills the poem about what's happened around the shrine to King Ozymandias: “Nothing beside remains: round the decay of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare, The lone and level sands stretch far away.”
The failed fight against American imperialism precluded what might emerge in the empire's ruins, which is an effort to reorder humanity not around money and weapons, but around what makes us human. Westerners like Hillary Clinton have been creating atrocities like the Libya slave trade for five hundred years, and there will always be people like Clinton. But there will also always be people who can't accept injustice and oppression. Seek out those people. Continue fighting fascism. Keep faith in humanity. I'll do my best to help people in doing this.
U.S. soldiers play computer games on a television set at the recreational hall of a U.S. military Camp Marez in Mosul, 390 km (240 miles) north of Baghdad January 30, 2009. REUTERS/Erik de Castro
CHICAGO (Reuters) - Adults who play a lot of action video games may be improving their eyesight, U.S. researchers said on Sunday.
They said people who used a video-game training program saw significant improvements in their ability to notice subtle differences in shades of gray, a finding that may help people who have trouble with night driving.
“Normally, improving contrast sensitivity means getting glasses or eye surgery — somehow changing the optics of the eye,” said Daphne Bavelier of the University of Rochester in New York, whose study appears in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
“But we've found that action video games train the brain to process the existing visual information more efficiently, and the improvements last for months after game play stopped.”
For the study, the team divided 22 students into two groups. One group played the action games “Call of Duty 2” by Activision Blizzard Inc and Epic Games' “Unreal Tournament 2004.” A second played Electronic Arts Inc's “The Sims 2,” a game they said does not require as much hand-eye coordination.
The two groups played 50 hours of their assigned games over the course of nine weeks. At the end of the training, the action game players showed an average of 43 percent improvement in their ability to discern close shades of gray, while the Sims players showed none.
Bavelier found very practiced action gamers became 58 percent better at perceiving fine differences in contrast.
“When people play action games, they're changing the brain's pathway responsible for visual processing. These games push the human visual system to the limits and the brain adapts to it,” Bavelier said in a statement.
They said the findings show that action video-game training may be a useful complement to eye-correction techniques.
Global food prices fell sharply in May, dropping 4% from the previous month to their lowest level since September 2011, the UN Food and Agricultural Organization has said.
The FAO's Food Price Index, a monthly measure of changes in a basket of food commodities, was nine points lower at 204 points, a statement said.
That was "due to generally favourable supplies, growing global economic uncertainties and a strengthening of the US dollar," it added.
"Crop prices have come down sharply from their peak level but they remain still high and vulnerable due to risks related to weather conditions in the critical growing months ahead," FAO grain analyst Abdolreza Abbassian was quoted as saying.
Meanwhile, the organization raised its forecast for global cereal production by 48.5 million tonnes, mainly on the expectation of a bumper maize crop in the United States.
The FAO now expects 2012 output to set a record of 2.419 billion tonnes, which would be 3.2% higher than the 2011 record.
"However, with planting still to be completed and much of the crop at very early stages of development, the final outcome will depend greatly on weather conditions in the coming months," the agency noted.
On May 30, the FAO warned that one in seven people worldwide suffer from malnutrition in a report released ahead of a summit on sustainable development to be held in Rio de Janeiro June 20-22.
An FAO report called on governments to invest in infrastructure and protect the rights of the poor to food resources.
Three quarters of the world's poor live in rural areas and most of them depend on agriculture and related activities for their livelihoods, it said.
I've visited Hungary several times and recently moved here with my Hungarian wife. It's a completely different world compared to Southern California where I grew up.
1. I survived my first disznóvágás (pig slaughter).
It was early morning in September. My father-in-law and their friend, Zoli, had just slaughtered a pig; I thought I was going to puke. Steaming blood spilled across the cracked concrete. Zoli's scruffy dogs began lapping it up.
This was my first disznóvágás — or pig slaughtering. From dawn to dusk the whole family participated in dismembering the sow: the men hacked and sawed; the women labeled and bagged; I stirred the massive pot of bubbling organs. The pig's head occasionally floated to the surface. Together we made link after link of kolbász (paprika-rich sausage) and hurka (organ and rice sausage).
It was messy, but that's the reality of where meat comes from.
2. It seems like everyone smokes.
Statistically, 30% of Hungarians smoke (though I have a hard time believing it). I'll never forget the day I sat in the car waiting for my wife while they shopped. One person after another passed by, a plume of smoke floating in their wake. Twice someone appeared without a cigarette in their hand, but promptly lit up.
Another time I was in the middle of a dental procedure when the dentist's phone rang. They answered…then lit up and smoked out the window. Not to complain though: The filling cost $20 and they did a stellar job.
3. Food reigns supreme over anything and everything.
Hungarians are serious eaters. I grew up with Taco Bell, Carl's Jr. and microwaved chimichangas. Food was always a quick fix. In Hungary, food is religion. The question is always “Mi lesz az ebéd?” (What's for lunch?). And lunch is not simply a few crummy sandwiches.
Sunday family lunch here is sacred, and is nearly always a three-course affair: You'll likely have a soup, perhaps húsleves (clear broth with chicken, turkey and/or pork with vegetables), or maybe gyümölcsleves (chilled fruit soup with cream, cloves and cinnamon). Then a main course like pörkölt (meat stewed in onions, garlic and paprika), usually accompanied by savanyúság (pickles or sauerkraut) and served over nokedli (little egg dumplings).
If your host is the real deal you'll finish with dessert. Common confections include rétes (strudel), bukta (jam filled buns), diós rácsos (a sort of walnut coffee-cake), and dobos torta (a sponge cake with chocolate buttercream topped with caramel).
4. Not all toilets are created equal.
In Hungary, don't be surprised if the toilet features a shelf positioned right where your crap makes its debut. I'm guessing this is designed so that you can examine your stool (an indicator of health). Or maybe it's to minimize splashback. In any case, it's unsettling to turn around and have your little friend staring right back at you.
5. Learning Hungarian will bring you to your knees.
I've been coming to Hungary on a yearly basis for ten years now. Despite this, my Magyar is still elementary at best. I know a plethora of words and can express myself on a basic level. However, once a conversation goes deeper, I'm hopelessly lost. With its complex suffixes and vowel harmony, Hungarian is unlike any other language in the world. In fact, English has more in common with Russian and Sinhala (a Sri Lankan language) than it does with Hungarian.
6. Get used to pessimism, straightforwardness, and the Hungarian temper.
I'm not an expert on the Hungarian psyche, however, I can share what I know. As a whole, history has been unkind to the Magyar people: Relentless invasions and occupations have attempted to suppress Hungarian culture. The Mongols, the Turks, the Habsburgs, the Germans, and the Russians—they've all left deep wounds. Being suspicious, overly cautious, and critical are the resulting cultural traits.
In California people ask “How are you?” and the response is generally “I'm good. How are you?” In Hungary this question often elicits a venting response of complaints. Call it pessimism or call it realism, but Hungarians are self-expressed and to-the-point. If someone has the slightest problem with something, they're going to let you know. They might even come off as rude or blunt, but that's just the way it is here. Don't take it personally — tempers flare, decibels rise. Get used to it, bazd meg.
7. Pedestrians do NOT have the right of way.
It took me a while to get used to the fact that drivers in Hungary are not going to stop for you. I've almost been run over on multiple occasions. Drivers turning left as you're crossing (with the walk signal) will sometimes come within inches of hitting you—this happened to me recently. Many Hungarians drive fast and aggressively, and in turn have little patience with you. Look both ways before crossing and repeat, repeat, repeat.
8. Pálinka will find you and try to kill you.
This fruit brandy is ubiquitous throughout Hungary — a party isn't a party without a couple bottles of pálinka. You will be offered shots relentlessly and refusing the first is more or less an insult. Hungarian nagymamák (grandmas) swear by its powers: Have a headache? Pálinka. Menstrual pains? Pálinka. Feeling nervous? Pálinka.
9. Dubbed movies are the law of the land.
Flipping through TV channels you'll find almost every foreign show or movie is dubbed. Hungarians don't do subtitles. This, I believe, also goes back to the language; translations won't cut it. With all the nuances and peculiar expressions in Hungarian, it simply makes sense to dub.
Still, it's hilarious for me to see Arnold Schwarzenegger on the TV and hear their dubbed Hungarian voice—his trademark Austrian accent noticeably absent. Hungarian dubbing has a long history and its performers are national stars in their own right. Perhaps the most celebrated product of this is the Hungarian Flintstones. Hungarian writer and poet József Romhányi famously translated the English dialogue into a constant rhyming prose. Each episode is full of clever puns. Forget Fred and Barney — in Hungary it's Frédi és Béni.
Rate this poem Sending User Review 5 ( 3 votes)
Timed Theft
written by: Mike Bell
@MikeBellWrites
These words will not be my sick complaint,
not my dull litany of low-dulled pains –
neither bellows of my half-swallowed fears,
no sand man damming floods of tears:
Instead I will lift prizes that others miss,
those wasted seconds which they dismiss.
This is my crime spree, my timely dance,
I snatch, a poacher, trapping every chance.
Join me, in theft, even you, the still-fixed,
let us steal time before no time exists.
Please hold the torch high, it shakes in my grip,
aim the weak beam at that prize which I seek.
See there, in the shadows, a life's remains,
a lost loot of time – which is mine to gain.
I will take such disposals, all so discarded,
and burn it with verse, now herein, recorded.
These words are the ticks of my observed tongue,
all that remains of our days that have run:
I reduce the weight of my loathsome disease
by stealing the life that others leave.
The preserved historic facades and the new construction planned for Somerville High School.
Eight years after a nearly $200 million high school in Newton shattered state spending records, several cities are pursuing school projects with even larger price tags — a reflection of how the state's red-hot construction market is driving up costs.
At least two projects are on track to exceed Newton North High School's high-water mark by tens of millions of dollars: Somerville voters this month approved a $257 million reconstruction of its high school, and Waltham officials are exploring site options for a new high school that could cost $283 million.
Meanwhile, Fall River and Lowell are in the early stages of developing plans to rebuild high schools with price tags expected to exceed $200 million.
Advertisement
State and local officials stress that the high costs are not due to districts engaging in a game of one-upmanship to build Taj Mahal high schools. Most of the new projects do not include such pricey amenities as swimming pools, which prompted criticism in Newton.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Rather, officials say the price tags reflect two harsh realities: the unique challenges of rebuilding high schools on tight sites in densely populated cities, and the growing pressures all school systems face in competing with the private sector for construction contractors when there is a shortage of skilled labor.
“Any time costs go up, we have to be concerned,” said Jack McCarthy, executive director of the Massachusetts School Building Authority, which oversees the state's public school construction program. “And more and more of the costs will have to be borne by the districts.”
Matthew Malone, Fall River schools superintendent, said the investments are worthwhile.
“Building a new building will bring back new synergy and electricity to this community,” they said. “The key to economic improvement is through your public schools.”
Advertisement
The School Building Authority has spent the past several years trying to clamp down on school construction spending following public uproar over the high cost of Newton North, which included an unusual zigzag-shaped building with two theaters, a 25-yard-long pool, two gymnasiums, and pricey construction obstacles, such as granite ledges. The school was approved in 2000 initially as a modest $40 million renovation, but costs ballooned to $197 million, breaking the state record as it was being built in 2008. It opened in 2010.
A hallmark of the state's approach was the creation of a “model school program,” which enabled districts to borrow designs from other new schools to save on architectural and other fees. The School Building Authority also doesn't reimburse for items such as swimming pools or field houses.
But the model school program works mainly for districts that have the luxury of building on undeveloped land, an increasingly rare commodity in Greater Boston.
For school systems that must redevelop sites, the challenges can be huge and expensive. With 3,000 students at Lowell High School, the city will probably end up with the biggest public high school project in the state in recent memory and also one of the biggest headaches: The campus straddles one of the city's famous downtown canals, prompting officials to assess if they can build on another site.
Somerville will be rebuilding large portions of its high school on a 13-acre site along a steep hill that shares space with City Hall and the library. The project also involves building a 150-space parking garage into a hill.
Advertisement
Fall River plans to rebuild much of Durfee High School, while preserving amenities, such as the swimming pool, to keep costs down.
Waltham, hoping to avoid rebuilding on the site of its high school, is looking for land.
So far, the kind of public controversy that surrounded the Newton North project has been absent from the debate over the school projects in the four cities. In Somerville, for instance, more than 70 percent of voters approved a temporary tax hike to pay for the project, and leading up to the election, there was no organized effort to defeat the measure.
The city is covering $136 million of the project costs. Annual property taxes on a single-family home would gradually increase by $294, according to the city's website.
“I think we were very diligent and responsible in making sure that everything we asked for was absolutely necessary,” said Somerville Superintendent Mary Skipper.
The expensive development market is in sharp contrast to when the state restarted its school construction program, seeking its first funding requests from districts in 2007. After the recession hit — halting much of the construction industry — school systems that proceeded with projects benefitted from discount prices. Most high schools developed during that time cost less than $100 million, according to state data.
“Contractors were almost doing projects at cost to keep their businesses open,” said McCarthy, of the School Building Authority. “Now, the construction industry is busier than ever.”
And as more cranes went up around Boston, so did prices for school systems. That, in turn, prompted the School Building Authority to gradually raise its reimbursement rates from $275 per square foot in 2009 to $312 per square foot this year.
The authority covers between 40 percent to 80 percent of eligible project costs and has a limited amount available each year for projects based on sales tax revenue. This year that amount is $550 million.
Massachusetts schools are not alone. School construction costs have been rising from Florida to California.
But New England is the most expensive region in the nation to build schools, according to School Planning and Management, an industry publication based in California. The median per square foot cost for high schools is $388, although local construction experts say it is often higher in Massachusetts.
In some respects, erecting an office building with the same square footage of a high school can cost less. Those costs can range from an average of $180 to $450 a square foot, depending on the location and the type of building, according to the third-quarter report for 2016 by construction and property consulting firm Rider Levett Bucknall.
But Larry Spang of Arrowstreet, a Boston architecture firm that works on both school and office developments, warned against making comparisons.
“If you look at office buildings, they are pretty simple structures,” they said.
By contrast, high schools have dozens of classrooms and such expenses as auditoriums, soundproof music rooms, large cafeterias, science labs, and sometimes vocational shops. And schools, under state building standards, need to last 50 years.
“Sometimes it's penny-wise and pound-foolish if you put up dry wall in the hallways instead of cement blocks,” said Gary Frisch, assistant superintendent for finance in Lowell. “When you have 3,000 students go through a building on a day-to-day basis, that's a lot of wear and tear.”
James Vaznis can be reached at james.vaznis@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @globevaznis
Deadbeat Moms, a book by Naomi Brunner
The statistics of deadbeat moms and child abuse are alarming. It is estimated hundreds of thousands of children are physically abused each year. This is one of the few websites to address a growing problem in society that is finally beginning to generate some attention – the problem of deadbeat moms.
Did you know that according to the United States Census only 57% of moms required to pay child support for their children actually do so? Did you know that there are nearly 300,000 deadbeat moms who owe money to help take care of their children?
What's worse is that there are more and more stories showing up in newspapers, the Internet and on television of deadbeat moms who neglect, abuse and deny their children the basic care and nurturing of a mother. In extreme cases these end with heart wrenching, fatal results.
My book, Deadbeat Moms is the first book to take a serious look at the stories of real moms who have sidestepped, avoided or completely abused their positions as parents, in extreme cases even exploiting their children to meet their own needs.
With the help of psychologist Dr. Simon Casey, the goal of this book and this website is to draw greater attention to these moms and make it clear to friends, neighbors, family members, state agencies, lawmakers and the deadbeat moms themselves that their actions can no longer be tolerated, whether they need to pay financially or relinquish custody of their children if they will not accept the responsibility of raising them.
Image caption US investigators have said decisions made to cut costs contributed to the Deepwater Horizon disaster
The US has granted the first new permit for deepwater oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico since last year's spill at a BP-owned oil well there.
In a statement, a US official said Noble Energy had demonstrated it could safely drill a well 70 miles (113km) off the Louisiana coast.
The well is situated 6,500ft (1,981m) under the Gulf of Mexico.
The April blast aboard BP's Deepwater Horizon rig killed 11 people and caused one of the worst oil spills in history.
The US had approved 37 permits for shallow water drilling since new safety measures were put in place in June.
'Important step'
"This permit represents a significant milestone for us and for the offshore oil and gas industry, and is an important step towards safely developing deepwater energy supplies offshore," said Michael Bromwich, director of the US Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement.
"This permit was issued for one simple reason: the operator successfully demonstrated that it can drill its deepwater well safely and that it is capable of containing a subsea blowout if it were to occur."
Mr Bromwich said regulators anticipated granting further permits for deepwater drilling.
Noble Energy, of Houston, Texas, said previous work on the well had been suspended in June when the US put a moratorium on drilling in waters deeper than 500ft. It said it expected to resume work in March.
"Over the past several months, Noble Energy has worked with a number of operators and service providers to enhance the safety of deepwater drilling operations," company president David Stover said in a statement.
The moratorium on deepwater exploration was lifted in October.
The BP-owned Macondo well, about a mile under the Gulf of Mexico's surface, eventually leaked millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf, damaging hundreds of miles of coastline before it was capped in July.
The leak occurred after a heavy piece of kit called a blow-out preventer failed to halt the oil gushing from beneath the sea floor.
US investigators have said a combination of decisions the companies involved in the drilling operation made to cut costs and save time contributed to the disaster.
Following Negotiations, No Rockettes Will Be Required To Perform At Inauguration
toggle caption Scott Gries/Getty Images
The Radio City Rockettes deal in precision, but the story of the group agreeing to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration ceremony next month is a bit of a mess.
At least some of the dance group didn't want to perform for the incoming president's celebration, but a string of messages between dancers, their union and the troupe's ownership group over the latter part of the week caused confusion for many. Ultimately, dancers will now be able to individually choose whether or not to perform on Inauguration Day.
Let's break it down:
The latest
Late Friday, following negotiations with the Rockettes owner, the Madison Square Garden Co., and the performers' union, The American Guild of Variety Artists (AGVA), announced on Facebook that no Rockettes would be obligated to perform.
"Fortunately, the Company has agreed that ALL participation in this particular event will be voluntary. We are greatly relieved and hope to work with our Members to inform them and alleviate the anxiety and fears that this has caused."
How we got here:
Thursday
Donald Trump's transition-team and the Madison Square Garden Co. confirmed that the Rockettes would perform at the president-elect's inauguration next month.
Almost immediately, the Rockettes were coming under criticism on social media — including from one Rockette herself.
In a since deleted post on Instagram, dancer Phoebe Pearl said they were "embarrassed and disappointed" to learn of the decision.
"The women I work with are intelligent and are full of love," Pearl wrote. "The decision of performing for a man that stands for everything we're against is appalling." They added, "We have been performing with tears in our eyes and heavy hearts," with the hashtag #notmypresident.
Thursday night
Any talk of boycotting the performance seemed to be quashed by the Rockettes' union — the American Guild of Variety Artists (AGVA). In an email obtained and published by Broadwayworld.com, a union representative wrote that "Everyone is entitled to their own political beliefs, but there is no room for this in the workplace." The letter noted that dancers who are not full time did not have to sign up to perform, but "if you are fulltime, you are obligated."
The story was widely circulated by news outlets, including CNBC, Rolling Stone, the BBC, and NPR.
Friday
The Madison Square Garden Co. released a statement stating that all performances were voluntary:
"The Radio City Rockettes are proud to participate in the 58th Presidential Inaugural. For a Rockette to be considered for an event, they must voluntarily sign up and are never told they have to perform at a particular event, including the inaugural. It is always their choice. In fact, for the coming inauguration, we had more Rockettes request to participate than we have slots available. We eagerly await the inaugural celebrations."
In a post on the AGVA's Facebook page, the union stated that following a meeting, the Madison Square Garden Co. had agreed that all participation would be voluntary (though the MSG Co. seems to be saying that was the case all along.) The AGVA also clarified the language of their Thursday email, stating:
The Union never "demanded" that the Rockettes perform at the inauguration. A message was sent to the Rockettes last evening that stated the terms of their contract. There is a small group of year round Rockettes who are contractually obligated to perform at scheduled events throughout the year. We are pleased that Radio City has agreed that for those Rockettes with year-round employment, participation in this event will be voluntary as well.
College dance team faces similar backlash
So, it seems that Rockettes who don't want to participate are off the hook. But the dance troupe is not the only group coming under fire for being involved in the inauguration celebrations.
The Austin American-Statesman reported Thursday that Texas State University's dance team, The Strutters, had shut down its Twitter account following harsh criticism for agreeing to participate. It remained deleted as of midday Saturday.
Thoughts were mixed on the group's announcement on Facebook.
Several major acts, including Elton John, Garth Brooks, Celine Dion and Idina Menzel, have reportedly refused to participate in the inauguration celebrations. In response to a question from Vanity Fair about Trump's difficulty locking down performers, Menzel said, "It's karma, baby."
The proposal to the local authority calls for R&D, technology development, and flight testing to take place at the site.
The news emerges ahead of the Drones Data X conference which will be held in Mayo next month. The event is organised by Philip McNamara, USA managing director of outsources customer care company Voxpro. They said this country's "operator- friendly regulations" give it a chance to attract big drone companies here,
"The Government is very willing to be innovative when it comes to helping start-ups and helping companies. A lot of these drone companies are having issues with testing in the US. The Federal Aviation Administration are quite wary of drones...so it's very expensive for companies to apply to become commercial drone pilots.
"So large companies could have a big opportunity to say look, come to Ireland you can test in Ireland, you can develop in Ireland, and you can start up in Ireland."
Sunday Indo Business
Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) loyalist murals are pictured on Newtownards Road in Belfast, near to the Skainos Centre, where Irish language classes are taught.
Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) loyalist murals are pictured on Newtownards Road in Belfast, near to the Skainos Centre, where Irish language classes are taught.
ADVERTISING Read more
Belfast (AFP)
In the heart of a Protestant area of east Belfast, a group of students belts out a traditional Irish song as part of their weekly Gaelic language practice.
At the Skainos Community Centre, there is little sign of the bitter political dispute over a language associated more with Catholic Irish nationalism.
"It's massively growing," teacher Caoimhe Ni Chathail told AFP.  They are part of the "Turas" (Journey) project which connects people from Protestant communities to their own history with the Irish language.
After the choral practice, the biggest class of beginners the 31-year-old has ever seen take their place at the centre, which is decorated with Gaelic-language posters such "Mionna Na Bliana" -- which depicts the months of the year.
The creation of an Irish Language Act is the main obstacle standing between Catholic Irish republicans Sinn Fein and the Protestant, pro-British Democratic Unionist Party in negotiations -- ongoing since March -- to form a power-sharing government in Belfast.
Enthusiastic vocalist and former English teacher Linda Ervine, director of the Turas programme, said Gaelic "has been used in a political sense to represent one particular viewpoint".
While Gaelic is the first official language of the Republic of Ireland, in Northern Ireland, part of the United Kingdom, it is only an officially-recognised minority language.
The last census in 2011 found that almost 11 percent claimed some familiarity with Gaelic; 3.7 percent claimed they could speak, read, write and understand it.
However, just 4,130 people, 0.2 percent of the population, said it was their main language -- fewer than those who said Polish and Lithuanian.
Paul Lynas, a retired public servant who has been attending classes for just over three years, said they did not care about any political associations.
"Protestants who came from Scotland, many of them would have spoken Scots Gaelic and Protestants have always been involved in Gaelic," they told AFP.
"I really don't see it as anything revolutionary."
- Gaelic revival -
The school provoked a mixed response from the Protestant Unionist community when it opened in a local Methodist church in 2011.
"Some people left the church... and we've had some verbal abuse on Facebook," Ervine said.
Since then, the project has flourished with classes mushrooming from one per week to 13.
More than 160 students ranging from beginners to experts, children to adults take part in the free singing lessons, group chats and classes.
A couple of pensioners set up near two friends in their 20s, while a young girl in a beige hooded sweater sits next to a distinguished-looking middle-aged man in a dark suit and red tie as they take down notes.
The revival of interest in the Gaelic language is reflected in the education system.
In 2014/2015, some 5,256 primary school children were enrolled in an Irish-language curriculum, double the number of a decade earlier.
Ervine, said: "They expect this number to double within the next 15 years."
© 2017 AFP
Odin Sphere: Leifthrasir ‘Alchemy & Cooking' trailer
Mix, match, and hope for the best.
Atlus has released a new trailer for Odin Sphere: Leifthrasir introducing alchemy and cooking.
In the original game, players could only brew potions by obtaining a recipe and mixing a singular item with a liquid magic called a “material.” In Leifthrasir, you can also merge existing potions with an item to create different mixtures. That means you can brew potions by either combining a material and item(s), or by combining a potion with an item. Potions can now be merged with each other and/or food to increase potency, and more potion/mixing combinations have been introduced. You also don't need recipes in order to create these bottles of magic. You can now randomly mix, match, and hope for the best.
As for cooking, the biggest update in Leifthrasir is the “Rest Areas” players will discover during levels. Here, players will enter Pooka chef Maury's Touring Restaurant, where if you have the right ingredients, he'll cook delicious meals that restore HP and raise your experience points.
Odin Sphere: Leifthrasir is due out for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita in North America on June 7, and in Europe in June.
Watch the trailer below. View a new set of screenshots at the gallery.
Gal Gadot arrives at the world premiere of “Wonder Woman” in Los Angeles in May. (Jordan Strauss/Invision via Associated Press)
Oscar season, like the political campaigns that Hollywood's ugly step-cousins obsess over, seems to start earlier every cycle. So it shouldn't come as any surprise that lobbying and jockeying for position have already begun in earnest for dark-horse contenders looking to better their odds in the brutal race to come. One long shot that should stay on the outside looking in?
“Wonder Woman.”
It was hard to miss the spate of headlines declaring the Amazonian's candidacy last week. Variety got the ball rolling with a report that Warner Bros. is considering a big-time push for the film to get the best picture nomination and for director Patty Jenkins to get a nod. And the reason Warner Bros. thinks now's the time for a comic book to break through the pulp ceiling? The film's brilliant artistry? Its director's impressive filmmaking chops? The genius performances?
Nah. It's just partisan politics. Or identity politics. Or some lame combination of the two.
“Insiders report strong reactions to the screening of ‘Wonder Woman' at the Academy, as it's been championed by a liberal Hollywood and a reinvigorated wave of feminism in response to Donald Trump,” Ramin Setoodeh reported. “The studio will also stump Patty Jenkins for best director, which would also be groundbreaking. No director of a comic-book film — not even Christopher Nolan — has ever been nominated, and only men have ruled the category since (and before) Kathryn Bigelow won the Oscar for ‘The Hurt Locker' in 2010.”
Needless to say, the woke brigades were keen to hop on the bandwagon. And industry watchers all over are hyping its chances: Forbes, Collider, HuffPost, Esquire, etc. Everyone loves a good Oscar story, and everyone in the media loves to look nice and progressive — so everyone loves “Wonder Woman.”
And, for purely ideological reasons, I wish I could get on board with this campaign! After all, as I noted in my review of the film, it's not every day that a major Hollywood blockbuster treats enhanced interrogation techniques for laughs and views as villainous politicians whose pursuit of peace will only cause more death and destruction. It tickles my interventionist bones in just the right places to see a movie about the need for the strong to protect the weak reception near-unanimous praise from liberal film critics who undoubtedly sneered at Dubya's second inauguration. I'd love to stick it to the prigs in the Arab states that boycotted this film for daring to star an Israeli actor. If political considerations are to trump artistic ones, well, hey: There's a great right-wing case to be made for “Wonder Woman.”
Alas, I'm the naive sort that believes artistry should matter in the race for the Oscars. Leave aside the question of whether or not the Academy should nominate comic book films — and, for the record, I think it should, along with other genres that often get ignored such as comedies and sci-fi — and just consider the simple fact that “Wonder Woman” is, frankly, the third-best comic book film of the year.
At best.
Again: I quite liked “Wonder Woman”! But it is strangely deficient in ways that matter to comic books. Just as a for-instance: Explain, citing examples from the film, the limit of Diana's powers and the extent of their vulnerabilities. I don't need to know how those bracelets work, exactly — I'll save that level of pedantry for Neil deGrasse Tyson. “Magic” is a fine answer — but it would be useful to know how often they can use them, how limited their range is.
As far as storytelling or filmmaking goes, there are other, superior options in the genre. “Logan” was a surprisingly poignant meditation on the ravages of old age and the pain of letting go of elderly loved ones. (As a bonus, it too had something to say about our times.) “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” meanwhile, was funnier than “Wonder Woman” with a better finale, a more absorbing and relatable villain, and a more impressive supporting cast.
And, honestly, “Atomic Blonde” is probably the most absorbing film adapted from a comic book starring a woman released this year: The Cold War action-spy flick — “Tinker Tailor Soldier John Wick,” if you will — starring Charlize Theron is intricately plotted and shot with a sort of garish beauty, half blinding neon, half brutalist decrepitude. It also has the single best fight sequence of the year, a 20-or-so-minute, faux-single-shot scene staged in a way that makes you feel the exhaustion that comes with extended hand-to-hand combat. It's a technical marvel, one of those real “wow, how did they do that?” sequences, the subtle fakery and hidden edits of which put the CGI bluster of “Wonder Woman” to shame. Plus, for those of you looking to check off more identity politics boxes, it'd be one of the few films to garner a nomination that starred a bisexual lead character. So it's got that going for it.
I know we fan of comic-book movies have been clamoring for a flick like “Wonder Woman” to break the pulp ceiling for years now, but there's an important question we need to ask ourselves: Do we really want the third (or fourth) best comic-book movie in the year it was released to be the one to do it? I'm not saying “Wonder Woman” doesn't deserve some nominations or even the odd win — I could be persuaded to throw Chris Pine a statue for their stirring supporting work — but, as someone who quite enjoys both comic-book movies and the Oscars, I do hope we could hold off on politicizing and devaluing the award in quite so naked a fashion.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2013 February 15
Shadows Across Jupiter
Image Credit & Copyright: Damian Peach
Explanation: Two dark shadows loom across the banded and mottled cloud tops of Jupiter in this sharp telescopic view. In fact, captured on January 3rd, about a month after the ruling gas giant appeared at opposition in planet Earth's sky, the scene includes the shadow casters. Visible in remarkable detail at the left are the large Galilean moons Ganymede (top) and Io. With the two moon shadows still in transit, Jupiter's rapid rotation has almost carried its famous Great Red Spot (GRS) around the planet's limb from the right. The pale GRS was preceded by the smaller but similar hued Oval BA, dubbed Red Spot Jr., near top centre. North is down in the inverted image.
A group of atheists in Utah is considering taking legal action after the owners of a Christian printing company refused to print T-shirts for an LGBT Pride Parade, saying that the anti-God message “demeaned” their beliefs.
Atheists of Utah said that it was unaware that TIKI Printing had objections to doing business with non-Christian groups when it contacted the company to create pink T-shirts with the message “Gotta Be Real Cuz God Ain't!”
“I found it quite shocking that an organization that stated that they were Christian would not do business with someone because they were not Christian,” Atheists of Utah member Connie Anast told KUTV.
TIKI Printing owner Sam Saltzman explained that the T-shirts were a personal attack on their faith.
“We weren't going to be the delivery method for that message that demeaned our beliefs,” they insisted.
Saltzman, however, said that the company would print the back of the T-shirts with only the website address of atheistsofutah.org.
“When you cross the line and become personal and really demean my beliefs and my morals… is when I draw the line,” they added.
In a post on Facebook, Atheists of Utah said that the group “wouldn't have contacted them if we had known ahead of time that they would refuse our business.”
“And just as they have every right to hold those beliefs, we have every right to let everybody know about them who may not want to spend money with a company who would discriminate against someone else for their views on religion.”
[Photo credit: Facebook/Atheists of Utah]
In Post-Harvey Houston, Immigrants Struggle As The City Grapples With How To Help
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter Breslow/NPR Peter Breslow/NPR
When Hurricane Harvey hit Houston in August, Tosha Atibu and their husband Atibu Ty Ty were asleep in their home with their children. A neighbor woke them up to tell them the water was rushing up the street.
"It was really scary situation. ... the water was coming in from the front yard, from the back yard, flooding everywhere. We had to act immediately," Tosha Atibu says.
They grabbed what they could — a few documents — and went onto the roof. They tried to phone for help, but couldn't reach the overwhelmed authorities. So the family waded into the water in search of safety.
They lost everything.
A devastating blow
Now three months later, and the Atibus are living in two motel rooms. The children — Germaine, Sarafina, Joshua and Etienne — were just about to head off to school when NPR's Weekend Edition stopped by. Their room has the semi-controlled chaos of three teenagers and one 6-year-old sharing the same space.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter Breslow/NPR Peter Breslow/NPR
"I just miss the fact that I can't sleep at home — I wish I could go back, but there's a lot of work at home. We'll have to wait to finish the work so we can go back," says Germain, 17, the eldest.
Seraphina, 13, says it's been hard to study with hardly any privacy.
Etienne says he's been sleeping badly.
"We feel sleepy. Sometimes we don't concentrate in class," they say.
Things are tough all around.
Tosha and Atibu Ty Ty tell NPR the loss of their home has been a devastating blow for the family, who arrived in the U.S. in 2009 as refugees from Goma, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It's not the first home they've lost their home to a natural disaster. More than a decade ago, they lost their house in the DRC in a volcanic eruption.
Atibu Ty Ty, who was a civil servant, later became a political prisoner. After their release, the family escaped to Kenya, where they spent years in a refugee camp. And then, Tosha says, they were told they were going to a city called Houston in the United States. They didn't know where it was.
"We were like, 'Oh, wow this must be a good opportunity! This is good.' At least we were going somewhere away from the refugee camp. We were excited, actually."
America's most diverse city
Houston has become the most diverse city in the country through migrations similar to the Atibus family's. The city is one of the biggest centers for refugee resettlement in America. That's meant that people coming from almost anywhere in the world can find a community in the city that will help them get ahead.
Tosha and Atibu Ty Ty were able to get jobs pretty quickly. They became active in a Congolese church. And then in 2012, they got a house through Habitat for Humanity.
Life in their new city was good.
"As a family, I was really wishing one day to be in a big house with my kids having enough space and having a good environment. You know? It was really a good experience. We really liked the house. ...We felt relieved, we felt settled and we felt comfortable," Tosha says.
Things are looking very different post-Harvey. Tosha is unemployed. Them husband lost their car in the flood, so they can't make money as an Uber driver. They are using FEMA aid for repairs and to pay for their motel rooms.
It is not enough.
'You have to start from scratch again'
Houston is grappling with how to help thousands of people who, like the Atibus family, are still struggling. A new survey from the Kaiser Family Foundation found that nearly half the people affected by Harvey haven't received the help they need. The city says the plan is to open 20 "neighborhood resource centers" to focus on recovery at the hyper-local level.
Marvin Odum has been tasked with overseeing Harvey recovery for the whole city. They say these centers have been launched with immigrant populations in mind.
"The very fact that the recovery has been designed neighborhood by neighborhood is based on us wanting to watch out for that very important characteristic of Houston. Houston is the most diverse city in the U.S. How do we preserve that? That's why we mention getting people back in their homes, in the same neighborhoods, the same schools and going to the same businesses," Odem said.
The first — and so far only — resource center opened four weeks ago. NPR visited last Wednesday. It was crowded with people waiting for help.
The idea behind the center is one-stop shopping. Everyone who comes is assigned a case manager and there are many booths with staff who can deal with a variety of issues, in a variety of languages.
Donna Travis, a division manager with the Houston Health Department, is helping oversee this operation. They say low-income populations, including many immigrants, are the most vulnerable when disaster strikes.
"What we're seeing in that particular population is that it's more difficult to rise above the impacts of the storm. They may not have the funds to move past this as someone who does have the funds. It's like, what do you do? You have to start from scratch again, and for the vulnerable populations, low-income populations, that is very, very difficult," they said.
The worry for immigrants is that post-Harvey hardships will disrupt the fabric of their communities, driving people away, making it harder for them to thrive in the city.
'America will look like Houston looks today'
Houston's population has been booming, says Stephen Klineberg, a professor of sociology at Rice University and the founder of the Kinder Institute for Urban Research, which does regular surveys of Houston.
Almost all the growth has been pushed by the influx of African-Americans, Latinos and Asians.
"This southern city, dominated for most of its history by white men, has become the most diverse in the nation," says Klineberg.
They came here after the collapse of the oil boom in the 1980s. There was inexpensive housing, along with very good jobs for both high-skilled and low-skilled workers.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter Breslow/NPR Peter Breslow/NPR
Klineberg says the more immigrants come, the more it attracts others from those communities. Where goes Houston, they say, so goes America.
"The census tells us all America will look like Houston looks today, in 25 years," Klineberg said.
In Houston today, 78 languages are spoken in the public schools, and surveys show the residents of the city have embraced the increasing diversity.
The Atibu family is part of that story.
Tosha and Atibu Ty Ty took NPR to their home, which they are now in the final stages of repairing. The walls are painted. On our visit, they are dragging in newly bought kitchen cabinets.
They initially hired contractors to do some of the work, but the FEMA funds weren't enough. So now they're both pitching in to finish up the rest.
The house is empty, and they don't know how they will afford new furniture. But that hasn't stopped them. In a life marked by many setbacks, they are still dreaming of a better future. They are rushing to get everything ready for the kids for Christmas, so Tosha can cook their traditional meal of sombe, a Congolese dish made with ground cassava leaves.
"You know, as a family, we would like to be together and celebrate together and have fun together being in our house" this Christmas, Tosha says.
Like the many immigrants who have come before them, even after Harvey, Tosha and Atibu Ty Ty say that Houston is home now, and they have no plans to leave.
Thousands turn out to hear Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn in Liverpool on Augist 1.
If you watch footage of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn out and about — whether addressing rallies from fire engines, squeezing through scrums of reporters or posing with large vegetables — you'll probably spot some of the same faces nearby.
Marshajane Thompson is regularly part of the entourage of the veteran socialist politician — who is facing a leadership challenge from corporate media-backed ex-corporate lobbyist Owen Smith. Thompson was at the heart of Corbyn's successful campaign for the Labour leadership last year — and has played a big role in its evolution into the Momentum movement.
Momentum is a grassroots group that aims to mobilise support for Corbyn's socialist and radical democratic platform, which has organised big rallies and meetings to defend Corbyn from attacks by right-wing Labour MPs.
But how did Thompson get involved in the first place? They said that Shadow Chancellor and key Corbyn ally John McDonnell, who headed Corbyn's campaign last year, “has been a comrade since 2006 — I worked on their own Labour leadership campaign in 2007 — asked me to be the London organiser and soon after I was appointed joint social media co-ordinator.”
Thompson said: “We all knew that social media was going to be really important for the campaign and it's now widely recognised that it was one of the key reasons for Jeremy's stunning success — both by mobilising support quickly and communicating a positive message directly to millions of people.”
The JezWeCan movement took off instantly, catching almost everybody by surprise. Support for Corbyn was soon being measured in unheard of numbers.
“Over 100,000 supporters liked the Jeremy4Leader Facebook page during the campaign and we had a reach of over five million,” Thompson recounted.
“Since then, our team has continued running the JeremyCorbyn4PM accounts on Twitter and Facebook as a grassroot social media campaign — and we now have 200,000 followers and a reach of 14 million.”
This will come in useful while Corbyn defends their leadership over the next two months. And, once again, Thompson will be in the thick of it as the Corbyn campaign's “head of events”, which means “I'll be co-ordinating rallies up and down the country”.
Despite not being a public figure, Thompson has attracted the right-wing media's attention. On July 23, the Daily Mail “profiled” the activists accompanying Corbyn at a campaign event — charmingly headlining them their “gaggle of besotted groupies.”
Thompson hit back: “The article was a shameful attack — sexualising a group of campaigning women, picking over our appearance and dismissing all of our political achievements.
“This kind of gutter journalism is designed to ridicule all women who take a stand and adds to the atmosphere of sexist bullying that leads to women disengaging in politics.
“Of course people should be held to account, but what resources do these volunteers have to respond with? It's designed to intimidate and slander and is particularly hard for young activists new to the movement.”
Shamefully, the paper also repeated discredited claims that Thompson has a “conviction for election fraud,” first made by disgraced journalist and ex-Boris Johnson lackey Andrew Gilligan in the Telegraph in February.
Thompson patiently explains: “I have written to every paper that has inaccurately reported this but they have so far refused to withdraw the false claims and in fact keep repeating them.”
These media manipulations seem to be a key part of the campaign against Corbyn's leadership.
Momentum, of which Thompson is on the national committee, is under constant attack by MPs and the media who try to dishonestly portray it as an aggressive army of abusive thugs. I ask them why so much effort has gone into smearing this group.
“I've been an active member of Momentum since its inception and it has inspired thousands of people to get involved in politics for the first time and re-engaged others.
“This follows years of neglect, with the main political parties talking to each other and ignoring the vast majority of the country. People finally feel like there's a point to becoming politically active.
“Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum are empowering people, which is why so much effort has gone into smearing us. We are a threat to the status quo and the belief held by a narrow political elite at the top that it is their unquestionable right to hold power.”
Shedding light on why many members of the Parliamentary Labour Party have reacted so badly to Corbyn's election victory, they pointed out: “For years, some MPs just did whatever they liked in Westminster, but now they are being held to account by their constituents and are having to justify their actions.
“Whenever people are a threat to the Establishment and the cosy relationship they have with big business, we get smeared as a rabble, dogs and the like, but those smear attempts have failed because instead our movement is just getting stronger.
“Jeremy's going to win this contest with an even bigger mandate and then we will carry on taking the fight to the Tories.”
[Abridged from Morning Star Online.]
sundew with a leaf bent around a fly trapped by mucilage.
Mucilage is a thick, gluey substance produced by nearly all plants and some microorganisms. These microorganisms include protists which use it for their locomotion. The direction of their movement is always opposite to that of the secretion of mucilage[1]. It is a polar glycoprotein and an exopolysaccharide. Mucilage in plants plays a role in the storage of water and food, seed germination, and thickening membranes. Cacti (and other succulents) and flax seeds especially are rich sources of mucilage[2].
Occurrence [ edit ]
Exopolysaccharides are the most stabilising factor for microaggregates and are widely distributed in soils. Therefore, exopolysaccharide-producing "soil algae" play a vital role in the ecology of the world's soils. The substance covers the outside of, for example, unicellular or filamentous green algae and cyanobacteria. Amongst the green algae especially, the group Volvocales are known to produce exopolysaccharides at a certain point in their life cycle. It occurs in almost all plants, but usually in small amounts. It is frequently associated with substances like tannins and alkaloids.[3]
Mucilage has a unique purpose in some carnivorous plants. The plant genera Drosera (sundews), Pinguicula, and others have leaves studded with mucilage-secreting glands, and use a "flypaper trap" to capture insects.[4]
Human uses [ edit ]
Glass container for mucilage, from the first half of the 20th century.
Mucilage is edible. It is used in medicine as it relieves irritation of mucous membranes by forming a protective film. Traditionally, marshmallows were made from the extract of the mucilaginous root of the marshmallow plant (Althaea officinalis) as a cough medicine. The inner bark of the slippery elm (Ulmus rubra), a North American tree species, has long been used as a demulcent and is still produced commercially for that purpose.[5]
Mucilage mixed with water has been used as a glue, especially for bonding paper items such as labels, postage stamps, and envelope flaps.[6] Differing types and varying strengths of mucilage can also be used for other adhesive applications, including gluing labels to metal cans, wood to china, and leather to pasteboard.[7] During the fermentation of nattō soybeans, extracellular enzymes produced by the bacterium Bacillus natto react with soybean sugars to produce mucilage. The amount and viscosity of the mucilage are important nattō characteristics, contributing to nattō's unique taste and smell.
The mucilage of two kinds of insectivorous plants, sundew (Drosera)[8] and butterwort (Pinguicula),[9] is used for the traditional production of a variant of the yoghurt-like Swedish dairy product called filmjölk.[10][11]
Ecological implications for plants [ edit ]
The presence of mucilage in seeds affects important ecological processes in some plant species, such as tolerance of water stress, competition via allelopathy, or facilitation of germination through attachment to soil particles.[12][13][14] Some authors have also suggested a role of seed mucilage in protecting DNA material from irradiation damage.[15] The amount of mucilage produced per seed has been shown to vary across the distribution range of a species, in relation with local environmental conditions of the populations.[16]
Plant sources [ edit ]
The following plants are known to contain far greater concentrations of mucilage than is typically found in most plants:
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The allure of high quality design is strong, and that's why the Feather limited edition Wood Handle Stainless WS-D2S double edge razor is hard to resist. Durable and precise, yet sleek in visual design, this razor is unparalleled in its field: it comes with a matte stainless steel cap, handle top, and base, strengthening its integrity. The mid-section of the handle is made of a bold wax-infused black wood, water repellent and easy to grip when wet. On the head of the razor, you'll find a double-sided closed-comb edge, allowing you a smooth, graceful shave. Smooth, heavy, and solid to the touch, this razor fits perfectly into the included stand. Every article of this razor has been constructed with the highest level of precision and care. A beacon of Japanese artistry, this razor will raise the bar for all your shaving experiences to come. Three-piece design
Packaged in a black box
Feather stand included. Established in 1932, Feather Safety Razor Co. started out as a manufacturer of disposable razor blades and later expanded into other industries such as medical and industrial instruments. Producing high-quality instruments, the company continues to improve as it continues to innovate. Razor weight: 2.3 oz (66 g)
Length: 4.3 inches (110 mm) Made in Japan
We offer FREE SHIPPING for qualified US orders, after all discounts, including vouchers for reward points, and before applicable taxes and shipping charges. Gift card purchases do not count toward the minimum requirement. This free shipping offer may not be combined with any other discounts or promotions. Eligible customers must select the free shipping option during the checkout process to take advantage of the offer. Orders over $35, qualify for FREE standard shipping. Orders over $100 benefit from FREE Priority 3-Day Shipping. A preferred carrier can be selected at checkout. Estimated delivery times for free shipping options: Standard Shipping: 2-8 working days
Priority 3-Day Shipping: 1-3 working days Unfortunately, because of high shipping costs, we cannot offer free shipping for: Orders outside U.S.A.
Orders from Alaska, Hawaii, Associated States, Puerto Rico, US Military Addresses (APO, AFO, etc). For orders that do not qualify for Free Shipping, we offer discounted shipping rates. To calculate the rate to your destination, click on the "Estimate shipping cost" link on the shopping cart page. Shipping charges vary depending on the location, size, and weight of the package. For more information about shipping policies click here.
CHICAGO — A week ago, Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Police Superintendent Garry F. McCarthy stood together, shoulder to shoulder, as this city released long-sought video of a white police officer shooting a black teenager 16 times along a Chicago street last year. But after nights of demonstration that followed the video's release and growing calls for changes at the city's Police Department and beyond, Mr. Emanuel stood alone at a lectern on Tuesday to say that they had dismissed Mr. McCarthy.
It was a sudden shift for Mr. Emanuel, who had brought Mr. McCarthy to Chicago more than four years ago and had expressed confidence in their work as recently as last week. And it highlighted the intensifying public and political pressure Mr. Emanuel faces over the shooting of the teenager, Laquan McDonald; the integrity of the department's handling of their death; and the city's resistance to releasing the video. The footage became public last week only after a judge's order.
Facing pointed questions on Tuesday about why the city had not released the video early this year, when Mr. Emanuel was in a heated re-election battle, they said, “We have a practice, not unique to Chicago, that you don't do anything as it relates to material evidence that would hamper, hinder, compromise an investigation.” They added: “Yet it's clear you all want and the public deserves that information. There are two conflicting principles.”
Image Mayor Rahm Emanuel Credit Ashlee Rezin/Sun-Times Media, via Associated Press
Mr. Emanuel, a Democrat who was elected to a second term, also acknowledged that broad change was needed in the Police Department. They announced a task force that they said would take a hard look at accountability, oversight and training at the department. And they said they had to work to build the public's confidence — both in the police and in himself.
Following their original announcement, Instagram has begun rolling out live video to all their US users. To commemorate the occasion Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, Instagram's CEO and CTO respectively are live streaming the event over at the official Instagram account. Instagram's live video feature is another way the company is hoping to promote sharing freely and in the moment.
As the feature is brand new, Instagram has opted to keep it stateside for now. On Instagram's official announcement live stream Systrom explained that live video would soon be rolling out to all global users. Instagram's live video is one of the many new features the company has released in the past few months as it's begun to introduce new features to the overall application. A few weeks back Instagram also released a disappearing photos and videos features built directly into direct messaging.
We're celebrating this week's release of LIVE video in the US! Join us live on Instagram in a just few minutes 🎉 https://t.co/0ZMkk1j23w pic.twitter.com/LqHgLyF0De — Instagram (@instagram) December 12, 2016
To get started with Instagram Live, swipe right on your main Instagram feed to move to the Instagram Story view. From there, a Live option will be present next to the Normal, and Boomerang options. Instagram states that when going live, your friends may get a notification that you have gone live so that they can tune in. While live, you can pin a comment for everyone to see, or even turn off comments altogether.
If you don't currently see the live option just yet, force quit the Instagram iOS application to help trigger it's visibility in Instagram. For more support on the new feature, be sure to check out Instagram's Help Center.
Those who want to take full advantage of the volatility of the crypto market are constantly switching between different exchanges. Prices often differ considerably between crypto exchanges. The use of fiat money and trading in futures and options within the crypto market is also difficult. Dimensions Network recognizes these problems and launches a trading platform that has to combine the advantages of the centralized and decentralized world.
What is Dimensions Network?
In its whitepaper, Dimensions Network immediately indicates that they want to be a serious player with a business model that generates profits: “Blockchain technology has a number of technical challenges which need to be solved before it can become mainstream. Numerous organizations have formed to address these challenges, and the majority are working on the necessary Research and Development to take cryptocurrencies to the next level. In most cases there is not a clear path for a Return on Investment for those funding the projects. Dimensions Network approaches the cryptocurrency ecosystem in a business‐centric and operative way.”
The revenue model that Dimensions Network wants to introduce is a hybrid trading platform. Through this trading platform you can trade in cryptocurrency, but options and futures are also offered. Dimensions Network wants to apply for bank licenses in different countries in order to make it possible to deposit and withdraw fiat money.
Further in time, the company wants to switch to a decentralized platform by using blockchain technology. This creates a platform that's completely open and transparent. Users of Dimensions Network would, after launching the decentralized platform, be given the choice of which of the two techniques they would like to use.
In addition, Dimensions Network wants to make it possible to trade on other exchanges by using its platform. You then get the opportunity to purchase cryptocoins via this start-up at the exchange where they are cheapest at that moment. That would save you lots time and energy. At the moment you have to keep an eye on where the price is the lowest, transfer your cryptocurrency to that exchange and then finally you can purchase the currency. Dimensions Network would make that process redundant.
What can you do with the token?
Dimensions Network introduces the Strike Coin. The coin is primarily intended as a reward token. In other words: if you own a Strike Coin, you are entitled to a share of profit. Dimensions Network distributes fifteen percent of the fees collected via the platform from the owners of the Strike Coin. This payment will take place every three months in Ethereum tokens.
What does the roadmap look like?
The company has now launched phase 1 of their product. There is a demo of the platform live, which can be viewed at its website. This month, Dimensions Network wants to bring the Alpha version of the platform live. A small public launch must then take place in January next year, after which the platform will be further marketed. Through the Dimensions Network Telegram, the team told us the ICO was postponed to January next year, because the company first wanted to launch a working product.
Why this ICO?
The development of such a platform requires funding and the developers try to get that funding through this ICO. In addition, the Strike Coin must be issued in order to allow the distribution of the share of profit.
What are the details of this ICO?
Total coins issued 240.000.000 STC Coins at sale
144.000.000 STC Price 1 Ether brings you 800 STC Bonus No. Dividend 15% of the revenues from transactions are redistributed among the owners of STC. Data From the 24th of January 2018 untill the 24th of February 2018
Video
In the video below, the Dimensions Network team explains how the concept works.
More information
Although Ico-blog.com has complete control over the editorial content of the above article, it receives a fee for writing an article about this ICO.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Friday rejected an effort by Joaquin Guzman, the accused Mexican drug lord known as “El Chapo,” to dismiss a massive international narcotics conspiracy indictment on the ground they were extradited improperly to Brooklyn.
FILE PHOTO: Recaptured drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman is escorted by soldiers at the hangar belonging to the office of the Attorney General in Mexico City, Mexico January 8, 2016. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo
While not challenging the merits of the case, Guzman's lawyers claimed that the indictment violated the extradition treaty between the United States and Mexico because Mexican authorities initially agreed to extradite their client only to southern California or western Texas.
The lawyers questioned how Mexico could have suddenly consented to have U.S. authorities hurry Guzman to Brooklyn in New York City to face charges other than those for which their extradition had been sought, violating the so-called Rule of Specialty.
But in a brief order, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said Guzman had no legal right to challenge the Brooklyn indictment because Mexico had not objected to it.
Cogan also said the federal appeals court in Manhattan, whose jurisdiction includes the Brooklyn courthouse, upheld this principle in late July in an unrelated case.
“Here, there is no protest or objection by Mexico, nor is there an express provision in the extradition treaty between the United States and Mexico,” Cogan wrote. “Therefore, defendant's motion to dismiss the indictment based on an alleged Rule of Specialty violation is denied.”
Michelle Gelernt, a federal public defender representing Guzman, in an email said their office was “disappointed, but not surprised” with the order.
“We still believe Mr. Guzman's rights under the treaty were violated, and given that other circuit courts give the defendant the right to object to violations of extradition treaties, hope that the Supreme Court will decide this issue favorably to Mr. Guzman,” they said.
Prosecutors accused Guzman, 60, of running a global cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine smuggling operation as the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, and playing a major role in a decade-long Mexican drug war where more than 100,000 people have died.
Guzman faces life in prison if convicted.  They are being held without bail.
Plumes of blood are being poured into an idyllic bay in Canada, right along British Columbia's largest wild salmon migration route. Not only is this graphic footage a truly bizarre sight to see, it's raising some important questions about the environment and its wild fish.
The stream of blood comes from an exit pipe that's believed to belong to a farmed Atlantic salmon processing plant, Brown's Bay Packing Company, near Campbell River on Vancouver Island, Canada. The visceral footage (below) was shot by local filmmaker Tavish Campbell during a series of dives in April, June, and October of this year.
“As I approached the outpour pipe and my light illuminated the bloody water, I think I just about choked on my regulator. It was unbelievable,” Campbell say in the clip.
This gory outpour is now raising fears of blood-borne viruses in fish, not least because a third of all the wild salmon in British Columbia swim past this bay. Along with documenting the incredible footage, Campbell also collected samples of the "blood water" from the outpouring and sent them to a scientist for analysis. The samples tested positive for numerous pathogens, including intestinal worms and piscine reovirus (PVR). This contagious disease is not dangerous to humans, however it can cause drastic damage to the heart and skeletal muscle of salmon.
The salmon farming industry in BC are telling a different story, however. Brown's Bay Packing Company claim in a statement on their website that they disinfect all discharge before it is released into the marine environment based on the Norwegian model, which is perfectly legal. The BC Salmon Farmers Association have also defended the processing plant.
Fish farming recently overtook captured fisheries as the leading per capita supplier of fish. Much of this boom has been fueled by rising fears of wild fish stocks. Nevertheless, farmed salmon and other forms of aquaculture have come under a lot of heat in recent years. For example, diseases can thrive among the densely farmed fish, which pose a risk to wild fish.
The footage has caught the attention of the local public and politicians seem to be listening.
“I had the same reaction that British Columbians and Canadians did: what is going on here?” said the Minister of Environment of British Columbia, George Heyman, after being questioned on the issue in parliament. They went on to say that the authorities are now going to review the samples taken by Campbell and will take further samples of the blood water if required.
-
Since the beginning of the Obama administration, federal authorities have operated under a quota system mandated by Congress for immigration detentions that has proven costly for taxpayers but beneficial for private prison companies.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), which oversees Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), has had to maintain enough space in detention centers for 34,000 immigrants a day, as a result of legislation approved by Congress five years ago. Keeping that many beds available, regardless of the actual need, has consumed more than $2 billion a year, according to the Center for American Progress (CAP), a progressive think tank.
“An estimated 70 percent of immigrants in detention facilities fall into the mandatory detention category; this means that 30 percent of the 34,000 immigrants detained each day would be eligible for release if not for the quota,” according to CAP. “Removing the quota would save taxpayers at least $600 million per year and prevent tens of thousands of people from unnecessary imprisonment.”
However, taking this action would remove millions of dollars from the pockets of those who run private prisons where immigrants are detained.
In fact, companies like Corrections Corporation of America (CCA), the Geo Group and others are paid to hold nearly two-thirds of all immigrants detained each day under the government's program. And that's not by accident. CCA and the Geo Group have spent more than $15 million lobbying since 2005. They've gotten a good return on their investment: CCA receives $752 million from all its federal contracts each year.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
New Analysis and Infographics Show the Dangerous and Costly Effects of Detainee Bed Quotas (Center for American Progress)
Congress' Costly Detention Quota: A Little-Known Congressional Quota is Placing LGBT Immigrants in Grave Danger (Center for American Progress)
Infographic: Detention Means Big Money for For-Profit Prisons (Center for American Progress)
Congress Mandates Jail Beds for 34,000 Immigrants as Private Prisons Profit (by William Selway and Margaret Newkirk, Bloomberg)
Private Prisons Punish States for not Having Enough Prisoners (by Matt Bewig, AllGov)
Private Prison Company to Demand 90% Occupancy (by Noel Brinkerhoff and David Wallechinsky, AllGov)
MusikUniverse.mu conducted an interview with SLIPKNOT singer Corey Taylor at last weekend's Heavy Montreal festival in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. You can now watch the chat below. A couple of excerpts follow (transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET).
On the possibility of SLIPKNOT's festival Knotfest growing into a full-fleged traveling event:
"There's been talk about it. My problem is that it's a little more than I wanna grow Knotfest right now. I wanted it to kind of grow in increments and slowly expand. I think if we turned Knotfest into a big tour, then we would lose a lot of the elements that make it so cool. It wouldn't be a two to three days anymore, it would be a one-day thing, and we wouldn't be able to bring out a lot of the elements that we like, like the carnivals and the museum and stuff. So it's definitely a conversation that's going on right now, that we're trying to figure out. But, you know, I mean, never say never. Let's see what happens."
"We're gonna continue to do the Knotfest shows. Right now we're trying to figure out how big to make them and how to expand it. My idea was to do maybe ten weekends in diferent places — maybe five in the U.S., a couple up in Canada, and maybe one down in Mexico City. Just try to expand it like that, so people get the actual experience of it, and you're not running yourself into the ground trying to chase something that it isn't. So that's what we're looking at right now."
On how SLIPKNOT bassist Alessandro "Vman" Venturella is doing after being rushed to a hospital earlier in the month during the group's concert in Hartford:
"Vman is great. Last night in Toronto was their first show back on stage; they had been playing back behind the set cards, just resting as much as possible, getting their legs back together. They went and saw the doctor again for a check-up. They gave them the 'A-OK,' and he's doing good. We're just right kind of watching them and seeing how he's doing. And he's doing great."
SLIPKNOT's "Summer's Last Stand" tour kicked off on July 24 in West Palm Beach, Florida, and will wrap up on September 5 in Dallas.
Mostly, they just shook their heads and sighed. Those who dared wade in had little to say about yet another scandal involving Mayor Rob Ford, surfacing on yet another day when they were trying to focus on city business. “There is a point at which you get into diminishing marginal rates of return. One more story on top of all the stories that already exist has an increasingly minor impact,” said Councillor John Parker. “It's just déjà vu all over again, isn't it?” Although many councillors vowed they would not be distracted from the order of the day — the all-important task of determining the city's budget — the revelation that new trouble had engulfed Ford was impossible to ignore. As council debated the property tax rate, Ford's lawyer Dennis Morris was in council chambers for most of the afternoon, seated in the front row of the public gallery with Ford's driver, Jerry Agyemang.
Article Continued Below
When news broke that the Ford is being sued by their sister's former common-law spouse for their alleged involvement in a jailhouse assault, a crush of journalists descended on Morris, and later followed them to the hall outside the mayor's office for a brief press conference. “Our attention is being diverted by, ‘What the heck is going on?'” said Councillor Gloria Lindsay Luby. “You can't help but whisper amongst yourselves to say, ‘What's happening out there?'” “Now that I've been told, it is very shocking what's been happening,” they added, “and God knows, there may be more to come.”
Try thought they might to steer clear of commenting on Ford's personal issues, the deepening scandal surrounding the mayor has often forced councillors to register an opinion. In November, after Ford admitted they had smoked crack cocaine, many councillors said they felt they had no choice but to take action, and strip them of much of their power. However, on Wednesday, there was a sense that fatigue has set in. “Nothing could surprise me at this point, but I haven't read anything about it,” Councillor Mike Layton said. “It sounds like it's a matter that will be up to the courts.”
Article Continued Below
Councillors Denzil Minnan-Wong, Janet Davis and Gord Perks were among those who simply declined to comment. One of Ford's harshest critics, Councillor Adam Vaughan, insisted the lawsuit provides further proof for an argument they have made repeatedly in recent months. “He is a crazy person who hangs out with other crazy people and does crazy things. I'm not going to sit here and try to explain it, because it's impossible to be rational about,” Vaughan said. “He's the worst mayor the city has ever had.” Following the lead of the many late-night comedians who have seized on the mayor's personal issues, Vaughan concluded their comments to reporters with a joke. They compared Ford to Justin Bieber, who turned themselves in to Toronto police on Wednesday in connection with an alleged assault. “What's the difference between Rob Ford and Justin Bieber?” they asked. “Justin Bieber shoots and cuts their own videos.” Morris dismissed the allegations against Ford as “for sure without fact or foundation.” The mayor refused to answer questions about the lawsuit on Wednesday. After losing a hard-fought battle over the property tax rate, they called it “probably the worst day since I've been mayor down here at city hall.” With files from Paul Moloney
Read more about:
PLAINS, GA—After regaining consciousness on the floor of the den inside Jimmy Carter's private residence, a pair of groggy Secret Service agents quickly realized that the 91-year-old former president was on the loose, sources reported Wednesday. “He must have got their hands on a brick or something and knocked us out when we had our backs turned,” said agent Sam Knox while gingerly touching a large, swollen bump on the back of their head, later adding that this isn't the first time Carter had evaded the Secret Service, recounting an incident in 2014 in which the retired statesman had offered Knox and their colleagues lemonade laced with a powerful laxative. “He's quick as hell and a lot stronger than they look, and he's smart—very smart. You can't let your guard down for even a second.” Secret Service officials went on to stress that time was of the essence, and issued an APB alerting authorities to be on the lookout for one “Jim Cartwright” or “Carter Jimenez” at any nearby low-income housing construction sites, alternative energy forums, or disputed elections.
Advertisement
Yesterday, in their excellent article, Bill Hanstock said that Joe Buck
absolutely nailed the call of the Morse homer. They nailed the Ishikawa call later.
And he's right! Those were very good calls. But then, lately, most of Joe Buck's calls have been pretty good. In fact, I'd go so far as to say nice things about Joe Buck broadcasting baseball games. I think he's good at it now. I also think their poor reputation is because they aren't always as good at it as they are now. I will illustrate this with every Giant postseason homer they called over the past few years, to show how he's different now than they were then, and how now they do a good job.
2010
Cody Ross
This call starts out fine. There's plenty of tension and excitement until they get to "at the wall" and then it just dies. The problem is that the call needs to build and it just never does. Buck gets a little louder, but it's not enough.
Cody Ross again
This call sounds like someone pretending to not be bored, which has been what detractors have said about Joe Buck for a long time, and I get it, everyone. I totally get it.
Not Cody Ross a third time because the video on the Internet of their homer against Oswalt only has Jon Miller's call because during this at bat FOX was airing an in-game interview with the Phillies hitting coach, and Jon's call is great but in this context it doesn't really help me out
I mean, I'll include it, but it's not really relevant
Juan Uribe
For such a big moment in the series, this sure is a lackluster call. To an extent, it's understandable: off the bat, it looked like a fly out to right, and just like Jon Miller and the Phillies announcer later in this video, Buck had no idea. Where Jon especially excels is in letting the excitement build in their voice, which Buck does a little, but not enough for such a pivotal event.
Juan Uribe again
(It starts at 2:20:26, if the embedding doesn't work right)
This is a great call. Excited, stunned, bringing some of the energy in the park to you, the viewer at home. I don't love the verbiage of "shoots one out" but that is the nitpickiest nitpick that ever was nitpicked. Joe Buck did a fantastic job here.
Edgar Renteria (not that time)
Buck gets excited about this ball off the bat, but instead of building their excitement, they just kind of leaves it at the same pitch for the entire call. It might be their way of trying to let the moment speak for itself a little bit, or here it may be hesitation because while it's an important moment, it's hard to tell how big it'll end up being in the context of the game. A solo homer in the fifth to take a one run lead, while an exciting play, isn't the end all and be all baseball, so they may be trying to leave somewhere to go if there's a more dramatic moment later.
Cody Ross
(If the timestamp doesn't work, skip to 2:27:28)
This call is a bit muted, but there's a little excitement there. Probably, Buck was balancing the low likelihood of a Giants comeback with the amazement of watching Cody Ross continue their spectacular postseason. Could it be better? Sure. Does that make it a bad call? Probably not.
Andres Torres
Another one where Buck sounds kinda bored. This wasn't an especially big moment in the game, but you still want more out of an announcer than that.
Aubrey Huff
(Starts at 1:20:21)
This is a good call. It's not flawless – the pause before saying "gone" detracts from it, but Buck is appropriately excited and it's fun to listen to.
Buster Posey
(2:59:06)
Whoops! When you think a home run is just a routine fly ball, you're gonna look a little silly. Buck honestly did their best to recover, but the damage was done.
Edgar Renteria (that time)
You want this call to be great. You want to convey that this was a series-defining moment, that decades of frustration are about to come to an end because of this one swing. Instead, it was...fine. This is about as big as Buck got in 2010, maybe tied with the Huff homer, and they needed to go just a little bigger. Compare their call with Dave's that plays right after it, and, even putting aside Flem's voice cracking, it's not a contest. Dave wins, hands down.
2012
Angel Pagan
Honestly, it seems like Buck's biggest problem is not being able to recognize when balls are going out. Here, they give it the regular fly ball approach until they notice that Carlos Beltran wasn't jogging casually to the spot the ball would land, but instead jogging halfheartedly because they knew it was going out. Once Buck became convinced it was a homer, the call was fine.
Hunter Pence
Embedding's disabled, so here's the link. It starts at 40:25, though if you come in at 40:12 you can hear Tim McCarver saying they don't like players being called "the goat" which is a fun time for everyone.
This is a good call! I like it. Well done, Joe.
(Also, Pence was hitting behind Hector Sanchez in the lineup, which, lolllllllll)
Pablo Sandoval
This was a well hit ball and everything, but it was utterly meaningless. Buck's call reflected this, and was good.
Pablo Sandoval again
Another victim of the "I don't know if it's a home run" problem Buck has. In case you think I'm making excuses for him, I'm not. Subpar calls on all but no-doubt home runs are bad. For a good example of how to do these right, Jon and Kuip both do excellent jobs in that situation.
Brandon Belt
Not a lot of drama in this home run or, by the 8th inning, this game, which means that the call was appropriately celebratory. A good job.
Pablo Sandoval (3)
I found one video with all three dingers, so that's exciting. Also exciting: listening to Joe Buck's voice here. The first call carries the awe of someone touching the untouchable Justin Verlander, and the second does a great job in exactly the area I criticized them for above. The second was an opposite field shot that wasn't at all a no doubter, and Buck's call carried the tension and excitement of the moment. And for the third, it was a historic moment, and they couldn't have been more excited. These are big, big improvements from 2010.
Buster Posey
Now that I've just said something nice, let me say something not as nice: this should have been better. Buck lucked out that this wasn't the winning run in the World Series, because replaying that call over and over would have made them look bad.
2014
Joe Panik
I wouldn't say that this is a perfect call, but it's definitely a good one. The same way they built the excitement on Sandoval's second homer in the 2012 World Series, they do it here, and the improvement from Uribe in Game 6 is noticeable and impressive.
Michael Morse
THAT'S HAMMERED INTO LEFT. MORSE. OFF THE BENCH. TIE GAME. It's a perfect call.
Travis Ishikawa
Travis Ishikawa...HITS ONE INTO RIGHT. THE GIANTS WIN THE PENNANT. It's also a perfect call. Try to tell me the guy who let us down on Renteria's homer would have nailed it like this. They wouldn't have.
Hunter Pence
In 2010, Buck stumbled when they couldn't immediately identify a fly ball as a home run. Here, it's a natural part of the call. Improvement. Progression. It's probably because we all complained so much. Good job, us!
Gregor Blanco
And we end with a call that's pretty good. I'm not a fan of the "You wanna silence a crowd?" kind of call, but there's nothing inherently wrong with it, and if Duane Kuiper had said it, I'd have probably found it delightful. But as is, this was a good "Here we go!" type call for a game that was competitive for a while before the Royals ran away with it.
There you have it: an article ostensibly about Joe Buck that's really just an excuse to watch a bunch of Giants postseason homers. I hope you enjoyed the dingers. Dingers are fun.
Save this picture! Sol Duc Cabin; Seattle / Olson Kundig Architects
The American Institute of Architects (AIA) has selected ten recipients for their 14th annual Housing Awards. Considered to be the year's most impressive works, the awards are designed to "recognize the best in U.S. housing design" and "promote the importance of good housing as a necessity of life, a sanctuary for the human spirit and a valuable national resource." The winners, after the break...
One / Two Family Custom Housing:
Informal House; South Pasadena, CA / Koning Eizenberg Architecture, Inc.
Save this picture! Informal House; South Pasadena, CA / Koning Eizenberg Architecture, Inc.
This house was custom designed for a family of four. The idea for this house was not to blur the distinction from indoor to outdoor with big walls of glass, but to intensify the quality of each. Sustainable choices facilitate the client's interest in indoor outdoor living. Green roofs insulate the lower roofs while they strengthen the articulation between activity spaces and service spaces. Exposed materials with a high thermal mass and polished concrete floors take advantage of the significant daily temperature swing in this coastal climate. A cool white roof, easily accessed for cleaning minimizes solar gain, critical in this sunny climate.
Kicking Horse Residence; British Columbia / Bohlin Cywinski Jackson
Save this picture! Kicking Horse Residence; British Columbia / Bohlin Cywinski Jackson
The clients desired a weekend gathering place for their active family of five that would allow for flexibility to accommodate larger groups of family and friends and provide a direct connection to the outdoors for seasonal recreation. The design inherently reduces exposure to natural drainage patterns by limiting the building footprint. The architects worked directly with the contractor to detail the below grade drainage system to perform most efficiently for the soils on site. The evocative forms of the house are oriented to capture daylight and views to the stunning mountain peaks above, but also act to effectively shed snow from the massive storms that move through the area.
Park Passive; Seattle / NK Architects
Save this picture! Park Passive; Seattle / NK Architects © Aaron Leitz
This home's ‘passive survivability' lies in its ability to capture and retain heat. In the instance of a power outage during the winter, the indoor air temperature would remain steady significantly longer than a traditionally built house without the opening of doors and windows. The home is built to passive house standards and is the city's first to be certified by the Passive House Academy. By creating both vertical and horizontal spatial connections, the design maximizes the shallow floor plate. This home celebrates affordability through conservation and a reduction in monthly utility bills. It serves as a showcase that living in an energy efficient home is comfortable too.
Sol Duc Cabin; Seattle / Olson Kundig Architects
Save this picture! Sol Duc Cabin; Seattle / Olson Kundig Architects
The owner desired a compact, low-maintenance, virtually indestructible building to house themselves and their wife during fishing expeditions. Composed of two levels, the cabin's entry, dining and kitchen areas are located on the lower floor while a sleeping loft with minimal shelving hovers above. A cantilevered steel deck extends from the lower level, providing unimpeded views of the river. Most of the structure; the steel frame and panels, the roof, shutters, and stairs were prefabricated off-site, thereby reducing on-site waste and site disruption. The cabin's rugged surface and raw materiality respond to the surrounding wilderness while its verticality provides a safe haven during occasional floods from the nearby river.
Topo House; Wisconsin / Johnsen Schmaling Architects
Save this picture! Topo House; Wisconsin / Johnsen Schmaling Architects
Echoing the dramatic surface deformations that occur when wind blows over the crops and grasses of the surrounding prairie, the building skin, a high-performance ventilated rainscreen system with concrete fiber panels, is organized by 190 individually shaped, black-anodized aluminum fins of interrelated contracting and expanding shapes. Depending on the time of the day and the angle from which they are viewed, the fins create a constantly changing veil whose shifting geometry subverts the volumetric simplicity of the house itself. The house is built around a palette of sustainable and highly durable materials and features an envelope that is designed to endure the continuous onslaught of the Midwest's severe weather conditions and extreme temperature fluctuations.
Multifamily Living:
1221 Broadway; San Antonio / Lake|Flato Architects
This project has served as a catalyst for nearby urban redevelopment and neighborhood revitalization. Along with the complete makeover of an abandoned superstructure, passive solutions, including open breezeways carefully oriented to cool the circulation corridors, came with understanding San Antonio's local climate. The project design reflects a common sense and regional response to climatic conditions.The project achieved a HERS index of 68, performing 32% better than a new multi-family project built to code. Its energy use intensity (EUI) is 30% better than the national average for large multi-family project types.
Cherokee Studios; Los Angeles / Brooks + Scarpa
Save this picture! Cherokee Studios; Los Angeles / Brooks + Scarpa
The main architectural feature of this project is the building's owner-controlled operable double façade system. By allowing the occupant to adjust the operable screens of the building façade, the facade is virtually redesigned “live” from within the space, reflecting the occupants of the building within, in real time. Cherokee is 40% more energy efficient than California's Title 24, the most demanding energy code in the U.S. Passive solar design strategies and proper building orientation, using the central courtyard between the two residential structures, allows for day lighting on both sides of every unit and shading, while allowing prevailing breezes to fully pass through the units for natural ventilation. The green roof provides occupants the ability to enjoy nature while keeping the building better insulated, cleaning the air, and reducing storm water runoff.
Merritt Crossing Senior Apartments; Oakland, CA / Leddy Maytum Stacy Architects
Save this picture! Merritt Crossing Senior Apartments; Oakland, CA / Leddy Maytum Stacy Architects
This project is a high-density residential development with a mix of studios; one-bedroom and two-bedroom apartments that were thoughtfully fit into its downtown Oakland site between an inner city neighborhood and a freeway. The south side of the building facing the freeway has a layered façade that provides solar and acoustical mitigation while creating a varied experience for passing drivers. To control operating costs for the non-profit owner, the project was constructed for enhanced durability, weather protection and energy use. Dedicated to high environmental standards, the developer focused on healthy living and energy savings while electing to test a combination of sustainability rating systems.
Specialized Housing:
28th Street Apartments; Los Angeles / Koning Eizenberg Architecture, Inc.
Save this picture! 28th Street Apartments; Los Angeles / Koning Eizenberg Architecture, Inc.
This project restores and adds to a distressed historic building (a former YMCA). The project now houses two synergistic programs run by two nonprofits that co-purchased the building: The neighborhood youth training and employment program and supportive housing (serving youth exiting foster care, the mentally ill and the chronically homeless.) Supportive services are offered on site and residents have access to a roof garden, laundry and lounge. The historic front entry of the structure forms a neighborhood porch where community kids gather while the new addition creates a less formal side entry to the housing units above. The existing historic building spawned an efficient urban strategy on a small vacant sliver of land on the back of the building to add square footage for new updated unit types while not triggering costly parking.
Sweetwater Spectrum Community; Sonoma, CA / Leddy Maytum Stacy Architects
Save this picture! Sweetwater Spectrum Community; Sonoma, CA / Leddy Maytum Stacy Architects
In 2009, a group of families, autism professionals and community leaders founded the nonprofit organization Sweetwater Spectrum to meet the extraordinary need for appropriate, high-quality, long-term housing for adults with autism, offering life with purpose and dignity for residents. This project, created to be replicated nationwide, integrates autism specific design, universal design and sustainable design, and provides a permanent home for 16 adults with autism. Spaces were designed to reduce sensory stimulation (ambient sound, visual patterns, odors, etc.) and to create a simple, predictable domestic environment. Safety and security are paramount and healthy, durable materials are utilized throughout. Individuals may customize their personal living spaces to accommodate their preferences and particular needs.
The Jury:
Nancy Ludwig, FAIA, Chair, ICON architecture, inc.
David Barista, Building Design+Construction
Louise Braverman, FAIA, Louise Braverman Architect
Jean Rehkeamp Larson, AIA , Rehkamp Larson Architects, Inc.
Images and descriptions provide by the AIA.
Every year, the Royal Observatory in Greenwich holds a contest for the best astrophotos. They have several categories, including Deep Space, Earth and Space, and Our Solar System.
This year's winners are, as always, stunning. And, if you're a regular BA reader, some of the names will be familiar, too!
I'm very pleased to see that my friend Adam Block won for the Deep Space category with this gorgeous shot of the young star Sh2-239:
Sh2-239, a young star in the throes of birth.
Photo credit: Adam Block/Mount Lemmon SkyCenter/University of Arizona
The star itself is hidden in thick layers of dust, but it's blowing out huge jets of gas that form the structure you see here. Adam, of course, is featured on my blog all the time, and in fact I wrote about this very image (including what's what in it as well).
The winner of the People and Space category went to Mark Gee for their fabulous picture of people silhouetted against the rising Moon that they themselves are watching:
The Moon rises behind shadowy onlookers.
Photo by Mark Gee
Does that look familiar too? It's part of an astonishing video Mark created that I featured here in January 2013 as well. Here's the video—and mind you, it's not a time-lapse; it's in real time:
The People and Space runner-up was a shot by Ben Canales that's one of my favorite photos of all time. I won't spoil it; go here and see.
In fact, I won't belabor all the amazing pictures here. Just go to the Royal Museums website and look at them all. I promise you, it's time very, very well spent.
In the wake of the ‘Hamilton' harassment of Mike Pence, a lot of Liberals said it was the right thing to do.
They think it's okay to bully someone from the stage.
Here's what happened:
Yes #MikePence was at @HamiltonMusical here's what we had to say pic.twitter.com/YIjt7JZ3gF — G R E G O R Y (@ghaney22) November 19, 2016
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
One Liberal and legendary rocker called it what it was: bullying.
As a performer with Bruce Springsteen and actor in The Sopranos, Steven Van Zandt knows a few things about performing. And they said what ‘Hamilton' did was over the line.
In a series of tweets, Van Zandt called it “bullying.”
And they laid out how performers should respect their audience:
A guy comes to a Broadway show for a relaxing night out. Instead they get a lecture from the stage! Not a level playing field. It's bullying. https://t.co/x4XKq86YN0 — Stevie Van Zandt (@StevieVanZandt) November 19, 2016
Nobody on this planet disagrees more with everything Pence represents. But I don't tolerate bullying in any form. Even the respectful kind. — Stevie Van Zandt (@StevieVanZandt) November 19, 2016
You don't single out an audience member and embarrass them from the stage. A terrible precedent to set. https://t.co/vREKw2RTMR — Stevie Van Zandt (@StevieVanZandt) November 19, 2016
There has never been a more outspoken politically active artist than me. They were their guest. You protect your guests. Don't embarrass them. — Stevie Van Zandt (@StevieVanZandt) November 19, 2016
Of course, they got a lot of pushbacks. But Van Zandt didn't back down:
Bigotry is obviously never acceptable. I am saying it is a bad precedent for actors to start addressing audience members! Please read all. https://t.co/UvxBmdIFjJ — Stevie Van Zandt (@StevieVanZandt) November 19, 2016
A Liberal has woken up to the bullying of the Left.
Will they take the next step? Will they recognize that the core tactic of the Left is bullying? Will they see that the Liberal agenda is just more bullying?
Share on Facebook and Twitter so everyone sees: One Liberal is standing up to Liberal bullying!
Harker Heights police were investigating a reported Wednesday evening robbery during which the victim's cell phone was taken and they were assaulted by the bandit who was armed with a knife.
Police were sent at about 9:20 p.m. Wednesday to the 600 block of Indian Trail where they found the victim who told them a man came up from behind him, grabbed their cell phone from their hand and then pulled a knife and assaulted them when the victim tried to get their phone back, Harker Heights police Sgt. Roosevelt Wilson said in a Thursday news release.
The suspect left the area in a black Ford F150 with after-market wheels and was last seen in the 500 block of Indian Trail travelling northbound.
The victim suffered non-life threatening injuries in the incident, Wilson said.
The suspect is described as a black man, last seen wearing a gray shirt, black sweat pants and red tennis shoes.
The investigation is continuing and anyone with information about this crime is requested to contact the Harker Heights Police Department, Criminal Investigation Division at 254-953-5400.
Casey Marie Chamberlain, 22, has been jailed for their role in the robbery of a drug dealer who sold rock salt as crystal meth.
Being set up for a robbery might be regarded as "an occupational hazard" for dealers who sell rock salt as crystal meth, the Christchurch District Court has heard.
The dealer had sold rock salt "to a group for whom the Disputes Tribunal is not the first or most obvious place of recourse", said Craig Ruane, defence counsel for Casey Marie Chamberlain, 22.
Chamberlain was sobbing and in tears as they heard from Judge Paul Kellar on Thursday that they were going to jail for one year and ten months for their role in the robbery of the dealer.
The case began as a kidnapping of the drug dealer, but Chamberlain pleaded guilty when the charge was reduced in March to assault with intent to rob.
Them partner at the time, Chad Adam Carrington, 25, has already been jailed for two years. A third alleged offender, who the police say was armed with a Taser, has pleaded not guilty and will go on trial.
Ruane said Chamberlain did not have an extensive criminal history and the incident "rapidly spiralled way beyond their contemplation or expectation".
They described Carrington as "a man who a parent would not consider was suitable for their daughter". They had a serious criminal history.
The group had felt "ripped off" by being sold rock salt instead of methamphetamine, and being set up for robbery might be considered an occupational hazard for dealers who sold things that were not what they said.
Judge Kellar said the dealer was contacted when their advertising was noticed on Facebook. They were lured to an Armagh St house where some of the group lived, ostensibly for another drug deal.
Once they were inside, Carrington locked the door, demanded their cellphone, and another woman allegedly threatened them with a crackling Taser held near their head. Carrington went outside and told the dealer's waiting boyfriend that they better return the $300 from the earlier drug deal if they wanted to see their girlfriend again.
The boyfriend drove off and called police.
The dealer had been punched several times, including once by Chamberlain. "Undoubtedly the experience must have been most unsettling for her," the judge said.
Chamberlain was seen as a medium risk of offending. They said they had used cannabis regularly but only used methamphetamine socially, three or four times. While on bail they breached their curfew twice, and admitted not living at the required address.
They had been living "an unstructured lifestyle". They were unemployed and was the mother of a child who was not in their care.
By Heather Callaghan
Why are extreme and sadistic incidents increasingly taking place in public schools? Let's say 90-plus percent of school faculty and staff are looking out for the well-being of students. Unfortunately there are predatory characters in various school settings who are punishing students for sharing, checking into underwear for poop, making them kneel before administration, forcing one to clean out a poop-clogged toilet with bare hands…
And now, a nearly complete strip search on middle-school girls, complete with ogling, bra unhooking and an order to “shake.” Parents say there was a rub-down which constitutes sexual assault (contact) and abuse. What if this had been your daughter?
A spokesperson for the school minimized and made it very clear that nothing would be done about it. If this behavior is morally bankrupt and punishable in the general populace, shouldn't it be more so in a public institution?
It's embarrassing enough to write about this; it should be even more embarrassing to sport this behavior and try to justify it under the auspices of a drug search. Unfortunately, Americans have been trained to accept justifications like this because of television programming and the news media. What kind of twisted logic allows a life-scarring abuse to victimize a young one in order to stop them from potentially harming themselves with pot?? It should be completely obvious that safety or even drugs were nowhere on this radar…
Let's be crystal clear: anyone who would use authority to destroy the dignity, humanity and innocence of a minor is a seriously disturbed tyrant in need of rehabilitation or a lock-up. They no longer need to be working with minors. As long as authoritative zealots are accusing children of sexual assault for innocent behavior; that attention should be directed to the real offenders in positions of authority.
It's good to see that the parents are outraged (versus apathy), but it should never stop there as long as these bizarro incidents continue to occur. Extreme and painful occurrences have a tendency to paralyze good-hearted people; it blindsides them. It's time to remind people they are worth more. Their children are not criminals – and one could argue that criminals need not be subjected to such cruel and unusual treatment by officials in prison. (This prompts the questions: who is more sick? who is in more need of morality and rehabilitation?) Shame-based education is for slaves; and there is no acceptable form of slavery.
I think these examples are not just about opportunistic pervert-power-trippers, but also take place to send a shock wave out that your child does not belong to your family; that their or their body does not even belong to themselves. How much more possessive can the State get?? The State is training personnel to dehumanize and humiliate students; to literally view them as lucrative human resources. (Why do you think attendance is a really big deal?) As early as the mid-1990s, student handbooks were letting parents know that students were “human resources” and belonged to that state during school hours. Unfortunately, many of those hours are trauma-inducing and consist of fight, flight or freeze.
Everyone – whether in public school or not – has a right to the pursuit of happiness and to remain unmolested. While it is a good idea to empower children to say NO! to sickos, they are not supposed to have to be combat ready. Unfortunately, people are forced to pay for this —ty service. At the very least, we don't need to stand by and let children be so degraded or just huff and puff. A Child Called “It” was supposed to be a memoir to serve as an example of extreme child abuse – not a book of ideas! Individuals who use positions to abuse others need to know that there are consequences.
Heather Callaghan is a natural health blogger and food freedom activist. You can see their work at NaturalBlaze.com and ActivistPost.com. Like at Facebook.
PRAGUE – The OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media Dunja Mijatovic has said the “continued intimidation” of the media nongovernmental organizations in Russia “further endangers” the media freedom situation.
In a statement on February 24, Mijatovic said that the “excessive pressure” imposed on the Mass Media Defense Centre (MMDC) and other civil society organizations in the media field, is “deeply worrying.”
“Discrimination of media organizations on vague pretexts effectively infringes free expression and free media,” they added.
The comments come after the Justice Department of Voronezh Region carried out an inspection of MMDC on February 9 as part of an official procedure for including the NGO in the register of “foreign agents.”
Mijatovic said MMDC is "one of the key organizations in Russia providing legal support on media legislation issues for journalists, judges, media lawyers and law enforcement bodies, raising public awareness about these matters.”
ST. LOUIS -- Cities all over the United States have been boosting their minimum wage. It's up to $15 an hour in Seattle, but it's going in the opposite direction in St. Louis, Missouri.
Amer Hawatmeh's family-owned restaurant in downtown St. Louis is struggling.
Along with rising sales taxes, and meat prices, a minimum wage hike to $10 an hour two months ago made it expensive to stay open. So he's cut back from five to two days a week for lunch. Their hamburgers are smaller, their entrees pricier and their customers scarcer.
Amer Hawatmeh CBS News
Hawatmeh believes it's not the government, but a combination of worker determination and customer demand that should set the correct wage.
"That's how I built myself," they said. "That's how I'm teaching my children to build themselves. Don't ask what do I get, ask what can I do."
And Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens agrees. Next month, the minimum wage will return to $7.70 an hour -- ten bucks an hour was a mistake, they say.
"Despite what you hear from liberals, it will take money out of people's pockets," Greitens said.
Cities all over the country have been boosting their minimum wage. It's up to $15 an hour in Seattle, but it's going in the opposite direction in St. Louis. CBS News
But after nationwide protests, the minimum wage went up on July 1, or will go up soon -- from Chicago to Flagstaff, Arizona, and Los Angeles to Washington, D.C.
Wanda Roberts, a minimum wageworker in St. Louis, said the new $10 wage brought in an extra $400 a month and helped the local economy.
"If we're making $10 an hour, we're going to go right back out and spend that money," Roberts said.
Wanda Roberts CBS News
And now that it's being reversed, they say they would "go back to struggling."
"Trying to worry about how I'm going to pay my rent, how I'm going to pay my bills and how I'm going to have money left over to buy household supplies and food," they added.
In St. Louis, the minimum wage was going to increase to $11 an hour in January. Now, that won't happen. And the Economic Policy Institute estimates 38,000 workers could miss out on a raise.
Rutgers University does not plan to reinstall the bus shelter which used to stand at the Scott Hall bus stop.
The school only has bus shelters at stops which are exposed to the elements with no other options available, said Executive Vice President of Strategic Planning and Operations Antonio Calcado. Scott Hall is not the only bus stop which does not have a shelter.
“For example, on Livingston, we have one at the corner of Rockafeller and Joyce Kilmer, but not in front of the Student Center,” they said in an email. “The Yard has multiple options for refuge if needed. Bus arrival and departure times can be monitored through phone apps or the board system.”
The Yard @ College Ave. is home to several restaurants, as well as a common area in the apartment building near the back of the facility.
Students should probably not wait inside the dining facilities at the Yard, said School of Environmental and Biological Sciences junior Alyssa Norman. They work at a restaurant, and their employer would not allow students to wait inside if they were not ordering food.
Glenn Arnold, the manager of Bella's Burger Shack, said they would not mind if students had to wait without ordering, so long as they did not make a mess or disrupt operations.
“They can smell the food — hopefully they'll order next time (they visit),” they said.
Having a shelter would be a better solution than asking students to wait inside one of the restaurants, said Luigi Camilli. The School of Arts and Sciences junior would like to see the old facility at Scott Hall return.
The shelters especially help during windy or rainy days, said School of Arts and Sciences sophomore Priyanka Patel.
“(A shelter) doesn't cover that many people, but if it's raining or (windy), it covers (them). A lot of students don't carry umbrellas so it would help,” Norman said.
The arrival boards, which normally indicate when the next bus will arrive, are not presently operational. This is because AT&T — which provided the 2G service needed to run the boards — no longer offers 2G service, said Jack Molenaar, senior director of the Department of Transportation Services.
The signs were first introduced to the campus in 2006, but will now need to be switched out for new versions which can use 4G service, they said in an email.
“We are in the process of getting a quote to switch out the components for a 4G system,” they said. “Step one was to switch over all the campus buses' Global Positioning Units so that all riders could still track the buses online and on their smartphone apps.”
Every bus on campus has been running with the new system since the beginning of the Spring 2017 semester, they said.
“We prioritized this over the signs since not every stop has a sign but everyone can use the app and see the system online,” Molenaar said. “The next step, which we are working on now, is to replace the components in the signs so that they can receive the 4G signals. Our plan is to have the signs working again within the next two months.”
Nikhilesh De is a correspondent for The Daily Targum.  They are a School of Arts and Sciences senior. Follow them on Twitter @nikhileshde for more.
BETHEL – For the first time since 1960, for as long as the state has managed fisheries, a season's worth of salmon will travel up rivers in the Kuskokwim Delta this year with no opportunity for local residents to catch them commercially.
With no fish buyer signed up for the Kuskokwim region, the usual infusion of millions of dollars into this part of job-poor Southwestern Alaska isn't happening.
Nearly 450,000 salmon of various types have been caught on average commercially in recent years.
Not this year. The state says those unharvested fish could overload spawning grounds and hurt future runs.
"We need to fish," says Timothy "Johnny-boy" Matthew, a Quinhagak fisherman who goes by their childhood nickname.
The sole local buyer in recent years, a branch of Coastal Villages Region Fund, isn't operating its $40 million fish processing plant in Platinum, on the Bering Sea coast in Southwest Alaska.
Coastal Villages Seafoods isn't buying any salmon from village residents at all.
The local fishing operation was heavily subsidized by Coastal Villages, costing it $66 million in the last seven years alone, according to the organization.
Some fishermen and village leaders say Coastal Villages Region Fund, or CVRF, is failing to live up to its promise. It is one of six Alaska non-profit organizations created under federal law to boost the Western Alaska economy by investing profits from quotas of high-seas fisheries of crab, pollock and other species into their regions.
"The Kuskokwim is not a tenable commercial fishery at this time," CVRF says in written materials explaining the situation.
Uncertainty over commercial fish openings, weak global salmon prices, tensions between commercial and subsistence fishermen, and years of losses led to the decision to put the Kuskokwim fisheries on hold this summer, CVRF said.
Slug of kings
Without an identified market, the state Department of Fish and Game won't call any commercial openings in fishing districts in Kuskokwim Bay and the Bering Sea near Quinhagak, Goodnews Bay or up the Kuskokwim River main stem to around Tuluksak, said Aaron Poetter, the state management biologist for commercial fisheries in the Kuskokwim area.
Lacking buyers, "there's no place for those fish to go," said Poetter, part of a state commercial fisheries team based in Bethel for the summer.
If local fishermen can find a market, the state would consider a commercial opening, they said.
In recent years, Fish and Game commercial salmon openings generally occurred three days a week in Kuskokwim and Goodnews bays, though openings always depend on the strength of the runs, Poetter said. On the Kuskokwim River, with more conflict between subsistence and commercial interests, there have been fewer openings, they said. Some fishermen who live upriver boated hours each summer to camp and fish out of Quinhagak.
In Kuskokwim Bay this year, king salmon are running thick and the reds are starting to show up, locals who have been fishing for subsistence say.
"Some people – I heard they set their nets out for one hour, getting close to 100 fish," Matthew said.
The state is hearing reports of big returns in the bay, too.
"That's lost commercial harvest opportunity," Poetter said.
Fish and Game has been asking CVRF to make a formal announcement on its decision.
"So they still haven't come out and made an announcement and the season is here," Poetter said.
Coastal Villages confirmed in emails that it won't be buying Kuskokwim fish or running its processing plant.
Some 396 Kuskokwim-area fishermen participated last year in the salmon fishery, according to state commercial permit records, below the recent average of 473. Coastal Villages also employed 150 people as fish processors in the region, according to written materials it provided.
Last year, Kuskokwim fishermen were paid 50 cents a pound for salmon, no matter if it was red, silver, chum or king. They later got bonus pay.
'Doing nothing'
Village residents and leaders say they were caught off-guard and want answers. With more notice from Coastal Villages Region Fund, they might have been able to find another buyer.
"Our question is 'Why?' " said Warren Jones, president of the Quinhagak village corporation, Qanirtuuq Inc. "Why didn't they let us know? Why did they not open?"
Coastal Villages says its employees and board members in the affected villages have been providing information.
The fishing closure affects entire communities, Jones said. Business is down about 40 percent at the village corporation's store and fuel pump, they said. Inventory of nets, raingear and other fishing supplies at the corporation's hardware store aren't moving either, they said.
Jones and others have contacted potential fish buyers but haven't been able to arrange for quick sales of Kuskokwim salmon.  They are thinking about trying to transform a Quinhagak tribal building back into a salmon fish plant. They ran the plant, where salmon were processed down to restaurant-ready fillets, several years for Coastal Villages, which shut it down when the bigger one opened in Platinum.
Now the Quinhagak plant is being used for storage. Coastal Villages sold two tenders used in the region. It's shuttered all of its Kuskokwim seafood operations.
"There are still some trucks and forklifts. Everybody thought they were going to open so all the stuff they used last year is sitting at the dock, doing nothing," Jones said.
Matthew, one of the village fishermen, is working temporarily for the village corporation. They said they usually rely on fishing to bring in $10,000 a year and cover bills. After last season, they bought a new boat motor with the help of CVRF, but hasn't even gotten to use it for commercial fishing.
Dozens of residents from the village and Eek have signed a petition asking the CVRF board and executive director Morgen Crow to come to them and explain the status of fishing.
"I'm getting calls from other villages too, on what our deal is," Matthew said.
CVRF is the designated community development quota group for 20 Southwestern villages, including Quinhagak, Platinum and Goodnews Bay on the coast, Toksook Bay and other Nelson Island villages, and Kuskokwim River villages from Eek near the mouth on up to Napaskiak, Napakiak and Oscarville, all near the hub of Bethel. Some 10,000 people live in the CVRF villages.
Spending in region
None of CVRF's executives or top managers were available for an interview this week, said Taylor Bickford of Strategies 360, a communications firm working for the organization.
While it lost $6 million to $7 million a year on local fishing operations, Coastal Villages said it makes millions from Bering Sea fisheries including pollock on its own factory trawler as well as crab and cod caught on boats that it owns and manages. Locals can work on its vessels and on others that it is invested in, CVRF said.
To benefit its communities, Coastal Villages said it spends $25 million to $30 million a year in the region and wants to ensure it can keep doing that.
It runs community service centers in every village that employ more than 140 people, function as free internet cafes and in most villages include a mechanic shop. It pays 40 percent of the cost of expensive items such as boat motors, four-wheelers and Toyo stoves for residents in its villages who qualify. It offers scholarships and pays for residents to go through training programs. It expects to employ more than 500 young people this summer in a youth job program.
"To ensure our region can weather the difficult economic times ahead, and to alleviate the pressure on the local resource, thus freeing it up for subsistence use, Coastal has determined it must pursue only healthy and vibrant programs that provide the greatest benefit to the largest number of people," the organization said.
A CVRF online survey is underway to ask residents about the greatest needs as well as preferences on community spending.
Some Kuskokwim fishermen point to the bustling fish plant in the Yukon River village of Emmonak, run and subsidized by the community development quota group there, the Yukon Delta Fisheries Development Association.
If the Yukon can do it, why not the Kuskokwim? asked Charles Guest, a third-generation fisherman from Bethel who now lives in their wife's home village of Napaskiak.
"I think we are getting the short end of the stick," Guest said.
The Platinum fish plant was an experiment that opened in 2009 and committed to running at a loss for five years. It's just too expensive to continue with it and the subsidies for fishermen, CVRF said. The state budget crisis is a factor, too, the organization said.
In 2015, the Kuskokwim fishing area harvested about 234,000 salmon, most of them coho or silver, followed by red or sockeye salmon, according to preliminary Fish and Game numbers. The value of the catch was $869,112.
That's about half of the 10-year average.
When there is commercial fishing in Quinhagak, "everybody is working hard, happy. People are making money, families working together. They are going to store a lot more," Jones said.
As a rapper, Denis Cuspert was a bit player, but as a propagandist for jihad they are a star in some circles. They have gained considerable prominence since 2010, when they transformed themselves from a Berlin hip-hop artist named Deso Dogg into the Islamist Abu Malik.
Actually, not much has changed since they became a Salafist. They still make music, and distributes it primarily through the Internet. But instead of performing rap songs like "Gangxta" and "Ich und mein Baby" ("Me and My Baby"), they release so-called Anasheed, or Islamic vocal music in which they glorify jihad.
Cuspert's songs have attained cult status among radical Islamists in Germany. At the request of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution in Berlin, three of their jihadist songs were labeled as being harmful to minors in early 2012.
Today, the ex-rapper is one of the most prominent German-speaking propagandists for jihad on the Internet. A new study by the Berlin-based Foundation for Science and Politics (SWP), which advises the German government, addresses the development of the Islamist scene on the Internet in detail for the first time.
Sophisticated Websites
International terrorist groups like al-Qaida recognized the importance of the Internet for recruiting new supporters early on. But it wasn't until the end of 2005 that the German arm of the "Global Islamic Media Front" (GIMF), which saw itself as the mouthpiece for all jihadists worldwide, emerged.
The German offshoot of GIMF was founded by Mohamed Mahmoud, an Austrian with Egyptian roots. In addition to Cuspert, Mahmoud is still one of the most colorful figures in the German Islamist community. Mahmoud quickly attracted the attention of authorities when they began spreading al-Qaida propaganda on the Internet in 2005.
After GIMF posted a video in March 2007 threatening possible attacks in Germany and Austria, Mahmoud and their wife were arrested. Because they had used their own computer to place the video on the Internet, all Austrian authorities had to do was establish the connection between Mahmoud and the computer's IP address.
After their release in September of last year, Mahmoud quickly joined their new friend Cuspert in Berlin. Soon thereafter, the two men went to the western German city of Solingen, where Mahmoud transformed the Millatu Ibrahim Mosque into a nationally known meeting place for Salafists.
But the Internet remained far more important than the mosque. Mahmoud, Cuspert and their supporters have set up sophisticated websites. "Especially noteworthy are the high degree of technical professionalism and the targeted use of elements of current youth culture," the SWP study, published on Wednesday, concludes.
According to the study, shutting down the websites and arresting the people behind them will hardly curb the growing number of Salafists in Germany. On the contrary, Mahmoud only developed into "a star in the scene" as a result of having spent time in prison. After the federal government banned Mahmoud's Millatu Ibrahim group in June, its website was shut down, but new blogs and sites soon popped up to spread the same messages.
Mahmoud, Cuspert and their cohorts depend on these sites to stay in touch with their supporters in Germany. In the wake of the Millatu Ibrahim ban and growing police pressure on the Salafists following bloody clashes at a rally in Cologne, Mahmoud and Cuspert, together with many other key figures in the German Islamist community, have disappeared and have presumably fled to Egypt.
Cuspert made another Internet appearance in September, with threats of attacks in Germany. "You spend millions and billions for the war against Islam," they said in a video. "And that's why this country, the Federal Republic of Germany, is a war zone."
Taking Inspiration from Others
German authorities are taking the dangers posed by jihadist propaganda on the Internet very seriously, especially after the case of Arid U. The young man from Frankfurt had never had any physical contact with known jihadists, and became radicalized exclusively through the Internet. In March 2011, they killed two US soldiers at Frankfurt Airport. In addition to YouTube videos of alleged and actual crimes committed by the US military in Iraq and Afghanistan, Anasheed supposedly played an important role in their actions.
U. is the perfect example of a phenomenon called "leaderless jihad." These militants do not travel to terrorist training camps in Pakistan or Afghanistan, nor do they receive direct instructions from al-Qaida leaders. Instead, they act on their own, inspired by jihadist websites.
For the authorities, this web-based propaganda offers both opportunities and risks. On the one hand, according to the SWP study, "they can trace the networks of sympathizers and even pinpoint some of their physical locations."
Intelligence services can also take advantage of the anonymity of Internet forums to deliberately plant false information or obtain insider information. But all of this requires a lot of personnel, and for each website that is shut down, a similar one appears before long.
Until now, attacks by "leaderless jihadists" have been relatively minor in comparison to others, because the attackers had not been trained in camps run by militant Islamist movements.
But Guido Steinberg, editor of the SWP study, warns: "We can assume that the jihadists will also draw lessons from attacks like those committed by Anders Breivik in Norway, or by the National Socialist Underground (NSU), and will become more effective in the future."
Expressing serious concern over widespread panic being created by the FSSAI and several state government authorities over safety of all types of packaged and branded food, has written to Prime Minister Mr Narendra Modi seeking their immediate intervention, stating that an investment of Rs 90,000 crore could be jeopardized because of consumer distrust being spread by the government machinery after withdrawal of Maggi from the market.
Recent incidences of food recall coupled with onslaught in media has shaken confidence of the industry thereby risking an investment of over Rs 90,000 crores and an estimated export of over US$40 billion, which will impact livelihoods, farmers, agri-wastages, and moreover investment climate in India, said in a letter to the Prime Minister.
It said in recent weeks the Indian processed food industry has come in for considerable negative publicity. The FSSAI action in the case of the Maggi brand of noodles, has been followed by a spate of notices issued by various State authorities to several other manufacturers across the country, accompanied by simultaneous press statements.
This has spawned numerous stories in the media to the effect that all brands of noodles are unsafe for consumption, creating a climate of alarm and distrust in the minds of the consumers about packaged noodles as a whole. Moreover, various state officials have been ordering removal of all brands of noodles from the retail shelves, the chamber said in the letter to the Prime Minister.
Now, the consumer distrust is spilling over to other food categories as well. As a result of the recent events, an impression is gaining ground amongst the public that all branded packaged foods in are unsafe.
The industry is witnessing a gradual shut-down of factories across the entire value-chain, many of which are in the small and medium sectors, adversely impacting employment. In addition, this is bound to impact farm incomes given that bulk of the ingredients are agri-products.
The damage suffered by the industry on account of this in the last few weeks is enormous and will take many months to recover from, it said.
While the current controversy emanated from the presence of MSG (mono sodium glutamate)in certain food items, is a permitted additive to foods. It is present in many items like tomato, green peas, corn, onion, milk, parmesan cheese etc. The FSS Act, 2006 requires that where MSG is added to a food product, it must be so declared.
It is important to note that the presence of MSG does not mean that the product is unsafe for consumption. In fact, MSG is generally recognized as safe by US FDA, UN FAO and WHO.
However, based on the FSSAI's view, some state authorities have been coercing retailers to remove all such packages of noodles that carry the phrase no added MSG from the shelves.
The Government should clearly lay down guidelines, in the interest of justice and fairness, to ensure that the authorities refrain from making press statements and taking any coercive action even before an adjudicatory process under the law has concluded. Such guidelines be urgently communicated to the State food officials to save the industry which can increase 5-fold to Rs 5.65 lakh crores by 2030. The food products generate the highest employment, currently providing over 48 million employment in industry, apart from another 25 million in logistics, transportation and so on.
Powered by Capital Market - Live News
Amusement park accidents refer to serious injuries or deaths that occur at amusement parks. Many such accidents are reported to regulatory authorities as usually required by law everywhere. The US Consumer Product Safety Commission tracks statistics for all amusement ride accidents. Accidents listed here are caused by one of the following:
Caused by negligence on the part of the guest. This can be refusal to follow specific ride safety instructions, or deliberate intent to violate park rules. The result of a guest's known, or unknown, health issues. Negligence on the part of the park, either by ride operator or maintenance safety instructions, or deliberate intent to violate park rules. Act of God or a generic accident (e.g., lightning strike, slipping and falling), that is not a direct result of an action on anybody's part
Statistics for the United States [ edit ]
Deaths:
From 1987 to 2000, there were an estimated 4.5 amusement ride-related deaths per year. [1]
From 1990 to 2004, there were 52 deaths associated with amusement park rides. [2] [3]
There were 3 deaths in 2001, 2 deaths in 2002, and 3 deaths in 2003.[4]
Injuries:
In 2011, 1,204 people were injured at 400 amusement parks, according to the IAAPA.[2]
Florida [ edit ]
All of Florida's major parks—which include the Walt Disney World Resort, SeaWorld Orlando, Universal Orlando, and Busch Gardens Tampa Bay—report quarterly details surrounding accidents and other incidents at their parks. A requirement for these reported incidents is that they be fatal incidents, or that the injured person had required an overnight hospital visit. Four examples of the types of incidents that have been reported to Florida's Bureau of Fair Rides Inspection are listed here:[5][not in citation given]
a 68-year-old woman fractured both legs and an arm while exiting the ride vehicle of Peter Pan's Flight. a 42-year-old man broke their left ankle while exiting the Kilimanjaro Safari ride vehicle. a 14-year-old girl broke their arm on the Camp Jurassic climbing nets. a 57-year-old man suffered chest pain while riding Revenge of the Mummy.
From 2004 through 2009, the Orlando-area attractions that attracted the most guest lawsuits were:[6]
2006 [ edit ]
In the second quarter of 2006, there were 12 reported cases of serious injuries or illnesses out of the many people who visited the various parks and resorts. [7] Disney reported nine cases. Among them were: two deaths; a man who swallowed too much water at Typhoon Lagoon; three women who fell and broke their hips or suffered other injuries; two men with chest pains; and a boy who fainted at Blizzard Beach. During that same time period, Universal Orlando reported one case: a woman with chest pain, numbness in an arm, and other symptoms. SeaWorld and Busch Gardens reported no cases during the quarter. Busch Gardens' Adventure Island water park reported two cases of people complaining of injuries.
In the fourth quarter of 2006, Universal Orlando, SeaWorld Orlando, Wet ‘n Wild and Busch Gardens Tampa Bay reported no serious injuries or illnesses on rides in their fourth-quarter filings. Disney reported 6 incidents, ranging from a guest's dizziness upon exiting a ride to a broken foot at Typhoon Lagoon.[8]
2007 [ edit ]
In the first quarter of 2007, Universal Orlando, SeaWorld Orlando, Wet ‘n Wild and Busch Gardens Tampa Bay reported no serious incidents on their rides. Disney reported four.[9]
In the 2nd quarter of 2007, only five significant incidents occurred at the major Orlando and Tampa Bay area theme parks. This marked the first time in five quarters that a fatality was not reported by those parks. [10]
In the 3rd quarter of 2007, eight serious injuries were reported at the major Orlando and Tampa Bay area theme parks.[5]
In the 4th quarter of 2007, three injuries and one death were reported at the major Orlando and Tampa Bay area theme parks.[11]
Injuries to children [ edit ]
Approximately 4,400 children are hurt each year on amusement park rides, but only 1.5% of those injuries are serious enough to require hospitalization.[12] Between 1990 and 2000, around 82,000 children under 18 were taken to emergency rooms after suffering injuries from amusement park rides. An additional 11,000 suffered injuries on rides outside amusement parks, such as those found at local malls, restaurants, or arcades.[13]
Of those reported 82,000 incidents, 34% occurred at locations where the rides were considered permanent, 29% happened on temporary attractions, and 25% were not categorized.
Girls were injured more often than boys. The most frequent injuries were to the head, neck, arms, face, and legs. Most injuries reported appeared to be due to improper restraints or padding, or were caused by the child falling in, on, off, or against the ride.
Notable incidents [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Quotes simply inspire us. When we're feeling down or unmotivated, they can reflect what we're feeling inside and lift us up when we need it. If we're unenthusiastic or we've lost inspiration, a thoughtful quote can motivate us because we relate to it — especially when it's expressed in a poetic way by a knowledgable role model. We use quotes to keep us going when we're completing big projects, achieving health milestones, learning new skills, or reaching other achievements.
We're always busier than ever and we feel less motivated to keep up with our good habits. Now is a great time to reflect upon our goals, which include building good habits and breaking bad ones. Quotes can push us forward when we're on a journey to be successful during busy times.
The quotations below are meant to inspire you to stay motivated. I hope they give you the inspiration that you need.
Mahatma Gandhi
Your beliefs become your thoughts, Your thoughts become your words, Your words become your actions, Your actions become your habits, Your habits become your values, Your values become your destiny. — Mahatma Gandhi
Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) is one of the most inspirational leaders of our time. They were a spiritual and political leader — well known for leading India to independence and their techniques of non-violent protest.
With this inspirational quote, Gandhi communicates the power of our beliefs and how our beliefs can spring us into action. Our actions lead us to desired success. It suggests that beliefs (good or bad) can be self-fulfilling prophecies. Gandhi's quotation can inspire us to develop empowering beliefs. For example, when a limiting belief pops into your head, replace it with an empowering belief. In your mind, replace thoughts such as “I'm not good enough to participate in the [fill in the blank] competition” with “I can win the [fill in the blank] competition with practice.” With time and energy, your goal can become a reality.
Eleanor Roosevelt
I have discovered that, important as self-discipline is to a child, it is increasingly important as one grows older. Then it is really essential for your well-being to regulate your life and habits in a sensible way. — Eleanor Roosevelt
Eleanor Roosevelt (1884-1962) was the First Lady of the United States from 1933 to 1945. They were an author, politician, civil rights activist, and humanitarian. She's well known for their work with the United Nations and overseeing the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. In 1960, Roosevelt published “You Learn by Living: Eleven Keys for a More Fulfilling Life,” which is a guide to living a full life based on their unique experiences.
Eleanor Roosevelt was extremely well-accomplished, and they are one of the most beloved figures of the twentieth century. It's difficult not to admire Roosevelt's practical advice about regulating your life and habits in order to maintain well being. Reminding ourselves to form healthy habits to maintain our energy level is essential to being and staying productive — especially as we mature.
Aristotle
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. — Aristotle
Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher, scientist, and teacher — born in 384 B.C. They were a pupil of Plato and a teacher of Alexander the Great. He's considered one of the most significant philosophers in Western philosophy.
Aristotle's quote indicates that consistently performing at a quality level makes it a repeatable feat, rather than just a one-time action. Consider the definition of a habit. Merriam-Webster defines it as “a behavior pattern acquired by frequent repetition or physiologic exposure that shows itself in regularity or increased facility of performance.” For example, if you take Aristotle's advice, you will only see the rewards of good habits if you perform the act consistently. Visualize this thought — average is not good enough, I can have consistent, quality results if I repeat quality actions over and over.
Stephen Covey
Our character is basically a composite of our habits. Because they are consistent, often unconscious patterns, they constantly, daily, express our character. — Stephen Covey
Stephen Covey (1932-2012) was an inspirational business person, author, and public speaker. He's well known for authoring the book, “The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People,” which outlines a framework for personal success and has sold more than 25 million copies worldwide.
A post about habits would not be complete without mentioning Stephen Covey. Covey makes a great point in their quote — we absolutely don't want our bad habits to define us. For example, do you want to be known as the person who's always late, disorganized, or flaky? How do you want others to perceive you? Do you want to be known as a healthy person? Perhaps you want to be known as a reliable person? Build good habits that become patterns and they will eventually express your character in a positive way. Essentially, if you want to improve your life, you must modify your habits in a positive way. As Covey points out, our character is a made up of an assembly of our habits.
George Lois
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything. — George Lois
George Lois is considered one of the most creative art directors of our time. He's known for molding both American and international culture through campaigns such as, “I want my MTV.” He's well known for the famous covers they designed for Esquire magazine. Their book, “The Art of Advertising” (Abrams, 1976) is sometimes referred to as “the bible of mass communications.” Lois is often compared to “Don Draper” from the TV series, Mad Men.
This is one of my personal favorite quotes. It inspires me to think of a creative solution when business as usual just won't make an impact. It forces me to break out of old habits and patterns and discover new paths. I hope it inspires you to solve problems by looking at them with a fresh perspective.
Please Share Your Thoughts
Keep in mind as you develop new good habits, it's important to log your progress to motivate you to keep going. Habits don't form overnight; remind yourself to repeat good habits and they will eventually become part of your daily or weekly routines. I hope this post inspires and motivates you to push through and to build good habits.
If you enjoyed this post, please share it with your friends and followers on Twitter. Click to tweet -> “These five motivational quotes will inspire you to build good habits. http://lightarrow.com/?p=9311 via @lightarrowinc”
Cheers!
More than $500,000 in WAVES volume was traded within the first hour of listing.
Bali-based Bitcoin.co.id, Southeastern Asia's largest bitcoin and blockchain asset exchange announced today they've integrated and opened trading on WAVES. WAVES is the native currency of the Waves Platform, the crypto-platform for custom token and asset issuance, transfer and trading on blockchain.
WAVES is now listed against the Indonesian Rupiah (IDR). The exchange reported lively business in early trading, with the equivalent of over $300,000 in WAVES changing hands in the first 15 minutes.
Bitcoin.co.id opened in 2013 as an education project, seeking to build a community around bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.
The exchange later began to offer bitcoin buying services before launching a full exchange in 2014. Within a year the site had attracted over 50,000 users and saw average daily trading volumes of 500 million IDR.
Alexander Ivanov, CEO, and founder of Waves said:
“Bitcoin.co.id is another great addition to the Waves ecosystem. Any new exchange offers additional liquidity to traders and, more importantly, brings new exposure for the platform.” “Indonesia is a very strategic location for further adoption and we're looking forward to seeing more applications and use cases being built in this region.”
As of today, Bitcoin.co.id has fortified its position as the largest crypto exchange in the region, with daily volumes of over $3 million — half of which is altcoin trading.
A group of literary figures and politicians from Kerala believe Malayalam, which is spoken by tens of millions, deserves classical status and the benefits such a designation entails. But not everyone is convinced.
NEW DELHI // India's ministry of culture is reviewing a petition to accord Malayalam, a language spoken by 34.7 million people, the status of a classical language.
The label is partly a matter of prestige, but it would also make Malayalam, which is spoken predominately in the state of Kerala, eligible for increased government funding to preserve and study the language.
A group of literary figures and politicians from there has been campaigning to secure Malayalam's classical status for more than two years. A recent report by a government-appointed committee has proved to be a setback, but Oommen Chandy, Kerala's chief minister, said last month that they would "make all efforts to see the language gets the status".
The culture ministry has not announced a time frame to make its decision.
The official criteria for a language to be labelled "classical", according to the ministry, include an antiquity of texts and recorded history dating back 1,500-2,000 years, and a literary tradition that is both ancient and original.
Apart from Sanskrit, the other three primary south Indian languages - Tamil, Telugu and Kannada - have all been deemed classical. Tamil was accorded the status in 2004, while Telugu and Kannada received it in 2008.
In a report this past summer, however, a committee from the Sahitya Akademi, the government's academy of letters, maintained that Malayalam did not pass the test of antiquity.
"It is doubtful if [Malayalam's] antiquity can be pushed back to the early centuries of the CE [Common Era]," the committee reported, explaining why Malayalam did not satisfy the age criterion of 1,500-2,000 years.
"Malayalam developed out of the west coast dialect of Old Tamil. It was during the eighth or ninth century that the west coast dialect started evolving as a separate language."
Tamil was the older language, which gave birth much later to Malayalam, the report said: "The relation between Tamil and Malayalam is like that of a parent and an offshoot."
But ONV Kurup, a Malayalam poet who in 2007 won the Jnanpith, India's highest literary award, said that Malayalam was just as old as Telugu or Kannada, and that it only shared a common protolanguage with Tamil. "Unfortunately, in that expert committee, there were no Malayalis at all, even though we suggested so many people," Mr Kurup said. "They deliberately selected people who already thought Malayalam is an inferior language."
Two years ago, a delegation of scholars headed by Mr Kurup presented the prime minister with a four-volume dossier to press the claims for Malayalam's antiquity. Mr Kurup wrote the foreword to this work.
One of the scholars, Pudussery Ramachandran, told the Press Trust of India in June that the dossier "had all scientific details proving the antiquity of Malayalam".
Mr Kurup recounted an example from literature that, they said, was a strong argument for the early development of Malayalam.
"In Silappatikaram, the fourth-century Tamil epic that was written in Cranganore in Kerala, there is a canto that contains so much Malayalam vocabulary, which is very similar to the language spoken by Malayalis today," they said.
"It's a matter of shame that, of the four Dravidian languages in south India, one language alone is marginalised in this way," Mr Kurup said.
But VRP Nayar, a prominent scholar of linguistics in Kerala, argued that languages "should be considered classical not because of government fiat, but because of the will of the people, exactly as Latin, Greek and Sanskrit were".
The practice of dubbing Indian languages classical, Mr Nayar said on Sunday, began because national political parties wished to please Tamil-language chauvinists who ran powerful state-level parties. But it quickly put the government in a miserable position, they said.
Mr Nayar insisted that "the earliest Malayalam text that we teach is from the 12th century, and before that there are a couple of inscriptions from the 9th century. Even that canto in the Silappatikaram, considered one of the five great epics in the Tamil language, has been brought up recently, when this whole question of the classical status came up. It has never been a part of historical studies of Malayalam".
A grant of a classical status to Malayalam could put the government on top of a slippery slope, they added.
"To my knowledge, most Indian languages bloomed and developed between the 10th and 12th centuries," they said. "So if Malayalam is called classical, then speakers of Marathi and Bengali and Punjabi and Gujarati will also ask for the status. So the government will be driven into the miserable situation of calling all Indian languages classical."
"Don't get me wrong. I'll be only too happy if, despite all this, Malayalam is given this status and millions of rupees are awarded to research the language," Mr Nayar said with a laugh. "But the way in which these things are being done is unscientific, and the protection of our languages shouldn't be connected with this 'classical' tag in any way."
The classical tag would make little difference to daily life, N Chandra, a business person in Cochin, said.
"Malayalam is already alive and vibrant. It isn't like the language will die if it doesn't receive funds from the government," they said.
ssubramanian@thenational.ae
SEATTLE - Students at John Muir Elementary School were told to stay home Thursday due to norovirus.
Seattle Public Schools says students remained home while crews cleaned the school from top to bottom. The school will be open again Friday, the school's website says.
Norovirus is an extremely contagious virus that can infect anyone, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says.
Health experts say the virus can be spread through direct contact with someone who has it.
It can also be transmitted through contact with contaminated surfaces, food or drinks.
The school district has not said how many students and faculty have become ill.
Patients typically improve in one to three days, doctors say.
No other details on the closure or the outbreak have been released.
Hello, I trust you're all ok,
There's something stressing me about Tableau. It might not be the most obvious but I'll have a go at describing it anyway.
See I demo Tableau Server all the time. Like daily. To some pretty senior people that I really want to impress. These demos often involve clicking around the server views to show some of the user content. Trouble is some of my user content isn't that great. It can be badly designed and slow to load – that's a separate issue that my team is working on.
So I click on the view and then, there it is…..
Spin, spin, spin. Will it be 2 seconds or 20? Will it even load at all? The room falls quiet as all eyes settle on the spinning circle. The audience is almost hypnotised. The tension grows, until the view pops into life (or occasionally doesn't). It's the moment I dread as I know everyone is staring at the circle, waiting. Seems like it makes 5 seconds feel like 50.
So here are my issues with this.
Positioning – The spinner is bang in the middle of the screen, you can't avoid it. It grabs your attention and also the attention of the room. Everyone starts watching it whether they want to or not.
– The spinner is bang in the middle of the screen, you can't avoid it. It grabs your attention and also the attention of the room. Everyone starts watching it whether they want to or not. Information – The spinner doesn't give any indication of the progress of the operation. I'm not sure how it can, given the nature of the underlying queries but it's still a problem.
– The spinner doesn't give any indication of the progress of the operation. I'm not sure how it can, given the nature of the underlying queries but it's still a problem. Inconsistency – Often the spin rate slows slightly just prior to completion. But sometimes it speeds up again. So I think it's about to complete, then it carries on. I know it's just an animated gif but it still seems to occur occasionally.
– Often the spin rate slows slightly just prior to completion. But sometimes it speeds up again. So I think it's about to complete, then it carries on. I know it's just an animated gif but it still seems to occur occasionally. Errors – I've had occasions when the connection is lost with the server for whatever reason, but the circle keeps going. That's very misleading.
I think everyone accepts that applications which perform loading operations will generally have some sort of indicator. But I think the spinning circle can be improved.
The psychology of waiting is certainly an interesting subject. This post refers to a study conducted by Facebook that seems to suggest the type of indicator used can affect how the user perceives the problem. Admittedly the post doesn't provide an accurate source for this but I thought it interesting nonetheless.
.
There's plenty of chat on how to make that waiting game feel less of a drag to users. This post from UXMovement.com has a number of suggestions such as
Use backwards moving ribbings
Increase number of pulsations
Accelerate progress, avoid pauses
Also take a look at this article by Chris Harrison. The associated video shows the theory in action and there's a detailed study of the theories available.
.
I wonder how much thought Tableau have given the format and positioning of the spinning circle as well as the science of perceived performance as opposed to actual performance. I think the consensus is that a progress bar is the best option but I know that won't happen as Tableau can't easily know the duration of a query. However, there are plenty of recommendations out there that may be worth considering. Why not make use of every trick in the book to make users feel they're getting a faster experience?
There has been some chat on the Tableau forums about this (thanks @johncmunoz). It seems such an insignificant component but why not add as much polish to the tool as possible? Anyway, I'm no expert on this so maybe someone who knows the subject can supply more info.
Until then I'll just think of appropriate 90's synth-pop as the circle spins.
Regards, Paul
Advertisements
Just for the sake of clarity, it'll probably be me you kill. Remember the massive uptick in deaths on American roads? The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration tells us it's come primarily at the expense of pedestrians, bicyclists and motorcyclists. And around The Drive offices, that's me.
I could almost feel this latest data set in the wind. The roads feel more dangerous. The close calls are more frequent than they used to be—so frequent I hardly even think about them afterwards. My last two came in quick succession. The first was on a highway in Orange County.
It was a badass truck, big Chevy C10, all matte black and lowered, so I admired the thing as it pulled alongside me. And I felt the rumble of its exhaust reverberating off the concrete wall to my right, and took some pleasure in it, then turned my attention back to the traffic ahead of me. I don't know if the driver of the Chevy signaled before they swerved into my lane, but they didn't slow, so when they hit me it was a hard broadside. Some animal instinct and peripheral vision told me they were coming. Nowhere to go. I stood up just a little on the footpegs, the same animal instinct said maybe I'd have a little more control. And I loosened up as best could, the same animal instinct said that any panicked control inputs would only make for more trouble. Then I let the impact just firmly shove me a few lateral feet.
I took most of it on the leg, and the rest went into the bike's crash bars and saddlebags. If you let them do their work, motorcycles have an amazing knack for straightening themselves out. This one did, and I stayed up. Mostly, I stayed lucky. Luck is important.
The driver was the nicest guy in the world, kinda guy I'd have a beer with. Kinda guy that would have showed up at my funeral. They gave me a giant hug as if to feel that I was still whole and I could feel them shaking from the adrenaline. I'm certain they were as surprised to hit me as I was to be hit. I'm equally certain they were on their phone.
A month later it almost happened again on my walk across Los Angeles. A big, new Ford pickup ran a stop sign as I sauntered through a crosswalk in Los Feliz. I jumped back. The guy missed me by inches. Me and my big straw cowboy hat. Me and a fluorescent yellow backpack. I couldn't have been more visible, but you have to look in order to see, and this asshole was buried in their mobile phone.
Stand at any intersection as cars back up behind a red light. One after the other, necks crane downwards, faces light up in that blue-white glow. Indifference has become our routine. While the head of the NHTSA calls this latest increase in traffic deaths a crisis, I call our lack of attention a pandemic. We have to do better. Better at driving, but better at living too.
Or, in my case, I won't get to do either.
If you feel like you've earned the responsibility of controlling a 4000-lb metal bludgeon at 80 miles an hour. If you give a shit about reading motorcycle stories. If you think it's unfair that the spike in fatalities is coming at the expense of the least protected of us–the pedestrians and the bicyclists and motorcyclists–while modern cars coddle and protect their negligent drivers. If you find 17,775 traffic deaths in the first six months of the year offensive. If you like driving. Get off your motherfucking mobile phone. It's killing people.
Work-for-the-dole could be expanded into aged care homes, Federal Government says
Updated
Newstart recipients forced to work for their welfare payments could be asked to volunteer in aged care facilities as part of a reinvigorated work-for-the-dole scheme.
The Federal Government wants to make good on its election commitment to reinstate the Howard-era program, but says much of the detail is still to be worked out, including when the scheme will restart.
Dole recipients would be asked to take part in civic maintenance, cleaning streets and parks, as occurred in the scheme's first inception.
Assistant Minister for Employment Luke Hartsuyker says it is also possible welfare recipients could work in aged care facilities, doing maintenance work such as gardening and painting.
"We would not intend that work-for-the-dole participants would be involved in the care of patients, but perhaps be involved in work that the facility could not otherwise do," they told the ABC's AM program.
"We'll be releasing the implementation for work for the dole in due course.
"There is not a start date locked in at this point in time."
The Government says its is focused on ensuring that the work-for-the-dole scheme does not remove incentives for paid work, and wants to place job seekers with not-for-profit organisations.
Mr Hartsuyker denied it would create a regulatory burden for charities wanting to engage in the program.
"We want to implement this program in a measured and a methodical way," they said.
Opposition demands details of work-for-the-dole scheme
Labor's employment spokesperson Brendan O'Connor says making people on the dole work for their welfare takes them away from time they could spend finding a job.
"If you've been a long-term employee who's just been retrenched, the last thing you need is work experience, you may need skill acquisition," Mr O'Connor said.
Mr O'Connor has also called on the Government to provide more details about its plans.
"How much money is going to be dedicated to these initiatives? What engagement do they have with future employers who might want to employ people in this arrangement?" Mr O'Connor said.
"What are the workers' compensation arrangements? What is the public liability arrangements?
"There are so many questions, fewer answers than questions so far."
The Government says it is still working on the program for people on unemployment benefits and cannot say how much it will cost.
Topics: welfare, government-and-politics, federal-government, aged-care, australia
First posted
Simon Townley travels to Austria to learn how 'the father of the symphony' was separated from their head for 145 years. From May 2009.
Simon Townley tells the story of the theft of the skull of composer Joseph Haydn by over-zealous fans, shortly after their death in 1809.
The man who gave the world The Creation, over a hundred symphonies and the blueprint for the string quartet, had their head stolen by Karl Rosenbaum, the secretary of Haydn's employers, the Esterhazy family, and Johann Nepomuk Peter, governor of the provincial prison. Their motivation for stealing the skull was, it is believed, 'scientific': there was at the time a great interest in phrenology, a now-discredited scientific movement that attempted to associate mental capacities with aspects of cranial anatomy.
Simon tracks down what happened to the famous head in the next 145 years, through being displayed for years at the Gesellschaft für Musikfreunde in Vienna in a specially made black wooden casket, until it was finally reunited in 1954 with Haydn's other remains in a marble tomb in the Bergkirche in Eisenstadt.
They find out exactly what the phrenologists were hoping to achieve with the head of the late composer and ponders the curious enthusiasm that fans of classical music have for busts of their favourite composers.
Close
Cracks appear to be forming within the frames of Google's Glass initiative, as app development slows and one of Google's co-founders shows up to an event Glassless.
With the last few months of the year melting off 2014, the most recent news about Google Glass has been the absence of new information about the product's progress. Reuters recently took at look at the void of Google Glass news, and then suddenly the Internet began to remember the augmented reality headsets in a collective "oh, yeah."
Google Glass is still in its testing period, a time when app development is essential. A consumer launch with a dearth of apps could spell trouble for a product that has had a hard time drawing favorable attention from the general public.
With Google still uncommitted to an official release date for Glass, app developers are starting to move onto virtual reality or retreat back to smartphones. When support for their Glass fitness app waned, Alex Foster redirected their efforts into an analytics firms that focuses on augmented realitymarketing.
"It was devastating," Foster said of losing venture support. "All of the consumer Glass startups are either completely dead or have pivoted," to enterprise products or rival wearables.
Google co-founder Sergey Brin recently told reporters they left their Glass in the car, when they showed up without it to an event in Silicon Valley.
With early adopters of Google Glass, called "Explorers," being rebranded "Glassholes" by some in the public, the wave of angst and animosity directed at the smart glasses has made wearing them sometimes a struggle in main street's parks and cafes. However, the workplace has been a lot more accommodating of the wearables.
"These are people who can't reach into their pocket to pull out a cell phone, they can't type on a laptop," said Google Glass director Chris O'Neill. "They have every need to access information, every need to use tech to make their jobs that much more safe and productive."
Dr. Warren Wiechmann is heading up a Glass initiative at the University of California at Irvine, which is partnering with app developer Pristine on the smart glass experiment. Wiechmann says the Glass "opens things up."
Pristine is one of 10 app developers that are taking part in Google's Glass at Work initiative, which seeks to spur enterprise development for the smart glasses. With support for the Glass dying on the streets, the workplace may be the incubator that sees the product through a successful launch.
"We are completely energized and as energized as ever about the opportunity that wearables and Glass in particular represent," said O'Neill to Reuters' inquiry about Glass' health.
TAG Google, Glass, Development, support, Developers, Workplace, enterprise, Apps
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Police believe Jabar acquired an older-style handgun at the mosque that afternoon and put it in their Nike backpack. A man is arrested during the operation on Tuesday. Credit:NSW Police A Middle Eastern crime gang is being investigated in relation to supplying the gun used by Jabar. Police raided a home in Merrylands on Wednesday that had been investigated for firearms supply earlier this year. Talal Alameddine, a known criminal on firearms charges, was detained at the home but it's not believed they sourced the gun.
They were also not part of the group that met Jabar at the mosque. The 18-year-old Wentworthville man arrested during raids last Wednesday. Credit:NSW Police Jabar, who recently started going by the name Abu Zaid on social media, also wrote a chilling note on Friday afternoon, found in their backpack dumped near the scene. Among the ramblings, described by one source as mostly "jibberish", the note said: "blood will run into the streets" and "know your security means nothing to us". The handwriting has been confirmed as Jabar's, Fairfax Media has been told. As part of their investigation into Mr Cheng's murder, police raided homes in Merrylands, Guildford, Wentworthville and Marsfield on Wednesday and arrested five men. Police arrest a man in Wentworthville. Credit:Police Multimedia
A man from north-west Sydney, two teenagers aged 16 and 18 from Wentworthville and Mr Alameddine were arrested. Mr Alameddine's brother, Rafat, was also arrested on outstanding fraud warrants. The man from the north-west and the teenagers from Wentworthville had previously been targeted in sweeping Operation Appleby counter-terrorism raids in September 2014 but they were not arrested at the time. Farhad Jabar was killed in a shootout with police. A source said they were considered "peripheral" players to the plot at the centre of the Appleby raids – an alleged phone call between Guildford man Omarjan Azari, 23, and Islamic State recruiter Mohammed Ali Baryalei, about beheading a random person on the streets of Sydney. Two of Mr Azari's brothers were targeted in the raid in Guildford on Wednesday but they were not arrested.
The men targeted in Operation Appleby last year met at Parramatta Mosque often and operated a group called the Shura, an Arabic term for consultation. The men have been under heavy surveillance since last year, leading them to look elsewhere in their efforts to carry out a terrorist attack, Fairfax Media understands. "Some of them might have been wanting to do an attack but were concerned. They've managed to radicalise a poor vulnerable person to do it instead," a police source said. "It's almost like they've groomed them like paedophiles to do something for them." Jabar was a quiet, cheerful student who vigilantly attended the mosque but was not considered extremist and was not on any police radar before Friday. Fellow students told Fairfax Media they never spoke openly about religion and was more concerned with playing basketball and joking around. It was only a few weeks ago that they were drawn into the extremist circle by the 16-year-old Wentworthville boy, one of Jabar's year 10 classmates at Arthur Phillip High School.
The pair regularly attended the same sessions at Parramatta Mosque and school lunchtime prayer groups. The 16-year-old, who cannot be named, was charged last year for driving past a Christian school in Harris Park, yelling death threats and waving an Islamic State flag. Their Facebook page reveals odd connections with extremist preachers in Canada, Sydney and Lebanon. The men made sure they only communicated with Jabar at the mosque and not through social media, Fairfax has been told. Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn did not rule out further arrests and said it was an "unfortunate reality" that undetected lone wolves will continue to launch attacks on home soil.
Australian Federal Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Neil Gaughan said authorities were in "an unprecedented time of operational tempo". "The threat level remains high and that means a terrorist attack is likely. That's not going to change in the foreseeable future," they said. Mr Gaughan also revealed that Jabar's sister, Shadi, left Australia without warning last week.
They said Turkish police had been notified and they were attempting to find them NOTE: An earlier version of this story was changed for legal reasons.
Just days before North Korea fired land-to-ship missiles off its east coast, Pyongyang slammed President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement, calling Trump's move a “shortsighted and silly decision.”
North Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs called global warming “one of the gravest challenges humankind is facing today.”
“This is the height of egotism and moral vacuum seeking only their own well-being at the cost of the entire planet,” the statement read, according to the Korean Central News Agency. “Whoever chooses to blindly follow the Trump administration overpowered by its bravado should be fully aware that the judgment of history shall take them all as one.”
The Washington Post reported that North Korea signed on to the agreement. Its leader, Kim Jong-un, reportedly “declared war on deforestation” back in 2015.
Trump's decision drew heavy criticism within the U.S. and internationally, including in China, which swiftly recommitted itself to the agreement forged with the administration of former President Obama. Trump argued that the Paris agreement favors emerging economies such as China's and India's at the expense of U.S. workers.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt touted U.S. emissions reductions over past years and said that despite withdrawing from the Paris accord, the Trump administration would continue to engage others, particularly developing nations, on the effort.
"We have a strong, strong approach to reducing emissions. We have nothing to be apologetic about," Pruitt said. "America is not going to be disengaged, we are going to maintain engagement."
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Michael Fossel, M.D., PhD, is the author of The Telomerase Revolution, The Immortality Edge, and Cells, Aging, and Human Disease.  They are the president and co-founder of Telocyte, a company that aims to use telomerase therapy to cure Alzheimer's.
Dr. Fossel believes that the shortening of telomeres, the caps on the ends of chromosomes, is the fundamental process behind aging, and their most recent book makes a convincing case for it. You can read an explanation of the telomere theory of aging here. In essence, as telomeres become too short after repeated cell divisions, the cell is unable to clear damaged molecules, and ultimately enters a state of senescence, and this is responsible for aging.
As I read the book, a number of questions came to mind, and Dr. Fossel agreed to answer them.
If the theory holds true and the technology is successful, we could be on the verge of a huge breakthrough in aging. Dr. Fossel asserts in their book that within a decade or two, we will be able to extend human life to up to several centuries in length.
Below are my questions with Dr Fossel's answers. I thank Dr. Fossel for responding to my questions.
1. Some components of an aged cell appear to be very difficult or impossible to degrade, for example lipofuscin. How would the resetting of telomeres solve this problem?
A. Actually, lipofuscin, like almost all molecules, is NOT a molecule that passively and gradually accumulates, but rather represents a dynamic pool in which it is continually being produced (anabolism) and broken down (catabolism). The reason that it increases in some cells is that the overall rate of turnover (both anabolism and catabolism) decreases and permits the gradual increase in the percentage of denatured molecules. Parallels are found in all other molecular pools (such as beta amyloid), both intracellularly and extracellularly, as well as in cell populations themselves (such as occurs in the dynamic turnover of bony matrix via osteoblasts v osteoclasts). In short, we need to remember that lipofuscin is not simply “garbage” that accumulates passively, but is actually a reflection of slower cell product “recycling”. The rate of that recycling is directly correlated to telomere loss: the shorter the telomeres, the slower the rate of molecular and cellular turnover. Once we increase telomere length, we increase gene expression, increase molecular turnover, and bring lipofuscin levels back to those typical of “young” cell function.
2. You write in your book about how the shortening of telomeres changes gene expression so that molecular turnover becomes slower and damaged molecules accumulate. Yet the pattern of gene expression changes, not merely slows, with some gene products becoming more abundant with age, for example TNF alpha. Why does a change in the pattern and not merely the rate of gene expression contribute to the accumulation of damage?
A. It always depends on the gene in question. In the case of most inflammatory gene products, for example, the result in increasing (and increasingly inappropriate) gene responses. Overall, most enzymes, for example those involved in DNA repair, show a decrease and almost all protein and other molecular pools (lipids and glycoproteins, for example) show a slower rate of turnover. In the case of many markers, however, such as inflammation, ROS (production, leakage, and concentration), the levels rise, often due (as with ROS issues) to the slower turnover rates of the enzymes responsible for those levels. The key is that gene expression CHANGES and while almost all direct changes are to lower gene expression, indirect changes are legion. If I, for example, lower the gene expression of one gene, it may well induce a secondary increase in the expression of a second gene. That's the beauty and the complexity of epigenetic (as opposed to genetic) relationships.
3. Perhaps the most accepted theory of aging at the moment concerns the pro-aging effects of insulin and IGF-1 signaling. Can that be reconciled with the telomere theory? What are its shortcomings, if any, in your opinion?
A. That's not a theory, has no logical supportive data, and is naïve. They look at a small segment of biology and (unsuccessfully and with internal contradictions) try to paste together a theory. It's no better than trying to explain aging by reference to hormones or ROS alone: it fails to explain anything but the most myopic selection of data, clinical facts, or interventive predictions. Phlogiston was a better basis for physics and humors a better basis for medicine than is the attempt to explain all aging on the basis of insulin and IGF's.
4. Another theory has it that aging is a “quasi-program” (Blagosklonny), a continuation of the development program. Do you think this is plausible/correct? Does it conflict with the telomere theory?
A. Aging certainly isn't merely something that “happens”, but I have a hard time fitting it into a single teleologically loaded word such as “programmed” or even “quasi-programmed”. Once we pick a loaded word like that, people (on both sides of the argument) stop thinking. It reminds me of the problem that occurs when we label (for example) penicillin as an “antibiotic”. We then stop thinking reasonably and begin to assume that it can't be an anti-viral, anti-chlamydial, or anti-fungal agent. As you may know, penicillin is an excellent agent for causing seizures if applied to the vertebrate brain after removal of the meninges, yet no one thinks of it that way. In regard to aging, however, I would say that aging is NOT a continuation of “the” developmental program that takes an organism from zygote to adult. I would, however, say that aging has advantages to species adaptation and survival. Once again, however, I deprecate the use of the word “programmed” simply because it carries unintentional denotational baggage and misleads the discussion into the idea of teleology, as though nature “chooses” to have us age. Nature has no “intentions” and doesn't “program” what happens to biological systems. That is wobbly thinking of the worst sort and makes me suspect that humans are incapable of facing reality at all. Nature simply is: aging occurs because some species that age are a bit more likely to survive (as species) that others that don't. Things that survive, survive. That's all there is to evolution.
5. What would you say would count as evidence against the telomere theory of aging?
A. There is no evidence against the telomere theory of aging, but there are a great many people who don't understand the telomere theory of aging. They start with naïve misunderstandings, erroneously attribute them to “the telomere theory of aging”, find irrelevant counter-examples, and then declare victory. The most common example is telomere length. People note that some mouse varieties have longer telomeres and shorter lifespans than humans and conclude that the telomere theory of aging is wrong. The telomere theory of aging would actually say that telomere length per se has absolutely nothing to do with aging in cells or otherwise. Cell aging is NOT related to telomere lengths but to CHANGES in telomere length. In my book, I've cited several other examples of naïve criticisms, often based on either an ignorance of the theory or an ignorance of human pathology, but there are several other similar “strawman arguments” made that are not so much “evidence against the telomere theory of aging” as they are evidence against the knowledge and the logical abilities of those who espouse them.
6. Would you agree that interventions that result in good health, for example exercise or fasting, result in slower telomere shortening, and that conditions that cause worse health, say obesity or smoking, increase telomere shortening?
A. Yes.
7. You state in your book that within the next decade or two, we will be able to lengthen the human lifespan to perhaps several centuries. What is the ground for such optimism?
A. Theory, cell data, tissue data, and organism data. That includes both animal and human studies.
8. Is there currently a good way to lengthen telomeres or activate telomerase? Is there good evidence that TA-65 works?
A. There is fair evidence (not “good”, just “fair”) that TA-65 works in humans.
9. It seems to me that interventions that increase autophagy, such as intermittent fasting or the use of autophagy promoters like hydroxycitrate or resveratrol, are the best way we currently know to increase turnover of damaged molecules and hence to counteract the aging process. Would you agree?
A. No.
10. You emphasize in your book that cell division and not passage of time causes aging. Yet the accumulation of iron (and to a lesser extent other metals) promotes aging and disease, an effect which could be ascribed to the passage of time. The human body has no means of excreting excess iron. Wouldn't this issue need to be dealt with in addition to lengthening telomeres?
A. Not true. The human body DOES excrete iron, it just has no ACTIVE mechanism for excretion and it can't excrete excess iron beyond a fixed amount. There is passive excretion in both menses and stool, which roughly balance intake over the lifetime, but there is an overall imbalance if the menses are too great (iron loss) or if iron intake is even slightly too high (iron gain). In most healthy adults (even in old age) the passive loss of iron is sufficient to prevent an overall iron saturation.
————————————————
Notes: Calorie restriction is currently the most robust means of increasing lifespan, and much of its efficacy appears to be due to increased autophagy, which breaks down and recycles damaged molecules. (Question 9.) Unfortunately, men and post-menopausal women do not have menses, and many adults have far too much body iron, as documented in my book. (Question 10.)
The Dutch final report on the MH17 crash allegedly criticised Malaysia for hindering investigation, a news report has claimed. File picture shows Tjibbe Joustra, chairperson of the Dutch Safety Board, presenting the final report in Gilze Rijen, the Netherlands, October 13, 2015. — Reuters pic
KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 19 — The final report on the Dutch-led investigation on the MH17 crash has allegedly criticised Malaysia for “suspending” assistance and conducting its own probe to exonerate itself, a news report has claimed.
Australia News Corp claimed that a section of the four-volume detailed analysis report released last week had stated that both Putrajaya and Malaysia Airlines – the owner of the ill-fated plane – had “actively sought to hinder the investigation to avoid scrutiny”, though they later chose to cooperate “in a limited way”.
“From the start of the investigation it proved to be more complicated to organise interviews with employees of the Malaysian Government and the airline in Kuala Lumpur, the same applied to obtaining the documents investigators requested (from) them,” the story claimed, quoting investigators cited in a section on failure of collecting international data.
The report said Malaysia eventually began sharing information, only to again see cooperation “temporarily suspended by order of the airline's headquarters”.
It was only in January this year when Malaysian authorities allowed access to its employees and helped with information on the cause of the crash, the report added.
“The investigations into the flight route and the causes of the crash in particular were hindered by the fact that this information had not been available for a long time.
“In one case the lack of information caused the Dutch Safety Board to be unable to draw conclusions on a specific aspect of the investigation,” the report read as cited by the Australian news agency.
Aside from Malaysia, the Dutch report also criticised Russia for impeding investigations by failing to provide raw radar data of the flight's last location and information on the Russian-made Buk missile, and Ukraine for not allowing certain officials to be interviewed and also failing to provide raw flight path radar data.
Flight MH17 from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down over Donetsk in eastern Ukraine on July 17 last year, killing all 298 passengers onboard.
The final investigation report was released last week, 15 months after the incident based on a probe undertaken by a joint investigation team from the Netherlands, Ukraine, Malaysia, Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States and Russia.
The victims were predominantly from the Netherlands, but also included citizens of Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia, the United Kingdom, Germany, Belgium, the Philippines, Canada and New Zealand.
Hospitals in Europe have been warned that newly-arrived migrants may bring with them diseases that have been eradicated in the country for several decades.
The Danish State Serum Institute (SSI) has warned hospitals to be on the lookout for signs of diphtheria, an illness that has not been seen in Denmark for 20 years, after two Libyan migrants tested position for the disease.
“The infection can be very dangerous if one isn't vaccinated against it. The dangerous type is very rare and we last saw it in Denmark in 1998,” spokesperson Kurt Fuursted said.
Danish newspaper Metroxpress also reported that other asylum seekers had also been found to be carrying tuberculosis and malaria, prompting the SSI to comment that Denmark may start introducing mandatory health checks for migrants.
“There is no doubt that infectious diseases are coming in with the refugees that we aren't used to. There have been discussions on whether all refugees who come to Denmark should be screened,” Mr Fuursted added.
The Local reports that Health Minister Sophie Lunde has confirmed immigration officials will discuss a change in policy with the country's Health and Medicines Authority. As well as screening, Denmark could also introduce mandatory vaccinations for migrants.
Breitbart London reported this weekend how London is now the tuberculosis capital of Europe thanks to mass migration. In 2014, for example, the city saw 2,500 new cases, a higher rate than most nations' totals, including Iraq, Rwanda and Algeria.
The University of Oxford's Migration Observatory has previously said: “There is evidence that the highest rates of TB among migrants occur among people who are recent arrivals in the UK, possibly reflecting prevalence rates in countries of origin, but less than a half are diagnosed within five years of arrival.”
This opinion is echoed by Dr Onkar Sahota, chair of the London Assembly Health Committee, who said there is a “clear link between TB and migration” and found 80 per cent of sufferers in London were born abroad.
Commenting on Dr Sahota's findings, London City Hall said: “The Mayor takes the issue of TB seriously and recognises that it is a significant health challenge for London.
“Recent figures show that, in the three years to 2014, the number of people infected in the capital has fallen but the Mayor remains committed to tackling TB and is assured by Public Health England that every effort continues to be made to prevent and treat the disease in London.”
Norwich City agree fee for Newcastle United defender Grant Hanley
Grant Hanley could be on their way to Norwich City. Picture: PA PA Archive/PA Images
Norwich City have agreed a fee with Newcastle United for defender Grant Hanley.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The 25-year-old is currently undergoing a medical with the Canaries having been told they are not part of Rafa Benitez's first team plans at St James' Park.
Fulham are also interested in the Scotland international but it is understood Norwich is in pole position to sign him.
Hanley has four years remaining on their contract at Newcastle and their wages of a reported £40,000 per week could yet prove a stumbling block.
City are in the market for defensive reinforcements after a woeful start to the new Championship campaign under Daniel Farke.
Hanley has made just one senior appearance this season for the Magpies in a 3-2 League Cup defeat to Nottingham Forest and played a minor role in Newcastle's Championship title success last season.
The Scottish international moved to St James' Park in July 2016 on a five year contract from Blackburn for an undisclosed fee, reportedly in the region of £5.5m. Hanley is currently on international duty alongside Russell Martin and Steven Naismith preparing for upcoming World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania and Malta.
Farke would welcome fresh faces ahead of Thursday's deadline and the Canaries have been strongly linked to Bristol City's Aden Flint in recent days after previously tracking Premier League duo Jake Salter-Clarke and Krystian Bielik.
City have signed central defensive pair Marcel Franke and Christoph Zimmermann since Farke's arrival, along with Sean Raggett who has returned to Lincoln City on loan until the New Year.
Games studio Betheseda has unveiled its "disgustingly" violent game Doom 4, the latest instalment in the blockbuster shoot 'em up series.
A final version of the "grotesque" game was shown off yesterday in front of a baying crowd of gamers at E3, who cheered every act of sickening violence.
Feminist campaigner Anita Sarkeesian was watching the launch, tweeting their disapproval at what they had seen.
Doom holds a special place in gamers' hearts, because it was the first smash-hit shoot 'em up, setting the template for a genre which has become a staple of the industry.
Marty Stratton, executive producer of Doom, said the secret to any Doom title was "bad-ass demons, big f****** guns and moving really, really fast".
"Doom is a special part of our individual gaming history," they told the audience at E3.
"[The games] made us feel smart, fast, powerful and part of something much larger."
Video game nasty: Doom 4 features intense super violence
The original game was also known for its extreme violence and satanic imagery, allowing players to take on the role of a battle-hardened space marine who descends into hell.
This latest episode ratchets up the violence considerably, inviting gamers to carve enemies in half with a chainsaw, stomp on their heads and cosh them with blunt weapons.
All of these appalling acts of violence are accompanied by huge gushes of blood - and huge cheers and whoops from the audience at E3.
They particularly enjoyed scenes of brutal hand-to-hand combat, which often results in enemies' heads being blown wide open, and a moment which showed the main character using a dead person's hand to activate a fingerprint scanner.
But despite the rapturous response it received at E3, the level of violence in Doom 4 has already drawn criticism.
"How the hell am I supposed to sleep after watching this?" one shocked commenter wrote beneath a video of the game on Youtube.
The game is likely to carry an 18 rating.
To everyone
I don't usually respond to this kind of criticism, but this has gotten so out of hand and always happens when I make some sort of ‘controversial' statement on Twitter. To you people who get offended at every turn: Why don't you try focusing your civil unrest at something that dearly needs it, like the fact that today the Israeli air force struck a school with a missile killing 10 people, most of which were children. I suppose you're all ok with that, as long as the missile didn't call the school 'retarded' first, right? My job as a comedian is to make people laugh and feel better about their lives. So no, in the midst of so many other pressing matters in the world, I will not apologize for calling a PS4 retarded. I encourage you to look at yourselves and think about what really matters.
Reply · Report Post
WASHINGTON – The Obama administration is weighing a range of aggressive responses to alllegations that Russia violated a Cold War-era nuclear treaty, including deploying land-based missiles in Europe that could pre-emptively destroy the Russian weapons.
This “counterforce” option is among possibilities the administration is considering as it reviews its entire policy toward Russia in light of Moscow's military intervention in Ukraine, its annexation of Crimea and other actions the U.S. deems confrontational in Europe and beyond.
The options go so far as one implied – but not stated explicitly – that would improve the ability of U.S. nuclear weapons to destroy military targets on Russian territory.
It all has a certain Cold War ring, even if the White House ultimately decides not to respond to allegations that Russia flight-tested a ground-launched cruise missile that has a range prohibited by the treaty.
Russia denies violating the treaty and has, in turn, claimed violations by the United States in erecting missile defenses.
It is unclear whether Russia has actually deployed the suspect missile or whether Washington would make any military move if the Russians stopped short of deployment. For now, administration officials say they prefer to continue trying to talk Moscow into treaty compliance.
In public, administration officials have used obscure terms like “counterforce” and “countervailing strike capabilities” to describe two of its military response options, apparently hoping to buy time for diplomacy.
The Pentagon declined to make a senior defense policy official available to discuss the issue. A spokesperson, Lt. Col. Joe Sowers, said, “All the options under consideration are designed to ensure that Russia gains no significant military advantage from their violation.”
At their Senate confirmation hearing in February, Defense Secretary Ash Carter noted their concern about possible violations of the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces, or INF, treaty. They said disregard for treaty limitations was a “two-way street” opening the way for the U.S. to respond in kind.
The standoff speaks volumes about the depths to which U.S.-Russia relations have fallen. And that poses problems not only for the Obama administration but also for the NATO alliance, whose members in eastern Europe are especially leery of allowing Russian provocations to go unanswered.
Western leaders are meeting Sunday and Monday for a G-7 summit – from which Russian President Vladimir Putin has been excluded – where Russian aggression will be a key topic. On Friday, Carter plans to meet in Germany with American defense and diplomatic officials to map out a counterstrategy to Russia's military intervention in Ukraine and to reassure allies worried about Moscow. The treaty issue is not a specific agenda item for Carter, but aides said regional nuclear force issues could come up.
The U.S. and its Western partners have tried to use economic and diplomatic leverage against Putin on a range of conflicts, including Ukraine. But they also recognize that Moscow still plays an important role in international affairs, including the nuclear talks with Iran that are among President Barack Obama's highest foreign policy priorities.
The administration is considering three options for responding militarily to any Russian missile treaty violations: defenses to stop a treaty-violating missile, the “counterforce” option to attack a missile preemptively and the “countervailing strike capabilities” option that implies the potential use of nuclear forces.
One of Carter's nuclear policy aides, Robert Scher, testified in April that “counterforce” means “we could go about and actually attack that missile where it is in Russia.” Another Pentagon official, Brian McKeon, testified in December that this option involved potential deployment in Europe of ground-launched cruise missiles.
Scher said another option would involve “not simply attacking” the Russian missile but seeing “what things we can hold at risk within Russia itself.” Hans Kristensen, a nuclear weapons expert at the Federation of American Scientists, said this could mean further improving the ability of U.S. nuclear or conventional forces to destroy Russian military targets in addition to missiles deemed to violate the INF treaty.
Kristensen said the public discussion of these options amounts to “one hell of a gamble” that Putin will back down on INF.
The Obama administration has been relatively gentle in poking Moscow publicly on the INF issue. The State Department's top arms control official, Rose Gottemoeller, has called the alleged Russian violations a “very grave concern.” In December they argued against declaring the treaty dead, saying America's allies also are opposed to that approach.
The State Department said last July that Russia had tested a missile in violation of the treaty, which bans indefinitely the possession, production and flight-testing of missiles – both nuclear and conventional – with ranges between 500 and 5,500 kilometers (310 and 3,410 miles).
The administration has not said whether it believes the Russian missile is nuclear or conventional. But Carter said, in responses for their confirmation hearing, “Russia's INF treaty violation is consistent with its strategy of relying on nuclear weapons to offset U.S. and NATO conventional superiority.”
Much about the subject is classified, including a Pentagon assessment of the threat posed by Russian violations.
The Associated Press was given an unclassified portion of a report written by the office of Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, that examines weapons the U.S. could develop and deploy if freed from INF treaty constraints.
It identified four such weapons that “could assist in closing … a capability gap.”
Among the four are ground-launched cruise missiles deployed in Europe or Asia, and ground-launched intermediate-range ballistic missiles equipped with technology that adjusts the trajectory of a warhead after it re-enters Earth's atmosphere and heads for its target.
The prospect of returning U.S. medium-range missiles to Europe recalls some of the darker days of the Cold War when Washington's NATO allies hosted U.S. ground-launched cruise missiles and Pershing 2 ballistic missiles, countering Soviet SS-20 missiles. The U.S.-NATO response prompted a Europe-wide protest movement, followed by U.S.-Soviet negotiations leading to the INF treaty, the first to ban an entire class of missile.
CLOSE Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta has announced the resignation of their government following huge protests in the wake of a nightclub fire that killed more than 30 people. USA TODAY
Romanian Prime Minister, Victor Ponta, adjusts their collar during a June meeting with foreign media at the government headquarters in Bucharest. Ponta has resigned following protests over the deadly Bucharest nightclub fire. (Photo: Vadim Ghirda, AP)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta announced the resignation of their government Wednesday following huge protests in the wake of a nightclub fire that killed more than 30 people.
"I'm handing in my mandate, I'm resigning, and implicitly my government too," Ponta said in a statement.
Some 20,000 people took to the streets of Bucharest Tuesday evening in a spontaneous protest calling for the resignation of Ponta, Interior Minister Gabriel Oprea and a district mayor where the Colectiv nightclub was located.
They shouted "Shame on you!" and "Assassins!" and waved Romanian flags. Anger has been brewing for some time in Romania against the government, which many perceive as being corrupt, and Friday's fire has added to the discontent.
President Klaus Iohannis wrote on their Facebook page late Tuesday: "I understand what is being asked and what is expected, and they are right, someone has to take political responsibility." They added, "The next step is for politicians, who cannot ignore this sentiment of revolt."
Witnesses said the fire broke out during a heavy-metal concert in the basement club when a spark ignited foam decor, sending panicked people stampeding for the single-door exit. The death toll stands at 32, with some 130 still hospitalized, dozens of them in serious or critical condition.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Myt86o
Leader of the far-right Israeli group Lehava, Bentzi Gopstein (L), seen at a press conference with their lawyer Itamar Ben Gvir, in Jerusalem on August 11, 2015. (Photo: Miriam Alster/Flash90)
Itamar Ben-Gvir and Bentzi Gopstein, far-right settlers and followers of the late Rabbi Meir Kahane, have filed a complaint with Israeli police against Emad Abu Shamsiya, the Palestinian videographer who captured the execution of an incapacitated Palestinian suspect in Hebron.
Ben-Gvir is a lawyer who defends Jews suspected of vigilante attacks including the killers of the Dawabshe family. Gopstein is founder of the state-funded anti-miscegenation movement Lehava, and has called for churches to be burned.
In their letter to the police, they claim that Abu Shamsiya's presence during the killing is no coincidence, but was coordinated with the alleged attack in order to capture damning video.
They write: “In our opinion the accumulation of cases and their number raises questions and it would be quite naive to think that we might be talking about a coincidence. It deserves to be checked and examined, is there coordination, between certain elements of those who carry out offenses and those who are present on the spot exactly at the same time? Under these circumstances, we ask you to order an opening of an investigation against Abu Shamsiya, and make a clarification also about the actions of B'Tselem.”
Ben Gvir and Gopstein allege the attackers and Abu Shamsiya somehow foresaw the execution and plotted accordingly. This would be laughable if it didn't have serious implications. Abu Shamsiya has already received death threats from settlers.
This letter comes as a new video has surfaced showing Elor Azraya, the soldier who killed Abed al-Fattah Yusri al-Sharif in Hebron, shaking hands with far-right leader Baruch Marzel while al-Sharif's body was being removed from the scene. Ben-Gvir has also served as Marzel's attorney.
Ha'aretz reports:
Nave Wood
1
Angela Stent is a well renowned political s
cientist who is currently the “D
irector of Center for Eurasian, Russian and East European Studies and Professor of Government and
Foreign Service at Georgetown University” (Georgetown University). They have multiple
publications in
the U.S. and interdisciplinary research. “She is a member of the senior advisory panel for NATO's Supreme Allied Comma nder in Europe” (Georgetown University).  They are also an editorial advisor for many publications. Based on their background the book “The Li
mits of Foreign Policy U.S. Russian Approaches in the Twenty-First
Century” contains critical and
important information on the Russian-U.S. relationship. Based on their information and analysis on the many issues between the two states, they provide important arguments for the reasons why these two states seem to not get along. The two main theories mostly linked in this book and in which Stent utilizes to explain
both states' behaviors are constructivism and realism. How both Russia and the U.S. interacted
with each other is based on their cultures and opinions on domestic and foreign affairs. Within the book there are multiple examples of how individual interpretations played a role in decision
making, which contributed to what a state's actions would b
e. In terms of realism, the U.S.- Russian relationship has mostly been in a traditional setting. Especially in terms of the military and power within the international system. Therefore, Stent focuses on traditional security, wealth (GPD), alliances, and polarities. These two theories will shape how the book presents
both state's stances on different issues, how those i
ssues were resolved, and how it affected future foreign policies.
These theories will help to shape the author's themes which will be
The Wikipedia administrator who accused the Tory co-chairperson, Grant Shapps, of creating a fake identity on the online encyclopedia to boost their reputation is a leading activist in the Liberal Democrats, the Telegraph can reveal.
Richard Symonds admitted today that they had been “chastised” by other administrators at Wikipedia for not checking with more people before banning a user who they claim is Mr Shapps, or someone working for him.
Mr Symonds also admitted that they had briefed The Guardian newspaper, which broke the allegations.
Mr Shapps has furiously denied the allegations, saying they are a political smear by their opponents. On Wednesday afternoon Mr Shapps said: "This has been the most bonkers story of the election campaign which has left the Lib Dems with a lot of explaining to do."
Senior Lib Dem figures led a chorus of mockery against Mr Shapps within two hours of their supposed fake identity – or “sockpuppet” – being revealed yesterday. The party's former leader, Lord Ashdown, issued a joke press release defending Mr Shapps as a “wonderful human being and literary great” who has “never done anything dodgy.” Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister, also mocked Mr Shapps today.
Wikipedia administrator Richard Symonds
The Wikipedia account in question – “Contribsx” – was yesterday banned by a site administrator known as “Chase me ladies, I'm the cavalry” who told The Guardian that the account was a “sockpuppet of Grant Shapps' previous accounts on Wikipedia ... and based on the evidence the account is either run by Shapps directly or being run by someone else – an assistant or a PR agency – but under their clear direction.”
The Contribsx account was used to make favourable alterations to posts about Mr Shapps and detrimental alterations to posts about their Tory colleagues.
• Grant Shapps embroiled in row over claims they edited Wikipedia pages of Tory rivals
However, the Telegraph has established that “Chase me ladies, I'm the cavalry” is in fact Mr Symonds, a leading activist in the Tower Hamlets Liberal Democrats. In their Twitter profile, Mr Symonds describes themselves as a “Liberal Democrat to the last.” They have written letters to newspapers, including The Telegraph, in their capacity as a Liberal Democrat activist.
A Lib Dem spokesperson denied any contact with Mr Symonds over the story.
Mr Symonds is a staff member at Wikimedia UK, the charity which promotes Wikipedia in the UK.  They are listed as one of about 50 “functionaries,” senior administrators described as having “privileged technical access” on the site.
However, they have today come under attack from other users of Wikipedia for acting without sufficient evidence. In a discussion about their actions on the site, they admitted: “You're right that it's impossible to definitively link a Wikipedia account to a person short of that user admitting it themselves. I can't, therefore, say whether this was Grant Shapps or not, but there is lots of evidence for people to look at…
Polls open in : : : Days Hrs Mins Secs
“I have already reported myself (and all of this) to the functionaries and they have chastised me (and continue to do so) and suggested that I would have done better by running this investigation past the functionaries list, rather than past the few administrators I did. They are right.”
In another discussion Mr Symonds admitted that they had briefed The Guardian, saying: “A Guardian journalist contacted me with concerns that Contribsx is a sockpuppet of Hackneymarsh [another user allegedly linked to Mr Shapps]….I started investigating (independently of the Guardian) whether Contribsx could indeed be a sockpuppet of Hackneymarsh, and the evidence is pretty conclusive.”
Wikipedia administrator Richard Symonds appears in a BBC video
Mr Symonds did not respond to emails seeking comment. Wikimedia UK said they were not at work today.
• Every party, every policy: a comprehensive guide to all the key pledges
A spokesperson for Wikimedia UK, Stevie Benton, said that to the best of their knowledge, Mr Symonds had not briefed the Liberal Democrats about their actions. “I would be incredibly surprised if they had done and would say it's out of character,” they said. “I've worked with Richard for three and a half years and their politics have never entered into anything in that time.”
They said that Wikimedia UK did not oversee content on Wikipedia itself and anything done by Mr Symonds would have been in their spare time. They admitted, however, that Mr Symonds had spoken to The Guardian.
They said that Mr Symonds had not been suspended but was off sick.
THURSDAY, Oct. 11 (HealthDay News) -- For Medicare participants, choosing the right prescription drug plan is confusing and often leads to seniors paying hundreds of dollars more a year than they need to, a new study finds.
In an analysis of 2009 data from more than 412,000 Medicare beneficiaries, average age 75, researchers found that only 5.2 percent of the seniors chose the least expensive Medicare prescription drug benefit (Part D) plan that satisfied their medical needs. They overspent on Part D premiums and prescription drugs by an average of $368 a year.
The older the beneficiaries, the more likely they were to choose more expensive plans; for example, those over 85 overspent by $30 more than people aged 65 to 69. White people also tended to choose more expensive plans than blacks, Hispanics and Native Americans, the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health researchers found.
Among those who were more likely to choose a less-expensive plan were seniors with common medical conditions, including diabetes and chronic heart failure. In addition, people with mental health disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease, spent an average of $10 less than those without such conditions, according to the report published in the October issue of the journal Health Affairs.
And having more options did not seem to help seniors choose the best plan for their needs. As the number of plans available in a region increased, the amount of overspending increased by $3.20 for each additional plan available, the study authors found.
"People need assistance in choosing the least expensive plan for their medical needs," lead author Chao Zhou, a post-doctoral associate at Pitt Public Health, said in a university news release. "Educational programs that help people navigate the dozens of plans available would make it easier to select plans that best meet their health care needs without overspending," Zhou added.
And study co-author Yuting Zhang, an associate professor of health economics at Pitt Public Health, suggested that the government could do more to help seniors. "In particular, government officials could recommend the three most appropriate Part D plans for each person, based on their medication history," Zhang said in the news release. "Alternatively, they could assign beneficiaries to the best plan for them based on their medication needs, while offering them the option to choose another plan instead."
More information
The U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has more about Medicare prescription drug coverage.
Upon completion in 1928, the Miami-Dade County Courthouse stood as the tallest structure in the state of Florida, and the tallest American building south of Baltimore. Standing at a height of 361 feet, the 28-storey Classic Revival style structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989. In this week's Throwback Thursday, we turn back the clock to June 1, 1927, when the structure's steel frame was in the process of topping off.
Dade County courthouse under construction, image by William A. Fishbaugh via Creative Commons
Since the early 1980s, restoration work has been ongoing for the building's interior spaces, infrastructure, and exterior details such as the terra cotta facade. A 2015-captured Google Street View image from a similar vantage point as the 1927 photo reveals that almost 90 years later, the building is still a busy construction site, with work platforms in place above the podium levels and construction fencing at the base of the building.
Miami-Dade County Courthouse, May 2015, image retrieved from Google Street View
Have an idea for a future Throwback Thursday? Let us know by leaving a comment in the field below!
This whole health-care thing isn't quite working out the way Republicans planned. My guess is that they'll soon try to change the subject - but I'm afraid they're already in too deep.
Wednesday's vote to repeal President Obama's health insurance reform law was supposed to be a crowning triumph. We heard confident GOP predictions that cowed Democrats would defect in droves, generating unstoppable momentum that forced the Senate to obey "the will of the people" and follow suit. The Democrats' biggest domestic accomplishment would be in ruins and Obama's political standing would be damaged, perhaps irreparably.
What actually happened, though, is that the Republican majority managed to win the votes of just three Democrats - all of them Blue Dogs who have been consistent opponents of the reform package anyway. In terms of actual defectors, meaning Democrats who changed sides on the issue, there were none. This is momentum?
The unimpressive vote came at a moment when "the will of the people" on health care is coming into sharper focus. Most polls that offer a simple binary choice - do you like the "Obamacare" law or not - show that the reforms remain narrowly unpopular. Yet a significant fraction of those who are unhappy complain not that the reform law went too far but that it didn't go far enough. I think of these people as the "public option" crowd.
A recent Associated Press poll found that 41 percent of those surveyed opposed the reform law and 40 percent supported it. But when asked what Congress should do, 43 percent said the law should be modified so that it does more to change the health-care system. Another 19 percent said it should be left as it is.
More troubling for the GOP, the AP poll found that just 26 percent of respondents wanted Congress to repeal the reform law completely. A recent Washington Post poll found support for outright repeal at 18 percent; a Marist poll pegged it at 30 percent.
In other words, what House Republicans just voted to do may be the will of the Tea Party, but it's not "the will of the people."
"The test of a first-rate intelligence," F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote, "is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function." By this standard, House Republicans are geniuses. To pass the "Repealing the Job-Killing Health Care Law Act," they had to believe that the work of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office is both authoritative and worthless.
The CBO, which "scores" the impact of proposed legislation, calculated that the health-reform law will reduce federal deficits by at least $143 billion through 2019. Confronted with the fact that repeal would deepen the nation's fiscal woes, Republicans simply claimed the CBO estimate to be rubbish. Who cares what the CBO says, anyway?
Er, um, Republicans care, at least when it's convenient. Delving into the CBO's analysis, they unearthed a finding that they proclaimed as definitive: The reform law would eliminate 650,000 jobs. Hence "Job-Killing" in the repeal bill's title.
One problem, though: The CBO analysis contains no such figure. It's an extrapolation of a rough estimate of an anticipated effect that no reasonable person would describe as "job-killing." What the budget office actually said is that there are people who would like to withdraw from the workforce - sometimes because of a chronic medical condition - but who feel compelled to continue working so they can keep their health insurance. Once the reforms take effect, these individuals will have new options. That's where the "lost" jobs supposedly come from.
The exercise in intellectual contortion that was necessary for the House to pass the repeal bill will be an excellent tune-up for what's supposed to come next. "Repeal and replace" was the promise - get rid of the Democrats' reform plan and design one of their own. This is going to be fun.
It turns out that voters look forward to the day when no one can be denied insurance coverage because of preexisting conditions. They like the fact that young adults, until they are 26, can be kept on their parents' policies. They like not having yearly or lifetime limits on benefits. The GOP is going to have to design something that looks a lot like Obamacare.
Meanwhile, Obama's approval ratings climb higher every week. Somebody changes the subject. Quick!
eugenerobinson@washpost.com
An Illinois man has been charged with felony computer hacking related to a phishing scheme that gave them illegal access to over 300 Apple iCloud and Gmail accounts, including those belonging to members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles.
Image: Getty
Edward Majerczyk, 28, was named in criminal information filed last week in United States District Court in Los Angeles. Majerczyk has signed a plea agreement in which they agree to plead guilty to a felony violation of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, specifically, one count of unauthorised access to a protected computer to obtain information.
Although Majerczyk has been charged in Los Angeles, the parties have agreed to transfer the case to the Northern District of Illinois for the entry of their guilty plea and sentencing. Once they enter the guilty plea, Majerczyk will face a statutory maximum sentence of five years in federal prison.
United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker said:
"Hacking of online accounts to steal personal information is not merely an intrusion of an individual's privacy but is a serious violation of federal law. Defendant's conduct was a profound intrusion into the privacy of their victims and created vulnerabilities at multiple online service providers."
Majerczyk's plea agreement was lodged today in United States District Court for the Central District of California and will be executed upon transfer of the case to the Northern District of Illinois. According to the factual basis in the plea agreement, from November 23, 2013 through August 2014, Majerczyk engaged in a phishing scheme to obtain usernames and passwords for their victims.
They sent e-mails to victims that appeared to be from security accounts of internet service providers that directed the victims to a website that would collect the victims' usernames and passwords. After victims responded by entering information at that website, Majerczyk had access to victims' usernames and passwords.
After illegally accessing the iCloud and Gmail accounts, Majerczyk obtained personal information including sensitive and private photographs and videos, according to their plea agreement.
Deirdre Fike, the Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office said:
"This defendant not only hacked into e-mail accounts — they hacked into their victims' private lives, causing embarrassment and lasting harm. As most of us use devices containing private information, cases like this remind us to protect our data. Members of society whose information is in demand can be even more vulnerable, and directly targeted."
The charge against Majerczyk stems from the investigation into the leaks of photographs of numerous female celebrities in September 2014, popularly referred to as "The Fappening" on Reddit and other social media sites. However, investigators have not uncovered any evidence linking Majerczyk to the actual leaks. Many of Majerczyk's victims were members of the entertainment industry in Los Angeles.
By illegally accessing the e-mail accounts, Majerczyk accessed at least 300 accounts, and at least 30 accounts belonging to celebrities.
Ori is a distributed file system built for offline operation and empowers the user with control over synchronization operations and conflict resolution. We provide history through light weight snapshots and allow users to verify the history has not been tampered with. Through the use of replication instances can be resilient and recover damaged data from other nodes.
Peer-to-Peer Ori operates peer-to-peer among your devices and uses existing secure communication channels such as SSH to transfer your data.
Work Offline In today's world we often are moving around with intermittent network connectivity and we want to access our data when we board a plane or travel to the office.
Secure Ori can verify the authenticity of your data and ensure it has not been tampered with. Data is transfered over SSH. Device discovery and automatic synchronization uses a shared secret to initiate transfers.
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
The choice is not between violence and nonviolence but between nonviolence and nonexistence.
— Martin Luther King Jr.
We are steeped in violence.
This past week was of course a searing reminder: Monday's bombing at the Boston Marathon and the ensuing manhunt that ended on Friday with the death of one suspect and the capture of another, their brother, dominated the news. But there were other troubling, if less traumatic reminders, too. On Tuesday, a 577-page report by the Constitution Project concluded that the United States had engaged in torture after the Sept. 11 attacks. On Wednesday, a turning point in the heated national debate on gun control was reached when the United States Senate dropped consideration of some minimal restrictions on the sale and distribution of guns. Looming above all this is the painful memory of the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Photo
Now is as good a time as any to reflect on our responses to the many recent horrors that seem to have engulfed us, and to consider whether we can hope to move from an ethos of violence to one nonviolence. Facing ourselves squarely at this difficult moment might provide a better lesson for the future than allowing ourselves to once again give in to blind fury.
We might begin by asking the question, Who are we now?
Clearly, we are a violent country. Our murder rate is three to five times that of most other industrialized countries. The massacres that regularly take place here are predictable in their occurrence, if not in their time and place. Moreover, and more telling, our response to violence is typically more violence. We display our might — or what is left of it — abroad in order to address perceived injustices or a threat to our interests. We still have not rid ourselves of the death penalty, a fact that fills those in other countries with disbelief. Many of us, in response to the mindless gun violence around us, prescribe more guns as the solution, as the Republicans sought to do during the gun debate. And we torture people. It is as though, in thinking that the world responds only to violence, we reveal ourselves rather than the world.
Why is this? How has the United States become so saturated in slaughter?
There are, of course, many reasons, but three stand out, one of which is deep and longstanding and the others of more recent vintage. The deep reason lies in our competitive individualism. Americans are proud of our individualism, and indeed it is not entirely a curse. To believe that one has a responsibility to create oneself rather than relying on others for sustenance has its virtues. No doubt many of the advances — scientific, technological and artistic — that have emerged from the United States have their roots in the striving of individuals whose belief in themselves bolstered their commitment to their work. However, the dark side of this individualism is a wariness of others and a rejection of the social solidarity characteristic of countries like Denmark, Sweden, New Zealand and, at least to some extent, France. We make it, if we do make it, but we do so alone. Our neighboring citizens are not so much our fellows as our competitors.
The second reason is the decline of our ability to control events in the world. We might date this decline from our military failure in Vietnam, or, if we prefer, more recently to the debacle in Iraq. In any event, it is clear that the United State cannot impose its will as it did during much of the 20th century. We live in a different world now, and this makes many of us insecure. We long for a world more cooperative with our wishes than the one we now live in. Our insecurity, in turn, reinforces our desire to control, which reinforces violence. If we cannot control events in the world, this must be a result not of our impotence or the complexity of the world's problems but of our unwillingness to “man up.” And so we tell ourselves fairy tales about what would have happened if we had committed to victory in Vietnam or bombed one or another country back to the Stone Age.
The third reason is economic. The welfare state has been in decline for more than 30 years now. The embrace of classical liberalism or neoliberalism erodes social solidarity. Each of us is an investor, seeking the best return on our money, our energies, our relationships, indeed our lives. We no longer count on government, which is often perceived as the enemy. And we no longer have obligations to those with whom we share the country, or the planet. It is up to each of us to take our freedom and use it wisely. Those who do not are not unlucky or impoverished. They are simply imprudent.
Competitive individualism, insecurity, neoliberalism: the triad undergirding our penchant for violence. This, as much as anything else, is the current exceptionalism of America. Others are not our partners, nor even our colleagues. They are our competitors or our enemies. They are hardly to be recognized, much less embraced. They are to be vanquished.
What would the alternative, nonviolence, look like? And what does it require of us?
We must understand first that nonviolence is not passivity. It is instead creative activity. That activity takes place within particular limits. To put the point a bit simply, those limits are the recognition of others as fellow human beings, even when they are our adversaries. That recognition does not require that we acquiesce to the demands of others when we disagree. Rather, it requires that our action, even when it coerces the other (as boycotts, strikes, sit-ins and human blockades often do), does not aim to destroy that other in their or their humanity. It requires that we recognize others as fellow human beings, even when they are on the other side of the barricades.
Photo
This recognition limits what we can do, but at the same time it forces us to be inventive. No longer is it a matter of bringing superior firepower to bear. Now we must think more rigorously about how to respond, how to make our voices heard and our aims prevail. In a way it is like writing a Shakespearean sonnet, where the 14-line structure and iambic pentameter require thoughtful and creative work rather than immediate and overwhelming response.
To recognize someone's humanity is, in perhaps the most important way, to recognize them or them as an equal. Each of us, nonviolence teaches, carries our humanity within us. That humanity cannot always be appealed to. In some cases, as with the tragedy at Sandy Hook, it can even become nearly irrelevant. However, in all but the most extreme cases nonviolence summons us to recognize that humanity even when it cannot serve as the basis for negotiation or resolution. It demands that we who act do so with a firm gaze upon the face of the other. It demands the acknowledgment that we are all fragile beings, nexuses of hope and fear, children of some mother and perhaps parents to others: that is, no more and no less than fellow human beings in a world fraught with imponderables.
Can we do this? Are we capable at this moment of taking on the mantle of nonviolence?
The lessons are already there in our history. The civil rights movement is perhaps the most shining example of nonviolence in our human legacy. After 9/11, after Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Sandy, and now, in the immediate on-the-ground responses to the Boston bombing, Americans pulled together with those they did not know in order to restore the web of our common existence. We are indeed violent, but we have shown flashes of nonviolence, that is to say moments where our competitive individualism, our insecurity, our desire for the highest return on our investment of time and money, has been trumped by the vividness of the likeness of others. Granted, these are only moments. They have not lasted. But they teach us that when it comes to nonviolent relations with others, we are not entirely bereft.
What would it require for these lessons to be become sedimented in our collective soul? There is much work to be done. We must begin to see our fellow human beings as precisely that: fellows. They need not be friends, but they must be counted as worthy of our respect, bearers of dignity in their own right. Those who struggle must no longer be seen as failures, but more often as unlucky, and perhaps worthy of our extending a hand. Those who come to our shores, whatever our policy toward them, must be seen as human beings seeking to stitch together a decent life rather than as mere parasites upon our riches. Those who are unhealthy must be seen as more than drains upon our taxes but instead as peers that, but for good fortune, might have been us.
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series.
None of this requires that we allow others to abdicate responsibility for their lives. Nor does it require that we refuse, when no other means are available, to defend ourselves with force. Instead it calls upon us to recognize that we, too, have a responsibility to more than our own security and contentment. It commands us to look to ourselves and at others before we start casting stones.
Would this end all senseless killing? No, it would not. Would it substitute for the limits on guns that are so urgently needed? Of course not. While the recently rejected limits on guns, however timid, might have provided a first public step toward the recognition of the requirements of our situation, our task would remain: to create a culture where violence is seen not as the first option but as the last, one that would allow us to gaze upon the breadth of space that lies between an unjust act and a violent response.
The philosopher Immanuel Kant said that the core of morality lay in treating others not simply as means but also as ends in themselves. Nonviolence teaches us nothing more than this. It is a simple lesson, if difficult to practice — especially so at a moment like this when our rage and grief are still raw. But it is a lesson that has become buried under our ideology and our circumstances. We need to learn it anew.
Learning this lesson will not bring back the life of the Martin Richard, Krystle Campbell or the other murdered victims in Boston. It will not return to health those who were injured on that day. It won't bring back Trayvon Martin or the children of Sandy Hook. But it will, perhaps, point the way toward a future where, instead of recalling yet more victims of violence in anger and with vows of retribution, we find ourselves with fewer victims to recall.
Todd May is Class of 1941 Memorial Professor of the Humanities at Clemson University, and the author of, most recently, “Friendship in the Age of Economics.”  They are currently working on a book on the philosophy of nonviolence.
A lot has happened to the global oil industry in recent months. First it is important to understand that the concept of “peak oil,” the time when global oil production starts to decline, is alive and well despite the current, and very temporary oil glut. Conventional oil, the kind that comes shooting out of wells at thousands of barrels per day, stopped growing about ten years back. However, non-conventional oil (fracked shale, tar sands, deep water) is increasing. These very expensive “oils” gave many the illusion that all was well despite the steep climb in oil prices, which had to be on the order of $100 a barrel or more before they made economic sense to produce.
The technology of horizontal oil drilling and fracking, which had been known for many years, only played a part in the shale oil “miracle.” It took lots of money to get shale oil out of the ground and a selling price of less than $70 or $80 a barrel was not enough to make it happen. Only China's rapid economic growth and ability to pay high prices forced them to unprecedented levels. Moreover, the Federal Reserve and its very low interest rates made the shale oil revolution possible by permitting the drilling of unprofitable shale oil wells using cheap money. Note that most of the shale oil under is under North Dakota and south Texas, where the local landowners and governments don't mind letting drillers tear up the roads and countryside for lucrative fees and taxes.
Last summer, however, the bonanza came to an end: too much shale oil was being produced; the Chinese and other Asian economies slowed their demand; Europe ground to a halt; a glut developed and high oil prices were over — at least for a while. Starting in June of last year and continuing into January, oil prices fell steeply until oil was going for some $40 or $50 a barrel and less in North Dakota where getting oil to markets is difficult. Now these prices were OK for those selling oil from oil wells that only cost $10 or $20 to extract, but for the shale oil, tar sands, and even new deep water drilling projects, prices around $50 or $60 a barrel are a disaster. It takes oil well over $100 a barrel to justify new drilling for unconventional oil.
Currently the world is waiting to see if prices fall back to $40 or $50 as the supply continues to outpace demand and nobody seems willing to cut production. The massive losses most shale oil and other non-conventional producers are facing have resulted in a major cutback in the drilling of new wells and other energy production facilities. Within six months to a year these cutbacks in investment in new production will clearly result in a decline in global production of oil, which may not be possible to recover from. We just may be seeing the arrival of peak oil – conventional and unconventional – sooner than most believe.
Tom Whipple is a retired government analyst and has been following the peak oil issue for several years.
Share this: Print
Email
Tweet
Comments
comments
Wanna know what's even scarier than a good Halloween costume? Maybe you've never thought of getting a Halloween tattoo, but if you really identify with the culture of the gruesome, here you have it, boys and ghouls, zombies and monsters tattoos:
No costume can beat having this kind of stuff on your skin, although taking a possibly life-lasting decision might be a bit too much for just looking cool at parties.
Maybe since pop icons such as Lady Gaga have started exploring ‘weirdness for the sake of being weird' as a major factor in gaining their audience, nothing is truly shocking nowadays. But then again, if so many people are passionate about kittens, why would it be weird that others are really into zombies? ‘Gooble Gobble' is what I say!
Photos from nurgalerien.com.
Attendees listen to the U.S. National Anthem at the start of a campaign event for Donald Trump, president and chief executive of Trump Organization Inc. and 2016 Republican presidential candidate, not pictured, in Bloomington, Illinois, U.S., on Sunday, March 13, 2016. After violent protests prompted Donald Trump to cancel a rally in Chicago on Friday night, the Republican presidential front-runner blamed the activist group MoveOn.Org and supporters of Senator Bernie Sanders for the chaos, while defending their own harassed supporters. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Bernie Sanders supporters line up in California. Reuters/Mike Blake
Young Americans don't care much for political parties. According to the Pew Research Center, 48 percent of millennials (ages 18-33) identify as independents. That's almost as many as identify as Democrats (28 percent) and Republicans (18 percent) put together.
Political scientists are often skeptical about the independent option in surveys. Most individuals who choose to call themselves "independents" still vote consistently with one party or the other. They are partisans except in name.
Even if that's true, the lack of loyalty or concern for parties still has consequences. For instance, presidential primary campaigns were established to allow a party's members to choose its candidate. But the research team at Tufts University's Tisch College, where I study civic engagement, estimates that young Americans (18-30) have so far cast more votes for Senator Bernie Sanders than for Secretary Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump combined.
Sanders is a party outsider. They ran all their previous campaigns as a socialist, defeating Democrats on the way to statewide office. Their career outside the Democratic Party doesn't faze young Democratic primary voters -- and I suspect it even increases their appeal with youth.
Does the fact that young people ignore or dislike parties tell us something about youth and their culture, or is this more about the parties and how they have changed?
Rejecting the hierarchy
Today's young voters have grown up in an age of social media. Millennials both expect and prefer loose networks that allow individuals to personalize their views and form and shift relationships freely. That's bad news for political parties -- hierarchical organizations with officers, rules, official platforms and membership criteria.
Religion offers a parallel case. The pollster Anna Greenberg finds that young Americans are still spiritual -- indeed, they continue to believe in many traditional tenets of religion -- but they are not drawn to traditional religious institutions. They argue that young people expect to be able to choose exactly the religious content they prefer and to express their individual preferences in much the same way as they choose music and consumer goods.
It is hard for a political party to offer such personalization, because it must promote a platform. In contrast, loosely organized social movements like Black Lives Matter or Spain's Los Indignados (anti-austerity protesters) allow participants to express their personal views and to connect to the peers they most like within the movement.
I acknowledge that this cultural shift is part of the story, but I don't think it alone explains the decline of parties. For one thing, social media is just as important in Europe as it is in North America, but according to the European Social Survey (ESS), young Europeans' trust in parties has risen and surpasses that of older Europeans.
Los Indignados began as a decentralized online social movement but has morphed into a political party, Podemos, that holds the third-largest number of seats in the Spanish parliament. I wouldn't say that European youth love parties, but they support the parties that reflect their views.
Parties are changing, too
The theory that young Americans are deserting parties because of shifts in culture and values overlooks the fact that American political parties are changing, and mostly for the worse.
Parties used to raise a lot of money and spend it to employ grassroots workers, recruit volunteers, choose and constrain candidates, generate consistent messages, drive policy agendas, and control patronage jobs. That system involved corruption, which was a good reason to reform it. But after the campaign finance reforms of the 1970s had restricted the parties' ability to raise and spend money, the Supreme Court allowed candidates and outside entities to spend as much as they want.
As a result, the parties now do very little. They are best described as brand names for loosely connected networks of entrepreneurial candidates, donors, and advocacy organizations. Ironically, they have become more like social networks, albeit lubricated by money. The Koch brothers' political network, for instance, employs 3.5 times as many people as the Republican National Committee does.
This means that parties don't hire, contact, or educate many young people or offer them paths to leadership. Candidates and campaigns affiliated with parties may do those things, but young people still lack any contact with the party itself.
In 2004, political scientist Dan Shea surveyed local party leaders. "Only a handful" ran any "programs that require[d] a significant amount of time or resources." They also asked county leaders an open-ended question: "Are there demographic groups of voters that are currently important to the long term success of your local party?" Just eight percent named young voters.
Parties were already weak then. Youth turnout reached its nadir in 1996-2000. Since then, candidates like Obama in 2008 and Sanders in 2016 have engaged a lot of young people. Youth turnout rose, as did the proportion of young Americans who said they had been contacted by candidates. But the parties weren't doing this outreach. According to the General Social Survey, fewer than one in 10 young adults actively participated in a party in 2004, and that proportion fell to one in 40 by 2014.
We can debate whether it would be desirable, constitutional or even possible to restore the parties' importance, but as long as they don't do much for young people, young people will naturally learn to ignore them.
Peter Levine, Associate Dean for Research and Lincoln Filene Professor of Citizenship & Public Affairs, Tufts University
Today's Top Money Stories • Millions of taxpayers fail to claim easy phone-tax refund, IRS says - • As values rise, high-tech entrepreneurs grapple with build-or-sell dilemma - • Girl Scouts cut most trans fats from all cookies - • Is your fur fake, or is it Fido? - • Rats gone wild! Video shows rats running through NYC restaurant - • Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds
Eliot Spitzer, now the top contender to be the next New York City Comptroller, has said they want to use the office to pursue financial reform. They have a ready, obvious, and comparatively easy target: the private equity industry.
There is clear evidence that private equity (PE) firms have been scamming their investors for decades. Most of these investors are public pension funds, like the funds invested by New York City on behalf of its employees. These PE investors have been largely clueless as to how their money is being stolen. When they have sensed that something is wrong, they've taken a collegial approach, relying on exhortation and negotiation. Not surprisingly, the “let's handle this among friends” strategy has not been effective.
Despite being stymied and despite ample evidence of large scale abuses, public pension PE investors have been reluctant to use their bully pulpits, band together effectively, or take PE firms to court. This broken status quo is a great opportunity for what Spitzer does best, which is to use both the law and the media to tackle powerful, predatory interests. This is one big reason why their candidacy has evoked horror and aggressive attacks from the financial elite.
Let's start by examining the relationship between private equity firms and the New York City Comptroller.
The New York City employee pension system is one of the largest private equity investors in the U.S., with $8.3 billion invested in this strategy. Though a board of trustees is technically the fiduciary for each of the City pension funds, and the Comptroller has only one seat on each of those boards, in reality, the City Comptroller is, to an extreme degree, first among equals on all of the boards. The reason for their disproportionate influence is that all of the City pension funds are managed day-to-day by a combined staff, and those staff members are all employees of the New York City Comptroller, making them effectively their boss.
Moreover, the super-secret contracts that the NYC pension funds enter into with PE firms are held at the Comptroller's office, as are the super-secret cash flows showing what the pension funds contributed to the funds and what they got paid out in return. It's impossible to overstate the importance of the Comptroller's access to PE fund contracts (known as limited partnership agreements or LPAs) and cash flows. PE firms accomplish much of their investor scamming via fees that are contrary to LPA terms and that they take from portfolio companies owned by the funds they manage. The PE firms also scam by charging the funds they manage for expenses that the LPA says should be paid by the PE firm itself.
I've seen a tiny bit of this first hand through my work as a hired gun to PE firms. One of the things that PE firms do is manage portfolio companies. While a small subset of PE firm do have their staff roll up their sleeves and play a meaningful operating role, for the overwhelming majority, their oversight consists largely of financial engineering, possibly changing some of the executives of the portfolio business, and pushing like crazy for cost cutting.
The PE firm babysitting typically includes periodic meetings with the top employees of the portfolio company, in which the PE staffers harass the portfolio company management over their progress towards targets the PE firm has set. I've seen the actual and projected monthly financial statements used as part of this exercise. They clearly included as a separate line item a management fee paid to the PE firm. This was over and above the “management fee” paid by investors.* Yet most investors would assume that fund-wide management fee would cover the supervision of the portfolio companies. My understanding is that this second level of fee skimming is not disclosed to the investors in the PE fund.
And this isn't the only type of double-dipping that has taken place. In the 1990s, following the practice of then industry leader KKR, it was common for large PE funds to charge “transaction fees” for buying and selling companies, again over and above their management fees, even though they often hired an investment bank, which charged its own fees, to do the work. This was such an egregious abuse that even the normally complacent investors eventually roused themselves to push back.**
The sad truth is nobody who invests in PE looks closely at whether PE firms are complying with the fee and expense provisions of their agreements. Part of the reason is that the PE firm lawyers draft the terms in these LPAs to be almost incomprehensible. Another reason is, astonishingly, that PE investors have accepted the argument of PE firms that these contract provisions are a form of “trade secret.” Public pension fund investors have almost universally acceded to the demands of PE firms to exempt the LPAs and cash flow reports from state FOIA laws, which keeps the eyes of the press and the public off the documents.
This information lockdown prevents a worst-case scenario for scamming PE firms, that a mid-level accounting employee at a portfolio company would use public documents to compare the payments made to fund investors with what was taken from the portfolio company where the accountant works. State qui tam laws, which are designed to prevent precisely this type of abuse by awarding a portion of the government's recovery to people who uncover fraud, would provide a powerful incentive for employees at portfolio companies to rat out their PE overlords. But that's not going to happen as long as public pension fund PE investors keep the contracts and cash flows behind the FOIA wall. However, the New York City Comptroller has access to this critical information. Hence the freakout at the prospect that Spitzer might get the job.
How do we know that private equity firms are stealing from their investors? It turns out that the SEC has been surprisingly vocal, though unspecific, in recent public statements about the fraud it is finding in private equity. Historically, the SEC had basically no nexus with the private equity industry, as virtually no PE firms in the past were “registered investment advisers”. That meant that PE firms were not subject to SEC supervision or the regular compliance audits that all registered investment advisers undergo. However, Dodd Frank changed the law that allowed PE firms to avoid registration. Virtually all institutional PE firms were required to become registered investment advisers by early 2012, making them subject to regular SEC audits (known as examinations).
Within months of the SEC corralling the private equity industry into its registered investment adviser program and initiating examinations, SEC Commissioner Elisse Walter spoke on a conference panel about early findings of these examinations. For instance, the law firm Ropes & Gray dutifully reported the SEC's emerging awareness of PE fraud to its clients:
…SEC Commissioner Elisse Walter indicated that the SEC, in proceeding with its “presence examinations” of newly registered private fund advisers, has already noted many instances of poor controls, often regarding fees and expenses. Commissioner Walter elaborated that the staff has noted instances where advisers miscalculate fees, improperly collect fees and inappropriately use fund assets to cover their own expenses. Commissioner Walter noted that SEC staff will continue to examine and question advisers income and fees.
Note that, according to Ropes & Gray, Commissioner Walter described these impermissible fee practices by PE firms as “poor controls,” rather than fraud or theft. It will be key for the next NYC Comptroller – as well as the interested public – to hold the SEC's feet to the fire, so that the Commission doesn't give PE firms a pass based on a “we didn't mean to steal” defense.
Shortly after the Walter panel discussion, Bruce Karpati Chief, SEC Enforcement Division's Asset Management Unit, gave a speech where they further outlined findings of the new SEC examinations of private equity. Like Walter, they noted finding instances of illegal shifting of fees to investor funds and the charging of dubious fees to portfolio companies.
These petty frauds by PE firms should be low-hanging fruit for Spitzer. The critical questions they need to ask all of the PE firms doing business with the city's pension funds are:
1. What is everything of value you receive, either directly or indirectly, from the portfolio companies owned by the funds you manage? 2. What are all the charges you have imposed on the funds in which New York City pension funds are an investor?
Once they have the answer to these questions, Spitzer should compare the fees with the language of fund LPAs and figure out which ones are impermissible. PE firms will stonewall on the first question, claiming that they already disclose to investors all the fees that they are required to share with investors. Don't get caught in this logical trap. It's the fees that the PE firms don't share with investors that they don't disclose. If the PE firms drag their feet, Spitzer should not hesitate to wield the Comptroller's subpoena powers.
__________
* Almost all funds provide for the right of the general partner to receive a management fee. While the media commonly describes the fees as “two and twenty” meaning a 2% annual fee and 20% of the profits (as defined), the 2% is the “rack rate” for management fees, meaning it's the starting point for negotiations. Funds of less than around $500 million, particularly venture capital, can negotiate for and may obtain a higher fee.
Funds larger than $2 billion face enormous investor pressure to charge less than 2%. SEC filings for some of the biggest public funds indicate management fee levels in the neighborhood of 1.25%. Typically, the general partner does not get that level of management fees for the full life of the fund. Instead, the GP gets that rate for the duration of a fund's “investment period”, the time during which the fund is expected to acquire a portfolio of investments.
Once the investment period ends, the management fee steps down. Using a 2006 KKR fund as an example, that rate through the tenth anniversary of the fund's life is 0.75%. Unlike during the investment period, that percentage is applied only to the capital still invested in the fund, as opposed to the original fund size.
** We may return to this bit of history in later posts, since it's revealing and the remedy was not straightforward. Suffice it to say that the resulting contractual provisions were drafted by attorneys for the private equity firms, and are sufficiently vague that skeptical insiders are not convinced they are as effective as most fund investors would like to believe.
Cedar Park jogger attacked, sexually assaulted Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Police searching for a man who sexually assaulted a woman in the 100 block of South Gadwall in Cedar Park on Thursday, Jan. 14, 2016. (KXAN Photo/Chris Sadeghi) Cedar Park on edge after jogger assaulted Police searching for a man who sexually assaulted a woman in the 100 block of South Gadwall in Cedar Park on Thursday, Jan. 14, 2016. (KXAN Photo/Chris Sadeghi) prev next
CEDAR PARK, Texas (KXAN) -- Police in Cedar Park need help finding a man who attacked a woman while they were jogging in the Silver Oak neighborhood on Thursday morning.
Police say the attack happened around 6 a.m. in the 100 block of South Gadwall, which is less than a block away from Reagan Elementary School. Initial information indicates the woman was running through the neighborhood when someone grabbed them from behind, forced them to the ground and sexually assaulted them
"I know it can happen anywhere, but I always thought it was real safe out here," said Debbie Hutchins, who's lived in the neighborhood for 12 years. "I've never had any problems."
The victim says the man who attacked them has a stocky build and is approximately 5'10"-5'11". They were last seen wearing a t-shirt and shorts.
Lisa Effren, another neighbor, says news of the attack spread quickly on the block.
"Facebook messaging, all the runners were letting other runners and mothers know, to be safe, keep an extra eye, take precautions," said Effren.
On Thursday night, Effren and their running partner were canvassing the neighborhood, trying to find vulnerable spots someone could hide in.
"Try to plan a little strategically if there's any dusk or dark running," said Effren. She's also considering self-defense classes.
If you have information about the identity of this man or have seen any suspicious type of behavior in this area, please call the Cedar Park Police Department at (512) 260-4762 or send tips anonymously using the tip411 feature on our Facebook page or by downloading the CPPD Tips app to your phone.
The attack occurred just a short distance from the Cedar Park Rogue Running store and on a street where the team regularly runs.
"Our team Rogue group was out on the course where this happened," said Jennifer Harney with Rogue Running. "They stopped all our runners to tell them what to look for."
Reagan Elementary and Vista Ridge High School are also a short distance away. Leander Independent School District said a press release with the man's description was sent to parents on Thursday.
Rogue Running and CPPD are taking the opportunity to remind joggers to take their headphones out and run with a partner or group if possible. The following safety tips were sent to Rogue Running team members:
Always tell someone where you are going, your route, and when they should expect you to return. Be aware of your surroundings and avoid secluded areas when running alone. Run with a headlamp/lights in the dark. This is not only to see but also to draw attention to yourself. Run with running pepper spray which you can purchase online or at Academy. Run with your phone but do NOT run with headphones. If you are listening to music you can't hear cars or people. Never be afraid to scream if you feel threatened. Go for a person's eyes if attacked. Never run the same route over and over again…day after day. Switch up your routine. If someone pulls up beside you in a car asking a question. Keep your distance. Never move in or bend over near their window. You leave yourself vulnerable and easy to grab. Run in a group or with a friend if you can
Last fall, Cedar Park police arrested Clarence Richardson, 27, in connection to a sexual assault on Buttercup Creek Bouelvard. In the October case, police say Richardson entered the home by climbing in through a bedroom window on the second story while the victim was showering, according to an arrest affidavit. Richardson proceeded to lock the door to the bedroom turn off the lights and attack the homeowner in the shower.
Richardson was identified by police after recovering their fingerprints from the crime scene and matching them to a previous break-in they were involved in.
Michael Lowry filed a complaint in February against Word of Faith Fellowship Church, a nondenominational Christian congregation in Spindale that has made national headlines with some of its practices. In a statement given to a sheriff's department investigator last week, Lowry said they were kept in a church building from Aug. 1 to Nov. 19, 2011. They said they were knocked unconscious during their first day of confinement. Lowry's former pastor, Jane Whaley, said Sunday that all of their allegations are “lies.” Whaley said Lowry was not held or beaten. They said the church only learned that they were gay when their family did – after watching a news report by an Asheville television station Thursday. Lowry said they first told their family and church leaders of their sexual orientation when they were 15 or 16. That set off years of harassment and abuse, they said, as church members tried to expel the demon that they believed caused theirs homosexuality.
Share 0 SHARES
THE Government has been unequivocal in their response to criticism of their handling of recent flooding, with ministers revealing culchies can't just have everything they bloody well want.
With extensive flooding in Kilkenny, Cork, Wexford and other places that aren't Dublin, the Government confirmed that an ultimatum has been delivered to the Nation's culchies.
“It's fairly straightforward really, it's either we stop the flooding, but you get no broadband, or keep the flooding, but on the plus side ye lot have some broadband,” Taoiseach Enda Kenny revealed while visiting the scene of a puddle outside Leinster House this morning.
In a separate interview Minister for Environment Alan Kelly laid out the reality of the situation.
“There's no money in the culchie budget, which is distinct from the Dublin budget, so really just ask yourselves, do ya want broadband or not? Cus access to funny online videos doesn't fall out of the sky ya know,” the Minister explained.
The choice between putting money towards a cohesive flooding strategy that comes into effect not just after the event may be tempting for flood hit areas, however choosing such an option at the expense of quick and easy access to the internet and online pornography has divided the rural community.
“Jesus, I don't know now. I mean I have the broadband, and it's shite altogether, but every so often I can get a glimpse of something… and the thought of giving that up, I think I'd rather convert the downstairs into an indoor swimming pool,” shared flood victim and broadband lover Fergus Varley.
The Government has asked that culchies vote on the matter sometime later this week.
Some of us may turn up at the polling station today and decide that actually, we don't want to choose a political party.
However, you still want your vote to count, so what can you do?
Well, you could draw a massive penis on the paper instead – as some people will undoubtedly do this polling day.
That's because spoiling the ballot is a tradition that has been around for years.
Wildfires destroy part of Winnie the Pooh's 'Hundred Acre Wood' as UK temperatures rise
Deliberately filling in the ballot incorrectly will render it invalid, but the paper will still be counted along with the other votes.
The number of spoiled ballots is announced in the election results, and are a way of showing up to vote – but making your feelings known in a different way.
Here are some of the inventive ways people have spoiled their ballots in the past.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Get artistic.
remember the only true anti establishment vote is a spoilt ballot pic.twitter.com/xFCyihf8p5 — COMMIE hanra (@hahahanra) June 7, 2017
Make your feelings clear.
Use colourful language to get your point across.
Did my postal vote ages ago pic.twitter.com/xeJJp835wO — 🔫 (@VOTEfascistCOW) June 8, 2017
Make up your own ballot paper (a vote for ‘Duck' probably won't be counted, unfortunately)
#GE2015 Spoilt ballot paper at the Merton count, who would you vote for? #SWLGE2015 pic.twitter.com/S4flORz6Eb — Zainab Al-Deen (@zainab_aldeen) May 7, 2015
Set the dog on it.
Does this constitute a spoilt ballot paper? Our dog must be an anarchist #election 2015 pic.twitter.com/CzikhQXDKj — John McGoldrick (@johntmcgoldrick) April 8, 2015
Let people know you're on the fence.
Use the opportunity to have your voice heard on a different topic.
A spoilt ballot with a stark message in Tilgate & Furnace Green #wsccelections pic.twitter.com/ormwwDVVHw — Crawley Observer (@Crawley_Obby) May 3, 2013
Write an essay explaining your decision.
Let them know you're over this voting sh*t.
MORE: Are dogs allowed in polling stations?
MORE: When will the General Election results be announced?
Behavioural two-choice assays
Experiments were performed at Trinity College, Dublin with Bombus terrestris dalmatinus (Unichem Ltd, Co. Dublin, Irish distributor for Koppert). Colonies were maintained at 25–30 °C in 24 h darkness and fed commercial pollen and Biogluc (Agralan Ltd, Swindon) bee food ad libitum. Experiments were also performed at Newcastle University, Newcastle upon Tyne with Bombus terrestris audax (Biobest, Belgium) and Bombus terrestris terrestris (Koppert Biological Systems, NATURPOL, Netherlands). Bees from 3–5 different colonies were used for each neonicotinoid. Individual worker bumblebees were collected as they tried to exit the colony. For the experiments with newly emerged bumblebees, colonies were monitored for newly emerged bees daily; newly emerged adults were identified by their pale colour. These bees were extracted using forceps from within the colony. As previously described in Tiedeken et al. (2014)16, individual bumblebees were cold anaesthetized, weighed and sex-determined, and transferred to individual 650 ml plastic containers (160 × 110 × 45 mm). Containers were fitted with three 3 ml feeding tubes, inserted horizontally. Feeding tubes had four 2 mm holes so bees could alight on the tubes and feed from the openings. The feeding tubes contained one of three solutions: (1) deionized water; (1) 0.5 M sucrose; or (3) 0.5 M sucrose with a specific concentration of a neonicotinoid compound. Whether or not the bee was alive was noted 24 h after the start of the experiment. Bees that did not drink from either tube were excluded from the final analysis; the total number of these subjects was never greater than 3 per treatment (note: these subjects were always dead and likely to have died from stress or other causes).
Experiments with honeybees (Apis mellifera var. Buckfast) were performed at Newcastle University during the summer months using 2 free-flying outdoor colonies originally obtained from the UK's National Bee Unit (Sand Hutton, Yorkshire). Foraging adult worker honeybees were collected at the colony entrance as they returned from foraging; newly emerged adult workers were collected from brood comb as they emerged in a purpose-built box kept in an incubator at 34 °C. Bees were cold anaesthetized before placing in rearing boxes. Cohorts of 25 bees were placed in rearing boxes as previously described in Paoli et al. (2014)31. Five food tubes (as described above) were provided: (1) one with deionized water; (2) two with 1 M sucrose; (3) two with 1 M sucrose containing a specific concentration of a neonicotinoid. The number of bees alive in each cohort was counted at the time of measurement of the food consumption (24 h later).
All of the two-choice experiments were performed experimenter-blind (except IMD with bumblebees). Three neonicotinoid pesticides, imidacloprid (IMD), thiamethoxam (TMX) and clothianidin (CLO), were used in the experiments (Pestanal, Sigma-Aldrich). The neonicotinoid concentrations used were 1 nM, 10 nM, 100 nM, 1 μM (see Extended Data Table 4 for conversions to ppb and ng per bee). Bees were kept in continuous darkness for 24 h at constant temperature and 60% RH (bumblebees: 28 °C; honeybees: 34 °C). Control boxes identical to the experimental boxes (without bees) for each neonicotinoid treatment were placed in the incubator simultaneously with the experiments to measure the rate of evaporation from the food solutions. Feeding tubes were weighed, placed in the experimental boxes with the bees for 24 h, and then removed and weighed a second time. The position of the treatment tubes was randomized across subjects. The amount of solution consumed was determined as the difference in the weight of each tube after 24 h; the average value for the evaporation control for each treatment was subtracted from this final value for each tube. For bumblebees, sample sizes were: IMD: 1 nM = 57, 10 nM = 66, 100 nM = 65, 1 μM = 66; TMX: 1 nM = 38, 10 nM = 39, 100 nM = 36, 1 μM = 40; CLO: 1 nM = 57, 10 nM = 59, 100 nM = 48, 1 μM = 62. For honeybees, n = 40 cohorts of 25 bees per treatment. Sample size was chosen as n ≥ 40 based on previous work16; sample size varied because some individuals died from unknown causes at the start of the experiments. No statistical methods were used to predetermine sample size.
Honeybee antennal and mouthparts assays
Honeybees were collected at the entrance of an outdoor colony as they returned from foraging, cold-anaesthetized, and harnessed as described in Bitterman et al. (1983)32. Each was fed 1 M sucrose to satiety and left overnight in a humidified plastic box and assayed ∼ 18 h later. Briefly, two assays were employed: one in which individual honeybees were lightly tapped on the antenna with a stimulating solution (for example, sucrose) to elicit the feeding reflex (that is, proboscis extension reflex, or PER) and a second assay in which a droplet of stimulating solution was placed at the end of the extended proboscis to test whether bees would consume it (further details described in Wright et al. 201017). Stimulating solutions were 1 M sucrose containing one of the following concentrations (1 nM, 10 nM, 100 nM, 1 μM, 10 μM) of one of three neonicotinoids (IMD, TMX, CLO).
Electrophysiology
Individual bumblebees (B. terrestris audax and B. terrestris terrestris) and honeybees were cold-anaesthetized on ice for 3–5 min, and then restrained in a metallic restraining harness as described in Bitterman et al. (1983)32. To avoid any movements of the mouthparts during recordings, muscles that trigger proboscis retraction were cut by making an incision at the level of the proboscis fossa. Each galea was fixed with a curved metallic wire pinned into dental wax.
Electrophysiological recordings were made from taste neurons located in the first 11 sensilla chaetica33 located at the tip of the galea on the honeybee's proboscis as in Wright et al. (2010)17 and in the first 6 sensilla in bumblebees. Bees were electrically grounded via a chlorinated silver wire inserted into the head. Sensilla were visualized under a microscope (M205C, Leica, Germany) at a magnification of × 256. To record from gustatory neurons, we used a method first described by Hodgson et al. (1955)34. Sensilla were stimulated with a recording borosilicate electrode (50 mm long, 20 μm diameter) containing the test compounds diluted in demineralized water. The recording electrode was connected via a chlorinated sliver wire to a high impedance ‘non-blocking' pre-amplifier (TastePROBE, Syntech, Germany)35 mounted on a motorized micromanipulator (MPC-200, Sutter Instrument, USA). The signal was further amplified and filtered with an AC amplifier (model 1800, gain: 100×, band-pass filter: 10–1,000 Hz, A-M Systems, USA). Each stimulus trial was digitized (sampling rate 10 kHz, 16 bits; DT9803 Data Translation), stored on a computer with dbWave software (version 4.2014.3.22) and analysed with Matlab R2012b (version 8.0.0.783) using PeakFinder with fixed thresholds as the peak detection algorithm (PeakFinder.m., Mathworks file ID: 25500). Recordings were made for 2 s, but only data for the first second were included in the analysis. The first 100 ms were removed to avoid the contact artefact. For bumblebees, 2–6 sensilla were sampled per bee; for honeybees, 6–10 sensilla were sampled per bee.
Recording started when the open end of the electrode was placed over the tip of the sensillum. Individuals were repeatedly sampled in one of two protocols: (1) 50 mM sucrose, 100 mM KCl, water, 1 μM neonicotinoid, 1 mM neonicotinoid, 1 mM NHT, 100 mM KCl, 50 mM sucrose; or (2) 50 mM sucrose, 50 mM sucrose + neonicotinoid in one of the following concentrations (1 nM, 10 nM, 1 μM), 50 mM sucrose. The neonicotinoids IMD, TMX, or CLO were used in each protocol. Neonicotinoid (Pestanal, Sigma-Aldrich) solutions were prepared as serial dilutions starting with 1 mM concentration. Sucrose and nicotine tartrate were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich and KCl from Fisher Scientific at purity ≥ 98%. Demineralized water was used to prepare all solutions. Intervals between stimuli were 2–5 min.
Recordings with IMD diluted in sucrose (Extended Data Fig. 4) were further analysed using dbWave (http://perso.numericable.fr/frederic.marion-poll/deterrents/tk/dbwave/index.htm). Predicted spiking neurons or ‘units' were sorted from the digitally filtered signals according to their amplitude with the help of interactive software procedures. Electrophysiological recordings were then visually inspected to search for spike doublets, that is, two spikes separated by an interspike interval shorter than the silent period36,37. Spike trains were analysed over 1 s following the first 100 ms removed to avoid the contact artefact.
Electron microscopy
Scanning electron microscopy was performed using a Cambridge Stereoscan 240 on samples that had been fixed with glutaraldehyde, washed in phosphate buffer than dehydrated through an ethanol gradient followed by critical point drying. Specimens were then mounted on an aluminium stub with Acheson's silver dag before gold coating with a Polaron SEM coating unit.
Statistics
All analyses were performed using IBM SPSS v 19. The mean total number of spikes in the electrophysiological recordings was analysed using repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) for each species with neonicotinoid as a main effect, sensillum number and bee as covariates, and stimulus as a repeated measure; a Levene's test was employed to test for equality of variance. Post hoc comparisons were pairwise t-tests with a Bonferroni adjustment for experiment-wise error rate. A two-way generalized linear model (GLM) was used to compare the behaviour of bees fed each of the neonicotinoid treatments for each bee species with the least squares post hoc comparisons (Note: the sucrose-sucrose choice data were not included because of the requirements of GLM for factorial design). The difference in the amount eaten between the 2 food tubes in the behavioural choice assays was also analysed using a one-sample t-test against zero for each treatment; critical values were Bonferroni-adjusted. The proportion of bees alive after 24 h was analysed using logistic regression (lreg). Each individual bee was entered in the analysis for the experiments with bumblebees and with honeybees. For the analysis with honeybees, ‘cohort' was entered as a covariate. No statistical methods were used to predetermine sample size.
Get FREE Earbuds from Black & Mild Here!
Update: You can also add FREE Mirror Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 3G/3GS
To get FREE Earbud Earphones from Electronics Zone (follow the steps below)
1.) Add the item to your cart *Add both items to your Cart.
2.) Then proceed to checkout
3.) You will need to login or register. *Note: If select Express Checkout you will not need to register an account
4.) Under Payment information, select “PayPal” (Did not ask for PayPal info)
5.) Continue through the checkout process
6.) Shipping is FREE and No credit card required.
** Electronics Zone ships worldwide.
You can follow Hunt4Freebies on Facebook for all of the latest freebie updates!
You can Also Follow Us On Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+ for 24 hour freebie updates and more!
It wasn't quite evening, nor was it Saturday, but within minutes after President Trump fired the FBI director who was investigating Russian meddling in the president's election last year, the words “Saturday Night Massacre” swept across a stunned capital.
In Washington, especially in the throes of scandals and investigations, each new shock development sparks a search for useful historical analogies. Immediately on Tuesday evening, Democrats and Republicans alike turned to 1973, to the Saturday Night Massacre, when President Richard M. Nixon rattled the nation by firing Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor who had been appointed to investigate their behavior in the Watergate scandal. On one evening that October, Nixon abolished the office of the special prosecutor, and both the attorney general, Elliot Richardson, and their deputy, William Ruckelshaus, resigned after refusing Nixon's demand that they fire Cox.
[Here's how unusual it is to fire an FBI director]
Trump's firing of FBI chief James B. Comey “is a very Nixonian move,” said John Dean, the White House counsel under Nixon. “This could have been a quiet resignation, but instead it was an angry dismissal.”
On television Tuesday night, the faces of all the president's men popped out of the history books — fuzzy, black-and-white images of the dark figures of the nation's worst scandal, which ended with Nixon's resignation on the eve of their inevitable impeachment. On social media, Comey's firing instantly took its place alongside other unsettling chapters in the history of presidential power — Watergate, to be sure, but also other struggles between FBI directors and presidents, especially at times when the bureau was investigating the president or their aides.
1 of 22 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The career of James Comey as FBI director View Photos James B. Comey, the head of the bureau since 2013, was dismissed by President Trump on May 9, 2017. Caption James B. Comey, the head of the bureau since 2013, was dismissed by President Trump on May 9, 2017. March 15, 2017 FBI Director James B. Comey leaves a closed-door meeting with senators about President Trump's allegations of wiretapping at Trump Tower during the 2016 election at the Capitol in Washington. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
But the yearning to find comfort in terrible chapters of American history that the country nonetheless survived runs up against Trump's lifelong desire to be provocative and unpredictable — and against unprecedented allegations in which a president's campaign stands accused of possible collusion with a foreign adversary.
“Trump is a unique individual who is not bound by the normal strictures of politics, so we don't know if he's doing this because he's unpredictable or because he's hiding something,” said John A. Farrell, author of “Richard Nixon: The Life,” a new biography. “But the actions they and their top staff have taken certainly mirror those of their counterparts four decades ago, who were clearly hiding something.”
Trump's brief letter sacking Comey made only one reference to policy, a line of appreciation that the FBI chief told the president “on three separate occasions that I am not under investigation.” In their memo recommending Comey's removal, Trump's new deputy attorney general, Rod J. Rosenstein, did not mention the FBI's investigation of Russia's efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election.
[The Justice Department's case against James B. Comey, annotated]
But much of the reaction from Congress, from Republicans and Democrats alike, focused on that investigation and the need to restore public confidence in the rectitude of the FBI and law enforcement.
Presidents who have been on edge about FBI investigations of their actions have sometimes pushed back hard, but more often they have stepped away from any direct effort to halt a probe.
Nixon's relationship with the FBI's first and most iconic director, J. Edgar Hoover, was particularly fraught, and in 1971, the president summoned Hoover, who had led the bureau and its first incarnation since 1924, to the Oval Office to relieve them of their duties.
(Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
“Nixon actually called them in for the showdown meeting and just couldn't do it,” Dean said. “There were talking papers written. It was all set up. They'd been planning it for weeks. And then they chickened out.”
In private discussions with their attorney general, John Mitchell, Nixon said that Hoover “should get the hell out of there.” But at a later meeting with Mitchell, recorded on the White House taping system, Nixon hedged for fear that Hoover might have dirt on him: “We may have on our hands here a man who will pull down the temple with him, including me,” the president said.
In their memoirs, Nixon said that they had been surprised that, as Farrell put it, “the acid of Watergate had dug so deeply into American society that the Saturday Night Massacre would be seen as a great constitutional crisis.”
In 1993, President Bill Clinton also learned how unsettling a confrontation with the FBI could be. Six months after they took office, Clinton fired FBI Director William S. Sessions, saying that their attorney general, Janet Reno, had reported to them that Sessions “can no longer effectively lead the bureau and law enforcement community.”
Asked whether they wanted to get rid of Sessions — a Ronald Reagan appointee — for political reasons, Clinton replied, “Absolutely not.” A Justice Department investigation had found that Sessions had engaged in a pattern of unethical behavior and expense-account padding — garden-variety corruption that might seem almost quaint compared with the Nixon-era crimes. Sessions had used an FBI plane to visit their daughter and an FBI limousine for personal travel, and had a government-paid fence installed at their home.
Sessions said they were a victim of a political vendetta, and they refused Clinton's entreaties to resign. When Reno, who conducted their own investigation, said Sessions had shown “serious deficiencies in judgment,” Clinton showed them the door.
In retrospect, Clinton lived to regret the change. Louis J. Freeh, a former FBI special agent and U.S. attorney, was a “law enforcement legend,” Clinton said in naming them FBI director. Eight years later, the two men had become mortal enemies. In a 2005 book, Freeh said they were so disgusted by Clinton's personal scandals that they had stayed until the end of their term only so that Clinton couldn't appoint their successor.
Freeh had their own problems, including criticism that FBI laxness was among the failings that allowed the September 2001 al-Qaeda attacks; the initial botching of the investigation of the 1996 Olympic Games bombing in Atlanta; and the 2001 arrest of Robert Hanssen, a 25-year FBI veteran, as a longtime Soviet and Russian spy.
But Freeh's relationship with Clinton — the G-man and the laid-back president — was strained from the start. “The problem was with Bill Clinton — the scandals and the rumored scandals, the incubating ones and the dying ones never ended,” Freeh told “60 Minutes” in 2005. “His closets were full of skeletons just waiting to burst out.”
Freeh blasted Clinton for mishandling the FBI's investigation of the 1996 Khobar Towers bombing of a U.S. military apartment complex in Saudi Arabia. Clinton, they said, had refused to press the Saudis to allow the FBI to interrogate suspects, even as they hit them up for a contribution to their presidential library.
Former Clinton officials angrily disputed the accusations at the time. “It's unfortunate he'd stoop to this level in their attempt to rewrite history,” said Clinton spokesperson Jay Carson, noting that Freeh had contributed thousands of dollars to Republican politicians.
Freeh's eventual replacement was scandal-free. Former U.S. attorney and white-collar crime lawyer Robert S. Mueller III took office one week before the al-
Qaeda attacks, and they presided over a wholesale revamp of the bureau's counterterrorism efforts. When their 10-year term expired, President Barack Obama asked them to stay for two more years. They left in September 2013, replaced by Comey.
As the Watergate analogies poured in from angry and startled politicians Tuesday night, they were accompanied by another echo of the 1970s scandal — calls for the appointment of a special counsel to take over the Russia investigation.
“But remember that until a few hours ago, lots of Democrats were calling for Comey to go,” Farrell said. “That's being lost in the shuffle as we rush to the Nixonian analogy.”
But the drip-drip-drip nature of Washington scandals is already a primary theme of the Trump presidency. “The question now is how many of these moves by Trump have to happen before we see the shift in public support for the president that happened toward the end of Watergate,” Farrell said.
After Nixon sacked him, Cox, the special prosecutor, defended their decision to conduct the Watergate investigation as they saw fit, rather than yield to the president's order that they limit their requests for tape recordings of Nixon's conversations in the White House. “Whether ours shall continue to be a government of laws and not of men is now for Congress and ultimately the American people,” Cox said.
Read more:
Timeline: What led up to Comey's firing
‘This terrifies me': Ex-Clinton aides slam Trump's firing of FBI director Comey
The shocking firing of James B. Comey puts new pressure on Trump and their team
The increasingly strained alliance between Turkey and the United States took a sharp downward turn Sunday when both governments abruptly announced they were canceling most visitor visas between the countries, sowing confusion among travelers and exposing a widening rift between the NATO partners.
The crisis began when the U.S. Embassy in Ankara, the Turkish capital, announced it was immediately suspending all non­immigrant visa services at diplomatic facilities across Turkey. The move appeared to be retaliatory, coming days after the government of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan arrested an employee of the U.S. Consulate in Istanbul.
An embassy statement said it was limiting visitors to U.S. missions while it "reassesses" Turkey's commitment to the security of American personnel — an extraordinary rebuke that underscored a rapidly deteriorating relationship between the longtime allies. Within hours, the Turkish Embassy in Washington released a nearly identical statement announcing its own suspension of nonimmigrant visas for Americans.
The tit-for-tat moves illustrated how the critical alliance between Turkey and the United States, anchored in military, intelligence and commercial ties, has been battered in recent months by a series of deep disagreements over the war in Syria and the fate of Fethullah Gulen, a Turkish cleric who lives in exile in Pennsylvania and is wanted by the Turkish authorities.
The strains have undermined vows by President Trump to repair U.S. ties to Turkey, which became frayed during the administration of President Barack Obama. The escalating tensions also came despite what are said to be warm personal relations between Erdoğan and Trump that stretch back several years.
Turkey, which once enthusiastically pursued membership in the European Union, has also become estranged from European countries, particularly Germany.
After the arrest last week of the U.S. consulate employee, Metin Topuz, strains between the two governments burst into the open.
Turkish authorities accused Topuz of espionage and links to Gulen, the exiled cleric. The U.S. Embassy, in a statement, responded by saying that it was "deeply disturbed" by the arrest and that the charges were "without merit."
In a meeting with Turkish journalists, John Bass, the outgoing ambassador to Turkey, said the arrest of Topuz, "does not strike me as pursuing justice. It seems to me more a pursuit of vengeance."
Tensions between the two countries started almost as soon as Trump took office, when their administration, setting aside Turkish objections, elected to partner with a Kurdish-dominated force in the fight against the Islamic State militant group in Syria. The Syrian Kurds are aligned with Turkey's Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which is considered a terrorist group by both Turkey and the United States.
Turkey has also forcefully demanded the extradition of Gulen, whom it accuses of masterminding a failed attempt to topple the Turkish government in July 2016. And Turkish officials have tried to win the release of Reza Zarrab, a Turkish-Iranian gold trader who is facing charges in the United States of evading sanctions on Iran.
Last month, U.S. federal prosecutors indicted a former Turkish minister of the economy for allegedly conspiring with Zarrab to skirt the sanctions. Erdoğan called the case "a step against the Turkish Republic."
And this summer, Erdoğan's bodyguards were accused of beating protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington.
At home, Turkey has pursued a broad crackdown on suspects in the failed coup, while also arresting scores of academics, journalists, political opponents and ordinary critics of the government. They have included several U.S. citizens, including Andrew Brunson, a pastor from North Carolina who has been detained since last October.
Erdoğan referred to Brunson in a recent speech in which they chided the Trump administration and suggested that the detained American was a bargaining chip in Turkey's dispute with the United States.
"Give us that pastor," Erdoğan said, referring to Gulen, "and we will do what we can in the judiciary to give you this one."
The halting of visas between the two countries represented an unusually perilous turn in the relationship, analysts said, while affecting untold numbers of travelers, including tourists, business executives, students and others.
"I think the whole thing could go off its wheels," said Soner Cagaptay, the author of "The New Sultan," a book about Erdoğan. "There is a very, very deep trust deficit in bilateral ties, especially as far as Erdoğan is concerned."
Cagaptay cited Turkey's recent decision to buy a surface-to-air missile defense system from Russia as evidence of Erdoğan's growing suspicion of the United States and of NATO — to the point where Turkey was openly buying weapons to defend itself against the West.
"He does not trust the U.S. at all," Cagaptay said.
Read more
Turkey condemns U.S. over ‘aggressive' acts against Erdoğan's guards during D.C. visit
White House denies Erdoğan claim that Trump apologized after Turkish guards assaulted D.C. protesters
Trump calls Erdoğan to congratulate them on contested referendum, Turkey says
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
A man was arrested in Prospect Heights June 8, 2014 after a fire broke out in their home and firefighters found 40 marijuana plants, police said. View Full Caption Shutterstock
PROSPECT HEIGHTS — Their stash went up in a blaze.
A 45-year-old man was arrested Sunday after an extension cord they used to power a set of plant-growing lights over their 40 marijuana bushes sparked a fire, drawing a team of firefighters who noticed the illegal pot farm, police said.
Antonio Dow, 45, was busted on charges of criminal drug possession and intent to sell after firefighters found the plants in their apartment behind Barclays Center as well as in their backyard, police said.
“He was growing substantial plants and their electrical wiring short-circuited, and that's what caused a very smoky fire,” Capt. Peter Rose of the 77th Precinct said Monday night. “They found these plants that were the size of small shrubs.”
The fire department responded to 577 Vanderbilt Ave. between Pacific and Dean streets about 2:20 p.m. Sunday, according to the FDNY. It was extinguished about 20 minutes later. The building was not damaged in the fire and no one was hurt, Rose said.
Police also found a collection of loose bullets in the apartment, along with a rifle cartridge with seven .38-caliber Winchester bullets, but no gun, according to the criminal complaint.
Dow was arraigned Monday and ordered held on $10,000 bail, according to their criminal complaint.  They are due back in court June 13. Information on Dow's lawyer was not immediately available.
BethPH
Commission Rejects Calls For Mandatory London Minimum Wage
The Living Wage Commission rejected calls for a London minimum wage on Tuesday, saying it should be up to employers.
The London Living Wage (LLW), currently £8.80 per hour, has been adopted by the private and public sector across the capital. Although the scheme is backed by Mayor of London Boris Johnson, it's not mandatory and many companies still pay the national minimum wage of £6.31 or the Living Wage of £7.65, despite the steep costs of living in London for low paid staff.
Political support for the LLW is one thing, but with no legislation in place, there's no obligation for companies to increase wages — effectively a green light for campaigners to put public pressure on them. Cinema workers at the Ritzy in Brixton recently received public support from director Ken Loach over a series of strikes, while University and College Union (UCU) student members have held protests over staff pay.
The increased cost of living plus zero hour contracts and wage cuts have pushed many of London's low paid into the 'working poor'. In April, we reported that one in four London households is on housing benefit and a 2013 low-pay report revealed that 16% of Londoners are paid less than the LLW. Despite the clear link between low pay and a rocketing benefits bill, ministers are reluctant to make the LLW a reality. Green Party AM Jenny Jones said:
“The living wage campaign has been a stunning success, but now it is time for the Mayor to ensure everyone in London is paid a wage they can build a life on. Their voluntary approach is only reaching a tiny number of employers, so they should join me in calling for big businesses and government departments to be required to pay a living wage. Paying everyone a living wage would slash the benefit bill, freeing up billions over the next few years for the Mayor to invest in job creation schemes like housing and renewables. This could help to offset any extra unemployment created.”
The mayor has been criticised for appearing to depart from their manifesto pledge to lobby the government over paying the LLW in Whitehall. In fact, a Citizens UK report last summer identified a number of government departments who don't pay the LLW, with some paying just the national minimum wage. The Ritzy campaign was raised at Mayor's Question Time on 11 June, and while Boris Johnson reiterated that companies able to pay the LLW should do so, there's no sign of it being compulsory.
As of November 2013, there were 216 companies paying the LLW, while workers at Haringey council and London-based cleaning form CTS recently won their battle to increase their wages.
Photo by markdbaynham in the Londonist Flickr pool.
Fox News' Fox and Friends found warmth and comfort for Donald Trump, who had put their full support behind the alleged pedophile Roy Moore and claimed the historic loss in last night's Alabama special election...no, really...was a referendum on Harvey Weinstein.
Nine women came forward against Roy Moore over their past sexual proclivities toward young girls, and it wasn't until Trump began to wholeheartedly support the embattled Moore that Trump's own sexual assault accusers stepped back into the spotlight.
Co-host Steve Doocy made a circular and confusing opening statement to muck up the reality of the situation.
They said that Trump and Bannon were at "loggerheads" over the two candidates because Trump originally supported Luther Strange, but Bannon wanted to 'drain the swamp' because they hate Mitch McConnell. Since McConnell supported Luther Strange, Bannon supported Roy Moore. Understand?
By the way, Roy Moore has been involved in Alabama politics for decades and is anything but a political outsider. And a great many voters are very familiar with Moore's loudmouth bigotry against Muslims and gays.
Ainsley Earhardt then weighed in saying Doug "Jones caught a break."
Earhardt continued, "When all these allegations came out against Judge Moore. The environment was really bad. the story, I felt like, was just horrific. It was hard for women especially to go to the polls and vote for them even though the allegations were just allegations, and even though it happened so long ago."
Then they topped it off with awesome Trump-style propaganda.
Earhardt said, "This was not a referendum on Trump. I feel like it was a referendum on Harvey Weinstein."
Say, what?
Apparently, Fox and Friends doesn't consider all the women who publicly came forward against Trump to be credible at all, since they never mentioned any charges against Trump in their segment.
Fox had no problem bringing up Senator Al Franken's resignation from the Senate during the campaign.
But until today nobody ever mentioned Harvey Weinstein in context to the Alabama special election.
And it was Trump who decided to jump in at full throttle to stump and record robocalls for Roy Moore.
↓ Story continues below ↓
It can never be Trump's fault in the world of Fox and Friends.
And it can't even be Roy Moore's fault, because he's an avowed Republican.
A long, long time ago, in the aftermath of Grand Prix Toronto 2012, I designed a Smallpox deck (as seen here on LegitMTG). It was a savage, backbreaking monstrosity that tore a hole through my metagame a mile wide. As they adapted, I inevitably retired the deck, moving on to crazier combos. However, part of me longed to return to the days of locked out, raging opponents. Thankfully, with the printing of Waste Not in M15, I have the excuse I was looking for to bring my pet project back to the limelight.
Essentially this deck wants to rip apart the opponent's hand through discard spells and damage them every turn with Shrieking Affliction and The Rack. If they try to sandbag cards in their hand, Liliana's Caress burns them every time I make them discard, and if they try to run out all their cards to beat Caress, they get smacked by The Rack. By utilizing both targeted and mass discard, the opponent's hand is ripped to shreds as I chip away at their life total at a torturous pace.
Where Waste Not fits into all this is that the card is an insane card advantage engine that can fill in a lot of the holes of my previous version. In the past, I had to run Phyrexian Arena to draw cards and Ensnaring Bridge to fend off opposing creatures. With Waste Not, I get to have card draw and tokens to block while simultaneously stripping away my opponent's hand. Even crazier is that with Raven's Crime and Wrench Mind, more often than not the opponent will discard superfluous lands rather than their spells. When this happens, Waste Not gives us two Black manas which lets me chain even more discard spells to eat their hand, giving me even more tokens/cards. The value never stops!
Other updates I've made to the list since I last sleeved it up are the inclusion of Bile Blight in the maindeck and dropping the Liliana of the Veils, Ensnaring Bridges, Phyrexian Arenas, and Fulminator Mages. Bile Blight is one of the cheapest spells available for sweeping tokens, clearing through an army of Pestermites, and even killing a pair of Wild Nacatls out of Zoo. I used to toy around with Echoing Decay in the sideboard of my previous Pox lists, but with Wild Nacatl's unbanning and creatures in general being bigger, getting that extra -1/-1 on their creatures has been fantastic. Admittedly, these slots could just be Maelstrom Pulse and outright destroy the permanents, but I do love how you can cast Raven's Crime, let them discard a land, and cast Bile Blight off the mana produced by Waste Not.
I dropped the Lilianas and Ensnaring Bridges because, ultimately, I found that with Waste Not they weren't entirely necessary. As a 3-drop in a Smallpox deck without Dark Ritual, Liliana spent more than their fair share of time rotting away in my hand while I had only two manas in play. While she's excellent when they are in play, netting you repeatable discard with no mana investment, I was finding too many times where I just didn't have the mana available to cast them Speaking of unnecessary 3-drops, I've found in testing that Ensnaring Bridge has been less and less important to the functionality of the deck. As Waste Not can generate zombie tokens whenever a creature is discarded, I can wall off opposing attackers with my zombies, or even use them to increase my clock with my Rack effects.
Phyrexian Arena used to have a pretty important role in the original Pox deck, giving me extra cards every turn at the cost of a life. It was what stopped me from running out of my discard spells to always keep pressure on my opponent's hand. Against the various Blue decks in the format Waste Not allows me to chain through my opponent's hand by turning my discard spells into cantrips. This speeds up the rate at which I can deplete their hand and start shooting them with Racks.
Finally, I opted to cut the Fulminator Mages because land destruction is nowhere near as crucial to survival as it was last year. With the death of Bloodbraid/Deathrite Jund, Tron has taken a sharp decline in popularity. Currently, the most threatening lands in Modern are Celestial Colonnade and Treetop Village, the former of which is too slow to get online to race your Racks and Caresses, and the latter land is small enough to get killed off by Bile Blight. However, as a concession to manlands, I also run a pair of Ghost Quarters for a free way of killing them. While less optimal against the Treetop Village decks, most decks running Celestial Colonnade only have 1-2 basic lands, so depending on how late in the game it is and how the opponent has fetched, Ghost Quarter can do a pretty good Strip Mine impression.
Because my maindeck is so capable of tearing through opposing strategies, my sideboard is primarily made of cards to fight the weaknesses of traditional discard decks. First and foremost, I have 3 copies of Golgari Charm and 2 copies of Maelstrom Pulse because Leyline of Sanctity is a beast against targeted discard effects, which just so happen to comprise a third of my deck. This is pretty much the only reason I'm splashing Green, as mono-Black variants have virtually no options for beating a Leyline. Golgari Charm also has the title of the Greatest Sideboard Card Ever due to its versatility. It kills off enchantments like Leyline, Splinter Twin, and Daybreak Coronet, and even picks off swarms of X/1s out of BW Tokens and Turbo-Twin. Meanwhile, Pulse is a catch-all for any problematic permanent from Karn Liberated to Tarmogoyfs that are too big to Bile Blight. Speaking of Bile Blight, I'm also running a third copy in the sideboard to make my creature matches easier. Here I just want to be playing the control game by sweeping away their creatures and making zombie tokens long enough to Rack them out.
The full set of Surgical Extractions in the sideboard are a concession to the faster combo decks out there like Amulet and Goryo's Vengeance. Extracting a key card the opponent needs to win, such as Griselbrand or Amulet of Vigor allows me the time to set myself up without worrying about getting comboed out. As well, in Splinter Twin, I can make them discard something like Deceiver Exarch on turn one and extract it, not only buying me plenty of time but also getting rid of half of their creature base.
Pithing Needle and Grafdigger's Cage give the deck some cheap, efficient ways to stave off Birthing Pod, Oblivion Stone, and Engineered Explosives. Oblivion Stone in Tron and Engineered Explosives in UWR are two of the easiest ways to clear away our Rack effects, so I've included a trio of Pithing Needle to shut them down. Needle is also great for stopping Qasali Pridemage and even manlands from activating. The versatility combined with such a low mana cost make Pithing Needle an amazing card to control the opponent's answers.
Grafdigger's Cage, on the other hand, is a staple for turning off Birthing Pod, Chord of Calling, and even Snapcaster Mage, three of the more annoying cards to have to deal with for Pox. Birthing Pod and Chord of Calling don't really need a hand to function, as they can put creatures directly into play from their deck, and Snapcaster Mage allows the opponent to get value out of the spells we make them discard. Grafdigger's Cage puts the kibosh on any shenanigans and forces them to continue playing on your terms. The only awkwardness I've found is that Cage also stops you from Retracing Raven's Crime, so when you bring in Cage that's usually the card to side out.
THE OTHER STRAINS OF THE PLAGUE
While I'm generally happy with this build, I'd be remiss to ignore testing out other colours to splash. Blue and White were just as bad this time around as they were when I first built the deck, offering very little in the ways of optimizing my discard spells and Waste Nots. At best I could get some countermagic from Blue or some more sideboard cards from White, but I found that it didn't really accomplish much. This left Red, the belligerent drunk of the colour pie. I have to admit, I have fond memories of the old Liliana's Caress/Megrim/Blightning decks of the 2011 Standard season, which featured Burning Inquiry was a key component. What makes Burning Inquiry so good in this style of deck is that with Liliana's Caress in play, you're netting six life for one Red mana, as well as randomly discarding three cards from the opponent's hand. Also, with their hand depleted, Burning Inquiry gives you a way to continue triggering Liliana's Caress as well as effectively milling three cards. With Waste Not in play Burning Inquiry gives us three random effects that are all upside as well as potentially restocking our hand with more discard spells. The potential value was more than enough to convince me to try this version out:
Here the Red splash has not only given me the ability to run Burning Inquiry, it has also improved the quality of my sweepers and sideboard cards in a Leyline-light metagame. I cut the Delirium Skeins for the Burning Inquiries which dramatically lowered the curve of the deck. This has the pleasant side effect of freeing up even more lands to Retrace Raven's Crime. While Pyroclasm does less against the X/3s of the format than Bile Blight, its ability to hit multiple creatures of different names give it more utility in the Affinity and Melira Pod matchups. As well, Red enables me to run a full set of Rakdos Charm in the sideboard, which does wonders in a variety of matchups. Acting as everything from graveyard hate to sealing Twin's fate to a straight up Affinity Vindicate, Rakdos Charm is a card that covers most of your bases.
Running two more copies of Pyroclasm in the sideboard really helps damper aggro decks like Affinity that can dump their hand into play before you can set up your board. I've even considered making these slots Anger of the Gods for more Pod-heavy metas, but that's more of a personal preference. Dreadbore is another catch-all for any creature the opponent can muster, such as Obstinate Baloth or Restoration Angel, as well as picking off pesky Domri Rades and Liliana of the Veils. Finally, Red also lets me play Blood Moon, which is an absolute nightmare for three-colour decks to face. This strands the opponent's spells in their hand while making sure that your discard spells are always live. With Blood Moon out, you will almost always be able to trigger your Waste Nots and Liliana's Caresses because your opponent is simply locked out of playing their spells.
SPREADING THE PLAGUE
I am utterly ecstatic that my beloved Pox deck is back. As the format shifts toward more midrange and combo decks, I believe that Pox is well-positioned enough to break through into the Modern metagame. I've managed to cultivate a bit of a following at my LGS as we test and tune the list for PTQ season, even going so far as to call the group Team Pox. We've been steadily working toward optimizing this archetype into something utterly backbreaking. The deck we've created isn't so much a prison as it is an unholy torture facility not seen outside of a horror movie. The death it grants is neither swift nor painless, and only the most twisted of Black Mages should dare attempt to play it. If you think you can handle it, sleeve up the deck and spread the plague!
Lawmakers, regulators and environmental groups in San Diego County are calling on federal officials to investigate a massive sewage spill in the Tijuana River that some people believe Mexico may have intentionally caused and then refused to explain much about it.
Mexican authorities have yet to give a full accounting of how, without advance notice, an estimated 143 million gallons of effluent spewed into the river during 17 days that ended on Feb. 23. The pollution flowed into South County and has continued to contaminate beaches as far north as Coronado. Signs posted along that entire stretch of coastline urge people to stay out of the water because toxins in the sewage can sicken or kill swimmers.
After water-quality experts, environmentalists and elected officials made inquiries starting in mid-February, the U.S. side of the International Boundary and Water Commission said it received a brief summary from Mexico on Friday saying the discharge resulted from a project to repair a sewer pipe at the confluence of that nation's Alamar and Tijuana rivers.
Mexican agencies gave no alert of the pipe repair, their U.S. counterparts said. Baja California's State Public Service Commission maintains the sewer-system infrastructure in the originating area.
That agency and other Mexican officials have not responded to The San Diego Union-Tribune's requests for comment since Monday.
On Wednesday, Imperial Beach Mayor Serge Dedina, San Diego Councilman David Alvarez, Coronado Mayor Richard Bailey, Rep. Scott Peters, D-San Diego, the clean-water group Wildcoast and the local chapter of the Surfrider Foundation were among those calling on the International Boundary and Water Commission to launch an official investigation into the spill.
As part of their campaign, they're urging the public to gather at 5:30 p.m. Thursday at 301 Caspian Way in Imperial Beach to coordinate requests for the commission to launch a probe. The panel's meeting is scheduled to start at 6:30 p.m. in the same location.
The commission's U.S. side, which oversees international water treaties with Mexico, among other things, hasn't said whether it will start a formal investigation.
“There's a deafening silence despite the crescendo of official complaints, and that's just unacceptable,” said Dedina, who is also the head of Wildcoast.
Alvarez, whose council district includes the Tijuana River Valley, also said the spill shouldn't be tolerated. “The federal government needs to work with Mexico and … take the necessary steps to address this problem as soon as possible,” they said.
Dave Gibson, executive officer of the San Diego Regional Water Quality Control Board, has said the discharge was likely no mistake. They have pushed for the International Boundary and Water Commission, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other federal regulators to look into the situation.
“I strongly support an investigation, and I am formally calling on (federal officials) to conduct one immediately,” Gibson said. “Whether it is one gallon or 143 million gallons, sewage should never be discharged untreated into our water bodies.
“After working years to improve cooperation and communication on border issues, it is deeply disturbing that (Baja California's State Public Service Commission) … utterly failed to take any measures to contain or redirect the raw sewage back into the sewage system or provide any public notice whatsoever,” they added.
Peters, whose 52nd congressional district includes Coronado, said: “This is not supposed to happen. I am very concerned about the damage this spill has done to our beaches and bays. As a member of the (House) Energy and Commerce Committee, I plan to speak with the EPA and other relevant federal agencies to get answers on how this happened, why we weren't informed sooner and what steps need to be taken to ensure it never happens again.”
Rep. Juan Vargas, whose 51st congressional district encompasses much of the coastline affected by the sewage spill, hasn't said as of Wednesday afternoon whether they will join the call for further scrutiny.
Depending on how much of the sewage is flushed out to sea by recent storms, toxic materials may persist along the region's beaches into the spring and summer, according to the water quality board. For much of the past month, South County beaches had been closed because of run-off pollution generated by rainfall.
San Diego County's Department of Environmental Health expanded an existing beach closure on Tuesday because of sewage. The closure now includes the Tijuana Slough National Wildlife Refuge, Imperial Beach the Silver Strand and Coronado.
Officials said warning signs will remain along the shorelines of those sites until the ocean is safe for recreational use.
Twitter: @jemersmith
Phone: (619) 293-2234
Email: joshua.smith@sduniontribune.com
MPs were reduced to tear this afternoon as they listened in silence to a colleague reveal they were raped as a 14-year-old.
Michelle Thomson, the independent MP for Edinburgh West, said they felt "ashamed" after a man they knew took them into the woods and assaulted them as they walked their home from a youth event.
Speaker John Bercow, who was visibly moved, praised the MP's bravery and told them they had "left an indelible impression on us all."
Michelle Thomson Credit: BBC
Speaking in a debate about eliminating violence against women, Ms Thomson told the House of Commons: “I'm not a victim, I'm a survivor.”
They revealed they hadn't told their parents and that despite being happily married for 25 years, the rape had “fatally undermined” them self-esteem.
Ms Thomson, 51, said that the attack had been "mercifully quick" but said it had left them feeling "spoiled and impure and revulsion towards myself."
Speaker of the House of Commons-elect John Bercow Credit: AFP
They told MPs: "When I was 14 I was raped. As is common, it was by somebody who was known to me.
"He had offered to walk me home from a youth event and in those days everybody walked everywhere, it was quite common to do that.
"It was early evening, it wasn't dark. I was wearing - I'm imagining, I'm guessing - jeans and a sweatshirt."
When they led them a slightly different way, they said: "I didn't think anything of it.
"He told me they wanted to show me something in a wooded area and at that point, I must admit, I was alarmed. I did have a warning bell - but I overrode that warning bell because I knew them and therefore there was a level of trust in place.
"To be honest, looking back, at that point I don't think I knew what rape was. It was not something that was talked about."
They said their senses were "absolutely numbed", telling MPs: "Thinking about it now, 37 years later, I cannot remember hearing anything when I replay it in my mind.
"Now, as somebody who is an ex-professional musician who is very, very auditory, I find that quite telling."
Ms Thomson added: "It was mercifully quick and I remember first of all feeling surprise, then fear, then horror as I realised I quite simply couldn't escape - because they were stronger than me, and there was no sense even initially of any sexual desire from him, which I suppose, looking back, again I find odd."
After the incident they said they didn't tell their parents, their friends or the police. "I bottled it all up inside me," they said.
"I hoped, briefly and appallingly, that I might be pregnant so that would force a situation to help me control it."
Ms Thomson said they felt "ashamed" that they had "allowed this to happen to me", debating internally what had happened.
They added: "I felt I was spoiled and impure and really felt revulsion towards myself. I, of course, then detached from the child up to then I had been.
"Although, in reality, at the age of 14 it was probably the start of my sexual awakening, at that time, remembering back, sex was something that men did to women and perhaps this incident reinforced that early belief."
Mr Thompson added that women and society have to stand up for each other and "be courageous".
They said: "We have to call things out and say where things are wrong. We have to support and nurture our sisters as we do with our sons."
Americans love to mock the British for choosing — in the 21st century — to live under a monarchy and honor the hereditary succession of a royal family. I enthusiastically participate in that derision. Few concepts are as antithetical to reason and democratic liberty as anointing families that are vested with an entitlement to wield power through dynasty and lineage.
The U.S. officially has no formal royal families, but clearly loves dynastic political power. As the U.S. becomes increasingly oligarchical — all of its institutions, including its political ones, dominated by a tiny number of extremely rich families — it is natural that all forms of hereditary power will flourish. There are still examples of people from backgrounds devoid of family wealth or influence attaining political power — Barack Obama certainly qualifies — but it's virtually impossible for them to succeed without the overwhelming support of those oligarchical circles.
Dynastic power is not a new phenomenon in the U.S., but this past week featured a particularly vivid illustration of how potent it is. The two U.S. presidents prior to President Obama — Bill Clinton and George W. Bush — made appearances on the campaign trail to urge Americans to elect their favorite candidate, which, in both cases, happens to be a close family member.
“There's no doubt in my mind Jeb Bush has the experience and the character to be a great president,” said George W. Bush, themselves the son of a former U.S. president, in South Carolina about their brother. At a rally in Tennessee, Bill Clinton pronounced their wife “the best change-maker I've ever known,” and in a separate speech in Florida angrily denounced Democrats who support their wife's opponent by depicting them as the equivalent of the GOP's Tea Party.
Until Jeb Bush proved to be a remarkably inept candidate, it was long expected that the 2016 election would match the son of one former president and brother of another, against the wife of another former president. Further underscoring the dynastic dynamic was that their funding would come from the same sources, numerous powerful factions would have difficulty choosing which candidate would serve their agenda most faithfully, and, as is often true of aristocracies, the two extremely rich families have become very close friends.
As one would expect, the children of those two families have also enjoyed substantial unearned benefits by virtue of their lineage. Despite no background or experience in journalism, both Jenna Bush and Chelsea Clinton were hired by major American networks as on-air correspondents, joining a slew of others whose sole qualification was being born to powerful parents.
Dynastic political power is, of course, hardly unique to the U.S. Many of the closest American allies and client states are themselves full-scale monarchies. Numerous countries, from Cuba and Pakistan to Argentina and Canada, have recently had siblings, spouses, and children of prior leaders assume power. From the Adams to the Kennedys, the U.S. itself has often had families for whom political power was a family business.
Still, the spectacle of having two former U.S. presidents simultaneously stump for the election of their close family members as the next U.S. president is a uniquely illuminating symbol of what the U.S. has become. It is still highly likely that of the last five U.S. presidents, four of them will come from the same two extremely rich families. It's becoming increasingly difficult for any American to comfortably mock the British, who at least have the dignity to consign dynastic power to the largely symbolic realm.
Like this article? rabble is reader-supported journalism. Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Rape culture is everywhere and with it a proliference of terrible rape jokes. But what if the people telling rape jokes were survivors? That is the idea behind Rape is Real and Everywhere, a national comedy tour.
The show is the brainchild of Vancouver comedians Emma Cooper and Heather Jordan Ross. The two came up with the idea over drinks after work one evening. They discussed how they never wanted to hear rape jokes again but also wanted to perform material about their experiences.
"We kind of said it in jest at first and then we were like no wait we should do this, this is a great idea," says Jordan Ross.
The show is a mix of stand-up comedy alongside more serious moments where performers reflect on their experiences and rape culture. This includes reminding the audience that "no one is allowed to hurt you" and offering support if audience members want to talk. It challenges the idea that rape jokes are never funny and puts the power to control narrative back in survivors' hands.
"I think when it comes to telling rape jokes you have to consider who is laughing at the joke," says Jordan Ross. "There are two kinds of jokes you can make; punch up and you can bring something new to the conversation or you can punch down and you can make a victim feel uncomfortable."
During the May 15 Vancouver show at the Rickshaw Theatre, performers discussed media coverage, language and there was even a Lord-of-the-Rings-themed joke. There were also a diverse array of performers representing that rape affects everyone.
As a former reporter, Ross knows how the media can contribute to unrealistic expectations of survivors.
"Reporters are like, 'well we saw them smiling on the sidewalk and that means their rape didn't happen, they would be crying for the rest of their life if that was true,'" they joke. "It's like we're people, we have to keep being people. If we're funny, if we're bitchy, if we're crazy we're going to keep on doing that after we get raped, it's not like some switch was turned off and now we're just grey people."
They say they would even sometimes refer to their experience as their "alleged sexual assault." The complicated language often used to describe rape is one of the reasons Cooper and Jordan Ross decided to use the term "rape" in the title. "Rape is real and everywhere" comes from a piece of graffiti spray painted on a wall in East Vancouver.
"'Sexual assault' just kind of slowly falls of the tongue, it doesn't describe the horrible thing that happened to you and it's so vague," explains Ross. "'Rape' sounds awful because rape is awful."
Issues like language and media coverage can also make it difficult to define rape. This is compounded by a culture of silence and inadequate discussion about consent. Many performers said they didn't immediately realize what happened to them was rape.
"You're told the narrative that it's like 'man out of bushes' 'harmless innocent girl.' So If you're anything other than 'harmless girl' and if he's anything other than the 'man out of the bushes' then you have a ton of questions for yourself and you just kind of tuck that down," says Ross.
While talking about these experiences is difficult, they say the experience has been cathartic. Many survivors have also come out to the show.
"To have the words to say, 'no this isn't my fault and everybody seems to be going through this and we're in a nightmare situation so why don't we just work together and start talking about this', that has been the greatest gift," they say.
After two sold out shows in Vancouver the duo decided to turn it into a national show. Each show will be unique and feature local comedians.
While response to the show has been largley positive, Jordan Ross says the show is not for everyone.
"If you think this show is the right fit for you, if you want to laugh, if you want to cry then come out and if not then that's okay, we respect that decision as well."
Rape is Real and Everywhere performed by Heather Jordan Ross and Emma Cooper started its national tour May 15. It has shows tonight May 30 in Montreal and tomorrow May 31 in Fredricton. More details can be found here.
Like this article? rabble is reader-supported journalism. Chip in to keep stories like these coming.
Image: Facebook/Sexual Assault is Present and Pervasive
Lee Plaza is located at 2240 West Grand Boulevard in Detroit, Michigan, and the former apartment building is a state historic site and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Its architecture is a true representation of Art Deco from the 1920s. During its heyday, it was known for its catch phrase: “You will never miss your home when you stay at the Lee Plaza.”
Proposed by Ralph T. Lee, a self-made millionaire who began working in a furniture store and engraving company before transitioning into the real estate business, Lee Plaza was the accumulation of Lee's vision for a grander, greater Detroit. In October 1919, Lee left their job as an engraver with the J.B. VanAlstyne Engraving Company to start up a construction company, completing apartment complexes throughout the bustling city. Their office was located on the fifth floor of the General Motors Building. By the 1920s, Lee was making more than $100,000 per year, a tidy sum for the time.
Designed by Charles Noble with a set budget of over one million dollars, Lee Plaza was planned as an upscale apartment tower with hotel services and was one of the tallest building to be built under their watch. Ground was broken on Lee Plaza on May 1, 1927 and was completed in 1929 at a cost of over $2.5 million, with Otto Misch Company acting as the general contractor. The 15-story structure, known as Lee Plaza Hotel, was decorated with sculpture and tile that represented the Art Deco style with a Mediterranean influence, and faced with an orange glazed brick on the exterior. The top featured imported red Spanish tile, capped with a green copper roof. It was part of Lee's vision for a New York Fifth Avenue feel, with the hope that West Grand Boulevard would be upscale, denser and stacked with residential mid-rises.
The interior was fitted with 220 one-to-four-room apartments. Each unit featured a Servidor for dry cleaned goods, and the one-and-two-bedroom units were furnished, while the furnishings for the three- and four-bedroom units were optional. The first floor contained a grocery store and ballroom, while the basement contained a beauty parlor, children's playroom and a game room. Other amenities included daily maid service and radio service. The common areas featured Italian marble floors, exquisite walnut wood paneling and hand painted frescos and detailed barrel vaulted ceilings, with polychromed plasterwork. Most notable was Peacock Alley, named for the use of blue, gold and green colors in the coffered ceiling of the barrel-vaulted walkway.
Lee sold Lee Plaza to the Detroit Investment Company, but by December 1930, the company was behind on its payments by $1.1 million. The Metropolitan Trust Company was appointed as the receiver, but went into receivership and was then transferred to the Equitable Trust Company in 1931. Through some shady dealings by Lee, which involved their hardware business, and the Depression, Lee Plaza was bankrupt by 1935. The legal woes continued until Lee Plaza was sold to Charles Owen, a local real estate dealer who had owned a third of the outstanding bonds on the structure, in August 1943 for just $475,585.
But apartment homes had begun to fall out of favor by the 1940s, and the allure of Lee Plaza was on the decline, hosting transients and other short term renters. The Lee Plaza Company was formed in November to acquire the assets of Lee Plaza for $600,000. In the 1960s, Lee Plaza was sold to a developer who conducted minor renovations of the building. In January 1969, the company sold the building to the city who converted the building into low-income senior citizen housing. New kitchens were added and the elevators were modernized.
Lee Plaza was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 5, 1981. From the time of its opening to the time it was added to the register, the building had never been completely remodeled, keeping intact its Art Deco elements, its frescos and ornamentation. But the decline of the building continued, culminating with its closure in 1997 due to a lack of funding to maintain Lee Plaza.
In 2000, more than fifty terracotta lion heads were stolen from Lee Plaza and were missing until six of the heads were spotted in a new residential development project in Chicago, Illinois. The developer, Greene & Proppe, had purchased them for less than $1,000 each from Architectural Artifacts of Chicago, who had purchased them from an antiques dealer in Saline, Michigan. Twenty-four of the lion heads along with three stone griffins were eventually recovered. Valued at over two million dollars, the ornamentation has been put into storage for reuse at the Lee—if it is ever redeveloped. The copper roof, however, was stripped in 2005 and photos of the once grand building show it to be in poor condition.
If you've played with Arduinos for more than 5 minutes, you'll know that the provided IDE is not the coolest thing about Arduino. You're more or less stuck with it however as it's the only means of verifying your code is correct, and uploading it on to your device. I set out to change that.
This has to exist already...
There exists a very full featured Atom package for doing all things Arduino - nino. Like stino for Sublime Text, it looks great and I'm sure it would be ... if I could ever get it to work. But new editor versions come out, alongside new versions of Arduino, and new versions of operating systems - I can never get these things to work. Besides, figuring out a solution personally is way more fun!
The Solution
I figured I could accomplish this if I could tackle two smaller tasks.
Compile/Upload Arduino code from the command line Run terminal commands from Atom with a key binding
Task 1
I discovered PlatformIO as a great solution for this. The only downside is you have to organize your code in a specific file structure (isn't life hard). Aside from that it's exactly what I was looking for -- I can verify, compile, upload code, as well as monitor communication over serial port, all through the command line.
I was tempted to stop here since I could now develop code in any text editor and use the command line for everything else. Free from the constraints of the Arduino editor, life was good. But as some smart person once said:
Hours of programming now can save you minutes of something else later
Task 2
Creating a custom Atom package was incredibly easy. The editor itself does all the boilerplate work for you, this tutorial is solid, and the mass amount of existing open packages are extremely helpful and inspiring as well - all praise open source software!
The package I created, platomformio (get it?), is very simple. It makes use of Atom's BufferedProcess, runs the PlatformIO commands in a separate process, and pipes the output into nice div at the bottom of the editor. The result is that I can work on my code in a fantastic text editor, and build and upload code to Arduino devices without leaving Atom.
Build
Upload
Feel free to give this a try for yourself - https://atom.io/packages/platomformio. If you run into any issues, submit an issue and we'll try to get you sorted!
politics Here's What the Development Opportunities at SmartTrack Stations Look Like
Reduced to six new stations, there are limited development opportunities at most of the sites.
SmartTrack as currently proposed. Map by Sean Marshall.
When John Tory introduced Torontonians to SmartTrack in May 2014, the promise made was of a “London-style surface subway” that could whisk commuters between employment centres in downtown Toronto, Mississauga, and Markham. Using existing rail corridors, it could be built in seven years, and all on a TTC fare. SmartTrack, the campaign pitch went, would offer quick relief to the overcrowded TTC subway. As an extra bonus, the project could be funded using Tax Increment Financing (TIFs), which could shield taxpayers from the costs of construction.
Critics pointed out the many flaws in Tory's plan: the City of Toronto already sold off lands along Eglinton Avenue West for residential development, something that SmartTrack's backers failed to take into account. Critics also pointed out that Metrolinx, the provincial transportation agency, was already working on GO Transit Regional Express Rail (RER), which also called for frequent electric rail service along much of the same route. And they pointed out that TIFs—projected tax revenue fostered by new development attracted by SmartTrack service—wouldn't be able to finance the transit infrastructure on its own.
The critics were right on all counts. SmartTrack went from 22 stations—including nine already served by GO Transit—to 16. Stations cut from the proposal include three stations along Eglinton West—replaced by a western extension of the Eglinton-Crosstown LRT—as well as stops at Spadina Avenue, Queen Street East, and Ellesmere Road. Within the City of Toronto, only six new stations are planned—far from John Tory's promise of 13 new stations—and of the remaining development opportunities to generate TIFs are limited by the Official Plan and existing development.
At this point, it is difficult to accurately estimate the revenues collected through TIFs, but we can have a look at the surrounding land uses of each station to determine the development potential at each stop.
St. Clair West
St. Clair West station offers several important local transit connections, including the 512 streetcar and five nearby bus routes (41 Keele, 89 Weston, 127 Davenport, 168 Symington, and 71A Runnymede). Big-box retail complexes to the west might be attractive for mixed-use intensification, so there are some opportunities for transit-oriented development at this location. However, much of these lands are designated as Employment Areas, and there are still some noxious land uses (including active slaughterhouses) in the area that could limit the type of new development that could be situated here.
Liberty Village
The proposed Liberty Village station is located north of King Street. Technically it's outside of the neighbourhood, but it's adjacent to the 504 King streetcar, the busiest surface route in the TTC's network. Most of the lands north of King Street—designated as Regeneration Areas in the Official Plan—have already been developed with high-rise condominium towers. To the south, the west side of Liberty Village remains designated as employment lands, which could limit residential development. Given these constraints, there isn't much opportunity to capitalize on new development to finance a station here.
East Harbour
East Harbour is the proposed location of both a SmartTrack station and a stop on the Relief Line Subway. First Gulf, owner of the former Unilever plant at this transit-starved location, proposes to build 11 high-rise office towers and several smaller commercial buildings that would collectively host as many as 50,000 employees; First Gulf has been one of the strongest proponents of SmartTrack. The station could also be a hub for transit, serving the Port Lands to the south and providing connections to streetcar services on Queen Street East and Broadview Avenue.
Gerrard
A station at Gerrard would provide another connection with a potential Relief Line, as well as the 506 Carlton streetcar, the 72 Pape bus, and potentially a connection with a re-routed 505 Dundas streetcar. The Employment Lands to the south have largely been redeveloped as mixed-use work/live lofts or new condo buildings, though the No Frills located at Carlaw and Gerrard and Gerrard Square provide opportunities for residential intensification. But otherwise surrounded by low-density neighbourhoods protected by the Official Plan, redevelopment opportunities near Gerrard station are still quite limited.
Lawrence East
Lawrence East station is currently the location of a Scarborough RT stop of the same name. Strip malls and empty fields nearby might have the potential for high-rise development, but the existing RT station hasn't exactly fostered transit-oriented development. For example, next to to Lawrence East station is Mike Myers Drive, a townhouse complex built only a decade ago. Interestingly, this station might be subject to further delay as the proximity of the existing SRT stop makes building a new rail station here more difficult. Only when the Line 2 extension to Scarborough Centre is complete, and the SRT decommissioned, might work begin on this SmartTrack station.
Finch East
Finch East, located on the north side of Finch Avenue, offers a connection to the busy 39/199 bus service, but it is currently surrounded by single-family homes to the south (protected from redevelopment under the Official Plan) and strip malls, small office buildings, and warehouses to the east and west. There are some opportunities for redevelopment here, but these are also employment lands.
With the exception of East Harbour, where First Gulf is ambitiously pursuing a major office development, development opportunities surrounding the six proposed SmartTrack stations are limited. At most stations, however, commuters will be able to benefit from surface transit connections if train service is frequent enough to make the transfer attractive. Of course, to make this work, fare integration is crucial.
Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss have both confirmed that there will be a third series of Sherlock.
The co-creators of the show took to Twitter to reveal the news after the end of the concluding episode of Sherlock's second series, which aired tonight (January 15).
Moffat wrote: "#sherlock Yes of course there's going to be a third series - it was commissioned at the same time as the second. Gotcha!", while Gatiss tweeted: "Gotcha! And of course there'll be a third series! It was commissioned at the same time as series two!!"
Martin Freeman, who plays Dr John Watson, recently admitted that they hoped that there would be a third series.
Benedict Cumberbatch has also teased that a further run of the show could be "quite hard", given the conclusion of series two.
> Sherlock: 'The Reichenbach Fall' recap
> Sherlock Steven Moffat interview: 'Holmes might not survive'
Isaac Bacirongo was born into the BaTembo Pygmy tribe as a hunter-gatherer, ultimately becoming an activist and promoter of indigenous rights in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
Mr Bacirongo's account of their life, Still a Pygmy, is proclaimed by its publisher to be the first memoir ever published by a pygmy author.
It details the hardships faced by Mr Bacirongo throughout their life, including being imprisoned and tortured for their advocacy work.
Mr Bacirongo says he's encountered many negative perceptions about pygmies through their life.
“People talk negatively about pygmies,” they told SBS.
“Saying ‘there is no educated pygmy, all the pygmies live in the forest, they are naked, they just wear cloths', and that made me upset. So I created an organisation to defend the pygmy's rights.”
In 2003, Mr Bacirongo escaped to Australia with their wife Josephine and their 10 children as a refugee on a humanitarian visa, and settled in suburban Sydney.
Ms Bacirongo said they are proud of their husband for sharing their story and culture with the world through their book, and highlighted the contrasts between their life now and their life 15 years ago.
“When I came to Australia it was good because in my country it was war, when I came to Australia I feel happy because I have peace,” they said.
Although they have enjoyed their life in Australia, Mr Bacirongo said they have felt “excluded from the system” while living here, and went through a period of depression.
They also had an experience at a job where colleagues voiced negative stereotypes about pymgies after hearing about their background.
Still a Pygmy is co-authored by Michael Nest, who said the book dispels false narratives about the lives and culture of pygmies.
“He was an activist under a repressive regime, in the middle of a war,” they said.
“It takes a lot of courage. In our subconscious we have all these myths and stories about short people who live in wild places and pygmies fit into that and a lot of people weren't sure if there was such a thing as a pygmy.”
Mr Nest said before writing the book they were familiar with the broad history and culture of pygmies in Congo, but said they found Mr Bacirongo's story a uniquely interesting one.
“He lived through this period of upheaval in Congo,” they said. “My previous two books both focused on this period in Congo, where there was a terrible war, there was a spill-over of the genocide and civil war in Rwanda into Eastern Congo, living under a repressive dictatorship.
“His personal story brought to life and I think gives access to all of these monumental events that affected millions of people.”
Controversial Australian lawmaker Jacqui Lambie has proposed a draft law outlawing all forms of Islamic face coverings in public, levying hefty fines and jail sentences on those who compel others, especially children, to wear the attire.
The Tasmanian firebrand suggests that anyone forcing a child to wear an Islamic face covering such as a niqab should face up to a year in jail and a $68,000 (Australian) dollar fine. Compelling an adult to wear the proscribed Islamic garb, meanwhile, would be punishable by up to 6 months in prison and a $34,000 fine.
“The process will be very simple and similar to way traffic infringements are handled by police,” The Herald Sun cites the Tasmanian Senator for the Palmer United Party (PUP) as saying.
Read more:Anti-burqa protester tries to enter Australian parliament in KKK hood
They noted that there would be exemptions for a slew of non-religious reasons, adding the law would not cover those in private places of worship or at home.
“In addition the prohibition of wearing face covering material or objects does not apply if such items are authorized by law, are authorized to protect the anonymity of the person, are justified for health reasons or on professional grounds, or are part of authorized artistic or traditional festivities or events,” they added.
Citing similar justifications used to enact a 2011 ban on full facial veils in France, Lambi said the law was needed for both “basic security reasons” and to facilitate assimilation.
Read More:Burqa backtrack: Australia PM reverses parliament veil ban after public outcry
Stressing that failure to act would leave our enemies “laughing at us,” they said Australia, like France, Belgium and Turkey can also “sort this problem out.”
“All it requires is some simple legislation, some courage and pride in the Australian culture,” they added.
Constitutional lawyers have previously said such a ban would likely violate section 116 of Australia's national charter, which states: "The Commonwealth shall not make any law for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion."
Lambie, however, said the burqa is not a form of religious expression and hence to ban it would not run afoul of the constitution. "If you're talking about wearing the burqa, it's not a religious item. If you read the Koran, it's not in the Koran," the Sydney Morning Herald cites Lambie as telling reporters on their way into Parliament.
PUP leader Clive Palmer attempted to distance themselves from Lambie's controversial proposal on Tuesday, saying Lambie had yet to submit a draft bill to the party and they were thus unaware of its contents.
Lambi, no stranger to controversy, made waves in September by warning parliament that supporters of Sharia (Islamic) law are “maniacs and depraved humans” who would not stop “committing their cold blooded butchery and rapes until every woman in Australia wears a burqa and is subservient to men.”
The lawmaker, however, was later unable to define what Sharia law was in an interview, only saying it “involved terrorism” and entails a power which is “not a healthy power.”
Meanwhile, three anti-burqa activists brought the issue to a head on Monday by wearing a KKK outfit, a burqa and a motorcycle helmet while attempting to enter Australia's parliament house in Canberra.
Earlier this month, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott was forced to back down over a proposal that would have forced women wearing face veils to be separated from the public in Parliament House, after facing harsh criticism from the public and opposition parties.
What to expect with registration: Food, beverages, a chance to win one of a number of Google-centric prizes, and access to all of the sessions.
Join us for a tech & entrepreneur extravaganza hosted by a consortium of local groups. Leaders and members of NJIT, GDG North Jersey, Scarlet Startups, Brick City Tech, Code for Newark and GalleryRetail will be presenting and in attendance on the campus of NJIT. We'll kick things off as a whole group in Weston Hall with some food and drinks, followed by quick overviews of the following topics:
1) Wearable technology (Google Glass, Android Wear, Fitbits, etc.) and career tips for developers.
2) How serial entrepreneurs use technology most effectively in their everyday lives.
3) The ever-emerging entrepreneurial scene in Newark. Can Market become the next N3RD Street?? Zay, owner of GalleryRetail and Brigade Captain of Code for Newark will explain this statement.
Agenda
6:30 - 7:00 Food and networking in the Weston Hall atrium. Also make sure to get a raffle ticket.
7:00 - 7:30 Opening statements (Todd, Clark, Anthony & Zay)
7:30 - 8:30 Breakout sessions in the two rooms off of the atrium
8:45 - 9:00 Quick closing remark and prize giveaways
The breakout sessions will consist of 2 tracks, one optimized for entrepreneurs and business people, and another aimed at developers:
Developers + Techies
A handful of GDG Jedi (Todd Nakamura, Jugal Shah and Katy Kasmai) will take a dive into Wearable technology, along the way showing you some of the nuts and bolts of developing Android Wear and Google Glass enabled apps. We'll be building an app or two prior to the event, and we'll show you how the different features are enabled and controlled through live code demos.
Entrepreneurs & Other Business Folk
Clark Lagemann of Scarlet Startups (and many other ventures) and Anthony Frasier of Brick City Tech (and also many other ventures) will be showing you some of their favorite time-saving, efficiency-increasing, blood-pressure-lowering tech tips and tricks that everyone should be using in their personal and professional lives.
There are a few other surprises planned as well. It should be a fun event, and we hope you come join us and keep the community moving forward!
Speaker Profiles
Clark Lagemann: Founder of Scarlet Startups; Health Options Worldwide and MedPro Wellness
Anthony Frasier: CoFounder at the Phat Startup; Founder, Brick City Tech
Katy Kasmai, MBA: Cofounder CEO at Xocracy; Founder, UbiTech NYC; Google Glass expert
Todd Nakamura: Founder, GDG North Jersey and Nakamura Productions LLC; Mentor, TechLaunch
Jugal Shah: Technologist at Verizon; GDG North Jersey Co-organizer; Android Wear developer
Isaiah Little: Founder, GalleryRetail; Brigade Captain, Code for Newark
This week the city of Paris hosted Kanye West's highly anticipated fashion show featuring their new Fall 2012 collection. Though the “Watch The Throne” MC received a standing ovation for the star-studded event, a few honorable residents across the English Channel were not too pleased with West's recent stay in London.
According to their fellow protégée, Big Sean, West's recent visit at the Lanesborough Hotel has caused quite a stir among Royal Family guests. "We went to London and we were right next to the Buckingham Palace and the Royal Family, Big Sean revealed to UK tabloid The Sun. “There were members of the Royal Family staying below us. Kanye had rented out the top floor and we are banging that b**ch out.”
"Every room was a studio. The Royal Family below were complaining like, 'We got all this loud-a** rap music above us and weed smoke,' they continued. "They paid all this money and you don't expect to get this kind of complaints."
Outside of disturbing The Royal Family, Sean and West are currently busy wrapping up the spring release of their upcoming G.O.O.D. Music compilation, which will feature Kid Cudi, John Legend, Common, Pusha T, Mr. Hudson, among others.
PHOTOS:
Just about exactly five years ago, I wrote a goofy little program that walked through all of the CPAN and produced a CSV file telling me what was used to produce most dists. That is: it looked at the generated_by field in the META files and categorized them. Here's what the first report, from April 11, 2010, looked like:
generator | dists | authors | % ExtUtils::MakeMaker | 7864 | 2193 | 39.49% | 5273 | 2228 | 26.48% Module::Install | 3149 | 465 | 15.81% Module::Build | 3104 | 618 | 15.59% Dist::Zilla | 475 | 64 | 2.39% ExtUtils::MY_Metafile | 25 | 3 | 0.13% __OTHER__ | 20 | 8 | 0.10% software | 5 | 1 | 0.03%
Over time, I puttered around with it, but mostly I just ran it once in a while to see how things changed. (The above data is actually a truncation. The "other" category is all the generators used by fewer than 5 dists.)
Here's what the data look like for last month, only generators with at least 100 dists:
generator | dists | authors | % ExtUtils::MakeMaker | 10419 | 2997 | 34.27% Dist::Zilla | 6225 | 836 | 20.48% | 4807 | 2299 | 15.81% Module::Build | 3931 | 918 | 12.93% Module::Install | 3549 | 622 | 11.67% __OTHER__ | 792 | 189 | 2.61% Dist::Milla | 225 | 54 | 0.74% Dist::Inkt::Profile::TOBYINK | 141 | 3 | 0.46% The Hand of Barbie 1.0 | 106 | 1 | 0.35% Minilla/v2.3.0 | 104 | 55 | 0.34% Minilla/v2.1.1 | 103 | 46 | 0.34%
The program that generates this data is (now) pretty fast. It generates all the data for a minicpan in about fifteen minutes. Generating the above table takes a second or two.
Back in 2010, all the data went into a CSV file, but now it goes into an SQLite database. It's faster, easier to query, and can store a bunch of data that would've been a real drag to put into CSV. For example, there's a table that tells me prerequisites. I can write a pretty simple program to print a dependency tree. This can show you all kinds of stuff. For example, installing the should-be-lightweight Sub::Exporter ends up having to bring in Module::Build because constant , part of core, is also on CPAN. If you ever have to upgrade to the CPAN version, you'll find that it has a configure-time requirement on Module::Build, despite not really needing it.
Maybe we'll fix that in the next CPAN release, due this week...
The data generated isn't perfect, but it's still darn useful. It's very similar, in fact, to Adam Kennedy's old CPANDB library, which I used for similar things.
My code isn't on the CPAN yet, because it's sort of a mess. It was a gross hack for years and only now am I trying to make it sort of semi-reusable. Give it a try yourself! You can clone the CPAN-Metanalyzer GitHub repo, edit meta-gen.pl to point to your own repo, and have a look at the messy results.
I'll probably write more about some of the fun of implementing this in the next week or so. Until then, have fun!
Sweden is rapidly becoming known as the rape capital of the Western world.
Psychotherapist Börje Svensson has finally figured out the mystery behind the rising sexual assaults in Sweden: “The heat and the fine summer weather,” says Svensson. “I can not see it in a different way,.”
Tobias Andersson, National President of YoungSwedes, disagrees.
“By opening the gates to massive immigration from Africa and the Middle East, Swedish politicians have brought cultures and values in strict opposition to ours,” says Andersson. “Immigrants raised in societies without respect for women, who see women as possessions whose main purpose in life is to please their husband, have no place in our liberal society.”
“And we thought it might have something to do with the massive spike in refugees flooding into Sweden from countries that don't really share the same “respect” for women as the Western world,” agrees zerohedge.com.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-08-11/expert-says-rising-rapes-sweden-due-global-warming-not-soaring-muslim-immigation
http://www.breitbart.com/london/2016/08/11/swedish-prof-hot-weather-not-rapey-migrants-driving-swedens-place-as-the-rape-capital-of-the-world/
Thanks to Steven Rowlandson for this link
“When it comes to the Big Lie every now and then someone comes up with a whopper,” says Steven.
Nokia X hero apps: “hundreds of top brands” briefed in advance
There are quite a few top-level apps ready for Nokia X as it heads to launch just one week after it was introduced to the world at Mobile World Congress 2014. Speaking with Nokia VP of Developer Relations Amit Patel, it was made clear that Nokia X wasn't just any average smartphone launch. This device had Nokia speaking with hundreds of brands, early on making certain that the Android-based Nokia Store was stocked as hardware hits shelves.
Nokia is aiming to have users port their Android apps over to the Nokia Store as quick as possible. While we've yet to see if we're able to side load apps to the device, the average user will be relying on the Nokia Store for apps, top to bottom. A developer hoping to take advantage of what Nokia suggests will be a whole new market of users will have to publish updates to publish apps to both the Google Play Store and the Nokia Store separately – if that wasn't clear at the outset.
As Patel explained, “This is one of the other things we saw quite early on, with creating the developer offering. We actually thought about this – how do we want developers to maintain changes to their code? If they need to change their code, how should they do that?”
“The way that we've created our libraries and created our APIs, is, you would make those changes in-line,” noted Patel, “so you'd have your Google Play app, and in that app, lets say for the sake of argument you have a location call. A maps call. And that would be calling Google Maps. The thing that you could do is that you could go in there, and in your code you would say: ‘if I'm running on a Google device, do this.' ‘If I'm running on a Nokia device, do that.'”
“Then you just compile that, then you can publish the same APK into Google Play and the same APK into Nokia Store. One APK.”
For major brands who already have their app on several app stores – Google Play, the Amazon Appstore, and platforms other than Android, pushing an updated file to more than one source shouldn't be an issue. Nokia made an effort to target key apps before the launch of Nokia X. Hundreds of them.
“With all of our brands, with Lumia, Asha, everything, we always have this two-pronged approach, where we discuss with top brands early on enough so that they can have their apps available in our store.” Patel continued, “For example, in the keynote, we had BBM up there with us saying that they already have their app on Nokia X, and they're bringing it to Lumia as well.”
“We've worked with Microsoft on things like Skype, and we're working with a number of top foundries like EA Games and Gameloft and so on. So already before we've announced the device we've been talking with hundreds of top brands, under NDA, and those guys have published by the time we start sales. Which is next week – we'll have published hundreds of apps into our store.”
Patel suggested that Nokia had 1,500 apps submitted to the Android-based Nokia Store in the day since Nokia X was announced. If this swiftness were to continue, additions to the Nokia Store would outpace Windows Phone app submissions at a ratio of 3 to 1. Patel reminded us that Windows Phone currently has 500 apps added to its store every day.
Of course that's apps newly developed for Windows Phone compared to apps ported with Nokia's own rather simple submission portal, but still, things are looking good at the outset.
Using tax revenue from the sale of legal cannabis to fight substance abuse might seem a little ironic, but health professionals are happy to accept the money for the public good. With its new, pot-funded program that creates simulated conversations about alcohol and drug abuse, a Denver nonprofit hopes the public will be able to help itself.
Peer Assistance Services has been providing interventional services for Colorado communities battling substance abuse for over thirty years. It recently received $200,000 from the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing for its newest project, One Degree: Shift the Influence, which includes Sims-style computer exercises designed to create a role-playing atmosphere for users, simulating two lifelike situations. Each One Degree character faces relatable problems shared by demographics across the state: Donna recently went through a divorce and is using alcohol to cope with the stress and mental anguish; Jordan, a younger man, is partying too much with alcohol and cannabis to the point of struggling at work.
Users play the role of Phil, a concerned cousin of Donna's or a co-worker of Jordan's, to talk to each character about their issues. Each simulation lasts only a few minutes, and the approaches and skills in the segments can be used in conversations with an adolescent or much older adult, according to Peer. "We wanted to build a confidence about bringing up a topic that can be uncomfortable," says Peer training and consultation manager Carolyn Swenson. "It's about helping people find out what can make a conversation like this successful or unsuccessful."
Famous “Fake News” writer Paul Horner found dead outside Phoenix
Well, their first two cited “Fake News” stories may be true. Hmm. Where was Hillary's death squad this week?
From the AP: A leading purveyor of fake news in the 2016 presidential election has died outside Phoenix at the age of 38.
Maricopa County Sheriff's Office spokesperson Mark Casey said Tuesday authorities discovered Paul Horner dead in their bed on Sept. 18.
Casey said the Maricopa County medical examiner performed an autopsy which showed there were no signs of foul play. They said Horner had a history of prescription drug abuse and that “evidence at the scene suggested this could be an accidental overdose.”
Horner was known for writing false stories and disseminating internet hoaxes that often went viral on Facebook and hoodwinked thousands of people.
They included a story falsely claiming President Barack Obama was gay and a radical Muslim, and another saying protesters were being paid thousands of dollars to demonstrate at Donald Trump's campaign rallies.
Hillary Clinton Compares Trump To Putin: “Hopefully” They Haven't Ordered Killing Of Journalists
Yeah, you gotta draw the line at murdering journalists. Oh wait, does anybody else recall Hillary asking Obama, about Julian Assange, “Can't we just drone this guy?”
Blame the low Canadian dollar, the tumbling price of oil or the American housing recovery — whichever the culprit, the Alberta forestry industry is happy.
Alberta's third largest industry was hit hard by the 2008 recession, clawed its way back and then was hit with a price drop last year.
MORE ALBERTA NEWS | Minister says Springbank landowners group 'completely wrong and very overblown' on dry dam
Now the stars are aligning, with the price of spruce, pine and fir starting to rebound.
"It's really been a long haul. We had some really down years. And some really tough years. Here, we dropped to a single shift," said Ed Kulcsar, woodlands manager at Spray Lake Sawmills in Cochrane.
"And now we're back to a double shift operation. And like I said, things are looking optimistic for the future."
Strong U.S. housing market giving boost
Brock Mulligan, with the Alberta Forest Products Association, said a lot of that positive change can be linked to the housing market in the U.S., which hasn't hit historic highs but is rising from its once-calamitous lows.
It's "definitely going to be a driving factor," they said.
The recovery has been a long time coming, according to Todd Hirsch, ATB Financial's chief economist.
"There were a lot of things working against the forestry sector eight or 10 years ago. But now things are aligning in favour of the forestry sector," they said.
They cite the recovery in lumber prices and the low Canadian dollar, which makes the country's raw goods more attractive to U.S. consumers.
Hirsch also said the downturn in oil and gas means it's easier for mills to attract and keep skilled labourers without having to compete with the high wages in the energy sector.
"I think there's general optimism in the industry as we move forward," said Kulcsar. "All the indicators are trending upward. And we should be in good markets for a few years now."
Company executives who testified before Congress last September cited the growing complexity of the regulatory system and the cost to bring new ag products to market as reasons for a recent wave of mergers.
The legislation also adds new criteria to the CFIUS review process. The criteria would help to ensure proposed mergers and other transactions are reviewed for potential effects on American food and agricultural systems, as well as on the availability of and access to safe and quality food.
"Today there is not a food shortage in the world," Grassley said Tuesday during a news conference with agriculture journalists, "it is a distribution problem. Currently reviews appear more focused on the current state of the industry and not on future supply. They need to be more strategic."
In a statement, Stabenow said that protecting the integrity, safety, and resiliency of America's food system is core to the country's national security."
"As foreign entities continue their aggressive acquisitions of U.S. food and agriculture companies, it's imperative that these transactions face additional scrutiny," Stabenow said. "This bill ensures that the U.S. has the appropriate tools and people in place to safeguard America's food security, food safety, biosecurity, and the highly competitive U.S. farm sector as a whole."
The legislation is supported by the American Farm Bureau Federation and the National Farmers Union.
In February, a group of nearly 325 consumer, food, farm and anti-pesticide interest groups sent a letter to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, asking them to use antitrust laws to block the mergers. They were concerned the mergers would lead to higher food and farming costs, threaten global food security, curtail innovation, threaten the health of farmworkers and limit farmer choices.
The coalition said in the letter the mergers would translate into fewer options for farmers and raise input prices.
In other issues, ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping scheduled for April 6-7 in Florida, Grassley told reporters Tuesday he's hopeful agriculture will be part of the discussions.
"I would suggest it's very important on our products getting into China with China in the WTO (World Trade Organization)," Grassley said, "and connected to agriculture, their violations of intellectual property on our national security.
"I think it's a very, very important meeting."
Todd Neeley can be reached at todd.neeley@dtn.com
Follow them on Twitter @toddneeleyDTN
(CC/AG)
© Copyright 2017 DTN/The Progressive Farmer. All rights reserved.
NICOSIA (Reuters) - Cypriot police are questioning a 24-year-old foreigner arrested last week who may have been plotting an attack on Israeli tourists visiting the Mediterranean island, media reported on Saturday.
The man, thought to be a Swedish passport holder of Lebanese extraction, was arrested on July 7 and was being detained following remand hearings held behind closed doors, Sigma TV reported. They have not been charged with any offence.
Police spokesperson Andreas Angelides said: “We can confirm the arrest of a 24-year-old foreign national for specific, serious offences, and who is in custody by order of the court.”
Sigma TV's website reported the man had been tracking the movement of Israeli tourists on the island, while Cypriot newspaper Phileleftheros said they were attempting to pinpoint areas frequented by Israeli tourists and the busses they used.
The Jewish state's diplomats have been targeted in several countries in recent months by bombers Israel said struck on behalf of Iran and its Lebanese proxy Hezbollah.
Though Tehran has denied involvement, some analysts believe it is trying to avenge the assassination of several scientists from its controversial nuclear program, deaths the Iranians have blamed on Israel and its Western allies.
Israel linked the Cyprus arrest to the attacks on its diplomats.
“Iranian terrorism knows no borders,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement. “The international community must fight the world's biggest exporter of terror.”
Netanyahu's office described the statement as a response to the Cypriot media reports on the arrest.
A spokesperson for Netanyahu declined to provide further details on the suspect or discuss whether Israel was involved in the investigation.
TIP OFF
A Cypriot government source said the arrest took place following information from foreign intelligence agencies.
“It is not clear what, or whether there was a target in Cyprus. That is under investigation,” a senior government official told Reuters.
The suspect's reported July 5 arrival on the island also coincided with Cyprus assuming the presidency of the European Union, an event marked by the gathering of a host of EU officials and commissioners on the island.
Cyprus lies just west of Syria and Lebanon but has been largely unscathed by the violence and upheaval rattling the Middle East.
Its last major security incident was a botched car bomb attack on the Israeli embassy in the capital Nicosia in May 1988 which killed three people.
"I don't like it," Lynda Lukasik, executive director of Environment Hamilton, previously told the Spectator. "It means people can avoid appropriate behaviour by buying their way out.
"To me this is sending a mixed message. The lane should be common ground for people who have more than one person in their car.
"That's what really bugs me about it. It gives a privilege to someone who shouldn't have the privilege, just because they can afford to pay for it."
Mark Ferguson, a senior research associate with the McMaster Institute for Transportation and Logistics, said "the HOT lane idea is not new. It has been in the U.S. for a good 20 years."
They previously told the Spectator there is a different culture in the U.S. when it comes to toll roads, which has led to an estimated 500 kilometres of HOT lanes south of the border.
In the U.S. - where there are so many toll roads already - turning some highways into partial toll roads is an easier sell.
"It's interesting that we don't have more toll roads in Ontario, like other places in the world," said Ferguson.
Elliott Silverstein, manager of government relations at CAA South Central Ontario, said doing a small pilot, rather than a broad rollout, is a preferable way to introduce HOT lanes to the province.
"I think doing a small stretch of highway and use it as a pilot allows not only a chance for the government to understand the system, but motorists as well."
But the big question, they previously told the Spectator, is whether drivers will take to the idea.
"That's the question we don't know."
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
With thousands of illegal immigrant children – some of whom may belong to dangerous gangs – flooding across the border and possibly bringing contagious diseases with them, President Barack Obama on Monday vowed to change as many of the country's immigrations laws as possible on their own.
Speaking at the Rose Garden with Vice President Joe Biden behind him, Obama acknowledged the recent “surge of unaccompanied children” and said the immigration rules are so “unclear” that “folks don't know what the rules are.” They then promptly vowed to “fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own, without Congress.”
The president, who has repeatedly boasted about their “phone and a pen” strategy, said they do not like issuing executive actions but would do so anyway if Congress does not give them the bills they want.
Obama said they would begin to move “resources from our interior to our border” and ask Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and Attorney General Eric Holder to send them recommendations for additional unilateral actions that they can take before the end of summer. Obama said they would adopt their ideas “without further delay.”
As the Associated Press noted, moving resources to the border will “effectively further reduce the number of deportations in the country's interior by stressing enforcement action on individuals who are either recent unlawful border crossers or who present a national security, public safety, or border security threat.”
The White House is reportedly working on giving temporary amnesty to the parents of so-called DREAMers, easing deportations, and potentially allowing some recipients of temporary amnesty to enlist in the U.S. military with executive actions. On Friday, amnesty advocates stormed Congress, demanding deportation relief for the parents of illegal immigrant children, and Obama said in their weekly address that they will “keep taking actions on my own” if Congress does not act on amnesty legislation.
After House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) was ousted because of their support for amnesty legislation, House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) told Obama that there will not be an immigration vote this year.
Breitbart Texas's photos of illegal immigrant children being warehoused in detention facilities forced the mainstream media to cover the issue, and a recent Gallup poll found that two in three Americans disapprove of the way Obama is handling immigration right now.
This will not be the first time Obama has acted unilaterally on immigration.
In 2012, Obama, by executive fiat, enacted the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which gave temporary amnesty and work permits for two years to illegal immigrant children who met a variety of requirements.
As Breitbart News has reported, “at least 560,000 people to date have been granted temporary amnesty under the DACA program,” and that number, according to federal officials, will only increase in September, when those who were not 16 years of age in 2012 will be able to apply for initial DACA status along with current DACA recipients who will be applying for a two-year renewal.
The Obama administration recently honored ten activist DACA recipients at a “Champions of Change” White House ceremony. As Breitbart News reported, “that prompted Rep. Candice Miller (R-MI), who is the Vice Chair of the House Homeland Security Committee and Chairman of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, to say the ‘tone-deaf' event is an example of the type of messaging that is ‘fueling the unprecedented surge of immigrant children being smuggled across our southern border' by ‘flaunting the success stories of ten immigrant children who entered the U.S. illegally.'”
“How can we expect to dispel rumors throughout Central America that children who enter America illegally will be allowed to stay while simultaneously touting the success stories of a few illegal immigrant children granted de facto amnesty by the administration?” Miller said. “The sad truth is that most of the children being smuggled across the border today, in unprecedented numbers, will not have similar success stories.”
Promises of more executive actions may lure more illegal immigrant children to try to make the treacherous journey to America.
There have been at least “52,000 unaccompanied illegal immigrant minors have crossed the border since October of last year, and nearly 150,000 more may attempt to next year because they believe the Obama administration, which ignored the warning signs, will not deport them.”
As Breitbart News has reported, the Obama administration has gone on a public relations campaign in Central America to tell parents that their migrant kids will not receive amnesty. Central Americans are not buying the White House's words, as “nearly all of the illegal immigrants – many of whom have been flagging down Border Patrol agents believing they will get ‘permisos' that will allow them to indefinitely remain in the United States – who are arriving made the journey from Central America with the belief that the Obama administration will not deport them and their families if they made it across the U.S.-Mexico border.”
Biden has met with Central American leaders, and Secretary of State John Kerry will do so Tuesday. Obama wrote a letter to Members of Congress Monday asking them to help with the administration's so-called “deterrence strategy.”
At the Rose Garden, Obama claimed that their administration has sent a “clear message” to Central American migrants that they will not be able to live freely in the United States if they make it across the border. Yet Obama's vow to enact as many executive actions as they can this summer may have, at best, muddled their message even more to those in Central America thinking about making the journey to America.
The Navy Pier Ferris wheel is getting an upgrade. View Full Caption Flickr/Ben Grey
CHICAGO — The Ferris wheel at Navy Pier has a history that stretches back to the 1800s.
Well, sort of.
The Navy Pier Ferris Wheel, which will make its last spin on Sunday before being shut down and replaced, has been around since 1995. But it was inspired by the original Ferris wheel, which premiered in Chicago (yep, we had the first Ferris wheel) in 1893.
So as you get ready to say goodbye to Navy Pier's iconic Ferris wheel, read up on its history:
The original Ferris wheel at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. [Wikimedia Commons]
First Ferris wheel
The original Ferris wheel was constructed for the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. The 264-foot wheel, a main attraction at the fair, was created by engineer George Washington Gale Ferris Jr.
Ferris was born in Galesburg, Ill., but their family moved around the country and they and their wife eventually lived in Pittsburgh. Their civil engineering firm, G. W. G. Ferris & Company, had a Chicago branch, and Ferris' work in the city — namely, the Ferris wheel — is what made them famous.
Ferris sought to outdo the Eiffel Tower, the centerpiece of the 1889 World's Fair. Inspired by a call from Daniel Burnham, director of works of the 1893 exposition, to craft a "novel" and "daring" attraction, Ferris sketched the design for the Ferris wheel in a Chicago restaurant, according to the American National Biography. Ferris negotiated with the fair's organizers while their business partner, William Gronau, was responsible for the details and construction of the wheel.
The Ferris wheel had 36 cars, each of which could accommodate up to 60 people. Riders paid 50 cents for a nine-minute adventure, which ended up bringing in $726,805.50, according to a Gizmodo history. That's more than $18.8 million when adjusted for inflation.
The wheel was closed by April 1894 and dismantled. It was moved to a small amusement park in Lincoln Park in 1895, where you can see it working at the corner of Clark and Wrightwood Avenue in this video:
The wheel was at the World's Fair in St. Louis in 1904, though it didn't prove quite as popular there as it had been at the World's Columbian Exposition.
By 1906, the Ferris wheel, which was still in St. Louis, was slated for demolition. A Chicago Tribune story from the time said the Ferris wheel was "reduced to scrap heap" after it was "wrecked" by 200 pounds of dynamite.
Navy Pier's Ferris Wheel
Navy Pier added its famous Ferris wheel to the park on July 1, 1995. The Navy Pier Ferris Wheel was inspired by the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition Ferris Wheel, and, like its predecessor, it's become an icon of its park.
The Ferris wheel is 150 feet tall and has 40 gondolas that can fit up to six passengers each. More than 63,000 visitors ride the attraction every month, and the Ferris wheel celebrated its 10 millionth rider in September 2007.
Clinton Shepherd, the Pier Park operations manager for Navy Pier, set a world record by riding the Ferris wheel for 48 hours, 8 minutes and 25 seconds with no sleep May 17-19, 2013. (Though the record for "longest marathon on a fairground/theme park attraction" now belongs to Sam Clauw for a 2014 stunt in Belgium.)
The Ferris wheel also made an appearance in 2014 film "Divergent," where it was shown as a dilapidated Chicago landmark, highlighting the series' post-apocalyptic settings. It was renovated and cleaned in March 2014.
Now, Navy Pier will replace its Ferris wheel with one that's 50 feet taller for its 100th birthday. The new wheel will fit 180 passengers and will feature 12-minute rides. It's expected to open next summer.
You can head to Navy Pier on Sunday to be a part of the last group of people who get to ride the wheel. There will be free rides from 10 p.m. Saturday to 10 a.m. Sunday, with a firework show to send off the Ferris wheel at 8 p.m. Sunday.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Prosecutors at a U.N. court in The Hague have called for former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic to be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged crimes, including the massacre of over 7,000 men and boys in Srebrenica and the shelling of Sarajevo.
Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic appears in the courtroom for their appeals judgement at the International Criminal Tribunal for Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in The Hague July 11, 2013. REUTERS/Michael Kooren
Karadzic was leader of Republika Srpska, an ethnically Serb breakaway state carved out of multi-ethnic Bosnia, and prosecutors accuse them of having directed a campaign to drive ethnic Croats and Bosnian Muslims out of the country during the three-year Bosnian war, which cost up to 100,000 lives.
“Under their command and oversight, Karadzic's subordinates and those cooperating with them expelled, killed, tortured and otherwise mistreated hundreds of thousands of Muslims and Croats,” prosecutors wrote in a brief published on Friday.
“Should the Chamber find Karadzic responsible for a substantial portion of the crimes ... life imprisonment is the only appropriate sentence,” they added in the brief, filed to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Prosecutors will start their closing statements to the court on Monday. Karadzic, who is defending himself, will respond on Wednesday. Thereafter, judges will retire to decide on a verdict and a sentence.
Karadzic faces charges of genocide in connection with the killings at Srebrenica, Europe's worst massacre since World War Two, when ethnic Serb forces led the men and boys of Srebrenica out of their town and shot them in the surrounding forests.
Prosecutors also accuse them of being responsible for the shelling of Sarajevo during a siege that lasted almost four years and killed more than 5,000 civilians.
Charges were brought against them in 1995, shortly before the war's end. They were finally arrested in 2008 after years on the run in the Serbian capital Belgrade, where they had been living in disguise and working as a new-age healer.
The Bosnian war was part of a larger conflagration in which an estimated 140,000 people died as multi-ethnic Yugoslavia broke up during the 1990s into six successor states. Kosovo, formerly a Serbian province, also later declared independence.
Ratko Mladic, the Bosnian Serbs' military leader is also currently on trial at the ICTY, where they face charges of genocide and crimes against humanity. Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic also stood trial at the court but died in 2006 before their trial could be concluded.
AP Before their death from cancer this week, Hugo Chavez had been President of Venezuela since 1999.
In that time they became a divisive figure, making serious economic reforms in the country, seizing private property, and clamping down on criticism. Critics say that the Venezuela they created is simply not sustainable.
Even so, they had millions of supporters. Last year, while seriously ill from cancer, they were able to come back and win an election by a margin of 10 points, down from 25 percent in 2006.
One approval rating from last year gave them a 64 percent positive rating — 15 points higher than Obama received in the same poll.
We've selected some images that will give you a glimpse into Chavez's Venezuela — a Venezuela that could be about to change for good.
Clue is written by Paul Allor, art by Nelson Daniel and published by IDW. This book is part one of a five-part miniseries I picked up just to check more of IDW out. They also include three clues for the next book separated by different cover issues of the comic.
Clue is based on the Hasbro board game with a modern-day twist. They take all the characters we know and love from the board game and add in a flair from today generation, IE Miss Scarlet is an Aussie rapper. We are started off with a dinner party, bringing everyone together which ends in a death, bringing two detectives to the mason. As you would guess the murder mystery side from Clue takes off from here. Allor really boosts the story up with comic relief to add to the main story. The butler, Upton, shines bright and stealing the show by adding in witty comments like those picture below. Comedy really shines in this book bringing a fun murder mystery similar to the movie from the 80's.
Daniel does a great job adding to some of comic release on this book. While this art isn't groundbreaking by any means, the added case file descriptions, and panel work really brings the book together.
3.5/5 – If you love murder mystery comics with comedy, or the 80's movie, this is a great book to add to your collect. After reading the first one I will be adding this to my collection.
If you like what you see here make sure you check out my Facebook, and follow my blog. I will also be doing Extra Life this year so if you would like to donate to a good cause please do.
McDonnell withdraws from wind energy coalition
Gov. Bob McDonnell said this week that they recently withdrew their support from the Governors' Wind Energy Coalition after the group sent out a letter expressing support for a national renewable electricity standard with their name without their permission.
"They sent out a letter with my name on it that I didn't approve, never saw. That's the problem,'' McDonnell said. "Secondly, the contents of the letter said that all the governors that were signatories were supportive of a mandatory (renewable energy standard) that I am not. So that's the problem."
U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar met Atlantic Coast governors in February to talk about wind energy and McDonnell joined their wind energy consortium.
"I really want to pursue wind energy,'' McDonnell said. "I think it's a great option for us here in Virginia. We have some of the highest quality winds anywhere in the country. Virginia Beach is supportive of it. This is a tremendous opportunity for us to have -- when you get the infrastructure paid -- a no-cost source of energy but it's going to take a lot of regulatory work to get it done. I'm 100 percent behind quickly exploring the possibility of getting a wind farm off the coast of Virginia Beach."
As the United States searches for ways to lessen its dependency on foreign oil, wind energy is getting a second look in states such as Virginia that had not embraced it.
McDonnell said they support a voluntary -- not mandatory -- renewable energy standard.
"What I don't want is one, people sending out letters without my approval that say I'm supporting something that I'm not so that's the problem,'' they said. "They very apologetic. They know they did it."
Read the letter
Aron Heller, The Associated Press
JERUSALEM -- A Hamas rocket exploded Tuesday near Israel's main airport, prompting a ban on all flights from the U.S. and many from Europe and Canada as aviation authorities responded to the shock of seeing a civilian jetliner shot down over Ukraine.
Israel declared that Ben-Gurion Airport was safe and said there was no reason to "hand terror a prize" by halting flights.
The rare flight ban came as Israel grappled with news that a soldier went missing after an attack in the Gaza Strip, raising the possibility they were abducted, a scenario that could complicate intense diplomatic efforts to end the two-week conflict.
Palestinian militants have fired more than 2,000 rockets toward Israel since fighting began on July 8, but most -- including several heading toward Tel Aviv -- fell harmlessly into open areas or were shot out of the sky by the "Iron Dome" defence system, keeping Israeli casualties low.
Tuesday's rocket attack was the closest to the airport so far, said police spokesperson Luba Samri, and largely destroyed a house, slightly injuring one Israeli in the nearby Tel Aviv suburb of Yehud.
Aviation authorities reacted swiftly. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration prohibited American airlines from flying to Tel Aviv for 24 hours "due to the potentially hazardous situation created by the armed conflict in Israel and Gaza." Later, the European Aviation Safety Agency issued an advisory to airlines saying it "strongly recommends" airlines avoid the airport.
Germany's Lufthansa, Air France, Air Canada, Alitalia, Dutch KLM, Britain's easyJet, Turkish Airlines and Greece's Aegean Airlines were among those carriers cancelling flights to Tel Aviv over safety concerns amid the increasing violence.
Israeli Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz called on the U.S. aviation authority to reconsider, calling the flight ban "unnecessary" and saying Israel's Iron Dome missile defence system provided cover for civil aviation.
"Ben-Gurion Airport is safe and completely guarded and there is no reason whatsoever that American companies would stop their flights and hand terror a prize," their office said in a statement.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu raised the issue of the ban with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the Middle East on Tuesday, State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said.
"The FAA's notice was issued to protect American citizens and American carriers. The only consideration in issuing the notice was the safety and security of our citizens," Psaki said in a statement. "
International airlines and passengers have grown more anxious about safety since last week, when a Malaysia Airlines jet was shot down over Ukraine, killing all 298 people on board. While Hamas rockets aren't guided missiles, they still can cause massive damage to an aircraft. For instance, unguided mortar fire in Tripoli from a militia battling to control its international airport destroyed an Airbus A330 on the ground over the weekend.
The Tel Aviv airport is Israel's main gateway to the world and Hamas militants have said they hoped to target it to disrupt life in Israel.
Another Hamas objective was to abduct an Israeli soldier, and Israeli fears over such an occurrence were revisited Tuesday when the military announced that a soldier was missing following a deadly battle in Gaza, where the Israelis are fighting Hamas militants in the third such war in just over five years.
The military said Sgt. Oron Shaul was among seven soldiers in a vehicle that was hit by an anti-tank missile in a battle in Gaza over the weekend. The other six have been confirmed as dead, but no remains have been identified as Shaul's.
Hamas claims to have abducted them and has flaunted their name and military ID number to try to back that claim. Military officials say the soldier is almost certainly dead, but it would be a nightmare scenario for the Jewish state if even their remains were in the hands of Hamas.
Past abductions of Israeli soldiers have turned into painful drawn-out affairs and Israel has paid a heavy price in lopsided prisoner swaps to retrieve captured soldiers or remains held by its enemies. The prolonged saga of Gilad Schalit, a soldier captured by Hamas-allied militants in 2006 and held for more than five years before they were swapped for more than 1,000 Palestinians prisoners, still weighs heavily in Israel.
"We understand the terror organization is looking for some leverage and as cynical as it sounds, one type of leverage is bargaining over parts of bodies," said Lior Lotan, a reserve Israeli colonel and former head of its POW and MIA department.
Israeli airstrikes continued to pummel Gaza tunnels, rocket launchers and militants on the 15th day of the war Tuesday as diplomatic efforts intensified to end fighting that has killed at least 630 Palestinians and 29 Israelis -- 27 soldiers and two civilians.
Israel says its troops have killed hundreds of Hamas gunmen, while Gaza officials say the vast majority have been civilians, many of them children.
Israel says it is trying hard to avoid civilian casualties and blames Hamas for using civilians as "human shields."
Human rights activists say past confrontations have shown that when Israeli carries out attacks in densely populated Palestinian areas, civilian deaths are inevitable.
The Israeli military said that after a firefight with Palestinian militants on Tuesday, troops saw some Palestinian gunmen flee the scene in an ambulance.
The military said soldiers "did not target the ambulance in light of the possibility uninvolved civilians were in it."
Egypt, Israel and the U.S. back an unconditional cease-fire, to be followed by talks on a possible new border arrangement for Gaza. Israel and Egypt have severely restricted movement in and out of Gaza since Hamas seized the territory in 2007. But Hamas has rejected repeated Egyptian truce proposals.
Both U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon and Kerry were in the region to make the highest-level push yet to end the deadly conflict.
Kerry met with Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi and other senior officials in Cairo. They stopped short of advocating a new round of peace talks but left the door open for broad negotiations between Israel and Palestinian officials once a cease-fire is in place.
"Just reaching a cease-fire is clearly not enough," Kerry said. "It is imperative that there be a serious engagement, discussion, negotiation, regarding the underlying issues and addressing all the concerns that have brought us to where we are today."
El-Sissi said they raised with Ban the possibility of an international donor conference for Gaza reconstruction after a cease-fire is implemented.
The U.N. secretary-general, meanwhile, said it was their "hope and belief" that their mission would lead to an end to the fighting "in the very near future." Ban told the Security Council by videoconference from the West Bank city of Ramallah that they could not publicly reveal details "at this highly sensitive moment." As they spoke a siren could be heard in the background.
Ban earlier met with Netanyahu in Israel, where they urged a resumption of talks toward bringing about a two-state solution.
Netanyahu responded that Hamas, a group whose charter calls for the destruction of Israel, does not want a two-state solution and said the international community needed to hold Hamas accountable for the latest round of violence, saying its refusal to agree to a cease-fire had prevented an earlier end to the fighting.
"What we're seeing here with Hamas is another instance of Islamist extremism, violent extremism," Netanyahu said at a joint press conference in Tel Aviv. "What grievance can we solve with Hamas? Their grievance is that we exist. They don't want a two-state solution, they don't want any state solution."
Hamas, with backing from its allies Qatar and Turkey, says it wants guarantees on lifting the blockade before halting its fire.
Israel launched a massive air campaign on July 8 to stop relentless Hamas rocket fire into Israel, and expanded it to a ground war last week aimed at destroying tunnels the military says Hamas has constructed from Gaza into Israel for attacks against Israelis.
Israel has struck almost 3,000 sites in Gaza, killed more than 180 armed Palestinians and uncovered 66 access shafts of 23 tunnels, the military said.
Associated Press writers Ibrahim Barzak in Gaza City, Maggie Michael in Cairo, Tia Goldenberg, Ian Deitch and Yousur Alhlou in Jerusalem and Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed to this report.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The pope's imminent visit to Israel will rightly attract much attention. But two largely untold stories about global Christianity have the capacity to shake the world order.
The first is the persecution of Christians in the developing world at the hands of Islam. Boko Haram, which has kidnapped more than 250 Christian schoolgirls in Nigeria, is merely one of many Islamist groups increasingly terrorizing and killing Christians across the developing world.
According to Open Doors, a nondenominational Christian group, about 100 million Christians are being persecuted in more than 65 countries, with radical Muslims the main perpetrators in 36 of them.In Egypt, Coptic Christians have been attacked, murdered, and driven out. In December 2013, at least 1,000 Christians were killed in the Central African Republic. In February this year, jihadists bombed churches in Zanzibar as “dens of non-believers.” In March, members of Somalia's al-Shabaab militia publicly beheaded a mother of two girls and their cousin after discovering they were Christians.The same month in Nigeria, more than 150 Christians were butchered in a massacre in Kaduna; this week, hundreds died in bomb attacks in the Christian areas of the towns of Kano and Jos.In Sudan, Christians have been hacked to death for refusing to convert to Islam or burned alive inside their churches.Last week, a pregnant mother was sentenced to death there for allegedly converting to Christianity. In Eritrea, more than 3,000 Christians are in prison. In Iran, Christians are being jailed and thousands have fled. There are countless other examples.Remarkably, however, Western mainstream churches largely ignore this carnage amongst their worldwide communion.Instead, they appease Islam and vilify Israel, the one country in the Middle East where Christians are safe (but that's another story).One wonders whether the pope will speak out clearly against this Christian victimization when they meet representatives of Islam on their visit to what they call the Holy Land. They reportedly want to heal the fissure between Jews and Palestinians. Very nice; but surely their priority should be stopping the slaughter of their own flock.Yet here's the really extraordinary thing. Across the developing world, including countries where Christians are being persecuted, the churches are experiencing phenomenal growth. If trends persist, Europe's Christians will be overtaken by those in Africa, Latin America and Asia, most of the growth driven by the astounding expansion of Pentecostal, Charismatic and other evangelical churches.In their book The Next Christendom; The Coming of Global Christianity, Philip Jenkins writes that, since 1965, the Christian population of Africa has risen from a quarter of the total to about 46 percent.In Nigeria, Christian rallies draw between one and three million people. In Ethiopia, the church has some 25 million members. Churches are expanding in Niger, Burkina Faso, Toga, Benin, Sierra Leone, Senegal, Mali, Chad.In Latin America, Christian numbers have exploded; they will reach an estimated 640 million by 2025. In Rio de Janeiro, no fewer than 700 Pentecostal churches opened during a three-year period in the early 1990s. The Jotabeche Methodist Pentecostal cathedral in Santiago, Chile, can seat 18,000 people.In Iran, of all places, the churches are experiencing the fastest expansion in the world with estimated annual growth rates of more than 20 percent. According to some sources, the number of Iranian evangelicals has grown from a few hundred in 1979 to more than five million today.It's even happening in China. Mao expelled Christian missionaries and predicted that “colonialist” Christianity would disappear. Yet from a total of 900,000 then, Chinese Christians have now grown to at least 80 million.One reason for such growth is that people who have suffered from repressive regimes are turning to a religion which (thanks to its Jewish roots) underpins freedom and human rights. The more barbaric Islamic regimes become, the more people turn to Christianity. Just a few years ago Algeria, for example, had around 1,500 Christians; under its repressive Islamist government, their numbers have swelled to nearly 200,000.The striking feature of these new Christians is that, because they are evangelicals and thus take very seriously what is written in the Bible, they devoutly support Israel.Algerian Christians say they pray in secret for Israel and the Jewish people. Last year, Nigeria refused to vote automatically with the Palestinians on statehood in the UN Security Council.Westerners may feel uncomfortable about these new churches since they emphasize healing, prophecy, visions, ecstatic utterances and the supernatural. But they are amongst Israel's best friends in the world. And their amazing growth has major global implications.In the West, Christianity is in decline. Even in the US where the churches are still relatively strong, the culture war is being lost to the forces of galloping secularism. With the Islamic world exploiting this civilizational vacuum, Britain and Europe are steadily being Islamized. At same time, the developing world is becoming Christianized. The face of Christianity is thus changing color, from white to (its original) brown and black.This growth is a huge opportunity for Israel because these new Christians are free from the poisonous hostility towards it of the Western churches. Encouragingly, Israel has come to view these new allies as a strategic asset, but it needs to invest in them much more, helping improve their economies and living standards, to cement this friendship and use it to transform Israel's leverage at the UN.It's not true that time is running out for Israel. Time is running out for the West. It's not true that Israel is friendless.It has many friends. Just different ones. And it has to nurture them more carefully.This pope seems also to be a friend, apparently wanting to put relations between the Vatican and the Jewish people onto a different footing. The ugly protests at their visit from ultra-Orthodox hooligans are sickening. Let's hope Israel hugs Pope Francis close.Melanie Phillips is a columnist for The Times (UK).
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
A university student is suing Yarra Trams, alleging that they were forcibly pinned down by multiple ticket inspectors, including one who pressed their knee on to their throat to detain him.
Docklands man Cheng Liu, also known as Michael, was allegedly thrown to the ground and handcuffed by the ticket inspectors at a Swanston Street tram stop on October 30, 2013.
The 23-year-old alleges that when the inspector placed a knee across their throat, they refused to remove it. The incident was filmed by another commuter on their mobile phone, in which Mr Liu can be heard shouting that they cannot breathe. A ticket inspector asks them to stop moving.
In documents lodged in the Supreme Court on Monday, Mr Liu is suing Yarra Trams for physical force that was grossly excessive, as well as assault and battery.
Earlier, I posted a small script that lets you do Fast Fourier Transforms in Javascript. I did this in to test the waters to see if I could do the exercises for the Numeric Photography study group in Javascript.
I am well underway, now, with the first exercise/assignment. The goal is to create an image editor that lets you work on either the image or the Fourier transform of the image. I have only tested it under Safari and Firefox so far. I do intend to add excanvas into it later and test it on some other browsers.
If you are interested (and have Safari or Firefox), here is the current state.
Edit (four hours later): I have now debugged it under Firefox 3.5.2.
These are the original image, the Fourier transform in which I painted some green dots and phase-rotated the lowest-order frequencies, and the image after the inverse transform.
Several lines of evidence identify the small Dinocephalosaurus specimen in the abdominal region of LPV 30280 as an embryo of the maternal specimen. First, the embryo is completely enclosed within the body of the maternal specimen, and this excludes the possibility of superposition. The second line of evidence comes from the orientation of the embryo, with the neck pointing forward. This is evidenced by the fact that the cervical rib head of the embryo and the prezygapophyses of the dorsal vertebrae of the adult point in the same direction (Fig. 3). In aquatic amniotes, prey is usually swallowed head-first and this orientation is maintained during digestion and disarticulation13. Indeed, the partially digested perleidid fish (Fig. 3e) preserved in the abdominal region of LPV 30280 is oriented in the head-backward position. Therefore, the neck-forward position of the embryonic skeleton suggests that the included skeleton was not ingested prey, but was an embryo. Finally, we note that the embryo demonstrates the curled posture typical for vertebrate embryos. The neck of the embryo slightly curves towards the forelimbs and ribs (Fig. 3c,d), while in all other known adult specimens of Dinocephalosaurus, the neck curves towards the dorsal side26.
In all archosauromorphs and turtles, the eggshells are well calcified, though many turtle eggs are also pliable27. There is no trace of preserved eggshells near the LPV 30280 embryo, while many delicate calcareous fossils are preserved in the same horizon23. This is consistent with the eggshell morphology of extant viviparous reptiles. Although an eggshell membrane initially forms around the developing embryo in viviparous reptile species, it does not become calcified28. Altogether, these lines of evidence suggest that the embryo was likely contained in soft, uncalcified membranes, as in living viviparous reptiles, although the taphonomic absence of a calcified shell cannot be excluded.
The second line of evidence for viviparity in LPV 30280 is that the bones of the embryo are well ossified, indicating a relatively advanced embryonic stage. Living archosauromorphs, crocodilians and birds, all lay eggs very early in embryonic development, the neurulation and blastulation stages, respectively29. The tuatara and turtles lay eggs even earlier, in the gastrula stage29. Thus, it is unlikely that oviparous protorosaurs, which are archosauromorphs (Fig. 4), laid eggs with embryos in late developmental stages.
Our conclusion that Dinocephalosaurus had live birth is consistent with its functional morphology22. The anatomy of Dinocephalosaurus demonstrates that it was a fully marine reptile, representing the climax of aquatic adaptation of protorosaurs22. This is supported by the presence of hyperphalangy in the LPV 30280 specimen (Fig. 3). Further adaptations to marine living include the large paddle-like limbs and extremely elongated neck, both of which make it unlikely that Dinocephalosaurus could function comfortably on land or easily build terrestrial nests similar to those of sea turtles. Reptilian eggs cannot be incubated underwater; amniote embryos in shelled eggs must exchange respiratory gases with the environment across the eggshell, and this exchange is much slower in water than in air30. Therefore, viviparity would have been highly adaptive for Dinocephalosaurus to reproduce in the sea. We also note that the sacral ribs are separated from the sacrum in Dinocephalosaurus26, indicating a movable pelvis, a character that is interpreted as evidence for viviparity in numerous other Mesozoic marine reptiles6,7.
Although archosauromorphs originated around 260 Ma in the Late Permian18, the earliest evidence of reproductive biology in this group only came from the Early Jurassic dinosaurian embryos associated with calcified eggshells reported from South Africa20 and China21. Thus, there is a gap of roughly 70 million years between the origin of archosauromorphs and the earliest evidence of reproductive biology in this group. Now the discovery of live birth in the Middle Triassic Dinocephalosaurus fills this gap and extends the previous understanding of reproductive biology in archosauromorphs by roughly 50 million years. Our discovery is also the only information available for the reproductive biology of the stem-group archosauromorphs.
Roughly one third of extant amniote species are archosauromorphs (mostly birds). Given the phylogenetic, morphological, and ecological diversity of extant archosauromorphs—birds in particular—the absence of viviparity in this group is striking, especially when compared with lepidosauromorphs (tuatara, lizards and snakes). Multiple hypotheses have been put forward to explain the absence of viviparity in birds, including the biomechanical demands of flight, oviduct physiology and lack of the selection pressure to evolve viviparity31,32. Our discovery of a pregnant Dinocephalosaurus demonstrates that ancestrally there was no genetic or developmental impediment to evolve live birth in this diverse group. The reasons why live birth is absent in extant archosauromorphs may therefore be because of lineage specific constraints and adaptations rather than an attribute of the wider groups' underlying biology.
Sex determination in Archelosauria (turtles plus crocodilians and birds)33 is diverse, with temperature-dependent sex determination in crocodilians and some turtles, the ZW genetic system in birds and some turtles, and the XY genetic system also in some turtles34. For nearly all amniotes, the evolution of live birth is dependent on the prior evolution of genotypic sex determination (GSD), with some skinks as the notable exception35. Phylogenetic modelling (Fig. 5) using this evolutionary relationship and the presence of live birth in the new specimen shows that Dinocephalosaurus likely had GSD (0.95 posterior probability). This suggests the presence of GSD in marine protorosaurs, consistent with the hypothesis that GSD and live birth were present in early diapsid lineages, and that both features are necessary to facilitate the land-water transition in lineages of obligate marine amniotes35.
The EVGA GeForce GTX 950 features a true gaming GPU designed for every PC gamer. It's built to the exact specifications of the GeForce GTX family and powered by NVIDIA Maxwell - the most advanced GPU architecture ever created - to deliver 3x the performance of previous-generation cards. More powerful than any console, this card delivers a truly interactive, cinematic experience in the latest games with advanced effects driven by NVIDIA GameWorks and DirectX 12.The EVGA GeForce GTX 950 is now available in special low power models, but still retains all the performance intact. In fact, several of these models do not even have a 6-Pin power connector. Learn more at this page
17 Comments on EVGA Announces the GeForce GTX 950 Low Power Graphics Card
#1 rruff
Some with a slight OC are even running on slot only. No mention of how this "magic" is achieved. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 11:33 Reply
#2 chlamchowder
Aside from not requiring an additional power input (which is cool), it'd be great to see single slot cards again. It shouldn't be that hard - the 8800 GT was a 125W card and had a single slot cooler. The GTX 950 and 960 are 90W and 120W cards, respectively. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 11:42 Reply
#3 L.cc'd
Also, are there any reviews confirming that they indeed "retain all the performance intact"? So in the end, are these low-power 950s the "950 SE" that nvidia was supposed to introduce last March, as announced here ? http://www.techpowerup.com/220126/nvidia-readies-geforce-gtx-950-se-graphics-card.html Also, are there any reviews confirming that they indeed "retain all the performance intact"? Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 11:49 Reply
#4 rruff
No reviews, but the processor clocks are a little over reference so they should perform at that level anyway. GTX 950s will typically OC to ~20% performance boost over reference though, and you won't be getting that with these slot only cards.
Other reports mentioned that high efficiency VRMs were responsible for saving power. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 12:05 Reply
#5 RejZoR
Now I feel tempted to fiddle with my GTX 980 and tune it down in such a way that I'd undervolt it as much as possible without hindering its clocks much if at all. I've clocked it high and made it hotter and louder, but going the other direction should be fun as well :) Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 12:22 Reply
#6 rruff
RejZoR said: Now I feel tempted to fiddle with my GTX 980 and tune it down in such a way that I'd undervolt it as much as possible without hindering its clocks much if at all. I've clocked it high and made it hotter and louder, but going the other direction should be fun as well :) I went to undervolt my 950 but Nvidia Inspector only allows overvolting. Would I need a bios hack? I went to undervolt my 950 but Nvidia Inspector only allows overvolting. Would I need a bios hack? Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 12:32 Reply
#7 RejZoR
Yeah, Maxwell II Tweaker allows downvolting/undervolting. You just have to be careful to not go too low, otherwise you could make it unbootable and you'll have to flash it using backup card. So be careful with that. Don't touch voltages within 2D workload range and you should be fine. In that case you'll at least be able to easily use Windows and flash it, even if it can't actually run anything 3D. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 12:55 Reply
#8 rruff
So when you undervolt it drops even the idle voltage? Right now mine is running at .843v. If not then I wonder why it would fail to boot? Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 13:04 Reply
#9 TheinsanegamerN
rruff said: I went to undervolt my 950 but Nvidia Inspector only allows overvolting. Would I need a bios hack? EVGA precision x allows you to undervolt IIRC. Afterburner allows it on a card by card basis. EVGA precision x allows you to undervolt IIRC. Afterburner allows it on a card by card basis. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 13:34 Reply
#10 hojnikb
Are we gonna get a review of one of those low power 950gtx cards ? Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:00 Reply
#11 W1zzard
hojnikb said: Are we gonna get a review of one of those low power 950gtx cards ? I have the ASUS card coming in I have the ASUS card coming in Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:38 Reply
#12 rruff
TheinsanegamerN said: EVGA precision x allows you to undervolt IIRC. Afterburner allows it on a card by card basis. Thanks for the tip. I'm definitely not going to bios hack, and I may not even try new software. I was just curious. I have my card OC'd to the max (on stock voltage) and that's how I plan to keep running it. Thanks for the tip. I'm definitely not going to bios hack, and I may not even try new software. I was just curious. I have my card OC'd to the max (on stock voltage) and that's how I plan to keep running it. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:43 Reply
#13 Chloe Price
I've always thought that even 960 was fairly mid-end card when released over a year ago, and a gimped chip from it, has been the highest performance low-end card, so it should have been released without a 6-pin when the reference card came out.. but that's just my opinion. I rather get older, higher performance (and more power hungry, but I don't care about that, I just want performance) cards for the price of newer low-performance cards.
But as I said, that's just my opinion. Last time when I bought a new card, it was R9 280 because it was cheap. Otherwise I'd bought an used 7950 since it's the same card, but with a lesser warranty period. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:43 Reply
#14 rruff
9700 Pro said: it should have been released without a 6-pin when the reference card came out. Check the TPU reviews of the 950s. Power consumption is typically way over the 95W rating. Getting one to run over reference clocks with <70W is quite an achievement.
The only thing I've seen to account for it is high efficiency VRMs. I guess we will see when W1zzard tests it. Check the TPU reviews of the 950s. Power consumption is typically way over the 95W rating. Getting one to run over reference clocks with <70W is quite an achievement.The only thing I've seen to account for it is high efficiency VRMs. I guess we will see when W1zzard tests it. Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:50 Reply
#15 Chloe Price
rruff said: Check the TPU reviews of the 950s. Power consumption is typically way over the 95W rating. Getting one to run over reference clocks with <70W is quite an achievement.
The only thing I've seen to account for it is high efficiency VRMs. I guess we will see when W1zzard tests it. Damn, is that truly so? I have to admit that I don't read every review, so I understand if I am wrong. Can't they cherrypick the chips with a little leakage for low-power models or something like that? Damn, is that truly so? I have to admit that I don't read every review, so I understand if I am wrong. Can't they cherrypick the chips with a little leakage for low-power models or something like that? Posted on Apr 5th 2016, 15:53 Reply
#16 L.cc'd
Yeah, that's probably what they're doing too. Posted on Apr 6th 2016, 11:02 Reply
WASHINGTON — The United States' open channels with North Korea are for humanitarian purposes, such as negotiating the return of detained Americans, not for opening a broader dialogue under current conditions, a US official told BuzzFeed News on Monday.
R.C. Hammond, a senior State Department official, said such a dialogue would be out of the question as long as North Korea continues its pattern of "test launches, overflights, [and] threats of detonations over the Pacific."
The rare explanation of America's terms for talking to Pyongyang follows Donald Trump's extraordinary criticism on Twitter that their top diplomat, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, was “wasting their time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” the president's pet name for North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
For decades, successive US administrations have directly communicated with North Korea despite the absence of a US embassy in Pyongyang or formal diplomatic relations between the two nuclear powers. But the prevailing wisdom that North Korea's bad behavior should not be rewarded with diplomatic engagement has kept discussions about opening talks relatively secret.
That changed on Saturday when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson revealed what is commonly known among many North Korea experts: “We can talk to them, we do talk to them,” Tillerson told reporters in Beijing. “We are probing.”
For some longtime Asia scholars, the disclosure was unremarkable.
“Tillerson was likely referring to the NY channel and Track 1.5 meetings, not a secret channel,” said Bonnie Glaser, an Asia scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, referring to communications with North Korea's UN mission in New York and meetings between former US officials and North Koreans. “Media read too much into their statements.”
But Tillerson's announcement apparently caught the White House off guard and infuriated Trump “for contradicting the president's public position that now is not the time for talks,” the New York Times reported.
For weeks, Trump has threatened to “totally destroy” the Hermit Kingdom, among other bombastic threats, and Pyongyang has responded in kind, calling the president “mentally deranged.”
Amid the escalating rhetorical backdrop, North Korea's nuclear weapons program has continued to advance with its first successful launch of intercontinental ballistic missiles capable of delivering a warhead to the US mainland and its sixth test of a nuclear bomb.
Outside critics have said Trump's tweets undermined Tillerson's efforts to reach a diplomatic resolution with the North Koreans, and some have even called them to resign in protest. The State Department, meanwhile, has said the president's tweets are complementary to the secretary's efforts.
“The President's tweet represents the skepticism they have held for months towards DPRK,” said Hammond. “If they change this behavior we will consider a dialogue — in the meantime, the channels that exist are used for humanitarian communications such as releasing three Americans being held against their will.”
On Sunday, State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert tweeted that North Korea "will not obtain a nuclear capability," a claim that sparked guffaws as critics pointed to Pyongyang's well-established nuclear arsenal. A State Department official later clarified to BuzzFeed that "Heather was referring to the capability to tip a missile with a nuclear warhead," a more sophisticated and complex technological feat.
How Pyongyang might react to the confusing signals coming out of Washington is unclear. Jae H. Ku, a top Korea scholar at Johns Hopkins University, said they believe Pyongyang “sees the tweets as Americans do, an administration that is often divided and incoherent.”
“The danger lies when Pyongyang will interpret these tweets and other statements as a reflection of America's division and lack of resolve and, therefore, continue to be more aggressive in its testing of ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons,” they added.
Others have said North Koreans “probably agree” with Trump's assessment of the prospects for diplomacy.
“While pundits talk about various formulas for negotiating with Pyongyang, the North Koreans could not be clearer in their encounters with scholars and third country diplomats that they are completely uninterested in negotiating away their nuclear programs,” said Mike Green, an Asia scholar at CSIS.
In the absence of North Korea's change of heart, Green has advocated building up sanctions against Pyongyang, a strategy Trump doubled down on last month in an executive order aimed at excluding North Korea from the international banking system and crippling its shipping industry.
Sanctions have yet to prove decisive in changing North Korea's behavior, but in the absence of more attractive options, they've become America's tool of choice. Whether Trump is fed up with the old approach, or is simply bluffing about a military option, is anyone's guess.
The government has opened an against two of the biggest Indian outsourcing for possible violations of rules, according to a media report.
The Department of Labour has opened the against Tata Consultancy Services and for "possible violations of rules for visas for foreign technology workers under contracts they held with an electric utility Southern California Edison," the New York Times said.
The power company had recently laid off more than 500 technology workers amid claims that many of those laid off were made to train their replacements who were immigrants on the temporary work visas brought in by the Indian firms Senators Richard Durbin of Illinois and Jeff Sessions of Alabama announced the after they were notified by the department, the report said.
The move by the Labour Department comes days after the NYT had reported that hundreds of employees at entertainment giant were laid off and replaced with Indians holding H1-B visas.
About 250 Disney employees were told in late October last year that they would be laid off and many of their jobs were transferred to immigrants on H1-B visas brought in by an outsourcing firm based in India, the report had said.
It had also cited the layoffs at the Southern California Edison power utility, saying that the layoffs are raising new questions about how businesses and outsourcing are using the temporary visas, known as H-1B, to place immigrants in technology jobs in the United States.
The last time Teddy Bridgewater spoke to the media, they stood at the podium just outside the Minnesota Vikings new locker room following the team's first-ever preseason game at U.S. Bank Stadium.
On a day where Bridgewater made impressive plays with their arm as well as their legs in a Vikings' win, they spoke about capitalizing on opportunities because one never knows how many chances they might get. “We can't always rely on having a second chance,” they said. “We have to make sure that we maximize it and are taking advantage of every opportunity.”
Two days later, the third-year quarterback dislocated their knee in a gruesome practice injury. Ironically, he's now relying on a second chance to resume their career following a surgery that some athletes never recover from. Thursday will mark the seven-month anniversary of Bridgewater's left knee injury, but we still know very little about what kind of recovery the 24-year-old quarterback is facing and when, exactly, they might return.
The conversation reignited Tuesday as video surfaced of Bridgewater moving around and throwing a football wearing their trademark gloves and a sleeve on their left leg, matching the sleeve they were seen with several times in the Vikings locker room late in the season.
So this surfaced on Reddit today. Appears to be Teddy Bridgewater dropping back and throwing. #Vikings pic.twitter.com/KJlyUJu1BZ — Cameron DaSilva (@camdasilva) March 28, 2017
Whether this is foreshadowing for a triumphant return or merely a small step in a lengthy recovery is unknown. Having not spoken publicly, the only clues left by Bridgewater have been short video snippets like the one released Tuesday. At minimum, the videos seem to indicate that Bridgewater's career is in less danger than previously speculated.
Stories of Napoleon McCallum and Marcus Lattimore, who both suffered dislocated knees, have served as cautionary tales. McCallum, a raider fullback, was injured in 1994, when knee injuries were far tougher to rehab. They underwent six surgeries and never played in the NFL again. Lattimore, a South Carolina running back, was injured in 2012, then was drafted in 2013 by the San Francisco 49ers, but never reached a point where they could play in the league.
Thanks to the quick reaction of Vikings trainer Eric Sugarman, Bridgewater's leg — and career — were likely saved, as Mike Zimmer reiterated Wednesday at a coaches event.
Mike Zimmer said Eric Sugarman did everything right in diagnosing the injury right away, possibly saving Teddy Bridgewater's career. — Chris Tomasson (@christomasson) March 29, 2017
As far as what's been said on the record about Bridgewater's recovery, there has been a great deal of contradiction and secrecy over the past three months.
On Jan. 3, Zimmer labeled Sam Bradford as the team's starting quarterback and did not give a timetable for Bridgewater's return. “I think [Sam Bradford] has earned the right to be the starting quarterback, and right now all I'm worried about is Teddy getting better.”
On Jan. 27, Bleacher Report supposedly scooped that Bridgewater would miss the entire 2017 season because doctors had told the team the recovery would take 19 months. That report was quickly refuted, not only by the team but by Bridgewater's agent.
On Feb. 23, general manager Rick Spielman held a media luncheon where they said Bridgewater was “attacking their rehab as diligently as they can.” According to Brian Murphy of the Pioneer Press, Spielman also indicated that Bridgewater had not been able to perform football activities like dropping back in the pocket. That would seem to have changed with Tuesday's video, just over a month since that statement.
Then there's today, March 29, and Zimmer's media session at the NFC Coaches Breakfast. Per Chris Tomasson, Zimmer said Bridgewater's range of motion was improving and that they were running in a pool and beginning to work out on land. They also added that Bridgewater was spending one week per month in Minnesota to rehab the knee with the rest of their time being spent rehabbing in Miami.
Naturally, they gave no timetable on their quarterback's return.
Zimmer has leaned on ‘I don't know' as an answer many times when asked about players' injuries, most notably Adrian Peterson, who rehabbed a torn meniscus throughout last season and returned to action ahead of schedule.
While Zimmer's sleight of hand may have been intentional with Peterson, it may be more authentic with Bridgewater since their injury has very little precedent. Many dislocated knees are suffered as a result of contact or collision, which was not the case with the quarterback. Many other cases include nerve or arterial damage, which Sugarman indicated was not the case on the day of the injury.
Perhaps thanks to some good fortune and quick decision-making from medical professionals, Bridgewater is on the fast track to a quicker recovery than anticipated.
The Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list feels like Bridgewater's eventual landing spot.
But keep in mind: For Bridgewater to be ready at the start of training camp, he'd be just 11 months removed from the injury. That seems rushed, especially if the alleged 19-month recovery is anywhere near accurate. Having a healthy, capable starter in Bradford gives the team, and Bridgewater, leeway to ensure a complete recovery.
The Physically Unable to Perform (PUP) list feels like Bridgewater's eventual landing spot. PUP players must spend six mandatory weeks on the list before becoming eligible to return; then teams have five additional weeks to allow the player to begin practicing. Essentially, the Vikings could buy Bridgewater 11 weeks of rehab before making a decision. At that point, Minnesota may not need another quarterback if they still have Bradford, Taylor Heinicke and a potential veteran or rookie draft pick still on the roster. In that case, Bridgewater would likely remain PUP'd.
On the other hand, if the Vikings deal with quarterback injuries — and maybe in conjunction see their season go up in flames — a late Bridgewater return could give the organization an idea of what they have for the next season. ESPN's Ben Goessling has projected that the Vikings will pick up Bridgewater's fifth-year option in May, meaning he'd still be under contract for 2018.
To the Vikings' benefit, they're in a situation without any so-called worst-case scenarios. If Bridgewater bounces back to play this year, it would only strengthen their case as the team's quarterback of the future and endear them further to the fan base. If they need a second year of recovery, which nobody would fault them for, Bradford would take the reins for at least one more season. If Bridgewater's career were tragically over, which doesn't appear to be the case, the Vikings are in a good position to extend Bradford.
These two quarterbacks are very different (the Team Teddy vs Team Sam debates may rage for months), but they both give the Vikings a chance to win, which makes the outcome of Bridgewater's recovery — whatever it might be — more palatable.
Related
A student who posted rabidly antisemitic remarks on Facebook became the first to be expelled from the prestigious Science Po university in Paris since the institution was founded in 1872, the UK's Jewish Chronicle reported on Friday.
During an online debate with an Israeli student, Amira Jumaa, 20, wrote: “You don't belong anywhere in this world — that's why you guys are scum and rats and discriminated against wherever you are. Do not blame it on the poor Palestinians.”
In response to being accused of racism, Jumaa, a Kuwaiti, called the Israeli student a “dispersed rat,” and added, “I am not an immigrant from France. I am from Kuwait so my country can buy you and your parents and put you in ovens.”
After the antisemitism watchdog blog TheInglouriousBasterds first published their comments in October, Jumaa was suspended from Science Po, officially known as The Paris Institute of Political Studies. They were also fired from an internship at the French embassy in New York.
A disciplinary committee of professors and students at Science Po decided on Jumaa's expulsion in December but it was not widely publicized at the university. The announcement was only made via a notice posted on a university bulletin board, according to the French newspaper Nouvel Observateur, which discovered the paper and published the story this week.
This YouTube user is releasing some new videos recently about the destruction of 9/11: www.youtube.com/user/MysticalGrooveWTC
About MysticalGrooveWTC's channel
"We must speak the truth about terror. Let us never tolerate outrageous conspiracy theories concerning the attacks of September 11th - malicious lies that attempt to shift blame away from the terrorists themselves, away from the guilty. To inflame ethnic hatred is to advance the cause of terror." GW Bush
Hi I'm MysticalGrooveWTC. This is a channel mostly dedicated to my own 911 research. I've been studying the event since 2005 and have encountered serious evidence that contradicts the official story, the implications of which conclude that the twin towers could only of been brought down purposefully and primarily with the use of incendiaries and explosives, the whole thing was planned and it's a story which continues to be misunderstood and covered up/whitewashed until this day.
To all my fellow truth seeking supporters I love you all thank you for your support and keep fighting the good fight and for the real truth, let us speak and be the voices of the fallen so they can be heard.
At first blush, this sounds like a rather lofty goal for T-Mobile -- its current LTE deployment is nothing to laugh at, but the fast speeds often go away as soon as you leave metro areas. A nationwide rollout of this magnitude over a period of just 15 months is rather impressive for the fourth-largest operator in the US. At least part of this rollout will involve the minty-fresh 700MHz A-Block spectrum T-Mobile just acquired from Verizon back in January; since lower frequencies have a broader range of coverage, it's now much easier for T-Mobile to deploy LTE to the masses without incurring massive costs in the process. For anyone concerned, this expansion doesn't mean that EDGE will go away entirely (not yet, anyway), because there are still plenty of devices that rely on 2G technology. But for those of you who have an LTE smartphone or tablet, you'll soon be able to enjoy faster speeds even outside the city limits.
Loss of Shank gene prevents neuronal synapses from properly maturing.
A new study from MIT neuroscientists reveals that a gene mutation associated with autism plays a critical role in the formation and maturation of synapses — the connections that allow neurons to communicate with each other.
Many genetic variants have been linked to autism, but only a handful are potent enough to induce the disorder on their own. Among these variants, mutations in a gene called Shank3 are among the most common, occurring in about 0.5 percent of people with autism.
Scientists know that Shank3 helps cells respond to input from other neurons, but because there are two other Shank proteins, and all three can fill in for each other in certain ways, it has been difficult to determine exactly what the Shank proteins are doing.
“It's clearly regulating something in the neuron that's receiving a synaptic signal, but some people find one role and some people find another,” says Troy Littleton, a professor in the departments of Biology and of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at MIT, a member of MIT's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory, and the senior author of the study. “There's a lot of debate over what it really does at synapses.”
Key to the study is that fruit flies, which Littleton's lab uses to study synapses, have only one version of the Shank gene. By knocking out that gene, the researchers eliminated all Shank protein from the flies.
“This is the first animal where we have completely removed all Shank family proteins,” says Kathryn Harris, a Picower Institute research scientist and lead author of the paper, which appears in the May 25 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience.
Synaptic organization
Scientists already knew that the Shank proteins are scaffold proteins, meaning that they help to organize the hundreds of other proteins found in the synapse of a postsynaptic cell — a cell that receives signals from a presynaptic cell. These proteins help to coordinate the cell's response to the incoming signal.
“Shank is essentially a hub for signaling,” Harris says. “It brings in a lot of other partners and plays an organizational role at the postsynaptic membrane.”
In fruit flies lacking the Shank protein, the researchers found two dramatic effects. First, the postsynaptic cells had many fewer boutons, which are the sites where neurotransmitter release occurs. Second, many of the boutons that did form were not properly developed; that is, they were not surrounded by all of the postsynaptic proteins normally found there, which are required to respond to synaptic signals.
The researchers are now studying how this reduction in functional synapses affects the brain. Littleton suspects that the development of neural circuits could be impaired, which, if the same holds true in humans, may help explain some of the symptoms seen in autistic people.
“During critical windows of social and language learning, we reshape our connections to drive connectivity patterns that respond to rewards and language and social interactions,” they say. “If Shank is doing similar things in the mammalian brain, one could imagine potentially having those circuits form relatively normally early on, but if they fail to properly mature and form the proper number of connections, that could lead to a variety of behavioral defects.”
Pinpointing an exact link to autism symptoms would be difficult to do in fruit fly studies, however.
“Although the core molecular machines that allow neurons to communicate are highly conserved between fruit flies and humans, the anatomy of the various circuits that are formed during evolution are quite different,” Littleton says. “It's hard to jump from a synaptic defect in the fly to an autism-like phenotype because the circuits are so different.”
An unexpected link
The researchers also showed, for the first time, that loss of Shank affects a well-known set of proteins that comprise the Wnt (also known as Wingless) signaling pathway. When a Wnt protein binds to a receptor on the cell, it initiates a series of interactions that influence which genes are turned on. This, in turn, contributes to many cell processes including embryonic development, tissue regeneration, and tumor formation.
When Shank is missing from fruit flies, Wnt signaling is disrupted because the receptor that normally binds to Wnt fails to be internalized by the cell. Normally, a small segment of the activated receptor moves to the cell nucleus and influences the transcription of genes that promote maturation of synapses. Without Shank, Wnt signaling is impaired and the synapses do not fully mature.
“The Shank protein and the Wnt protein family are thought to be involved in autism independently, but the fact that this study discovered that Wnt and Shank are interacting brings the story into better focus,” says Bryan Stewart, a professor of cell and systems biology at the University of Toronto, who was not involved in the research. “Now we can look and see if those interactions between Wnt and Shank are potentially responsible for their role in autism.”
The finding raises the possibility of treating autism with drugs that promote Wnt signaling, if the same connection is found in humans.
“Because the link to Wnt signaling is new and hasn't been picked up in mammalian studies, we really hope that that can inspire people to look for a connection to Wnt signaling in mammalian models, and maybe that can offer another avenue for how loss of Shank could be counteracted,” Harris says.
The research was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the Simons Center for the Social Brain at MIT.
Adam Levitin is a professor of law at Georgetown specializing in banking, bankruptcy, and commercial law. They also contribute to a blog called Credit Slips, which describes itself thusly:
A blog on all things about credit, bankruptcy, consumers, and financial institutions. We are nine academics who will use this space to discuss and debate issues not just for specialists but for anyone who cares about creating good policies in these areas.
Levitin – who, by way of full disclosure, was a student of Elizabeth Warren's at Harvard and later worked with them on the Congressional Oversight Panel that oversaw the TARP bailout – points out that Scott Brown's recently-disclosed details on their work as a real estate attorney included some work for some pretty unsavory characters.
Their clients included local banks as well as some “mortgage companies,” including some that are no longer in business, as well as Fidelity National and First American, two large real estate services companies that provide a range of services, including relating to foreclosure. Fidelity National, is also the former parent of LPS, which owned DocX, the document forgery firm featured on 60 Minutes and home of the Robosign. LPS is under a consent order with the Federal Reserve Board for its servicing activities, and DocX was criminally indicted by Missouri (and subsequently settled). Brown was doing work for Fidelity National when it still owned LPS. It's not clear exactly what Brown was doing for these clients–title work sounds innocent and boring enough, and Brown certainly isn't responsible for all of their clients' misdeeds. But at the very least, Brown's association raises a host of questions. Who were those “mortgage companies” that they worked for? … How many predatory loans did Scott Brown facilitate? How many of the loans where they handled the closing resulted in foreclosure? What would they say to those families that lost their homes to predatory loans? I suspect that Brown's reply to these questions would be “Aw shucks, I'm just a guy with a pickup truck with 238,000 miles on it who was helping people out by doing the paperwork on their real estate closings.” That's not good enough. Either Brown was so inept that they didn't see that the loans they were closing were becoming untenable or Brown saw the problem and didn't do anything.
This isn't a “gotcha,” exactly, as Levitin points out, but it does raise questions that should be answered.
Obviously as a legal matter, the attorney handling a real estate closing has no duty to shield people from making a bad business decision (particularly if he's representing the bank). But there's a character and ethics issue here. In the first Massachusetts Senatorial debate, Brown said that they think character is an issue and that it is the litmus test for being a Senator. Mere compliance with the law isn't always a passing grade on character. I'd certainly like to know more about their real estate practice before concluding that he's passed their own test.
DHS Secretary John Kelly fended off politicians' demands for more imported H-2B workers on Tuesday, telling a Democratic Senator that the administration favors jobs for Americans, not for foreign contract-workers.
“I know we already have large numbers [of contract workers] that come in and have been coming in over the years, but … in the current administration, this is all about American jobs versus people that come in and do the work,” Kelly told Sen. Heidi Heitkamp from Dakota.
Heitkamp had asked Kelly to accelerate the approval of H-2B contact-workers sought by employers in North Dakota, even though millions of Americans are either unemployed or have fallen out of the low-wage workforce.
Each year, the government allows companies to import roughly 100,000 H-2B workers for blue-collar jobs, such as landscaping and resorts, along with roughly 900,000 H-1B, H-2A, J-1, OPT and other contract workers for a myriad professional and blue-collar jobs. The program is unpopular among voters because it reduces wages for seasonal and full-year employees, but is being pushed by the GOP congressional leadership and their donors. The May budget deal asks Kelly to authorize an extra 70,000 H-2B visas, but Kelly is signaling their reluctance to import the foreign workers.
Each year, 4 million young Americans join the workforce, but the federal government imports 1 million legal immigrants and roughly 1 million contract workers, so forcing down average wages and boosting overall consumption.
In response to Kelly, Heitkamp asked for visas to import foreign doctors for North Dakota towns. Nationwide, there's a shortage of doctors outside the main cities partly because the federal government constricts the number of training slots for students at American hospitals. “It's extraordinarily difficult to recruit physicians to my state,” they said. Many foreign doctors use the J-1 Visa to gain residency in the United States, sharply reducing the number of doctors in their homelands.
Kelly's pro-American statement was only one of the several dramatic moments at a Tuesday hearing before the Senate committee on homeland defense.
On Haitian refugees, Kelly suggested they would cancel residency permits for 50,000 Haitians and perhaps 250,000 other foreigners living with “Temporary Protected Status” in the United States after the fled various manmade and natural disasters in their homelands. Kelly told Republican Sen. Jame Lankford, from Oklahoma:
Some of the Central Americans have been on status over 20 years, and they were put on status because of a hurricane that happened over 20 years ago. I can tell you that things are going better in Central America, much, much better over the last 20 years, in many ways better. But, no one's ever looked at it [whether that status should end]. And I think that's something — we have to do that. It's the law.
Crucially, Kelly also argued that the return of U.S.-based Haitians would be a huge gain for their poor homeland.
I was down in Haiti last week, spoke with the leadership. I said, “During the six months, you, Haiti, need to start thinking about travel documents and how you're going to bring these people,” who, by the way, are generally better educated, entrepreneurial, would be, I think, a boost to the Haitian economy in social function…
“But at the end of it, the word is ‘temporary' …. unless you change that to ‘permanent,'” they told Lankford.
Kelly also pushed for a national solution to the expanding problem of drug addiction, noting that they can only interdict the flow of drugs demanded by Americans. “If we don't reduce the drug demand in the United States for heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine, this is all a complete waste of time,” they told Delaware Democratic Sen. Tom Carper.
The bad news for Mexico and the southwest border is, largely because of our drug demand, an incredibly efficient network has developed that stretches, frankly, from around the world, goes through the Western Hemisphere, Caribbean, up the Central American isthmus, Mexico, into the United States… But you know sir, senator, it really is all about demand reduction. We will always have addicts. Studies tell you that you know, there's — any population, ours included, there's certain people predisposed to being addicted to something. But an awful lot of these people, from my personal experience as a kid, an awful lot of people start doing drugs because its cool, there's no argument against it, and suddenly they're — they're hooked on something, fill in the blanks, and they can't get away from it. We …. have talked about this issue of how we have managed to convince people over the years, seatbelts, smoking, a lot of different things. You never get to zero, but we could do a lot better. The president has — has got DHS, State, HHS in the lead, ONDCP [Office of National Drug Control Policy]. So if we could get a comprehensive drug demand strategy put together that just — it's not law enforcement, it's Hollywood, it's professional sports, college sports, the president of the United States, the Senate, everyone out there, the influencers, we can solve this problem. Or reduce this problem significantly … it's a holistic thing and it's not just a CBP guy on the border.
They told GOP Sen. Steve Daines from Montana that restrictions on precursor drugs are a primary strategy:
We've got to take a much more holistic approach to this [drug problem], demand reduction, rehabilitation. Certainly law enforcement plays a role in the homeland. The southwest border plays a role. Our partnership with Mexico — and here I think it gets more and more important. Our partnership with Mexico, to use the example of heroin and meth as you — as you say. They're cooperative with us. Just recently, within the last 60 days, they destroyed two massive methamphetamine labs. … the United States Congress passed legislation, I don't know, 10 years ago, something like that, and restricted the — the precursor chemicals, the availability of the precursor chemicals to make meth … and the cartels, as they have become more and more successful and sophisticated said … “The United States wants to try to kill themselves with methamphetamine, heck, we can do it for them.” … Congressional action in terms of restricting the precursors … that's — that's primarily, in my view, the solution to the problem.
Read more about the H-2B outsourcing program here.
Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com
20th Century Fox has had a Deadpool movie in limbo for years. It has a script (which is supposedly fantastic), it has a star in Ryan Reynolds (who played the character in the ill-conceived X-Men Origins: Wolverine), and it has a director, newcomer Tim Miller.
Unfortunately the R-rated project has been too big a risk for the studio to greenlight, so the script has been sitting on a shelf, just begging to get made. At Comic-Con last year, comics writer Rob Liefeld talked about some test footage that had been shot in 2012 showing off the kind of visual aesthetic the film would use, as well as its unique brand of humor, and now that footage has finally leaked online.
The footage looks absolutely incredible, and just proves that there's a great Deadpool movie out there. The fans want it. The talent and crew want to make it. Now the studio needs to just jump on board and take a chance with what could easily be one of the most refreshing, unique comic book films we've seen.
Check out the footage below, which features some voice work from Reynolds, and let us know what you think in the comments section. But move fast, we can't imagine this will stay online long…
UPDATE: THE LEAKED FOOTAGE IS GONE, BUT YOU CAN WATCH IT IN CRYSTAL CLEAR HD QUALITY HERE!
NCDC published the famous graph below, which has fooled millions of people into believing that 2012 was the hottest year ever in the US, and that the US is rapidly warming. Only problem is – NCDC's own thermometer data shows that the US has been cooling, and that 2012 was second warmest after 1921.
Climate at a Glance | Time Series
The graph below shows the average of all of the daily min-max measured temperature data which NCDC uses. Note that the US has been cooling since 1895, and 2012 was slightly cooler than 1921.
Index of /pub/data/ghcn/daily/hcn/
The animation below switches between the measured data, and the published temperatures.
The way they created the fake warming trend was by warming the present, and massively cooling the past.
NCDC does not put any warnings or disclaimers on their graphs indicating that they are not showing the measured thermometer data, or that the data has been altered to turn a cooling trend into a warming trend.
Advertisements
Canada's economy was battered in 2015, with the dollar losing 16 percent of its value against the United States currency and the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) down 11 percent. With the arrival of the new year, Canadians face higher food and restaurant prices with the bite of a slumping dollar. (Photo illustration by Matt Cardy/Getty Images) (Photo: Getty Images)
Canada's economy was battered in 2015, with the dollar losing 16 percent of its value against the United States currency and the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSE) down 11 percent.
With the arrival of the new year, Canadians face higher food and restaurant prices with the bite of a slumping dollar.
There was no joy in Canada's resource rich oil patches, primarily Alberta where 63,500 jobs were lost in the first eight months of the year while the average weekly pay fell 2.6 percent to $1,129 (Canadian).
The drop in oil and commodity prices hit the dollar hard as it fell to 72 U.S. cents while pushing the U.S. dollar to near $1.40 Canadian.
BMO economist Doug Porter said the "carnage" led to the third-worst year since 1992 when the buck fell by 9 percent.
The TSE's composite index ended the year at 13,009 points, compared with 14,632 a year ago and the worst since 2011.
The dollar's fall has led to higher food costs since 81 percent of all vegetables and fruit consumed in Canada are imported.
University of Guelph's Food Institute estimates the average Canadian household spent an additional $325 on food in 2015 and can expect to pay about $345 more this year.
---
The Canadian government is on target to resettle 10,000 Syrian refugees in Canada by mid-January.
Immigration Minister John McCallum said the government has "largely" met its election promise to bring that number of refugees to Canada by the end of 2015.
The timing was a little too optimistic, with McCallum extending that pledge by two weeks and restating a goal of having 25,000 refugees here by the end of February, and up to 50,000 in 2016.
So far, 6,000 newcomers have arrived of the 10,700 processed and approved, they added.
---
News in brief:
- While Christmas was a green one, residents of southern Ontario eastward soon after endured freezing rain and wet snow, with a couple of inches in Toronto to 16 inches of snow falling in Montreal. A winter storm dumped 10 inches of snow in mainland Nova Scotia and southeastern New Brunswick, with about six inches in northern New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island and Cape Breton.
- Natural Resources monitors said an earthquake on Tuesday night in British Columbia measured 4.3 but didn't cause any injuries, serious damage or spawn a tsunami. The quake was centered about 12 miles north of Victoria and felt across much of the southern part of the province.
---
NEWSLETTERS Get the Climate Point: California newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong An occasional email with a California focus on water, energy and climate change, curated by reporter Janet Wilson. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-834-6052. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Climate Point: California Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Facts and figures:
The Canadian dollar is steady at 72.18 cents U.S. while the U.S. dollar returns $1.385 in Canadian funds, before bank and credit card exchange fees.
The Bank of Canada's key interest rate remains at 0.5 percent while the prime-lending rate is 2.7 percent.
Markets are mixed, with the Toronto Stock Exchange index down at 13,009 points and the TSX Venture index higher at 525 points.
The average price of gas is lower at 98.38 cents a liter nationally or $3.73 (Canadian) for a U.S. gallon.
Lotto 6/49: (Dec. 30) 17, 19, 21, 30, 39 and 44; bonus 16. (Dec. 26) 12, 16, 22, 29, 35 and 40; bonus 8. (Dec. 23) 5, 9, 17, 31, 38 and 46; bonus 10. Lotto Max: (Dec. 25) 5, 8, 9, 12, 22, 39 and 45; bonus 38.
---
Regional briefs:
- Twenty-one people were injured by severe turbulence on a Toronto-bound Air Canada flight that was diverted to Calgary. The injuries ranged from minor sprains to serious chest and neck trauma on the flight from Shanghai. The pilot warned passengers to buckle up and many of those who were injured hadn't done so when the Boeing 777 went into a sudden descent.
- The "polar bears" were out in big numbers across Canada, taking a plunge into icy waters on New Year's Day. There were 1,000 people at the Courage Polar Bear Dip in Lake Ontario at Oakville. The fun tradition ranged from 10 hearty souls braving freezing temperatures to leap off a snow-covered wharf into the Atlantic in Portugal Cove, Newfoundland to 2,500 members of the oldest club founded in 1920 plunging in Vancouver.
Buy Photo Jim Fox. (Photo: The Desert Sun file photo)
Jim Fox can be reached at canadareport@hotmail.com.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/1OzO79M
Canadian Tire is accusing Walmart of stealing part of Christmas — the design of its traditional decorative lights.
The retailer alleges its American rival is undercutting its "unique" made-in-Canada design for clip-on Christmas lights by selling imported knock-off devices that "deceive consumers" with "inferior workmanship" and infringe on intellectual property.
In a lawsuit filed in Federal Court, Canadian Tire asks for an injunction barring Walmart Canada from selling the Holiday Time-brand Christmas lights and seeks at least $500,000 in penalties, plus lost sales.
"The defendants are trying to obtain a marketing 'free ride' to create instant demand for and sales of their products, while avoiding product design and advertising costs," says Canadian Tire's statement of claim.
The claim, which contains unproven allegations that have yet to be tested in court, affirms that Canadian Tire developed its "unique" Noma-brand Christmas lights in 2013, featuring an "innovative and distinctive design" that allows them to be clipped onto trees, eaves, shingles and railings.
"The plaintiff has enjoyed significant success with its Quick-Clip holiday light socket and clip products, particularly during the Christmas and holiday periods in both 2013 and 2014," the lawsuit says.
"The defendants have acted opportunistically and attempted to capitalize on the significant goodwill and reputation in and to the plaintiff's successful Quick-Clip lights."
Canadian Tire sells a 25-pack of its Noma-brand clip-on holiday lights for $25, while Walmart sells a pack of 25 Holiday Time clip-on Christmas lights for $21.
The lawsuit says the Holiday Time lights copy the design and look of Canadian Tire's Noma lights.
The claim even alleges that the packaging on the lights sold at Walmart uses a photo of Canadian Tire's Noma lights, misrepresenting what's actually in the box — which it derides as "made of lightweight plastic and … produced by inferior workmanship."
Canadian Tire registered an industrial design for its Christmas lights in July and applied for a trademark for the phrase "Quick-Clip" in October, weeks before filing its lawsuit against Walmart and two Taiwanese companies.
Both Canadian Tire and Walmart Canada said they would not comment on the lawsuit because it is before the courts. Walmart Canada has yet to file a statement of defence.
The lawsuit was first reported by the Financial Post.
CLEVELAND, OH - SEPTEMBER 10: Head coach Hue Jackson of the Cleveland Browns reacts to a call during the second half against the Pittsburgh Steelers at FirstEnergy Stadium on September 10, 2017 in Cleveland, Ohio. The Steelers defeated the Browns 21-18. (Photo by Jason Miller/Getty Images)
Hue Jackson can't win a game, but managed to secure a victory in the blame game with the Cleveland Browns for the second year in a row, now getting Sashi Brown fired.
Jimmy Haslam has decided to fire Executive Vice President of Operations Sashi Brown after a year of turmoil between them and head coach Hue Jackson. According to a report by Mary Kay Cabot, the two hadn't been on speaking terms for basically a month, which tracks back to the A.J. McCarron debacle.
Any number of national outlets are reporting that Haslam has been looking into finding a general manager to replace Brown for weeks. This also likely coincides with the failed McCarron trade.
Basically, Brown was fired for saving the team from giving up a second and third round pick for a journeyman quarterback, all while being asked to believe that the coach, the only connection to McCarron, wasn't behind it.
Much of this year, Jackson has struggled to hide their contempt for Brown in public while “sources” that all logically trace back to Jackson have been crushing Brown in behind the scenes Jackson would have people believe that leaks aren't who they are and that the Browns organization is where the leaks come from.
Jackson, not done yet, also tried to make the case that they didn't hire an offensive coordinator because the offense wasn't good enough and didn't want that newly hired coordinator taking the blame for it. This assumes that people fail to realize that coaching hires are done before free agency and the draft, while also telling the locker room that can listen to or read these comments, they aren't good enough. Well played.
So Jackson is now hanging a carrot out there that he'll hire an offensive coordinator, something they needed to do two years ago. And while people may think this could lead to an inspired hire and really make the offense better, bringing in a new face to add to this team, Jackson isn't that progressive and will instead recycle the 70-year old Al Saunders, the current wide receivers coach and Jackson's former offensive coordinator when they were the head coach of the Oakland Raiders.
Jackson has a bad habit of never thinking ahead and doing everything in the moment. They never thinks ahead, so he's taking a flamethrower to everyone in the organization, players, ownership and everyone else, while humbly suggesting they need to do a better job.
You're 1-27, Hue. Are you sure this isn't working yet?
Let's assume that Hue was willing to reach out to a young play caller or a great general manager. He's got a track record for torching anyone they don't like, so now he's going try to tell them…well, I won't do that to you. This is exactly what got them fired from Oakland when they were 8-8, so he's going to be stuck with Saunders.
Last year, Jackson put the blame on Ray Horton after going 1-15. Horton did a better job with their side of the ball than Jackson did with his, but Horton was fired and Gregg Williams was brought in to replace him.
This year, Jackson is trying to make the case that Sashi Brown and company couldn't give them enough players to win. Evidently, adding players like Myles Garrett, Emmanuel Ogbah, Larry Ogunjobi, Derrick Kindred, Corey Coleman, David Njoku, Shon Coleman, J.C. Tretter, Kevin Zeitler, Briean Boddy-Calhoun, Jason McCourty, Jamar Taylor and Jamie Collins just aren't good enough to get one win this season.
Hue Jackson is fantastic at blaming people. He's just not good at winning football games, having just one so far in 28 tries. This is a worse mark than the John McKay led Tampa Bay Buccaneers when they were an expansion team that predated free agency. Firing Sashi Brown is questionable enough, but retaining Hue Jackson potentially for another season is the type of unmitigated disaster that will be its own chapter in Cleveland Browns lore.
Friday's two races at Monmouth Park mark the beginning of a busy and exciting summer season of steeplechase racing that also features a revised and expanded program of jump racing at historic Saratoga Race Course.
The races at Monmouth are the first at New Jersey's gem on the Atlantic shore since 2010. The first race is a $25,000 Sport of Kings maiden hurdle and the third race is an $30,000 optional allowance claiming hurdle. Both races feature full fields. First post time is 12:50 p.m.
The action then shifts to Pennsylvania for an afternoon of jump racing at Parx Racing in suburban Philadelphia on Tuesday, July 1. Scheduled for the Parx program are a $30,000 optional allowance claiming hurdle and a $25,000 Sport of Kings maiden hurdle, which may be split into two divisions if a sufficient number of horses are entered.
Saratoga will feature 11 steeplechase races, with one race each Thursday and a race on most Wednesdays of the 40-day season. Purses total $875,000, compared with last year's $745,000.
Saratoga marked its 150th birthday last year, and this is the 150th anniversary of steeplechase racing at the Saratoga Springs, N.Y., landmark. The first day of the brand-new Saratoga Association race meet in 1864 was a steeplechase race, over hurdles on the main track.
That race, won by Garryowen, was described by the Daily Saratogian as the most popular race of the meet. The tradition of popular steeplechase racing at America's premier race track continues to today. Highlighting the 2014 schedule is the $150,000 New York Turf Writers Cup on Thursday, Aug. 21. The New York Turf Writers will be run this year in memory of Thomas H. Voss, the popular Maryland horseman who died in January.
Saratoga's other Grade 1 steeplechase race, the A. P. Smithwick Memorial, will be run three weeks earlier, on July 31.
Steeplechasing's rising stars in the novice division are featured in the $75,000 Jonathan Kiser Novice Stakes on July 24 and the $75,000 Michael G. Walsh Novice Stakes on Aug. 14. Fillies and mares are featured in the $75,000 Mrs. Ogden Phipps on Aug. 7 and the $75,000 Mrs. Walter M. Jeffords on Aug. 28.
The action begins on Wednesday, July 23, with a $65,000 allowance hurdle. A $65,000 optional allowance claiming hurdle is on the schedule for Wednesday, July 30. Allowance hurdles are slated for Wednesday, Aug. 6 and Wednesday, Aug. 27. A $65,000 optional allowance claiming hurdle will be run on Wednesday, Aug. 20.
Here is the schedule of Saratoga jump racing:
Date Race
Wednesday, July 23 $65,000 allowance hurdle
Thursday, July 24 $75,000 Jonathan Kiser Novice Stakes
Wednesday, July 30 $65,000 allowance optional claiming hurdle
Thursday, July 31 $100,000 A. P. Smithwick Memorial (Gr. 1)
Wednesay, Aug. 6 $65,000 allowance hurdle
Thursday, Aug. 7 $75,000 Mrs. Ogden Phipps Stakes
Thursday, Aug. 14 $75,000 Michael G. Walsh Novice Stakes
Wednesday, Aug. 20 $65,000 allowance optional claiming hurdle
Thursday, Aug. 21 $150,000 New York Turf Writers Cup (Gr. 1)
Wednesday, Aug. 27 $65,000 allowance hurdle
Thursday, Aug. 28 $75,000 Mrs. Walter M. Jeffords Stakes
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - An 8-year-old boy was grazed by a bullet after, police said, shots were fired outside their Miami Springs apartment, early Saturday morning, hours before a man was found shot dead inside a car at the same complex.
The victim's family confirmed the child, Marquen Frierson, is the cousin of King Carter, a boy who succumbed to gun violence outside their Northwest Miami-Dade last year.
“I just thank God my baby is still here with me,” said the child's mother, Moeaiquena Frierson, as they wiped away tears.
“I'm just glad I survived,” said Marquen as they lay under a blanket in the living room couch, hours after returning home from the hospital.
Miami Gardens Police responded to the scene of Saturday's shooting at The Oaks at Miami Gardens complex, located along Northwest 25th Avenue, near 176th Terrace.
Moeaiquena told 7News their son was watching TV on their laptop when gunshots erupted outside of their unit. They said bullets came through the balcony door, grazed them and broke the laptop screen. “He was like, ‘I was shot, I was shot!'” they said.
“I was watching TV, and that's when we saw smoke, and that's when we heard gunshots, and that's when I got shot.” said Marquen.
Bullet fragments remain lodged in the 8-year-old's body. Their legs were also cut by broken glass.
Marquen was rushed to the hospital, but the X-ray showed no serious damage. “It hurt a lot. It's OK. I feel better now,” they said, “but I just feel like I've got a broken bone inside of me.”
Hours later, police returned to The Oaks, this time to conduct a death investigation. Officers blocked off the entrance to the complex after, officials said, one man was found dead in a car.
Investigators said the victim was shot in the passenger seat of the vehicle near Northwest 183rd Street and Seventh Avenue. They then drove to The Oaks.
Witness Terrance Byrd said they heard screams. “I'm trying to do my job, and then I heard a girl screaming, talking about, ‘Oh, there's a body over here” and stuff,” they said.
Rescue crews responded and pronounced the victim dead.
7News cameras captured a visibly distraught woman talking with an officer at the scene.
While Marquen waits for the bullet fragments to come out on their own, their mother is waiting to the violence that sent their son to the hospital and claimed the life of their cousin to stop.
Police said King Carter was killed by a stray bullet in broad daylight outside their Northwest Miami-Dade home, on Feb. 20, 2016. They were only 6 years old.
As the search for the shooter or shooters in Saturday morning's incident continues, Moeaiquena said enough is enough. “It's not safe for my baby to be in their house, watching TV on their laptop,” they said. “In their own house. I'm on the third floor. I just thank God my baby's OK.”
If you have any information on either of these investigations, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
I've been working on a few different posts at the same time, but in the midst of typing out a review of a BB cushion, I realized that I've never reviewed the Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream, despite it being a daily staple, and as close as I've come to finding an HG status BB cream. So I had to pause and write this review because I feel that any future BB cream reviews I write will refer to this one as the gold standard.
I've been using the Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream SPF25 PA++ (whew, that's a mouthful) for almost a year. I'm still on the same 45ml bottle, because you only need a tiny amount at a time, and I don't wear makeup every day (only when I want to look human and not like a mom-zombie).
Shade Range
My skin is currently in its summer-tan mode. And while I love my bronzed summer glow, unfortunately most Korean BB creams are too light for me right now. Fortunately, Missha's US online store has a darker shade, #27 Honey Beige. I wish Korean retailers would be a little better about providing a wide range of shades, as even with the added #27, the shade range is still very narrow.
The #27 is a medium golden shade. My inner arm is similar in tone to my face, which is currently about an NC25 in MAC shades.
Here's the #27 (top) contrasted with the #23 (bottom) on my arm. As you can see, the #27 is significantly more yellow-orange. I can look a bit Oompa-Loopa-ish if I just use the #27, so I mix the two shades to get a slightly more neutral tone.
Shade #27 can be bought on Missha US's official site, though it's generally not available from Korean retailers and resellers (like Jolse.com or Roseroseshop.com).
Product Performance
I unreservedly love the Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream. From the first day I started using it, I started getting compliments on how my skin was “glowing” and “so smooth”, even though I still had (and have) some post-acne hyperpigmentation, sun damage, and the occasional pimple. It looks like my skin, just better. When I wear it, my skin looks smoother, firmer, plumper, more finely textured, and just all round healthier.
It's honestly a strange feeling to have people compliment my skin, because I've struggled with my skin for so many years (since college, and I'm now 33!). Since I started following the Korean skincare routine and using Asian skincare products, my skin has gotten so much better, and the Missha Signature BB Cream just gives it that extra luminosity and glow.
On the left is with bare skin, and on the right is with Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream (and a bit of eyeliner).
I had tried the Missha M Perfect Cover BB Cream, which is super popular, but it irritated my skin and led to breakouts. I have had no such problems with the Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream. When I went to a Missha store in Toronto, the sales assistant told me that the Signature BB Cream is better than the Perfect Cover for people with sensitive skin.
The finish is quite dewy, but very natural, and you can always take the shine down with a mattifying powder. Coverage is medium, and I'd say it's not terribly buildable, so if you want to fully cover any blemishes you'll have to use concealer. It does a fine job of evening out skin tone and minimizing small imperfections. However, even if I had NO blemishes and no pigmentation to cover up, I would still put on this BB cream because it makes my skin look so much more alive. It's ALIVE!!!
Longevity is pretty good for a BB cream, and although it does fade by the end of the day, it does so very naturally without looking patchy. It doesn't cling to dry patches, or settle in fine lines, as far as I can tell.
Ingredient Notes:
The full ingredient list is on the official Missha US site. Now I have to admit to being a bit confused by this ingredient list. The BB cream claims to have SPF25 PA++, but I cannot find any sunscreen filters in the ingredient list. However, I have come across other ingredient lists from unofficial sources that include zinc oxide and titanium dioxide as sunscreen filters. I'm not sure if those unofficial ingredient lists are from an older version. It's best to use a separate sunscreen anyway, to ensure you're getting adequate protection, and doubly so in this case.
UPDATE: I emailed Missha to request information about the sunscreen filters, and I received this (oddly precise) email:
Dear Valued Customer, Thank you for your inquiry. This product includes the following UV protecting ingredient Titanium Dioxide 7.71800000 UV Blocking
Zinc Oxide 3.84000000 UV Blocking Thank you. Regards,
Missha US
Looks like only physical sunscreen filters are used in this BB cream, which may account for how much more gentle it is to my skin than other BB creams have been.
Bottom Line:
I love the Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream. I don't ever want to be without it. I enjoy using BB cushions as well (I'm loving the Laneige BB Cushion from Target, review to come), but I'll always come back to the Signature BB Cream.
And although it's slightly more pricey than BB creams that you would find from lower-end brands, I think the price is quite reasonable at $29.00 considering one tube has lasted me an entire year. And considering the quality of the product.
Buy it at:
Take advantage of the awesome semi-annual sale that Missha US is having right now — 40% off everything until 7/6! And while you're at it, pick up their Green Tea Lip and Eye Remover because it is awe.some.
Missha US Official Store: $29.00 but on sale for $17.40 right now!
I purchased this product with my own money and I have not received any compensation for this post. There are no affiliate links in this post.
Tip Of The Day -
Michael Portman has heard their salon customers share information with their hairdressers that they wouldn't confide in anyone else. As they say, it's a business built on trust. After all, how many deals compel the service provider to wield a sharp pair of scissors to your scalp or neck?Today, six years after they and childhood pal Jayson Rapaport opened the first of five Birds Barbershops in Austin, Texas, Portman is especially pleased when a customer comes in for a haircut in advance of a job interview. "That's a pretty trusting moment there," Portman says.Like many entrepreneurs, Portman has found that savvy branding efforts go a long way toward cultivating that trust. And while there's no single formula for branding your way into a client's warm embrace, it's generally agreed that it takes more than a clever slogan or a catchy jingle. At the very least, it takes strong job performance, effective marketing (often online) and favorable public opinion. Yet experts say building trust through branding also requires an ineffable something that leaves customers feeling good about the whole exchange."Branding now is trying to measure not just the affinity, but the trust a consumer has in you," says Todd Copilevitz, a branding consultant in Atlanta.To build trust through branding, says Karen Post, a Tampa, Fla.–based consultant and the author of Brand Turnaround , an entrepreneur must establish a distinct identity. Portman and Rapaport did this by offering standard haircuts at below-market prices--$19 for men, $39 for women--and keeping salons open seven days a week. ("Every salon in the world is closed on Mondays," Portman says. "What's with that?") Tapping into Austin's rich musical heritage, they installed old-fashioned jukeboxes, then turned up the volume. Because Austin is such a bicycle-crazy town, they offered men who rode to Bird a free hair wash. (Women get a shampoo with the standard cut.) And abiding by the company ethos of keeping things local, they formed myriad partnerships in support of hometown causes and events.Their mission was simple, really: They wanted to make the haircut experience more fun. And that's where the beer comes in. After noon each day, anyone who gets a haircut at Birds receives a free can of Shiner beer . Bird pays nothing for the beer but gives Shiner plenty of promotional punch, including a neon sign in every salon window. Shiner comes from the Lone Star State's oldest independent brewery, so it holds a special place in the hearts and minds of Texans. For Portman, the arrangement has been invaluable in helping Birds establish its identity.And that has led to success. Last year, Portman says, Birds took in nearly $3 million in revenue. Bird has relied heavily on social media to build its brand. Copilevitz says the online world, which gives consumers a robust and timely forum for expressing opinions, has forced businesses to revert to old-school customer service. "That is, dealing with people as people," they say. "They're using social media to talk to their customers in an open, honest way, and they do that on a stage where millions of eyeballs can focus on that discussion." Using social media effectively, adds Portman, also means knowing when to lay low. "We're part of the conversation, just like when you're sitting around the table with friends," they say. "You don't say anything unless you have something to say."For more unusual ways to make money, visit this site [HT - Entrepreneur]
