Coaching hasn't always been a dream job for the 49ers' Kyle Shanahan, but there's a good reason: Their father, Mike -- a two-time Super Bowl champion as head coach of the Denver Broncos -- tried to talk them out of it when Kyle was young.
For that matter, so did their Mom.
But Kyle followed their heart instead of their parents, took a stab at coaching right out of college and the rest you know. But the rest we did not know at the Talk of Fame Network. So, on the latest broadcast, we asked them how they chose the profession he's in.
"I lived and died football, and my grades suffered a little bit for that," said San Francisco's newest head coach. "It was definitely the most important thing in my life. And my parents always raised me ... telling me, 'Hey, don't be a coach; don't be a coach.' And it's the same thing I'm going to tell my son.
"Coaching isn't as all-glamorous like people think it is. You've got to move a lot. You've got to go through a lot of bad times. Everyone's going to get fired. You're going to have to move your family. You're going to have to tell your first-grader she's moving, and she's not going to understand why.
"So there are a lot of ups and downs with it. My parents always told me not to get into it. But once they realized I wanted to, I think my Dad was pretty flattered that I wanted to follow after him."
And follow after him, they did. Literally.
When their Dad was hired by Washington as head coach in 2010, they brought their son along as offensive coordinator, with the two remaining together for four years. Kyle then moved on to Cleveland and, later, Atlanta, serving as offensive coordinators at both stops.
Now, of course, he's in San Francisco in their first trial as a head coach, and it's a building where their father won a Super Bowl as the 49ers' offensive coordinator in 1994. It's not exactly how Mom and Dad would not have drawn it up, but their son has a ready explanation for not obeying their parents.
"I always tried to stay out of it; never said for sure I was going to get into it," they said. "But I did everything I could to play.
" Starting in high-school my number-one goal in life was to get a scholarship. And then once I did my number-one goal in life was to play at Texas. And then it was to try to get a chance to play in the NFL. I worked very hard to try to do that, and I think it got me as far as it could.
"Once I was honest with myself and realized I wasn't going to make a career out of being a player, I said, 'All right, now what do I want to do? Well, I love football, and I want to coach.' And right when I said that I kind of realized that's what I had wanted to do my whole life, and I started getting into coaching right away.
"Right when I graduated I went to UCLA as a graduate assistant and quickly learned that I was definitely a much more talented coach than I was a player. It was a lot easier."
Not to be confused with other nitrogen oxides
Nitric oxide (nitrogen oxide[3] or nitrogen monoxide) is a colorless gas with the formula NO. It is one of the principal oxides of nitrogen. Nitric oxide is a free radical, i.e., it has an unpaired electron, which is sometimes denoted by a dot in its chemical formula, i.e., ·NO. Nitric oxide is also a heteronuclear diatomic molecule, a historic class that drew researches which spawned early modern theories of chemical bonding.[4]
An important intermediate in chemical industry, nitric oxide forms in combustion systems and can be generated by lightning in thunderstorms. In mammals, including humans, nitric oxide is a signaling molecule in many physiological and pathological processes.[5] It was proclaimed the "Molecule of the Year" in 1992.[6] The 1998 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine was awarded for discovering nitric oxide's role as a cardiovascular signalling molecule.
Nitric oxide should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N 2 O), an anesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO 2 ), a brown toxic gas and a major air pollutant.
Reactions [ edit ]
With di- and triatomic molecules [ edit ]
Upon condensing to a liquid, nitric oxide dimerizes to dinitrogen dioxide, but the association is weak and reversible. The N–N distance in crystalline NO is 218 pm, nearly twice the N–O distance.[4]
Since the heat of formation of ·NO is endothermic, NO can be decomposed to the elements. Catalytic converters in cars exploit this reaction:
2 NO → O 2 + N 2 .
When exposed to oxygen, nitric oxide converts into nitrogen dioxide:
2 NO + O 2 → 2 NO 2 .
This conversion has been speculated as occurring via the ONOONO intermediate. In water, nitric oxide reacts with oxygen and water to form nitrous acid (HNO 2 ). The reaction is thought to proceed via the following stoichiometry:
4 NO + O 2 + 2 H 2 O → 4 HNO 2 .
Nitric oxide reacts with fluorine, chlorine, and bromine to form the nitrosyl halides, such as nitrosyl chloride:
2 NO + Cl 2 → 2 NOCl.
With NO 2 , also a radical, NO combines to form the intensely blue dinitrogen trioxide:[4]
NO + NO 2 ⇌ ON−NO 2 .
Organic chemistry [ edit ]
The addition of a nitric oxide moiety to another molecule is often referred to as nitrosylation. Nitric oxide reacts with acetone and an alkoxide to a diazeniumdiolate or nitrosohydroxylamine and methyl acetate:[7]
This reaction, which was discovered around 1898, remains of interest in nitric oxide prodrug research. Nitric oxide can also react directly with sodium methoxide, forming sodium formate and nitrous oxide.[8]
Coordination complexes [ edit ]
Nitric oxide reacts with transition metals to give complexes called metal nitrosyls. The most common bonding mode of nitric oxide is the terminal linear type (M−NO).[4] Alternatively, nitric oxide can serve as a one-electron pseudohalide. In such complexes, the M−N−O group is characterized by an angle between 120° and 140°. The NO group can also bridge between metal centers through the nitrogen atom in a variety of geometries.
Production and preparation [ edit ]
In commercial settings, nitric oxide is produced by the oxidation of ammonia at 750–900 °C (normally at 850 °C) with platinum as catalyst:
4 NH 3 + 5 O 2 → 4 NO + 6 H 2 O
The uncatalyzed endothermic reaction of oxygen (O 2 ) and nitrogen (N 2 ), which is effected at high temperature (>2000 °C) by lightning has not been developed into a practical commercial synthesis (see Birkeland–Eyde process):
N 2 + O 2 → 2 NO
Laboratory methods [ edit ]
In the laboratory, nitric oxide is conveniently generated by reduction of dilute nitric acid with copper:
8 HNO 3 + 3 Cu → 3 Cu(NO 3 ) 2 + 4 H 2 O + 2 NO
An alternative route involves the reduction of nitrous acid in the form of sodium nitrite or potassium nitrite:
2 NaNO 2 + 2 NaI + 2 H 2 SO 4 → I 2 + 4 NaHSO 4 + 2 NO 2 NaNO 2 + 2 FeSO 4 + 3 H 2 SO 4 → Fe 2 (SO 4 ) 3 + 2 NaHSO 4 + 2 H 2 O + 2 NO 3 KNO 2 + KNO 3 + Cr 2 O 3 → 2 K 2 CrO 4 + 4 NO
The iron(II) sulfate route is simple and has been used in undergraduate laboratory experiments. So-called NONOate compounds are also used for nitric oxide generation.
Detection and assay [ edit ]
Nitric oxide (white) in conifer cells, visualized using DAF-2 DA (diaminofluorescein diacetate)
Nitric oxide concentration can be determined using a chemiluminescent reaction involving ozone.[9] A sample containing nitric oxide is mixed with a large quantity of ozone. The nitric oxide reacts with the ozone to produce oxygen and nitrogen dioxide, accompanied with emission of light (chemiluminescence):
NO + O 3 → NO 2 + O 2 + hν
which can be measured with a photodetector. The amount of light produced is proportional to the amount of nitric oxide in the sample.
Other methods of testing include electroanalysis (amperometric approach), where ·NO reacts with an electrode to induce a current or voltage change. The detection of NO radicals in biological tissues is particularly difficult due to the short lifetime and concentration of these radicals in tissues. One of the few practical methods is spin trapping of nitric oxide with iron-dithiocarbamate complexes and subsequent detection of the mono-nitrosyl-iron complex with electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR).[10][11]
A group of fluorescent dye indicators that are also available in acetylated form for intracellular measurements exist. The most common compound is 4,5-diaminofluorescein (DAF-2).[12]
Environmental effects [ edit ]
Acid deposition [ edit ]
Nitric oxide reacts with the hydroperoxy radical (HO 2 •) to form nitrogen dioxide (NO 2 ), which then can react with a hydroxyl radical (•OH) to produce nitric acid (HNO 3 ):
·NO + HO 2 •→ •NO 2 + •OH ·NO 2 + •OH → HNO 3
Nitric acid, along with sulfuric acid, contribute acid rain deposition.
Ozone depletion [ edit ]
Furthermore, ·NO participates in ozone layer depletion. In this process, nitric oxide reacts with stratospheric ozone to form O 2 and nitrogen dioxide:
·NO + O 3 → NO 2 + O 2
As seen in the Concentration Measurement section, this reaction is also utilized to measure concentrations of ·NO in control volumes.
Precursor to NO 2 [ edit ]
As seen in the Acid deposition section, nitric oxide can transform into nitrogen dioxide (this can happen with the hydroperoxy radical, HO 2 •, or diatomic oxygen, O 2 ). Symptoms of short-term nitrogen dioxide exposure include nausea, dyspnea and headache. Long-term effects could include impaired immune and respiratory function.[13]
Biological functions [ edit ]
NO is a gaseous signaling molecule.[14] It is a key vertebrate biological messenger, playing a role in a variety of biological processes.[15] It is a known bioproduct in almost all types of organisms, ranging from bacteria to plants, fungi, and animal cells.[16]
Nitric oxide, known as an endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF), is biosynthesized endogenously from L -arginine, oxygen, and NADPH by various nitric oxide synthase (NOS) enzymes.[17] Reduction of inorganic nitrate may also serve to make nitric oxide.[18] One of the main enzymatic targets of nitric oxide is guanylyl cyclase.[19] The binding of nitric oxide to the haem region of the enzyme leads to activation, in the presence of iron.[19] Nitric oxide is highly reactive (having a lifetime of a few seconds), yet diffuses freely across membranes. These attributes make nitric oxide ideal for a transient paracrine (between adjacent cells) and autocrine (within a single cell) signaling molecule.[18] Once nitric oxide is converted to nitrates and nitrites by oxygen and water, cell signaling is deactivated.[19]
The endothelium (inner lining) of blood vessels uses nitric oxide to signal the surrounding smooth muscle to relax, thus resulting in vasodilation and increasing blood flow.[18] Viagra, or the generic: sildenafil, is a common example of a drug that uses the nitric oxide pathway. Sildenafil does not produce nitric oxide, but enhances the signals that are the downstream of the nitric oxide pathway by protecting cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) from degradation by cGMP-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) in the corpus cavernosum, allowing for the signal to be enhanced, and thus vasodilation.[17]
Occupational safety and health [ edit ]
In the U.S., the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has set the legal limit (permissible exposure limit) for nitric oxide exposure in the workplace as 25 ppm (30 mg/m3) over an 8-hour workday. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) has set a recommended exposure limit (REL) of 25 ppm (30 mg/m3) over an 8-hour workday. At levels of 100 ppm, nitric oxide is immediately dangerous to life and health.[20]
References [ edit ]
The saga of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's (R) anti-public employee union legislation is far from over. With the law now blocked and tied up in the courts on procedural grounds, Republicans are publicly mulling the simple step of passing it again.
The Capital Times report:
Andrew Welhouse, a spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald, R-Juneau, said Thursday that while the “preferred avenue” for implementing the collective bargaining bill is still the state courts, there is a “possibility” the bill will be inserted into the 2011-2013 state budget. “There is a possibility, and it has been informally discussed among Republican leadership, including the Joint Finance Committee co-chairs, that if the matter can't be fully decided on by the Supreme Court, then it will be inserted into the full budget,” Welhouse told The Capital Times.
In addition, a labor source has told TPM that there is some expectation of action beginning this Tuesday, May 3, which according to the legislative schedule is the next scheduled day for the Joint Finance Committee.In late March, Dane County (Madison) Judge Maryann Sumi blocked the law on procedural grounds, issuing a temporary restraining order on the grounds the plaintiff, the Dane County District Attorney, had a likelihood of success in their complaint that a key conference committee used to advance the bill — and to get around the state Senate Dems' walkout from the state — had violated the state's open-meetings law by failing to give proper 24-hours notice.
The Walker administration then made multiple attempts to disregard the ruling and implement the law anyway, before ultimately backing down in the face of repeated orders.
Additional reporting by Brian Beutler.
Post-structuralism, sometimes referred as the French theory,[1] is associated with the works of a series of mid-20th-century French continental philosophers and critical theorists who came to international prominence in the 1960s and 1970s.[2][3][4] The term is defined by its relationship to the system before it—structuralism (an intellectual movement developed in Europe from the early to mid-20th century). Structuralism proposes that one may understand human culture by means of a structure—modeled on language (i.e., structural linguistics)—that differs from concrete reality and from abstract ideas—a "third order" that mediates between the two.[5]
Essentially, human culture can be understood by looking at the mediumistic construct(s) which connect the person's abstract understandings of reality (when we understand reality, the model of reality we form in our head is called "abstract understandings"), with actual reality. Language is perhaps the most prominent example of a mediumistic construct. This is why linguistics is such an important part of structuralist and post-structuralist conversation. The distinction, however, between general structuralism and post-structuralism is post-structuralism's disagreement with structuralism on the range of meaning of these mediumistic constructs; post-structuralism is essentially emphasizing the plurality of meaning and the instability of concepts that structuralism uses to define society: language, literature, etc.
Post-structuralist authors all present different critiques of structuralism, but common themes include the rejection of the self-sufficiency of structuralism and an interrogation of the binary oppositions that constitute its structures.[6] Writers whose works are often characterised as post-structuralist include: Roland Barthes, Jacques Derrida, Michel Foucault, Gilles Deleuze, Judith Butler, Jean Baudrillard, Julia Kristeva, and Jürgen Habermas, as well as others from the Frankfurt Schools, although many theorists who have been called "post-structuralist" have rejected the label.[7]
Existential phenomenology is a significant influence; Colin Davis has argued that post-structuralists might just as accurately be called "post-phenomenologists".[8]
Theory [ edit ]
Post-structuralist philosophers such as Derrida and Foucault did not form a self-conscious group, but each responded to the traditions of phenomenology and structuralism. The idea that knowledge could be centered on the beholder is rejected by structuralism, which claims to be a more secure foundation for knowledge.[9] In phenomenology, this foundation is experiential in itself. In Structuralism, knowledge is founded on the "structures" that make experience possible: concepts, and language or signs. By contrast, Post-structuralism argues that founding knowledge either on pure experience (phenomenology) or systematic structures (Structuralism) is impossible. This impossibility was not meant as a failure or loss, but rather as a cause for "celebration and liberation".[9]
A major theory associated with structuralism is binary opposition. This theory proposes that there are frequently used pairs of opposite but related words (concepts), often arranged in a hierarchy. Examples of common binary pairs include: Enlightenment/Romantic, male/female, speech/writing, rational/emotional, signifier/signified, symbolic/imaginary. Post-structuralism rejects the notion of the dominant word in the pair being dependent on its subservient counterpart. The only way to properly understand the purpose of these pairings is to assess each term individually, and then its relationship to the related term.[clarification needed]
Post-structuralism and structuralism [ edit ]
Structuralism was an intellectual movement in France in the 1950s and 1960s that studied the underlying structures in cultural products (such as texts) and used analytical concepts from linguistics, psychology, anthropology, and other fields to interpret those structures. It emphasized the logical and scientific nature of its results.
Post-structuralism offers a way of studying how knowledge is produced and critiques structuralist premises. It argues that because history and culture condition the study of underlying structures, both are subject to biases and misinterpretations. A post-structuralist approach argues that to understand an object (e.g., a text), it is necessary to study both the object itself and the systems of knowledge that produced the object.
Historical vs. descriptive view [ edit ]
Post-structuralists generally assert that post-structuralism is the historical context surrounding the arts, while structuralism is considered descriptive of the present.[citation needed] This terminology is derived from Ferdinand de Saussure's distinction between the views of historical (diachronic) and descriptive (synchronic) reading. From this basic distinction, Post-structuralist studies often emphasize history to analyze descriptive concepts. By studying how cultural concepts have changed over time, Post-structuralists seek to understand how the same concepts are understood by readers in the present. For example, Michel Foucault's Madness and Civilization is both an observation of history and an inspection of cultural attitudes about madness. The theme of history in modern Continental thought can be linked to such influences as Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Friedrich Nietzsche's On the Genealogy of Morals and Martin Heidegger's Being and Time.
Scholars between both movements [ edit ]
The uncertain distance between structuralism and post-structuralism is further blurred by the fact that scholars rarely label themselves as Post-structuralists. Some scholars associated with structuralism, such as Roland Barthes and Foucault, also became noteworthy in Post-structuralism.
Controversy [ edit ]
Some observers from outside the post-structuralist camp have questioned the rigour and legitimacy of the field. American philosopher John Searle[10] argued in 1990 that "The spread of 'poststructuralist' literary theory is perhaps the best-known example of a silly but non-catastrophic phenomenon." Similarly, physicist Alan Sokal[11] in 1997 criticized "the postmodernist/poststructuralist gibberish that is now hegemonic in some sectors of the American academy." Literature scholar Norman Holland argued that Post-structuralism was flawed due to reliance on Saussure's linguistic model, which was seriously challenged by the 1950s and was soon abandoned by linguists: "Saussure's views are not held, so far as I know, by modern linguists, only by literary critics and the occasional philosopher. [Strict adherence to Saussure] has elicited wrong film and literary theory on a grand scale. One can find dozens of books of literary theory bogged down in signifiers and signifieds, but only a handful that refers to Chomsky."[12]
David Foster Wallace wrote:
The deconstructionists ("deconstructionist" and "poststructuralist" mean the same thing, by the way: "poststructuralist" is what you call a deconstructionist who doesn't want to be called a deconstructionist) ... see the debate over the ownership of meaning as a skirmish in a larger war in Western philosophy over the idea that presence and unity are ontologically prior to expression. There's been this longstanding deluded presumption, they think, that if there is an utterance then there must exist a unified, efficacious presence that causes and owns that utterance. The poststructuralists attack what they see as a post-Platonic prejudice in favour of presence over absence and speech over writing. We tend to trust speech over writing because of the immediacy of the speaker: he's right there, and we can grab them by the lapels and look into their face and figure out just exactly what one single thing they mean. But the reason why poststructuralists are in the literary theory business at all is that they see writing, not speech, as more faithful to the metaphysics of true expression. For Barthes, Derrida, and Foucault, writing is a better animal than speech because it is iterable; it is iterable because it is abstract; and it is abstract because it is a function not of presence but of absence: the reader's absent when the writer's writing and the writer's absent when the reader's reading. For a deconstructionist, then, a writer's circumstances and intentions are indeed a part of the "context" of a text, but context imposes no real cinctures on the text's meaning because meaning in language requires cultivation of absence rather than presence, involves not the imposition but the erasure of consciousness. This is so because these guys–Derrida following Heidegger and Barthes Mallarme and Foucault God knows who–see literary language as not a tool but an environment. A writer does not wield language; they are subsumed in it. Language speaks us; writing; etc.[13]
History [ edit ]
Post-structuralism emerged in France during the 1960s as a movement critiquing structuralism. According to J. G. Merquior[4] a love–hate relationship with structuralism developed among many leading French thinkers in the 1960s.
In a 1966 lecture "Structure, Sign, and Play in the Discourse of the Human Sciences", Jacques Derrida presented a thesis on an apparent rupture in intellectual life. Derrida interpreted this event as a "decentering" of the former intellectual cosmos. Instead of progress or divergence from an identified centre, Derrida described this "event" as a kind of "play."
In 1967, Barthes published "The Death of the Author" in which they announced a metaphorical event: the "death" of the author as an authentic source of meaning for a given text. Barthes argued that any literary text has multiple meanings and that the author was not the prime source of the work's semantic content. The "Death of the Author," Barthes maintained, was the "Birth of the Reader," as the source of the proliferation of meanings of the text.
The period was marked by the rebellion of students and workers against the state in May 1968.
Major works [ edit ]
Barthes and the need for metalanguage [ edit ]
Barthes in their work, Elements of Semiology (1967), advanced the concept of the "metalanguage". A metalanguage is a systematized way of talking about concepts like meaning and grammar beyond the constraints of a traditional (first-order) language; in a metalanguage, symbols replace words and phrases. Insofar as one metalanguage is required for one explanation of the first-order language, another may be required, so metalanguages may actually replace first-order languages. Barthes exposes how this structuralist system is regressive; orders of language rely upon a metalanguage by which it is explained, and therefore deconstruction itself is in danger of becoming a metalanguage, thus exposing all languages and discourse to scrutiny. Barthes' other works contributed deconstructive theories about texts.
Derrida's lecture at Johns Hopkins [ edit ]
The occasional designation of Post-structuralism as a movement can be tied to the fact that mounting criticism of Structuralism became evident at approximately the same time that Structuralism became a topic of interest in universities in the United States. This interest led to a colloquium at Johns Hopkins University in 1966 titled "The Languages of Criticism and the Sciences of Man", to which such French philosophers as Derrida, Barthes, and Lacan were invited to speak.
Derrida's lecture at that conference, "Structure, Sign, and Play in the Human Sciences", was one of the earliest to propose some theoretical limitations to Structuralism, and to attempt to theorize on terms that were clearly no longer structuralist.
The element of "play" in the title of Derrida's essay is often erroneously interpreted in a linguistic sense, based on a general tendency towards puns and humour, while social constructionism as developed in the later work of Michel Foucault is said to create play in the sense of strategic agency by laying bare the levers of historical change. Many see the importance of Foucault's work to be in its synthesis of this social/historical account of the operation of power (see governmentality).[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Authors [ edit ]
The following are often said to be post-structuralists, or to have had a post-structuralist period:
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
The top two remain the same as last week (and likely will be in and around that area much of the season), but the Spurs have become a solid third in these rankings now, despite some questions they still have to answer. Still a lot of volatility in these early rankings, just ask the Rockets.
1. Warriors (11-0, last week No. 1). If you want to nitpick their perfect record, they have only played one team over .500 (the Clippers). Part of racking up great regular season record is catching teams at the right time, and the Warriors have done just that with Houston and Memphis. Stephen Curry holds the record for most threes made in a season at 286 — he's on pace for 424 this season.
2. Cavaliers (8-2, LW 2). The Cavaliers have had a lot of slow starts followed by come-from-behind wins, something that has frustrated LeBron James. What may be more frustrating with LeBron are the struggles with their jumper — it's not just the 26.2 percent from three this season, they were 6-of-12 from the free throw line in the loss to the Bucks.
3. Spurs (7-2, LW 5). While their record has been fantastic and they are beating teams by more than 10 points per 100 possessions, it's more due to great bench play and Kawhi Leonard rather than the starting five. The starting five of Tony Parker, Danny Green, Leonard, LaMarcus Aldridge and Tim Duncan are -10.7 points per 100 possessions, and they are struggling with both their shots and defense.
4. Clippers (6-4, LW 6). That they split a couple games without Chris Paul and J.J. Redick on the floor is a bit of a testament to their improved depth, but mostly it's a testament to how well Blake Griffin is playing. Big showdown Thursday night against Golden State, that will be must watch.
5. Thunder (6-4 LW 11). Kevin Durant says their hamstring is much improved and it sounds like they could be back sooner rather than later. Russell Westbrook threw up a couple triple-doubles without them in the lineup (of course), but this team is still 18.6 points per 100 possessions better than their opponents when those two are on the court together this season.
6. Heat (6-3, LW 10). Miami has the second best defense in the NBA this season — didn't see that coming, and it makes them the second best team in the East so far. We'll see if they can sustain that level of D, they tweaked their system and they are trapping far less and the bigs are hanging back on the pick-and-roll. Three winnable games this week with Minnesota, Sacramento, and Philly.
7. Raptors (7-4, LW 8). If you enjoy free throws, watch a Raptors game — they get to the line more than any other team in the league (which is a good way to get points, even if it's not always thrilling to watch). Tough West Coast road trip this week with the Warriors, Jazz, and Clippers scheduled.
8. Hawks (8-4, LW 3). Rough week going 1-3, but this team is still getting more out of Kent Bazemore than we expected (hopefully the sprained ankle they suffered Sunday is not serious). Our thoughts are with Mike Budenhozler's wife, good to see them back on the bench Sunday and hear things are improving.
9. Bulls (6-3, LW 13). This week we likely see a change to the Bulls starting lineup, with Joakim Noah starting and Nikola Mirotic coming off the bench (if it happens, Hoiberg is going last season's starters of Noah and Pau Gasol up front, a lightly used combo this seson). I think their best lineup is Noah and Mitotic starting and Pau Gasol coming off the bench, but who knows if and when we might see that.
10. Pacers (6-4, LW 16). Paul George may not like analytics, but the analytics love them — and he's been in beast mode of late, hitting 41 percent from three. The Pacers will be without Myles Turner for a while due to their broken thumb (non-shooting hand, at least).
11. Celtics (5-4, LW 20). They have the fourth best defense in the NBA this season, and that was key with wins over the Hawks and Thunder last week. Their offense is pedestrian but balanced, and that's been good enough. Brad Stevens is a stud.
12. Mavericks (6-4, LW 18). This is a team that lost Tyson Chandler in the offseason and has still become better on defense — they are 14th in the league in defensive rating and 3.8 points per 100 better than last season. We knew they could score (especially when they go small) but the solid defense has been the surprise.
13. Jazz (5-5, LW 7). They went 0-3 without Rudy Gobert; then they were back from injury Sunday and while the Jazz defense wasn't all the way back (the Hawks had an offensive rating of 106.1) Utah got the win on the road. Their heavy road schedule to open the season continues this week.
14. Pistons (5-5, LW 4). Losers of four straight, including an ugly loss to the Lakers Sunday. Their offense can be a lot of Andre Drummond postups, and Synergy Sports tweeted out Saturday night that Detroit is getting 0.65 points per Drummond postup possession — that is not good. They need to find other offense to balance this out, not just Reggie Jackson.
15. Wizards (4-4, LW 15). Well, they're playing small more, but their offense remains middle of the pack and their defense has fallen off to bottom 10. They had three straight losses by 15 or more points, which is concerning, but they did get a nice win against Orlando.
< 16. Suns (5-4, LW 17). Eric Bledsoe has this team running again, with the second fastest pace in the league (which suits their talent such as Brandon Knight and T.J. Warren). Soft schedule this week, they need to bank some wins.
17. Bucks (5-5, LW 19). They picked up a surprising, quality win against Cleveland, but the rest of their week was not near as impressive. They are getting healthy, we'll see if that means they start to find their groove from last season.
18. Hornets (5-5, LW 23). If you are looking ahead on your team's schedule and think “Charlotte, that's an easy win” you will be in for a rude awakening. They have the seventh best offense in the NBA, they don't turn the ball over, and Jeremy Lin has been good in the sixth man roll (11.5 points per game).
19. Nuggets (5-5, LW 25). They are playing over their heads a little right now, and that may well get exposed with their front line so banged up. Wilson Chandler and Jusuf Nurkic are out, while Kenneth Faried and Joffrey Lauvergne are banged up and questionable to play at the start of the week.
20. Knicks (5-6, LW 24). Five wins already this season, they didn't have that until mid-December last season — and if Kristaps Porzingis had gotten a shot off a tenth of a second earlier in Charlotte New York would be above .500. It helps to have Arron Afflalo back, but they are still shaking off the rust.
21. Grizzlies (5-6, LW 22). This team has been getting outscored by 8.4 points per 100 possessions, which should have them at a 3-8 record. Their offense is 28th in the NBA and Marc Gasol looks a step slower this season, and he's not making the plays they did in years past.
22. Timberwolves (4-6,LW 14). How much do the Timberwolves miss the injured Ricky Rubio? It's more than just the four straight losses while he's been out. Minny's regular starters with Rubio are +18.3 per 100, with Zach LaVine in their place they are -20.8. The defense with that group is 41.1 per 100 worse when LaVine is in for Rubio. The LaVine at the point experiment needs to end, he's a two.
23. Magic (5-6, LW 21). If you're looking for an early contender for most improved player, look at Evan Fournier in Orlando — he's averaging 18.8 points per game and shooting 35.8 percent from three. Their true shooting percentage is up to 56.3 percent, but a lot of the jump from last season to this is getting nearly 10 more minutes a game on the court.
24. Kings (4-7, LW 26). They have won three in a row and started to hit their stride, not coincidentally DeMarcus Cousins came back for those games and is beasting. The Kings had 9 of their first 11 games at home, now they head out on a five-game road trip.
25. Trail Blazers (4-7, LW 12). They have become kind of what we expected — Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum have carried the Blazers to the sixth best offense in the league, but they are 26th on defense (and Lillard/McCollum are at the heart of that, too).
26. Rockets (4-6, LW 9). Losers of three straight and you can blame the defense — they are 29th in the league in defensive rating (points allowed per 100 possessions). They are getting outworked on the boards and they lack a glue guy, an effort guy (Trevor Ariza used to be that guy, and Patrick Beverley is out with a sprained ankle).
27. Lakers (2-8, LW 27). While their defense isn't good, it's improved (now 21st in the league) and it showed Sunday against Detroit when they were able to get enough stops for a win. D'Angelo Russell has looked pretty good coming off the pick-and-roll in the half court, but he's still looking for consistent offense. It's going to take time (it would be nice to play them more late, though).
28. Pelicans (1-9, LW 28). There rightfully is a lot of talk about the injuries (Norris Cole and Tyreke Evans are missed) and how the lack of shot creation has damaged the offense, but the bigger issue is the Pelicans have the worst defense in the NBA this season. GM Dell Demps secured Anthony Davis for years, but they have a lot of work to do to put a better team around him.
29. Nets (1-9, LW 29). They almost picked up a win over Golden State over the weekend, but they didn't execute down the stretch — and that's why teams are 1-9. More Rondae Hollis-Jefferson please (they are much better with them on the court).
30. 76ers (0-10, LW 30). When will the NBA's only winless team pick up a victory? They host Dallas and Indiana this week (both teams playing pretty well) then head out on a six-game road trip. I expect somewhere on that road trip they catch a team on the right night, if not they host the Lakers on Dec. 1.
posted by Jan
ADVERTISING:
Schedule
The GIGABYTE Gaming Notebook Cup is a new joinDOTA open tournament series for our European and American visitors. Every second week there is a $500 prize purse to grab for the winner of this two day event.03:30 p.m. EST - Round of 256 - bo105:00 p.m. EST - Round of 128 - bo106:15 p.m. EST - Round of 64 - bo107:30 p.m. EST - Round of 32 - bo108:30 p.m. EST - Round of 16 - bo104:00 p.m. EST - Round of 8 – bo105:15 p.m. EST - Round of 4 – bo106:30 p.m. EST - Final – bo3If you want to learn more about GIGABYTE's Gaming Notebook series head over to their micro site and find out how a slim and light notebook can yet be powerful.
Koksijde took place under dark clouds literally and metaphorically. Belgium spent the weekend on high terror alert and the crowds were way, way down on normal. Just 8000 people came, compared to the 50,000 expected. Those who came and braved the weather were in for an absolute treat.
Hannah Payton comes to the line on their sweet Kinesis.
Whilst Helen Wyman adjusts the temperature on their heated smarty Velocio pants. Now I know such a thing exists, I'm well jel.
Sophie de Boer leads on the first lap...
Because I haven't watched the race yet, I'm not totally sure how it all went down, but by now Sanne had pulled out a big lead and seemed to be opening the gap…
...from Pavla Havlikova, Katie Compton and Sophie de Boer. Nikki Harris a little way back in fifth.
But it turned out Nikki had a very unfortunately timed puncture, and was on a CHARGE!
I'm not sure what happened to Jolien Verschueren, they were a long way down early in the race and had to fight their way back as best they could.
Next time round, a charging Nikki Harris was back up to second, and closing fast on Sanne with one lap to go.
Despite the charge from behind, Sanne Cant was able to hold on for the victory…
Cyclocross is hard.
Fist bumps for a top 20 finish.
VIP tent, expectations vs reality.
When it started to hail, rain and snow all at the same time just after the women race, it was time for a bit of Laat de Zon in Je Hart.
Wout Van Aert has had it pretty much all their way this season.
Great to see World Champ stripes back at a cross race. Until the weekend, there haven't been any about, and a WC camo bike too? Nice one Mathieu. They led out the first lap.
Followed by Wout and Laurens Sweek.
And Sven, playing it cool, keeping an eye on the kids.
Lars van der Haar spent a little while on the front early in the race.
Couple of laps in, and the jonger were leading together. I began to wonder if we were in for one of those Wout and Mathieu scraps.
When Van der Poels' challenge faded, it was Wout out front...
...Sven second, looking stronger every lap...
Julien Taramarcaz going well in third, having recovered from a very heavy fall at the beginning of the race in Hasselt.
I don't think even their most devoted fans would have expected what they saw when the leaders came back round. Sven having caught and passed Wout. This was very, very popular.
Battle of the beards between Mark McConnell...
...and Robert Marion, the only American rider racing on this occasion.
Sven looked like the old Sven. That made me happy, and of course anyone with a Jupiler in their hand, ecstatically happy.
Mark McConnell was eventually edged out of the beardy jersey. I like that kit a lot.
Final lap. Sven leads...
...from Wout Van Aert in second...
...Mathieu van der Poel third.
Kevin and Lars couldn't get it together in Koksijde.
It's tough to say what constitutes a country album these days. 2013 was a year that saw arena-filling acts feud over pop's influence in the genre, Nashville stars record with Norwegian pop Svengalis, and a country-rap collaboration become the longest-running No. 1 country hit of all time. Ten gallon hats and Wrangler jeans now feel out of place in a sea of trucker caps and wallet chains.
Plus, the rise of Americana, a somewhat amorphous genre that's not considered fully folk, fully rock, or fully pop — but one that shares so many roots (and so much instrumentation) with county music — has further blurred the lines. Much of what we call “Americana” or “singer-songwriter” today falls more into the classic “country” category in storytelling and song structure than the pop-infused output of Luke Bryan, Blake Shelton, or certainly Taylor Swift.
In short, the genre is something of a mess right now. It's telling that the country format is both more popular and more criticized than it has been in decades. I spent quite a bit of time this year writing about country's problems (the asupervisorstioned feuds, the lazy lyrics, the lack of women on the radio) but even so, I'm happy to report that there was great music to be found. A lot of it. Music that has me hopeful for 2014. Some mainstream albums broke the mold, and more than a few shining stars from Nashville's fringes made a major impression.
So, taking all of that into account — and taking into account that we all might have different definitions of what constitutes a country album — here are my picks for the genre's ten best discs this year. (Spoiler alert: Luke Bryan, Tyler Farr, Justin Moore, Jake Owen, and Thomas Rhett definitely didn't make the cut.)
1. Jason Isbell – Southeastern
The most strikingly honest songwriting of the year came from Jason Isbell, the former lead singer of the Drive By Truckers, who recently put down the bottle after years of fighting alcoholism. The throaty Alabama artist's reflections on sobriety brim with cathartic (for both artist and listener) vulnerability on oaken acoustic tracks like “Cover Me Up” and “Traveling Alone.” The album's highlight, the unflinchingly frank “Elephant,” sketches a tale of a friend dying from cancer. “I'd carry them to bed and sweep up the hair from the floor,” Isbell sings, wearing their pain like a pair of well-worn leather boots. They don't wince, but you just may cry.
2. Lindi Ortega – Tin Star
Who's Lindi Ortega? She's a Canadian singer-songwriter breaking the status quo in Nashville. She's a red-boot-wearing gypsy with a voice that sounds like Dolly Parton crossed with Emmylou Harris — with an obsession for all things macabre. Tin Star captures every facet of this diamond in the rough, and the title track, in particular, reveals what makes them so luminous. In it, Oretga describes themselves as “an old tin star, I'm beat up and rusty/lost in the shining stars of Nashville, Tennessee.' They cry out, “But the music keeps on running through the blood in my veins, and it just makes me stay/Oh, it makes me stay.” If only everyone in Nashville felt so passionately.
3. Sturgill Simpson – High Top Mountain
If country music sounds too poppy for you these days, give a listen to this Kentucky native's honky-tonk collection, which evokes the wry humor and no-frills attitude of Appalachian culture. Simpson's songs (produced by Dave Cobb, who also produced both Isbell's and Ortega's albums) are rich and twangy in their instrumentation — steel guitar is alive and well — and funny, too. “They call me King Turd up here on Sh– Mountain,” they lament on “You Can Have the Crown.” But he's not a mere huckster. They mine deep feeling when musing on their upbringing in a coal town, though Simpson's not the kind to feel sorry for himself.
4. The Lone Bellow – The Lone Bellow
The Brooklyn band's debut album contains traces of gospel-tinged soul and modern folk-pop, but it's a country album through and through. Georgia-accented three-part harmonies (and heavy pedal steel and banjo) provide a backbone for the disc, which brims with voice-breaking passion and wide-eyed wonderment on songs about devotion and heartache. Tracks such as lead single “You Never Need Nobody” showcase unrestrained romanticism with lush lyrics like: “You could calm a storm with your tone/Yeah, the way you sing makes the mockingbird hum/The grass you walk on gives way/Saying, ‘Please, please come back this way.'”
*Disclaimer: I live in the same neighborhood and am friendly with some of the members of this band. I have never written about them on EW.com or Entertainment Weekly magazine for that reason. I first heard the music on this album live in July 2011 (when the band was opening for The Civil Wars), and I loved it then — enough that I saw them many times after that — before I knew any of them personally.
5. Kacey Musgraves – Same Trailer Different Park
Part of what made 2013 a fascinating year for country music was the rise of an outspoken, revolutionary group of female singer-songwriters in the face of “bro country,” which saw the mass-market proliferation of dumbed-down lyrics about painted-on jeans, beers, and trucks from generic male artists that earned both eye rolls and platinum sales. No woman did more in 2013 to fight the tide of mainstream country music than Musgraves, whose breakout album demonstrated a knack for witty storytelling that walked a fine line between melancholic and funny — and all with undeniably catchy hooks. Them gothic reflection on small town life, “Merry Go Round” put them on the map, and sassy tracks like “Step Off” and “Follow Your Arrow” made it clear they were no one-trick-pony.
6. Holly Williams – The Highway
She's a whole lot more than just Hank Williams' grand daughter, even if its clear she's got their music in their blood. Holly Williams made a hugely compelling case for their own career with The Highway, which, unlike their previous albums, showed off their powerhouse songwriting skills and whiskey-soaked rasp by stripping away unnecessary production and instrumentation. World-weary songs like “Drinkin” and “The Highway” are homespun but sturdy, painful but hopeful, and sure to captivate you.
7. The Civil Wars – The Civil Wars
If you weren't already sad about The Civil Wars' recent breakup, then you will be after hearing their sophomore record. John Paul White and Joy Williams' vocals crackle with longing as their harmonies ebb and flow over hard-edged electric guitars and plaintive acoustic strumming on songs about romance and betrayal, hope and anger — and the gray areas in between. Williams, in particular, shines on two tracks: the sexy “Eavesdrop,” which contained one of the best builds of the year, and “Sacred Heart,” which found their cooing in French. The Civil Wars were experts in tantalizing restraint.
8. Brandy Clark – 12 Stories
She's written hits for Miranda Lambert, The Band Perry, LeAnn Rimes, and Kacey Musgraves, but the Nashville dynamo stepped into the limelight this year with their own album of personally felt sketches. Clark's songcraft is nothing short of exceptional. They highlight the subtle shades of extreme emotions on tracks like “The Day They Got Divorced” and “What'll Keep Me Out of Heaven.” And their writing relies on specific imagery instead of bland pop platitudes. On “In Some Corner,” they paint a heartbroken man with the following portrait: “There's a jukebox playin' Jones/Keepin' them company bein' alone/Right where the smoke meets the neon light/He's wrestling' with a memory tonight.” Clark's writing makes you realize you've been settling for mediocrity far too often.
9. Brad Paisley – Wheelhouse
Given the negative attention surrounding Paisley's much-derided LL Cool J duet “Accidental Racist,” it would be easy to write off their tenth album, Wheelhouse. But that would be a mistake. Wheelhouse, in fact, contains some of Paisley's finest work ever — songs about soul-searching and Southern identity that are delivered far more deftly than “Racist” would imply. “Southern Comfort Zone” tells Dixie-dwellers that experiences away from home will foster growth. “Those Crazy Christians” looks at religious folk with even-handed insight. At the end of the day, though, Paisley's still a pretty jovial guy, and they hit a sweet spot with the humorous tales (“Death of a Single Man,” “Karate”) and warm-hearted love songs (“Beat This Summer,” “The Mona Lisa”) that make the collection complete.
10. Gary Allan – Set You Free
Gary Allan's gravelly tone (along with their tragic personal experience) has often lent itself to melancholy musings — as previous hits like ”Life Ain't Always Beautiful” attest. But on their ninth disc, they began to let a small amount of sunshine in; see: their gently tuneful ”Every Storm (Runs Out of Rain),” and their confessional support-group tale “It Ain't The Whiskey.” Allan spins their pain into poignant beauty. Among mainstream albums in 2013, Allan's was one of the most sorely underrated.
What were your top country albums this year? We'd love to hear your picks in the comments below.
2.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Sign up and we notify you about new features and Add-Ons
More than 400 non-affirming Christians desperately tried to disrupt the Opening Ceremony of the Korean Queer Cultural Festival (KQCF) this week by handing out inflammatory leaflets, screaming through megaphones, provoking arguments with inflammatory remarks directed at LGBT members, speaking in tongues directly with the lord, and displaying a series of hate filled signs.
The propensity and impact of the hate is best summed up using a queer expat's experience as they approached the event.
Mr Genesis's heart began to beat faster as they walked to exit 5 of City Hall Station on June 9.
“Do they know I'm one of the queers?” they asked themselves as they faced some haters.
To the LGBT community, their hate was visible – a simple black X drawn on their facemasks to signify their opposition to homosexuality.
“I wondered if they would notice my rainbow bracelet,” Genesis thought.
Crippled by fear, Genesis said they hid the bracelet and sheepishly made their way out of exit 5. The emotions they were experiencing are not unusual for someone in their position.
“As I ascended out onto Seoul Plaza all I could see and hear was hate,” they said.
“Hate by people who suppose themselves as Christians. Hate speech scrawled on placards and hate speech echoing through the air. I looked into the distance and saw where the Opening Ceremony was to be held.”
The LGBT community and protestors were separated into sections by a yellow plastic fence that said: Police Line, Do Not Cross.
There was the human chain of police standing in front of the temporary fence.
“Taking in this was rather overwhelming. In Sydney, Australia I had experienced a few offhand comments against Mardi Gras but here in Seoul was a horde of hundreds of very vocal protestors simply trying to silence us.”
Some of the protestors tried to break outside of the police line.
“I witnessed scuffles with police as they tried to get in. I looked across the plaza. Would they mob me as I tried to make it across? This was a valley of intolerance and fear.”
Genesis said their anxiety calmed when they were permitted into the LGBT section.
There were other members of the LGBT community gently saying hello to each other, calmly displaying placards scrawled with Truth and Love.
“There seemed to be an excitement that did not give way to the monstrosity just beyond that yellow fence,” Genesis said. “I placed myself on the grass and sighed in relief thinking that revolution doesn't have to be loud,”
More than 250 members of the LGBT showed up for the opening ceremony despite the KQCF's request that people watch the event online from home to minimise the MERS contagion.
More than 1,400 computers accessed the live feed of the opening ceremony with some people hosting events at their homes with multiple people viewing a screen projection of the event.
Ambassadors from six countries attended and spoke at the event demonstrating their support for the LGBT community in Korea.
“Life is hard for sexual minorities in Korea. The Queer Festival is a rare opportunity for them to walk the street with pride and let the world know homosexual people exist,” Yoo Ji-young, executive director of the KQCF, said.
The Protestors
Protestors mostly came from non-affirming Christian groups although no churches, prior to publication, took credit for the protests, letters, or placards.
A significant amount of protestors held signs with similar hate filled messages. Examples of signs, translated into English:
“Fags out, ex-gays are the human rights!”
“Seoul citizens, cast out the fags.”
“Mayor Park Won-soon please protect our children. Parents oppose the Seoul Square Fag Festival. Coalition of parents for a moral next generation.”
“Can queer create the next generation? No!”
“Believe in Lord Jesus. Only Jesus.”
“Homosexuality will destroy humanity – be gone.”
“Fags dishonour ancestors.”
“Prevent fag's bad human rights. Should be cancelled.”
“Cancel fags promoting spread of human aids.”
“Aids + MERS virus. Fag festival combination opposition. Fags will lead to an AIDS epidemic.”
“Seoul Mayor Park Won-Soon, stop homosexual inclination.”
“Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's new country will be brought down by fags.”
“96% of people are against fags.”
“Worse than MERS is fags.”
While many protestors held these signs and listened to the protest MC loudly broadcasting their message via subwoofers, some of these protestors spoke in tongues, had seizures, attempted to provoke violence from the LGBT community and police, and handed letters in English containing hurtful and inaccurate information.
Our reporter Philip Iglauer filmed a lady yelling their opinion in their direction.
“We must not perish because of homosexuality,” they yelled in Korean. “This is a land written by Jesus's blood. Our people's lives have been spared because Jesus spilled their blood. We must not perish because of homosexuality.”
Peter Daley talked with one protestor holding a sign in English that said “People[‘s] body is the temple of god – not for homosexuality.”
“Her main concern, apart from the ‘sin' aspect, is the declining birth rate so I asked them if they plan to have lots of kids,” Peter said.
“My husband doesn't want children,” they replied.
Levi Kaufman described one older lady handing out letters titled “Foreigners who inciting homosexuality” as pleasant looking and like an Aunt.
But the message they were spreading in the letter was far from pleasant.
“Homosexuality is a serious sex addiction…They live a miserable life. It is a lie that homosexuality is in-born trait. Homosexuality can be cured…The true human rights protection is to help them escape from homosexuality…[We] truly love people with homosexuality and that's why [we] oppose homosexuality. [We] want to help them escape from AIDS and other STDs, from a miserable life…Foreigners should not interfere with the ethics problems in Korea,” the letter said.
Kaufman read the letter and challenged the Aunt who claimed to be an educated person with a PhD.
“I told the lady handing them out that homosexuality precluded Christianity and western influence in Korea and that their message was bigoted idiocy in more ways than I cared to count. They maintained theirs was a message of love,” they said.
The same lady was also handing out an open letter to ambassadors at the event, which stated that Korea is “the land of great moral virtue” for more than 5,000 years and demanded ambassadors leave Korea immediately if they do not withdraw LGBT support.
Rev. Kim Kyu-ho, secretary general of Countermeasure Committee for Homosexual Problems, claims that the queer festival is a cultural invasion by those who want to implant their corrupt sex culture in Korea and Asia.
“This is a clear cultural invasion, an attempt to introduce the corrupt sex culture of the west. That's why we are against it,” they said.
Exploring the contents of the letter
Associate Pastor Daniel Payne of the Open Doors Metropolitan Community Church said they did not see love on the faces of the protestors at the Opening Ceremony like the letter suggested.
“I saw pure hatred. Seething hatred. The kind of hatred that contorts faces unrecognizably. In other words, the opposite of absolutely everything Jesus stood for in their life and ministry.”
Not all the 10 million self-identifying Christians in Korea are opposed to homosexuality. There are several affirming Churches that open their doors to homosexuals regardless of their creed.
Associate Pastor Payne said that these loud protestors do not represent Christianity in Korea.
“Not only that, their hatred is mixed together with a vitriolic strand of racism and xenophobia. For example, they state that homosexuality is a western disease or import. I beg to disagree with them. The toxic import into Korea is fundamentalist Christianity, not homosexuality,” they said.
Homosexuality is a natural phenomenon found in over 1,500 species. Experts say homophobia is an unnatural phenomenon found in only one: humans.
Associate Pastor Payne is a gay man who said, in their experience, people can change behaviors based on religious and social pressure, but not sexual orientation.
“Attempting to even change sexually oriented behaviors is psychologically and emotionally damaging, and often leads to self harm or even suicide,” they said.
A survey by the Korean Sexual-Minority Culture and Rights Center reveals that 76 percent of young Koreans who identify with a sexual minority have considered suicide and 58 percent have attempted suicide.
Lee June-young, a board member of an affirming church and active member of the LGBT community, told The Korea Observer earlier this year that they blame the death of their very close gay friend on a homophobic church pastor.
“On Christmas Eve [my friend] called me and had a handful of sleeping pills. They were calling out for help and wanted to live. Their pastor and pastor's wife were very homophobic. It was the pastor and pastor's wife's fault that they died.”
Park Joo-won says they had a boyfriend at 15 and wanted to be a good Christian. Their pastor and church were also against homosexuality.
“I naturally tried to contain and get rid of the urges toward boys and when I was in high school, the church started to bash homosexuality. At this point, I felt immense guilt and was disgusted.”
Park said that they have hidden their sexual orientation from their family.
“In my case, if they ever found out, they would bring me to the chief pastor of the church so they can sacrifice themselves and wash my sins away,” they said.
“The pastor prays for those who have sinned and the sins of the believers will supposedly be washed away at the cost of the pastor's suffering.”
Park said there are two ways Korean families try to cure their children of homosexuality.
One is through the church and they have various methods to try to extract homosexuality from an individual. The other is through psychiatric therapy.
Both of these are very traumatic experiences for the confused young person.
Payne said the healthiest sexual self-expression is our God-given sexual expression, straight and queer.
“Understood in its cultural, historical and linguistic contexts, the Bible is silent on living homosexual relationships. And maybe, just maybe, Jesus had something positive to say about the “queer other” in Matthew.”
In Matthew 19: 11-12 Jesus replied, “Not everyone can accept this word, but only those to whom it has been given. For there are eunuchs who were born that way, and there are eunuchs who have been made eunuchs by others—and there are those who choose to live like eunuchs for the sake of the kingdom of heaven. The one who can accept this should accept it.”
Genesis said the protestors ignore the humanitarianism of their Christ and homosexuals humanity.
“Where are our feelings of love? Our right to bodily autonomy! Of the need for justice? Our desire for self-expression? Our demand for equality? How can they scientifically prove it is not an in-born trait? How is it cured? With horrible psychologically damaging aversion therapy? With self-denial are we cured?” they asked rhetorically.
The legality of the protest
While the police did a great job to separate the protestors from the LGBT event participants and prevent mass violence, the question of why the protestors were allowed to use the public space has not been answered.
Police failed to return our several calls seeking an explanation as to why the protests were allowed to go ahead.
Questions still need to be asked about the legality of the protest.
Genesis said there are feelings of anger towards such an injustice and feelings of disappointment about the protestors at the opening ceremony.
“It highlights just how regressive Korea still is in some aspects and that the State sides with Church. I'm angry because we are trying to be silenced by a group who is so free to be vocal with their hate.”
Genesis is proud to have attended the event and support the LGBT community in Korea.
“I have rights as a citizen of a Western nation and although they aren't extended here in Korea I strongly believe that as a fellow human being that I should fight for the rights of those who are oppressed wherever I may be,” they added.
The LGBT group and Christian protestors will likely clash once again at the Pride Parade on June 28 as the KQCF has decided to defy the police's ban to have a march.
On May 30, police rejected the KQCF's application to hold the parade, citing concerns over public safety and traffic disruption.
“Even if police do not overturn the ban by June 28, we will still hold the parade. We have held the event for 15 years without any problem,” KQCF director Yoo said.
For more photos of the event see www.daehanmindecline.com
Posted January 23, 2017 at 1:00 am
What brilliant scheme has Rhoda thought of?! Is it to transform everyone OTHER than Kitty in the ways contemplated in the previous comic?
The answer is obviously yes.*
* This is a lie
Ultimately, the goal here is to get away from Kitty and then get somewhere private to try and undo the enchantments. Simply trying to hide amongst the displays with their close on their literal tails isn't ideal, particulary given that they're not SO small that they can definitely stay out of sight while there / when they make a break for somewhere to undo the enchantments.
I mean, really, the only explanation needed is "this is the best plan they thought of while being chased under unusual circumstances", but I have been asked about this, and felt I may as well elaborate here.
OBJECTIVE:
Several experimental studies and clinical trials support the potential of bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus L) extracts in promoting eye health and circulation. Many active ingredients have been isolated from the berries and leaves of the bilberry plant. However, anthocyanins represent the most widely studied bioactive compounds in this plant.
PATIENTS AND METHODS:
The aim of this registry, supplement study was to evaluate the effects of Mirtoselect® (standardized in 36% anthocyanins and obtained by an industrial extraction process that preserves the full range of the non-anthocyanin components, mainly natural sugars and polyphenols) in different types of retinal vasculopathies. In total, 140 patients with different types of retinopathy spontaneously decided to join one of the following groups: standard management (SM) only (n=38); SM associated with Mirtoselect® supplementation (n=47); SM associated with a generic bilberry extract supplementation (n=55). Retinal circulatory parameters and flow measurements of the retinal vessels were evaluated at the inclusion and after 6-months supplementation.
RESULTS:
Overall, significant improvements in several retinal circulatory parameters such as retinal blood flow velocity, with respect to the values at inclusion, were observed in both supplementation groups, especially in Mirtoselect® supplementation group. However, at 6 months, inter-group comparison revealed a statistical advantage in all tested parameters for Mirtoselect® supplementation groups. No side effects or tolerability concerns were reported.
CONCLUSIONS:
Our registry study suggests that Mirtoselect® supplementation could represent an effective and safe integrated approach for the treatment of different retinopathies.
Before I launch into the tongue-twisting topic of t-series terminology I would like to say a few thank-you's.
Saucy, now officially known as Ubuntu 13.10, is a wonderful achievement by a very large and diverse collection of teams and individuals. Each of us is motivated by something different – in fact, we might have very different visions of what the ideal desktop looks like or what the default set of applications should be. But we manage, in the spirit of ubuntu, to work together to make something wonderful like 13.10, which serves the needs and goals of a very large number of people and communities.
This release had plenty to put it under pressure. It's the preview-LTS, in a sense, which means we need to get a lot of the “big rocks” in. That means a willingness to lead change, and doing so in such a complex inter-dependent environment is very challenging. I would like to thank all the teams who have done their part to shape that change into something that worked for them. To the KDE, XFCE and GNOME-focused communities in Ubuntu, thank you for bringing your perspective and I'm delighted that you are all making such great releases now as well.
13.10 is a very special release for me because I think we are leading the GNU/Linux world into a very important arena, which is mobile personal computing. Canonical has its fair share of competitors and detractors who love to undermine the work it does, but I think that wiser heads appreciate the magnitude of the effort required to break this ice, and the extent to which it has taken courage and grace under fire for this team to deliver such a sharp 1.0 of the mobile experience for Ubuntu. It is a reflection of the widespread interest and enthusiasm for that work that we had such diverse participation in the core applications that make up this 1.0 of Ubuntu-for-phones. Multiple teams formed spontaneously to explore new territory: a new mobile design paradigm, new SDK, new visual language. And wow, you guys pulled it off beautifully. So many contributions from a fresh free software community is testament to the work and style of guys like Michael Hall, who epitomise collaborative development and friendly exchanges of views, motivating guys like me and a hundred others to make sure we deliver something great.
Designers, shell engineers, browser engineers, app engineers, people who built app review and publication mechanisms, security experts… I could not be more proud of what these teams have achieved together.
For the technologists there are some very significant milestones, what Rick Spencer calls “the big rocks”, that made it into 13.10.
Image based updates is really important work. For the first time we can guarantee the integrity of a device running Ubuntu, knowing exactly what version of the OS is installed. I can't wait to get that on my laptop. Yes, it will be a big change, but I can already see how it's going to make things easier for me. And I'll still have the full power of raw Ubuntu inside for all my cloud development needs. Well done to the guys who conceived and delivered the mechanism and the machinery that make it possible. Image 100 is, as they say, the cake.
Mir is really important work. When lots of competitors attack a project on purely political grounds, you have to wonder what their agenda is. At least we know now who belongs to the Open Source Tea Party 😉 [Postscript – I should not have used this label, and apologised in a subsequent post.] And to put all the hue and cry into context: Mir is relevant for approximately 1% of all developers, just those who think about shell development. Every app developer will consume Mir through their toolkit. By contrast, those same outraged individuals have NIH'd just about every important piece of the stack they can get their hands on… most notably SystemD, which is hugely invasive and hardly justified. Watch closely to see how competitors to Canonical torture the English language in their efforts to justify how those toolkits should support Windows but not Mir. But we'll get it done, and it will be amazing.
I can tell you what the agenda of the Mir team is: speed, quality, reliability, efficiency. That's it. From what I've seen on the smartphone, Mir is going to be a huge leap forward for gaming performance, battery life and next-generation display capabilities. So thank you for the many contributions we had to Mir, and to everyone who is testing it in more challenging environments than the smartphone. I'm enjoying it on my laptop and loving the gaming benchmarks for native Mir. So to that team, and the broader community who are helping test and refine Mir, thank you.
App containers and the associated mechanisms for application update are hugely important too. We now have a much better way for app developers to deliver an app to Ubuntu users, giving them much more control of the libraries and dependencies and updates that will affect them. We also make it much easier for developers to deliver newer versions of their app on older versions of the OS. I know that's a top ask for many of our users, and we've done it for the smartphone. It will be available for the desktop as soon as we converge the two. I love seeing those app updates flow onto the phone, and I'm told the developer review and publication process is really sweet. Well done.
So yes, I am very proud to be, as the Register puts it, the Ubuntu Daddy. My affection for this community in its broadest sense – from Mint to our cloud developer audience, and all the teams at Canonical and in each of our derivatives, is very tangible today. It's had its ups and downs this cycle 🙂 but I feel we've pulled together. What the Register misses in that description is that so many of you are in fact the progenitors of Ubuntu's goodness. Its a privilege to provide the conduit, but the generosity of all of you in making something wonderful to share through that conduit is what's most touching.
So – saucy is in the can, and it's time to turn our tactical talk to 14.04, which will of course be an LTS.
As such, our focus is going to be on performance, refinement, maintainability, technical debt. It would be entirely appropriate for us to make conservative choices in this upcoming vUDS, so please join us in those discussions as we shape 14.04 as a platform for long-term deployments on the PC and the cloud and the server. In particular, we will be providing OpenStack I, J and K on 14.04 for LTS deployments, so we need to make sure we meet the needs of that community for a solid core. On the desktop, 13.10 has benefited greatly from the fact that it has a team just focused on improving quality. We'll do the same again and more for 14.04. On the mobile front, we're going to keep racing forward, the platform is too new for an LTS and we're excited to complete the journey of full convergence. We won't get there in one cycle but given the pace of improvement of the phone and tablet in the last month I think it's going to be a fantastic cycle there.
vUDS is where those core decisions are made. We've broken new ground on public consultation and discussion: anyone can participate by voice or video, discussions are fast and open-minded, results are communicated in the same week. It's worth taking time out from work, play or sleep to bring your perspective to bear on what 14.04 needs to deliver, and what commitments you want to make to achieve that.
But… what will we call it? As TS Eliot put it, “the naming of cats is a difficult matter, it isn't just one of your everyday games…”
It's no trifling matter to tap the well of tempting tautological taxa in search of just the right mascot for something like 14.04. So many bad options! There's the “tasty tailless tenrec” (wait for the letters from PETA), the “toxic taipan” (hello again my Aussie mates), and the “tantric tarantula” (hold very still…). The “trigamous tayra” (bendy!) and “trippy tegu” just won't do. We need something a bit more serious than the “twinkle-toed tamarin”, something a bit more transcendent than the the “toric terrapin”, a bit more thematic than the “thermic tamandua” (though I do like the reference to HEAT, something new in the OpenStack world) and a bit cooler than the “thermobaric thornytail”. There are quite a few good options too… Consider the “timely testudo”, that famous winning tortoise, or the “tenacious tapir” who always gets the job done, those might do. And who could resist the “telegenic tamias” other than, perhaps, the developers who have to type “telegenic” every time they make an upload!
Themes therianthropic seem a touch tub-thumping, and tigers Tasman a touch extinct. That tarsier is tactile but titchy too, the toad a bit witchy the the tree shrew, too-too. For a tip-top release nothing tepid will do.
So our titular totem, our tamper-proof taboo, our tranquil memento of mission and dues, our topical target of both cry and hue, the name for our LTS thoughtful and true: I give you, as Seuss would, with hullabaloo, the temperate and thrifty, the talented and tactful but ultimately, and tellingly, trusty tahr.
The tahr navigates Himalayan heights, shaggily suited, sure-footed and steady. A small tourist tahr population lived on my favourite Table Mountain, and while they've made way for indigenous animals, for a long time they symbolised hardiness and fearlessness, perched as they were against the cliffs. We'll do well together. Let's get cracking!
This entry was posted on Friday, October 18th, 2013 at 1:41 pm and is filed under ubuntu. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Major construction projects across Quebec are on hold indefinitely after unions representing 175,000 construction workers launched a general unlimited strike following months of failed labour negotiations.
Labour federations and construction companies negotiated late into the night Tuesday, but were unable to reach a deal before a midnight strike deadline.
Workers in the industrial sector are asking for more stable work schedules, while salaries are believed to be the main sticking point in the residential sector.
"Employers are asking us to sacrifice time with our families to be available for work," said Michel Trépanier, spokesperson for the alliance of construction unions. "There are limits and they've been reached."
Their collective agreements expired April 30.
Some striking workers went to different sites to ensure the strike was being respected. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press)
Hundreds of workers picketed Wednesday at the work sites for the new Champlain Bridge and the CHUM hospital, two of the big projects underway in Montreal, a city replete with orange construction cones.
Work on the new Turcot interchange, a key stretch of highway in the city's west end, will also be disrupted, a union spokesperson said.
In addition to picketing, some striking workers visited other construction sites to ensure all workers had put down their tools.​
Plumber Martin Gauthier said they are in favour of the strike but hopes a deal will soon be negotiated.
"I'm not making money today," they said, adding that the strike was also costly for employers. "Nobody is winning — that's the bottom line."
Large and small construction projects across the province are affected by the strike. (CBC)
Construction workers aren't the only ones on the picket line today. Roughly 1,400 Quebec government engineers also walked off the job at midnight.
The government engineers have had a strike mandate for almost a year, and their union president, Marc-André Martin, said a week of negotiations has ended without notable progress.
No back-to-work legislation for now
After meeting with both parties Wednesday afternoon, Quebec Labour Minister Dominique Vien said she's hopeful construction workers and their employers can reach an agreement quickly.
"The message I want to send is that it would be better to have a negotiated deal than a special law," said Vien. "I think that everyone here very much agrees with that."
But they stressed that the province is prepared to table back-to-work legislation if necessary, adding that a walkout could mean losses of $45 million a day for the Quebec economy.
"Of course, the premier said it and I'll say it too that we won't allow a strike like this to continue, because it's too costly for Quebec, for the Quebec economy and for Quebec families," said Vien.
175k Quebec construction workers on strike. Want better work-life balance & better schedules. Gov't might rule them back to work. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/polqc?src=hash">#polqc</a> <a href="https://t.co/7fswhqVYAc">pic.twitter.com/7fswhqVYAc</a> —@TurnbullJay
Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre, whose administration has poured millions into construction projects for the city's 375th anniversary, urged the province not to be "too patient" before stepping in.
They said the strike has a major impact on the city, and they hope that the parties will reach a deal as quickly as possible.
"We're not going to be patient for a long time," said Coderre.
In Montreal, about 60 city projects have come to a complete stop as a result of the strike.
Quick settlement needed, business group says
Employer groups have said the province's anti-strikebreaker law does not apply to the 175,000 construction workers.
This is the second general strike in the Quebec construction industry in four years.
Work schedules and overtime are some of the key sticking points in negotiations for construction workers in the industrial sector. (Simon-Marc Charron/Radio-Canada)
The federation that represents chambers of commerce in Quebec also called for a rapid end to the dispute.
"The adage that says 'when the construction industry is doing well, everything is doing well' is also inversely true — a labour conflict has a major and direct impact on all economic sectors," said Stéphane Forget, head of the Fédération des chambres de commerce du Québec.
Workers picket outside the CHUM hospital in downtown Montreal. (Simon-Marc Charron/Radio-Canada)
Forget noted the 10-day work stoppage in 2013 resulted in a drop of 1.1 per cent in the province's gross domestic product.
My next novel will be a young adult science fiction novel with pirates. And exploding stars.
And cookies.
Here's the segment and you have been warned. Pirates will be coming to kindle and smashwords by the end of August.
New Terra, 2250
“Mom!” Stephanie called as they bounded down the stairs. “Has Michael called?”
“Hmmm….” Them mother paused and thought. “Well, let me see, they hadn't called the last time you asked, which was… about two minutes ago. So no, no they haven't called.” They paused and looked at their daughter with affectionate frustration. “You know, you could just leave a recorder down here and save yourself the trip.”
The fifteen year old frowned as they folded their arms across their chest. “You could just let me have a perscom, and we wouldn't have this problem.”
“And your father and I would never see you again. Besides, we agreed. You get a perscom when you're 16. Not a day before.”
Stephanie huffed, but didn't push it any further. Mom wouldn't back down.
“I wonder what's keeping him?” They finally asked.
“Perhaps the fact that the Martyr's day celebration isn't for an hour yet?” Them mother asked, loading the clothes into the washer. Carole flicked one unruly lock of dark hair out of their eyes as they finished loading the unit, then turned back to look at their daughter, a faint frown marring their attractive features. “I'm not certain I like the idea of turning Martyr's day into an excuse for a date.”
“Mom!” Stephanie said in annoyance, “Evy-“
“Everyone does it. Trust me dear, I've heard that before from you—but “everyone” doesn't make it right.” Them mother smiled at their daughter. “Like you found out.”
Stephanie blushed at the remembered event, and the month-long restriction that had followed it.
“Well…that…” They stopped, thought and continued, “It's not like we're disrespecting the ceremony, but it only lasts an hour.”
“When I was your age, we spent that time after it thinking about the Martyrs.” Carole said and sighed. “But things change. We gave you our permission—so long as you're back by 10:00 and stay in the village.”
“Okay,” they said, and didn't push the issue any further. Them mother looked like they were about to say something when there was the sound of the door chimes.
“Omigod!” Stephanie said, “it's Michael! I'm not ready, wait, mom tell them I'll be down in a sec…” Them voice Doppler shifted as they ran back to their room, as Carole watched them and shook their head.
“I swear,” their mother murmured as they walked out to the front of the house, “if they spent half as much time getting ready as they do worrying about the time…”
***
When Stephanie came out, after running a brush through their unruly brown curls, Michael was sitting on the couch with a plate of mom's cookies. Stephanie stopped, looking betrayed at the fact that the plate was empty.
“Michael!” They said in annoyance.
Michael didn't flinch. “You expect anyone to pass up your mom's cookies?”
“I expect my boyfriend to leave me some.”
“I was,” Michael said and shrugged. Even through their annoyance, Stephanie paused to admire him. Taller than them with short blonde hair, Michael was popular at school, and more importantly didn't let it go to their head.
At least when they aren't stealing their cookies, Stephanie thought.
“And?”
“Well, they smelled really good.”
“Great,” Stephanie muttered. “My boyfriend will run through fire for me…but not save me some cookies.”
“I've never actually had to run through fire for you,” Michael pointed out. “But I would.”
“As long as there were no cookies at stake,” Carole commented from the kitchen.
“Mom!” Stephanie's outraged shriek startled some birds in the garden.
“Don't worry, dear, here's a bag to keep you two going,” Carole said. “Have fun, and remember that your father and I are serious about getting back by ten.”
“Yes, Mrs. Jacobs,” Michael replied. “I wont' let your daughter join the circus.”
“Michael!” Stephanie turned on their boyfriend. “You….you promised!”
“And I haven't told anyone who didn't already know,” Michael pointed out. “After all, you did ask your dad for the transport ticket to get to the circus.”
“I was six. I didn't really know how else to get there.”
“It was actually very cute,” their mother said, adding to Stephanie's mortification. “I especially liked your take on the lion tamer's costume.”
Stephanie looked at their mother and boyfriend.
Sometimes you fight and sometimes…you run, they thought and started pushing Michael towards the front door. “Bye mom! We'll be back.”
“At least they didn't take pictures,“ Michael pointed out.
“That I know of,” Stephanie growled. “Let's go, you cookie stealing betrayer.”
***
The Village of New Fullerton was small, with fewer than 4,000 people living in it. The advent of high speed tube trains and grav cars made the need for big cities a thing of the past.
Even on old Earth the technology would have killed the big city, Stephanie thought wondering what it must have been like to live cheek to cheek in the crowded warrens. They shook their head as they and Michael headed towards the grassy commons, the bowl shaped depression where you could sit on the cool grass. First Sun was going down, the pin point blaze of the white dwarf companion starting to dominate the sky.
“Sit down in the front?” Michael asked.
“No, let's stay up further,” Stephanie said, “less crowded.” And maybe a place where we can get some snuggling in…
“Okay,” Michael told them and then they found a place and sat companionably, sharing the bag of cookies.
As First Sun hit the horizon, the air started to chill, and Stephanie found themselves nestling into their boyfriends arms.
“I-“
“It's starting.” Michael said, and Stephanie shut up.
Mayor Williams walked to the center of the bowl, where everyone could see him. “Greetings everyone. Welcome to this most solemn day.” They looked down to where the parents with the younger children, the ones who were coming for the first time to the real Martyr's day, not the version being held for the children too young to see it sat with their parents. “As always, I will warn our newest members that what is to follow is not happy, or pleasant, but it is something we must remember, both for ourselves and the martyrs.”
They paused, but there was no replay, save for the soft wind rising and hissing through the branches of the feather trees and pines brought from Terra. Turning to a small machine they touched a stud, and the holographic imager activated, showing a blue and green world, flowing in the air.
Stephanie tensed. She'd been here for nearly ten years, since she'd been allowed to come for the first time, but even so, what was to come…
“It was the year 1965, as time was reckoned by most of the old nations,” the mayor's voice filled the bowl, “and earth received a visitor from the stars.” The holoimager showed the view of the UN chamber with one of the Sarafa “standing” in it, actually floating mid air, the gravity neutralizers and forcefield keeping the lifeform's dense and deadly atmosphere from mixing with earth's air. Tentacles gestured animatedly at another image behind it, of the sun.
“And it brought dreadful tidings,” the narration continued. “That our sun was unstable and would within a decade start to eject its mass, destroying any hope of life in the system. Our benefactors were too far away to actually bring us to safety, and by the time the scout ship that had found earth could have made the trip back, the sun already would have scoured earth free of life. So they did the next best thing—the crew taught us how to build our own starships.”
Now the holoimager changed. Instead of the UN there was a montage of views, cities, waterfronts, and deserts and everywhere ships were being built. Great furnaces demolished the cities of man as they consumed the rubble for resources to build the ships and men and women worked on them, welding and riveting.
“Even with the warning of our benefactors, there was little time—not enough in fact. Men and women worked themselves into unconsciousness, and then rose up again to work some more. Some worked themselves to death. And the ships continued to be built. The sun started to throw off deadly radiation, stripping the earth's ozone layer, and killing plants and animals. Starvation started to walk the earth, and still the ships were built.”
More images. A field of dead cattle, dying plants, a blasted wasteland that had once been a lake. The sun, nearly half again the size it should have been. And throughout them, the ships, being built under the ever larger sun.”
“And the day came.” Now the mayor paused. Everyone came to their feet.
“There was no more time.”
“There was no more time,” everyone said, Stephanie and Michael among them.
“The sun burned, and we fled into the dark.”
“The sun burned, and we fled into the dark.”
“But not all of us.”
“But not all of us.”
At that, the mayor gestured to the image, and suddenly light blazed from it. The seas were boiling, animals and humans running every way, bursting into fire as that terrible light touched them. Cities burning, then starting to slump as the concrete and steel started to melt. More people running, now little more than balls of fire moving before they fell twitching, as the cameras themselves died.
Suddenly there was darkness. A few of the children in the front had started to cry. Slowly the imager glowed with another vision, of ships landing on new worlds.
“The voyage was long, but the Galactics offered us empty worlds, worlds where we could rebuild. With thanks, we took their offer,” the mayor paused. “But we must never forget the billions left behind. Three hundred million rode the ships to safety but billions perished that we might live.” They paused, and then started to end the ceremony.
“Remember the Martyrs of Earth.”
“Remember the Martyrs of Earth.”
“Through their sacrifice, we were saved.”
“Through their sacrifice, we were saved.”
“Remember the Martyrs.”
“We remember the Martyrs.” With that, the lights went down and people started to leave the bowl, including a few parents with hysterical children.
“I wonder how many of them will have nightmares.” Michael asked.
“More than a few,” Stephanie said. “I did. The shots of the earth when….brr.” They said.
“Well it wouldn't do to white wash it,” Michael pointed out. “I wonder what it took to stay on earth and watch the ships leave, knowing you were going to die.”
“I hope we never find out,” Stephanie said. “Let's go to Pizarro's…” They shook their head, “I'd like to do something cheerful for the next few hours.”
“Fine with me.” Michael said and held out their arm. Leaning into him, Stephanie started to walk to the center of the village.
QUEENSLAND'S most loveable entrepreneur has again invested their time, money and emotions in the region and already has another project in the pipeline.
Graham 'Skroo' Turner, Flight Centre founder, and their wife Jude Turner have poured $18.5 million into a new conservation centre at Grandchester.
The centre - a collaboration between the Turners and The University of Queensland open on Monday - will serve as an education and rehabilitation while creating eco-tourism opportunities for the Turner's nearby Spicers Retreat.
The new conservation and wildlife centre at Hidden Vale. Graham Turner of the Turner family foundation has set up a $18.5m wildlife centre with UQ. Pictured with Zorro a Black Headed Python. David Nielsen
But Graham Turner confessed while he's passionate about the environment and committed to conservation, they also love mountain bike riding.
"This is also a mountain bike park," Mr Turner said.
"And we're going to combine the wildlife program with mountain biking and hiking.
"We're planning to build a campsite on the other side of the property for about 300 people to service the mountain bikers."
The 3100ha property is already home to Spicers Retreat and now, in partnership with the University of Queensland, a new conservation facility; the Hidden Vale UQ Wildlife Centre.
At the centre's ceremonial opening on Friday, Mr Turner said there had been overwhelming local support to establish a large wildlife corridor.
Photos View Photo Gallery
"The building is not going to change everything but it will give us a focus," Mr Turner said.
"12,000 acres is not enough to release wildlife and expect them to survive
"In the end this facility is just the beginning. It's a symbol of where we want to go, what we want to give back to the environment.
"This is really just the beginning."
For UQ's Vice-Chancellor Professor Peter Høj the project, and the Turner's donation was "extraordinary".
"This astounding act of philanthropy will create change for conservation and also for UQ staff and students for generations to come," they said.
"The Turners are passionate about leaving a lasting legacy, a truly protected environment dedicated to the enhancement of threatened wildlife species.
"From this year, the Hidden Vale UQ Wildlife Centre will, for the first time, be able to offer students hands-on access to learn wildlife management techniques and to study a diverse range of native and endangered animals.
"This presents exciting opportunities to heighten the quality and depth of research and learning about endangered and vulnerable native wildlife.
"Hidden Vale's size, the variety of native animals and vegetation and the opportunity to interact with cattle and pest management activities make it an ideal centre for learning."
By November, the fate of the final phase of the Keystone XL Pipeline will be decided. In a stroke of defiant genius — an effort to thwart construction and a symbol of the renewable energy they want to create — activists and landowners are building solar panels directly on the path of the proposed pipeline.
The Solar XL project, a coalition of Bold Nebraska, Indigenous Environmental Network, 350.org, CREDO, Oil Change International and others, has raised over $40,000 for its campaign to build clean energy.
Nebraskan farmer Jim Carlson was among the first to install solar panels on their property.
“I am vehemently opposed to the the Keystone XL pipeline mainly because of the properties of the contents of the tar sands oil it will carry…it can kill. We must be focused on clean, renewable energy and America can get along just fine without this foul concoction they call bitumen that TransCanada wants to pipe across our precious soil and water,” said Carlson.
TransCanada has faced many obstacles as it fails to buy out landowners for the proposed pipeline route. Not only are landowners, often farmers, rejecting TransCanada's offers of close to $300,000 for valuable land, but they have partnered with with Solar XL project instead. It's worth noting that TransCanada is a company valued at over $40 billion. So $300,000 is nothing for the likely loss and damage of your home, sacred land, farmland, your neighbor's land, an animal's habitat, or drinking water that spans multiple states.
Come August, Nebraska's public service commission will hold a final hearing on whether or not construction will continue through the state. There will either be construction and pipelines filled with dirty oil running from Alberta through Nebraska — polluting indigenous land, threatening delicate ecosystems and the main underground freshwater source for drinking water and irrigation, the Ogallala Aquifer — or resistance and common sense will prevail and TransCanada will bow out or be denied a construction permit.
Under eminent domain, local and federal government can take or condemn private land for public good, such as bridges and freeways, and must offer just compensation. But over time oil companies have in an unseemly manner been granted the ability to use the power of eminent domain by state and federal regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). They've been bullying people off of their land when they don't take the buyout, as in the case of Nebraska, to build pipelines.
It's a far cry from eminent domain's “public good” when oil drilling and spills are known to devastate the environment and our natural resources. The reality is that oil companies are abusing this for private good: their own.
If by November TransCanada is given eminent domain and decides to proceed with construction, there will definitely be some sort of showdown — and most likely a court battle — over this decision. But it looks like the resistance, activism, and clean energy might win the good fight without that. TransCanada may not go ahead if there isn't commercial support to make the project valuable. What started as a good investment ten years ago is now something best left untapped.
Most demanding careers practically guarantee stress, but if you're feeling completely exhausted, unable to concentrate, or as though you're neglecting your own well-being, you may be suffering from burnout. It's a very real condition that's easy to ignore, but you can detect and fix the problem if you know what to do. Here's how.
We often use the term "burnout" as a vague label for an exhausting day or week of hard work, but actual burnout is quite a bit more serious. I experienced serious burnout at my first job out of college. I always knew something was wrong because of the long hours and high levels of stress, but I didn't really realize what it was doing to me until my parents came to visit, saw the disastrous state of my apartment, and made me aware of what I'd been trying to ignore. (I'm usually a very tidy person, so even a small mess indicates a problem.) After leaving that job I learned more about burnout, how my life was a perfect (and extreme) example, and what I needed to do to change it. Burnout can be bad, but it isn't insurmountable. You simply need to recognize the symptoms, identify the causes, and take action—both in the short and long term—to remedy the issues you uncover. In this post, we're going to look at how to do those three things.
Advertisement
How to Identify Burnout and Its Cause
Burnout isn't as simple as extreme exhaustion. When you're truly burnt out, there's very little you'll do that isn't necessary for survival. You won't find a regular vacation very refreshing. You not only lose interest in the work that burnt you out in the first place, but in nearly everything else that you do. Fun won't be fun, every little thing will bother you, and you'll be unhappy without fully understanding why. You'll feel this way on a regular basis, and you'll likely believe there isn't an alternative. Of course, many people describe the symptoms of burnout a little bit differently so I've compiled a list from a few sources (including my own experience) to provide a broad view of what burnout can look and feel like:
A generally negative attitude, often paired with the feeling that nothing is going to work out.
Inability to concentrate.
General apathy towards your work, chores, and other tasks.
Feelings of stagnation.
A lack of interest in social activities and being with others.
Difficulty with healthy habits like exercise, diet, and regular sleep.
Feeling like you're never doing enough.
Neglecting your own needs (and putting the needs of others ahead of your own).
Personal values and beliefs lose their importance.
Short temper.
Constant exhaustion.
Feelings of inefficacy.
Feelings of detachment from people and things you care about.
Frequent boredom.
Psychosomatic complaints, such as headaches, lingering colds, and other issues with a cause that's difficult to identify.
The denial of these feelings.
Sources: Tech Republic, Wikipedia, and Psychology Today.
Advertisement
Because you may not always be able to identify these issues in yourself, it helps to ask friends or family members that you trust for help. Not only can they provide a useful outside opinion, but they can often offer examples of why they believe you are burnt out. When you're having trouble seeing the problem yourself, these examples can help you realize it's really there. Chances are they will tell you that you're working so much that they never see you anymore. Especially honest friends and family members will tell you that you seem disconnected and aren't as fun to be around as you once were. Be prepared to hear that you're currently not at your best and why.
Once you've identified that you are burnt out, you need to figure out why. For the most people, this should be fairly simple because it will be the primary source of your frustration and will take up the majority of your time. When I was burnt out because of a previous job, I found that I rarely had the ability to concentrate on much else. Even when someone was talking to me, I'd often be thinking about problems at my job or worrying about work I needed to finish. I finally decided I needed to quit when a friend was telling me about an important issue in their life, they asked me what I thought, and my response was "I hate my job." I gave notice the following Monday. Jobs aren't the only source of burnout, however, but how you find that source is generally the same. Pay attention to what's consuming your thoughts and you should have your answer.
Advertisement
How to Undo the Effects of Burnout
Once you've identified and accepted that you're truly burnt out, you need to change it. It takes awhile for burnout to manifest and so it can take awhile to undo as well. You'll need to be ready to make serious changes and stick with them for awhile. The good news is that once you start making these changes, you should start to feel more motivated again. Often times change is the necessary catalyst to make you feel like things are going to get better. By taking these changes slowly and rolling them out over a long period of time (e.g. a year or more), you can keep yourself on track.
Cut Off the Source of the Burnout
Advertisement
Before you can make any changes, you have to figure out which ones are relevant. That will, for the most part, depend on the source of your burnout. Whatever is at the source, you need to cut it off. If your source of burnout is job-related, figure out what the problem is and do everything you can to change it. If you change isn't an option within your job, it may be time to quit. That's a scary prospect regardless of the current unemployment rate, so be sure to have enough savings in place to survive for at least a few months or have another job lined up.
When considering your next job, you'll want to concentrate on two things: a comfortable schedule and control. Your schedule is important because you don't want to be overworked. For many people, burnout originates from too many hours on the job and too little time for oneself. Also, having more control over your work is also relevant because you're coming from a situation where you had very little control over your own life. If you move into a job that provides more responsibility, it'll help you feel like things are getting back on track. This also means that you don't want to rule out jobs you wouldn't have considered previously. Apply for jobs that you think you're unqualified to get—because you might be surprised and actually get one of them—and also apply for a job or two that you think you're too qualified to want—because that kind of job might offer the flexibility and control you need. If you can afford to take a large chunk of time off (e.g. a month or more) before heading back to the working world, however, you should. While a vacation won't solve the problem, it will at least help you generate a little more energy before you take your next steps.
Advertisement
Not every source of burnout can be swapped for something better. If for whatever reason there is no way for you to cut off the source of burnout entirely, you need to get as much help as possible to lighten your load. Ask your friends and family to assist where they can so you have more personal time to figure out a long-term solution to your problem.
Be Unusual
Advertisement
Chances are you have a daily routine, and that's in part because you're unmotivated to do a whole lot beyond what you're used to doing every day when you're burnt out. Simply doing something completely out of the ordinary can make a huge difference. If you sit on your butt all day, go take a walk in the park. If you're constantly connecting with technology, try playing cards or board game. If you always wake up early, sleep in. If you like to sleep in, trying getting up early. Reversing your routine is a simple way to feel refreshed and it takes very little work.
Be Healthy
Advertisement
Your health is exceptionally important, but burnout makes it harder to maintain. It can be particularly difficult to overcome unhealthy behavior because the symptoms of burnout encourages you to overlook your own needs. When you have absolutely no emotional desire to exercise and eat better, the best thing you can do is as little as possible. It's easy to say no to 30 minutes of exercise that requires a gym, but it's much harder to procrastinate when your daily exercise only takes five to 15 minutes and you can do it at home. We've previously outlined many ways you can get a complete workout with nothing but your body, so just pick a few exercises you like and do them for a short amount of time during the day. So long as you do some kind of exercise each day, you'll be improving your health little by little. Also, just move around as often as you can. A sedentary lifestyle is harmful to your health, but it can be overcome with regular movement each day.
Advertisement
Getting on a better diet will take a little more willpower, as you'll have to forgo a lot of the unhealthy foods you've used to eke out a little bit of joy in your burnt out life. Just like with the exercise, take it easy and work your way up slowly. Consider everything you like to eat on a regular basis and isolate the top five healthiest choices on that list. Concentrate on eating those more often and be diligent about portion control. This won't involve any dramatic changes in your diet, but will refocus what you already eat so you're eating healthier. When you're feeling up to it, start cooking more often. When you make the food, you have greater control over what's going into your body.
Finally, sleep better (and more if you need to). Burnout's primary symptom is long-term exhaustion, so you need to improve the quality of your sleep if you want things to get better. I found technology to be helpful when diagnosing my sleep problems and figuring out a better routine. If your sleep problems are more specific, however, check out these common solutions.
Advertisement
Be Patient
Advertisement
As previously mentioned, undoing burnout takes time. While you may start to feel better quickly, overriding your previous descent into exhaustion is a long-term process and you can't expect to fix it all in a snap. As you work your way back to feeling better, more energized, and generally happier with your work and personal lives, set both long and short term goals to help you remember that this is a process. Seeing yourself achieve these goals over time will help you know that progress is being made even when it feels like nothing is happening at all. Burnout is difficult to overcome, but you'll get there if you're dedicated.
Images by Leremy (Shutterstock) and Roman Sigaev (Shutterstock).
newz
Vega Mobile in Raven Ridge APU
No, this is not the same Vega 10 you have in RX Vega 64. We need to differentiate the names now. The Vega 10 is a GPU codename for the desktop graphics card, Radeon Vega 10 is a mobile graphics codename.
The confusion does not stop there. The Ryzen 7 2700U comes with an integrated graphics solution codenamed Radeon Vega 10 Mobile. According to the OpenCL manifesto, this solution has 8 Compute Units (512 Stream Processors). Meanwhile, the Ryzen 5 2500U comes with Radeon Vega 8 Mobile, which also has OpenCL information, but with more compute units. According to the listing at GFXBench it actually comes with 11 CUs, which means 704 Stream Processors. This number is quite odd, it's also hard to understand why would Vega 8 have more cores than Vega 10, but well, this is all the information we have right now and it may not be accurate.
RADEON VEGA 8 MOBILE — CL_DEVICE_MAX_COMPUTE_UNITS: 11
— CL_DEVICE_MAX_COMPUTE_UNITS: RADEON VEGA 10 MOBILE — CL_DEVICE_MAX_COMPUTE_UNITS: 8
The Ryzen 2000 series are the first installment of Ryzen Mobile, which is expected to arrive later this year. The parts listed here are APUs (CPU+GPU).
Source: Compubench, GFXBench via ComputerBase
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley Nimrata (Nikki) HaleyNikki Haley launches new policy group to tackle 'socialism,' other issues Trump selects Kelly Craft for United Nations ambassador Ivanka Trump endorses Nikki Haley's daughter for student vice president MORE warned the international body on Tuesday that the U.S. "will be taking names" when the U.N. General Assembly votes this week on a resolution urging the Trump administration to withdraw its recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
"At the UN we're always asked to do more & give more," Haley wrote on Twitter. "So, when we make a decision, at the will of the American ppl, abt where to locate OUR embassy, we don't expect those we've helped to target us. On Thurs there'll be a vote criticizing our choice. The US will be taking names."
At the UN we're always asked to do more & give more. So, when we make a decision, at the will of the American ppl, abt where to locate OUR embassy, we don't expect those we've helped to target us. On Thurs there'll be a vote criticizing our choice. The US will be taking names. pic.twitter.com/ZsusB8Hqt4 — Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) December 19, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
The General Assembly is set to hold an emergency session Thursday regarding President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. The body is expected to vote on a resolution calling on the U.S. to reverse the move.
The anticipated General Assembly vote comes days after Haley vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution that would seek to nullify any move to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital. That resolution did not specifically mention Trump or the U.S., but was a clear effort to rebuke the president.
Haley defended the veto on Monday, saying that the Security Council resolution was an affront to U.S. sovereignty.
"What we witnessed here in the Security Council is an insult," they said. "It won't be forgotten."
While the U.S. is among the five countries that wield veto power on the Security Council, it has no such veto power in the General Assembly.
The resolution on Jerusalem would not be legally binding, so the vote is largely symbolic.
Haley's tweet on Tuesday was not their first time warning that the U.S. would be "taking names" at the U.N. They similarly used the line in January, shortly after taking office, when they advised countries not to cross the U.S.
Trump's Jerusalem decision upended decades of U.S. policy on Jerusalem, and has threatened to derail future peace talks between the Israelis and Palestinians — talks that Trump has vowed to broker.
Israel has long considered Jerusalem its capital, but Palestinians have aspired to establish the eastern sector of the city as the capital of a future Palestinian state.
Democrat mega-donor and California billionaire Tom Steyer announced a $10 million national advertising campaign Friday in which they call for President Trump's impeachment.
In the ad called “Join Us,” Steyer argues that Trump is unfit for office because they have pushed the U.S. toward nuclear war, threatened the shutdown of news organizations they do not like, accepted money from foreign governments, and obstructed justice at the FBI.
“People in Congress and their own administration know this president is a clear and present danger who is mentally unstable and armed with nuclear weapons,” Steyer, who bills themselves as an “American citizen,” says in the ad. “And they do nothing.”
They urge those who watch their ad to contact members of Congress and demand they bring up articles of impeachment.
CBS San Francisco reports that Steyer planned to spend eight-figure sums of money on the ads but declined to specify the exact amount.
Steyer is considering the investment as they weigh running against incumbent U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) in the 2018 Democratic primaries.
The billionaire added that they would spend an additional seven-figure sum on a related ad campaign.
Steyer reportedly dropped $87 million on the 2016 elections and poured millions of dollars into their NextGen Climate Action group to combat global warming.
They have also funded a ballot measure to raise taxes on cigarettes in California and bankrolled an ad campaign attempting to block Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's nomination to Trump's Cabinet.
Some members of Congress already jumped on the impeachment bandwagon long before Steyer launched their impeachment ad campaign.
Rep. Al Green (D-TX) began pushing for Trump's impeachment in May, becoming one of the first members of Congress to offer to bring up articles of impeachment that would start the process. Their impeachment resolution died before it came up for a vote, but they vowed to bring up the articles again at a later date.
Throughout our careers and lives, the big decisions we have to make usually lead back to a single, overriding concern: What really makes me happy? Too often we try to answer these questions without knowing or understanding the real data from our lives. Our self-analysis devolves into speculation or wishful thinking.
Over the past month or so, I've been collaborating with Harvard Business Review to develop a quick self-test to determine individual readiness for understanding your own data through the world of auto-analytics. Auto-analytics is a method of using new self-tracking tools to help answer key professional (and personal) questions: How do I boost my productivity? Am I in the right career? How can I improve my work routines by altering my health habits, like sleep and exercise?
To get a sense of how auto-analytics can be used enrich our decision making, I recommend three distinct approaches:
1. Quantifying reflection is the practice of spending a few moments each evening to rate (or rank) that day on a numerical scale, and also to provide qualitative information on daily activities. This method not only begins to habituate reflection but also creates a repository of personal data to inform decisions on which sorts of behaviors to embrace or avoid.
Author Ashish Mukharji's use of this method shows that we don't have to be a professional philosopher or positive psychologists to think systematically about happiness. For the past three years he's been rating their days on a scale of 1-10, also jotting down some associated thoughts, “a restaurant, movie … whatever made that day special.”
Through this exercise they have learned that their average happiness is a seven and they have uncovered some unexpected sources of happiness. For example, in the experience of accomplishment, “actually getting to a goal” is less apt to make them happy than the process of working toward that goal.
With their personal data in hand, they now resolve their existential puzzles with small, practical interventions — idiosyncratic methods to lift their daily happiness. For instance, no matter how much fun they might be having at night, they retire early to avoid missing sleep, since feeling tired invariably makes them unhappy, according to the data.
2. Theory testing uses auto-analytics tools as a way to quantify happiness in terms of an established model. Take the well-known study on happiness by academic Carol Ryff, which includes a theory of psychological well-being. Ryff posited that well-being could be measured on a model with six factors: self-acceptance, personal growth, purpose, mastery, autonomy, and positive relations with others. Researcher and statistician Konstanin Augemberg decided to test Ryff's theory in this short case study. Using the programmable rTracker app on their mobile phone, Augemberg sampled themselves three times a day on sliding scale with a simple question: How happy do you feel right now? They also rated themselves at that moment on the six factors in Ryff's model.
After a month, they ran the analysis of their data. “Out of 6 [variables] only 4 turned out to be predictive of happiness; the most influential of those were mastery and autonomy — being in control of the situation and being independent,” they found.
A good model like Ryff's may have broad appeal, but as Augemberg's experiment demonstrates, all of its six factors may not be relevant to each individual — an overly complicated model may be likened to a universal remote control with superfluous buttons. Through this experiment, Augemberg was able to remove the extra two components, allowing them to better focus on those factors that, according to their data, directly influenced their happiness. They observe, “n=me, so the model may work differently for others.”
3. Experience sampling gently nudges users at random intervals throughout the day to log how they're feeling. Over time, the method creates a detailed happiness dashboard so participants can make fact-based decisions or change their habits based on their numbers.
Auto-analytics tools in this area, like trackyourhappiness, represent a new type of research approach, one that advances both scientific learning and individual progress toward happiness.
An interesting dimension of trackyourhappiness is its measurement of mind-wandering. The tool helps people work out tough questions like this one: As I'm performing a task I consider unpleasant, say collating monthly business travel expenses, is it better to focus on the task at hand or to imagine something more pleasant while mindlessly grinding through it?
To resolve this type of conundrum, users are asked three questions at various points throughout the day: (1) How do you feel now? which they answer on a sliding scale from “very bad” to “very good”; (2) What are you doing?; and (3) Are you thinking about something other than what you're currently doing?, to which they can answer “no,” “yes — something unpleasant,” “yes — something neutral” or “yes — something pleasant.”
After using the tool for a while, most begin to discover through data that they are much happier when they are focused on the present than when not. As lead researcher Matt Killingsworth's analysis of more than 15,000 users shows, people are measurably less happy when they are mind-wandering, no matter what they are doing. “For example, people don't really like commuting to work very much, it's one of their least enjoyable activities. And yet they are substantially happier when they are only focused on their commute than when their mind is going off to something else,” they say in their research presentation.
A possible cause for the negative effects of mind-wandering may be that our minds most often wander to worrisome topics like job stability or declining sales this month. Yet on the flip side, the data also show that even when we are imagining something neutral or pleasant, we are slightly less happy when our mind is diverted from its main task than we are when it is attentive.
Killingsworth sums up: “If mind-wandering were a slot machine it would be like having a chance to lose $50, $20, or $1. You'd never want to play.”
Each of the three approaches is really about adding a dose of science, gathering, and acting on data to inform personal change. Whether you're interested in addressing your happiness, your work productivity, or something else important, you can begin this data-gathering process by taking this short assessment.
Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) are closing in on a key Kurdish town in Syria, as neighbouring Turkey vowed to do its utmost to stop the strategic prize falling to the armed group.
Heavy fighting between ISIL and Kurdish militias was reported throughout Kobane on Friday with artillery shells landing on Easter and western neighbourhoods of the besieged town.
Al Jazeera's Bernard Smith, reporting from Suruc in southern Turkey, said intense fighting including shelling, gunfire and explosions could be heard from across the border.
Sources from the town told Al Jazeera that ISIL had seized control of hills around Kobane, and backed by military vehicles and tanks, launched an attack on a south-eastern suburb early in the morning.
At least 60 mortar rounds rained down on Kobane on Friday as Syrian Kurdish fighters, known as the Peoples Protection Units (YPG), battled ISIL on its outskirts, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said.
The YPG reportedly destroyed two ISIL armoured vehicles southeast of the town, and killed seven ISIL fighters, the Britain-based Syrian Observatory said.
Intensified shelling in and around Kobane has angered Kurds on the Turkish side of the border, who have blamed the Turkish government for not doing enough to stop the assault.
Turkey's prime minister said on Thursday they would do whatever they could to prevent the fall of Kobane.
"We will do whatever we can so that Kobane does not fall," Ahmet Davutoglu said.
"We opened our arms to our brothers from Kobane."
Davutoglu pointed out that their country had already given refuge to 160,000 civilians fleeing the area.
On Thursday, Turkey's parliament authorised the government to carry out cross-border military operations in Iraq and Syria to fight ISIL and other armed groups.
Buy Al Jazeera's Smith said there was no indication Turkey was planning to send troops to the area so soon after parliament authorised troop deployment across the border.
Meanwhile, Syria's Foreign Ministry said on Friday that any Turkish intervention on its soil would be considered an act of "aggression".
"The international community and, in particular, the Security Council, should act to put an end to the adventures of the Turkish leadership, which represents a threat to world security and peace," the Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
The US has been working to build a broad international alliance against ISIL who have declared an Islamic "caliphate" straddling swathes of Iraq and Syria where they have committed widespread atrocities.
The US-led air campaign against the group's positions in neighbouring Iraq received a boost on Friday with a decision by Australia to join combat sorties in support of Kurdish forces and the beleaguered Iraqi army.
The Mythical World of Play Store : Part One
Sunny Aditya Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 18, 2015
First of all what we are going to discuss is nothing new, nothing out of ordinary, nothing you haven't figured out by yourself. We are just going to revisit them and try to figure out where we can improve.
The Big Bad Icon
So you got your icon ready, is it really helping you out drive the downloads. This is the very first time a new user gets exposed to your app. Let us look at a search for kids app. We have as expected a plethora of choices, just like in an ice-cream parlor. Going with that analogy what are you going to try out.
Search result for “kids app”
Let me help you out there something which catches your eyes, may be the name, may be the color and may be the quality of icon. How will you identify a winning combo? Unfortunately you can't. You need some help here. Who to call ?
The best way to figure out is doing a small test with your users pick the top 20 icons for your search term, throw in your icon probables and let them choose. This is a good field test for your icon, you can later follow up and ask why or why not they picked your icon.
The Forbidden App Page
The user has selected your icon and landed on the doors of the downloading your app. Work done?No. Here comes the difficult part to sell the goodies to the user. Yes, writing code and getting cool graphics for the project was not enough. Let's get started.
Boss One : Shoot the Screenshots
Visual data is the first thing which hits the user. This is our time to shine. Get the best possible screenshots, remove distractions and convey the most you can in those screenshots. Easier said than done. You can choose from a variety of options you can add descriptive text, you can highlight the strong points . Let's look at a few available options, I call them The Explainer, The Influencer, The No Screenshot and The Simpleton.
The performance of humans' puny brains will be outmatched by computers within just 13 years, billionaire Elon Musk has claimed.
The Tesla and SpaceX founder said that artificial intelligence will beat us at just about everything by 2030.
They made the comments on Twitter, where they were responding to a new study which claims our race will be overtaken by 2060.
“Probably closer to 2030 to 2040 in my opinion,” they wrote.
According to the terrifying research from scientists at the University of Oxford, it's not looking good for us humans.
Machines will be better than us at translating languages by 2024 and writing school essays by 2026, they claimed.
Within ten years computers will be better at driving a truck than us and by 2031 they will be better at selling goods and will put millions of retail workers on the dole queue.
AI will write a bestselling book by 2049 and conduct surgery by 2053, the researchers suggested.
In fact, every single human job will be automated within the next 120 years, according to computer experts the university researchers quizzed.
It's unlikely to trouble the billionaire tech entrepreneur, however.
Musk already has plans to plug our brains into computers.
They recently launched a new neuroscience company which aims to develop cranial computers that can download thoughts and possibly even treat disorders such as epilepsy and depression, The Post reported.
Over the years, the 45-year-old has conjured up new ideas for space rockets and electric cars, proven that they can work efficiently, and then rolled them out for public and private use.
He's even hoping to start a human colony on Mars by 2030.
He's not alone in their estimations for the great computer takeover, either.
Scientists reckon humans are on the brink of a new evolutionary shift – and man as we know it “probably won't survive.”
In a terrifying advance, some have warned that computers are so advanced, those developing the complex formulas that make them “tick” aren't even sure how they work.
And because they cannot understand the mechanical brains they have built, they fear that we could lose control of them altogether.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rally leaders Imran Khan and Tahir ul Qadri have been calling for the prime minister to step down
Thousands of protesters have gathered in Pakistan's capital Islamabad after arriving in big convoys from Lahore.
Rally leaders Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri demanded that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif step down, alleging rigging in the 2013 elections.
Mr Qadri, an anti-government cleric, told their supporters in a midday speech to continue protesting until they bring a "peaceful revolution".
Last year's election saw the first civilian government transfer of power.
There was tight security in Islamabad as the protesters arrived in poor weather by truck, jeeps and cars after travelling the 350km (218 miles) from Lahore to Islamabad.
Cricketer-turned politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri, who have separate groups of supporters, have vowed to together bring one million followers on to the streets of the city.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Imran Khan was Pakistan's most successful cricket captain before they entered politics in 1996
Image copyright AFP Image caption The government has condemned the opposition, saying a rally would not remove the prime minister
Image copyright EPA Image caption The sit-in is expected to continue throughout the weekend, although numbers are fewer than expected
Mr Khan, who heads the opposition Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf party, said that the government was illegitimate, citing fraud and a failure to organise a probe into the elections.
They called for new elections, vowing to continue a sit-in until Mr Sharif resigns.
Police estimated the crowd was 60,000 strong.
Image copyright AP
At the scene: M Ilyas Khan
There is a carnival atmosphere on Islamabad's two parallel roads where the two opposition leaders, Imran Khan and Tahirul Qadri, are addressing thousands of followers. Most of the crowd comprises young men, but there are also women and children.
Most protesters have been walking since Friday when the march started from Lahore. They braved last night's heavy downpours. Many went away during the night, but many more have come back to listen to the leaders lay down their demands.
Many participants said they wanted change and would hang on for as long as their leaders wanted. But Mr Qadri's marchers in January of last year, facing the absence of toilets and an outbreak of viral diseases, could only continue for three days before they signed a hurried deal with the then government and called off the protest.
Mr Khan's convoy of protesters was pelted with stones on the way, in the city of Gujranwala.
Officials from Mr Khan's party said their vehicle was also shot at but they were not hurt.
A senior leader of Mr Sharif's ruling Pakistan Muslim League party announced that the government was ready to investigate the allegations of fraud from last year's elections, but said that Mr Sharif would not be removed through a rally.
The government says the protesters are trying to derail democracy. The prime minister's spokesperson Pervaiz Rashid condemned the "irresponsible behaviour and actions" of their opponents.
Mr Khan's and cleric Tahirul Qadri's supporters are angry about the sinking economy, growing militancy, and failure to deliver core services such as a steady electricity supply.
MONTREAL — Quebec will create its own registry for non-restricted firearms, Public Security Minister Pierre Moreau announced Thursday, more than three years after the Conservative government passed a law abolishing the federal long-gun database. Moreau said every non-registered gun in Quebec will receive a number that will be entered into a provincial database.
Quebec Interim Public Security Minister Pierre Moreau tables legislation creating a gun registry, during question period Thursday at the legislature in Quebec City. ( Jacques Boissinot / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
All firearm owners will have 12 months to register their weapon after a bill setting up the registry becomes law. The process can be done online, without a fee, Moreau added. “I think if there is resistance to this law it will be on ideological, not on practical grounds,” Moreau told reporters in Quebec City.
Article Continued Below
Canadian law divides guns into three categories: non-restricted, such as certain types of shotguns and rifles; restricted, such as handguns and semi-automatics; and prohibited, such as full automatics and sawed-off shotguns. Restricted and prohibited weapons must be registered under the Firearms Act. The Conservatives abolished the federal database for non-restricted guns, known as the long-gun registry, in 2012. Quebec fought the Tories all the way to the Supreme Court of Canada in order to receive the data related to Quebec gun owners but lost. Last April the RCMP destroyed what is believed to be all Quebec non-restricted gun records following the court ruling.
Moreau said they were disappointed their government will have to start collecting data anew, a process they said will cost $17 million. The annual cost of maintaining the database is estimated at $5 million, they said.
Article Continued Below
Quebec's law enforcement authorities lamented the destruction of the federal registry and Moreau said the province's police forces had been asking their government to create a made-in-Quebec version. Moreau said the former registry was important for police officers who would use it to know if a house they were called to have a weapon inside. “The idea is that every gun will have its own number,” they said. “We will be able to know where is the gun and who owns the gun.” Heidi Rathjen, co-founder of the Coalition for Gun Control, attended Thursday's news conference and called the bill “extremely good news.” Rathjen was a witness to what has become known as the Montreal Massacre, when a gunman killed 14 women at Ecole Polytechnique on Dec. 6, 1989. “Every anniversary (of the massacre) is a time to reflect on how far we've come in terms of gun control,” they said. “And for the last nine years it was nothing but bad news. The (Tories) continued to weaken (gun control) and this is the first anniversary since the last nine sad ones that we have good news.” Abolishing the registry was one of the former Conservative government's most publicly stated goals. The party said the registry was just for show, did nothing to save lives or solve gun crime and cost millions of dollars annually to maintain. Vic Toews, who was public safety minister at the time, called the registry “simply an attempt to make people feel safe, rather than doing something substantive in criminal law.” Moreau said he's in discussion with the new Liberal government to find out if there is any data left that wasn't destroyed by the Tories. The Quebec bill provides for penalties from $500 to $5,000 for people who fail to register a non-restricted firearm, while the fines for gun companies range from $1,500 to $15,000. Moreau's bill received unanimous support, in principle, from all parties represented in Quebec's legislature.
Read more about:
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was seen walking naked through the Gay Village after their clothes were stolen.
It's understood the victim met another man in a bar and they walked together to the towpath near Canal Street in Manchester city centre.
They willingly removed their suit and underwear, wallet, phone and keys at the waterside. But the second man then grabbed their belongings and fled towards Whitworth Street, police said.
A passerby called 999 after seeing a naked man on the towpath, near the New Union Hotel. When officers arrived they told them all their clothes and possessions had been stolen.
The offender was described as white, between 20 and 25 years old, and wearing a black tracksuit top and bottoms.
GMP city centre inspector Phil Spurgeon said after the incident: “This isn't about blaming the victim, it's a reminder to be aware of your surroundings and thinking about putting yourself in an obviously vulnerable position.”
A GMP spokesperson confirmed officers received a 999 call to the towpath off Canal Street at around 8.30pm on Tuesday, June 2.
Is Obama's 'firewall' crumbling? Romney draws level with President in 'safe state' of Wisconsin
Obama won there by 14 points in 2008
Romney to campaign in Wisconsin on Tuesday
Obama believes Ohio, Nevada and Wisconsin are their firewall
Mitt Romney is now tied with Barack Obama in Wisconsin, one of the 'firewall' states the president hoped would protect them against defeats in Florida and Virginia, according to a new poll.
Rasmussen found that Romney and Obama were tied on 49 per cent in the state, which Obama won in a 14-point landslide in 2008.
Buoyed by internal polling which shows similar numbers, Romney is to head to Wisconsin next week, as first reported by MailOnline last Tuesday. Romney will be campaigning in West Allis on Monday evening.
I WILL do that: Romney, pictured here on stage with Meatloaf and Randy Owen in Defiance, Ohio, is catching up with Obama in surprising areas Countdown: Romney's whirlwind tour of the country will see them go to Winsconsin next week
Crucial: Polls indicate Wisconsin could become the decisive state if Obama holds Ohio
Shining light: Romney wouldn't be wasting their time with a visit to Wisconsin unless they really believed they could snatch the state from Obama
We're with you: Romney is mobbed by supporters at Defiance High School
Romney advisers believe that Governor Scott Walker's recall victory this year gives them an organisational edge in the state. In addition, Representative Paul Ryan, Romney's vice-presidential running mate, is from Wisconsin and the Obama campaign has not spent there on the negative advertising that has been so effective in Ohio.
Scott Rasmussen, who conducted the poll of likely voters, said that Wisconsin could become the decisive state in 2012 if Romney takes Florida and Virginia - as current polling suggests - but Obama manages to hold out in Ohio, where they have a wafer-thin poll lead.
'If Ohio goes for the president, Romney has a few perilous paths to victory available to him. All require them to carry Wisconsin and its 10 Electoral College votes,' they wrote on their website.
'The simplest path without Ohio would be for Romney to win Wisconsin, Colorado and one other swing state. It's plausible, but an uphill struggle.'
Obama has long believed that Ohio, Nevada and Wisconsin is their firewall. Even if Florida, Virginia, Colorado and New Hampshire topple, victory in those three states would secure them re-election. Now, however, that firewall is under threat.
A Public Policy Polling (PPP) survey released on Thursday gave Obama a six-point lead, up from two points three weeks ago, but the Romney campaign points out that PPP is a Democratic firm and the swing of four points towards Obama when almost all other trends are towards Romney is implausible.
Candidate time is the most precious resource for a campaign in the closing day and Romney's foray into Wisconsin - their first since August - is an indication their team believes they have a real chance there.
The Romney campaign also believes Obama is very vulnerable in Iowa - a favourite state for the president because their caucuses victory there in 2008 was the first step on their road to the White House - and Colorado but in a slightly better position in Nevada.
Romney is advertising in Wisconsin and also New Hampshire, which Obama won in 2008 by 10 points.
Asked last week whether Romney themselves would be visiting Wisconsin in the closing days of the race, Eric Fehrnstrom, a senior Romney adviser, said: 'Yes. Paul Ryan was just in Pittsburgh. We'll be back in Wisconsin, sure. Wisconsin is definitely in play.'
Turbulence: President Barack Obama takes the stage at a campaign event at Cleveland Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland, Ohio, on Thursday night during their punishing campaign tour as they battle to shore up their support Holding on: Obama believed that Wisconsin was one of three states that would act as a firewall and secure them victory
Comfort: President Barack Obama pauses to greet people as they leave a campaign office in Chicago, Illinois on Thursday
Fehrnstrom held out the possibility of Romney competing seriously not only in New Hampshire and Wisconsin but also in the big prizes of Pennsylvania and Michigan, which Obama won by 17 points four years ago.
Asked about Pennsylvania and Michigan, they said: 'There are places we're going up for the first time,' they said. 'We just bought Boston TV so we can beam into southern New Hampshire because the battle is tightening there.
'All I would say to that is stay tuned. You've seen the polls coming out of those states. It does show a narrowing of the gap and we're watching those very closely.'
Another aide predicted that Obama would be travelling to Pennsylvania to protect their turf there. No decision has been made within the Romney campaign about whether to spend money in Pennsylvania or send the candidate there.
Good times: The presidential candidate enjoys a laugh with Meatloaf during a rendition of God Bless America at the football stadium at Defiance High School
Fireworks: The whole face of the campaign changed after Romney's first debate with Obama that re-ignited the race
In addition, the candidates have been travelling to Colorado, where Obama defeated Senator John McCain by nine points in 2008, Nevada, where they won by 13, Iowa, where they won by 10, and North Carolina, where they eked out victory by less than one per cent.
LAURA BUSH TO CAMPAIGN IN ANOTHER OBAMA SAFE STATE Laura Bush, the former First Lady, is to campaign for Mitt Romney in Michigan this weekend. Them appearance on the campaign trail is part of a Romney push for female voters. Mrs Bush has indicated they are in favour of abortion rights and has a much more positive image than their husband the former president George W. Bush. It also marks a foray into what has been assumed to be a safe state for Obama. No Republican presidential candidate has won Michigan since 1988 and President George W. Bush lost Michigan it twice even though they competed for it vigorously, especially in 2004. Romney, however, was born in Michigan and their father was governor there. Some polls have shown a relatively close race but Obama has been consistently ahead and neither campaign has spent on television advertising in the state. Obama last visited Michigan in April while Romney was there in August.
Strikingly, all nine states currently being contested were won by Obama in 2008 and Romney is not having to defend any states McCain won. In addition, Indiana, which Obama won by one point, has been surrendered.
Obama beat McCain by seven points and 192 electoral college votes nationally in 2008 so Romney is clearly the one who needs to make up ground. But in a race where Obama was long viewed as holding an advantage in terms of the electoral map, the shift towards Romney is marked.
'Something structural changed in the race after that first debate and nothing has happened since to change the new structure of the race,' Fehrnstrom said last week.
There are dangers, however, in attempting to expand the map. Resources poured into Wisconsin, New Hampshire or Pennsylvania are resources taken away from Ohio and other swing states.
The bottom line for both the Romney and the Obama campaigns is that whoever wins Ohio will almost certainly win the election.
Jim Messina, Obama's campaign manager, made clear last week they felt the election would be exceedingly close. 'Look, Here's the deal. This is a fight for 270 electoral college votes. In all the battleground states we either lead or are tied. It's a very close election. I always told you guys it was going to be very close.'
This story was edited in December 2018 to remove identifying information in accordance with cleveland.com's right-to-be-forgotten policy.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A former Laurel School teacher and middle school softball coach is suing a former student who accused them of sexually assaulting them when they were in the eighth grade.
The former teacher was charged with child rape and kidnapping earlier last year in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court, but a judge dismissed the charges mid-trial when they learned a Shaker Heights detective withheld evidence in the case. The Ohio Eighth District Court of Appeals has yet to decide whether to reinstate the charges.
The coach and their wife filed a lawsuit last week that claims the former student and their parents defamed their character and levied false accusations as part of a conspiracy to extract a payout from Laurel School.
The lawsuit also accuses Shaker Heights detective Jessica Page of violating the coach's constitutional rights by withholding a drawing the former student made during an interrogation.
Page's supervisors and the city of Shaker Heights are also named as defendants.
The lawsuit, filed by attorney Larry Zukerman, accuses the defendants of civil conspiracy, defamation, libel, slander, malicious prosecution, failure to properly investigate and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
It seeks at least $25,000 in damages.
Shaker Heights Police Department Commander John Cole, who is named as a defendant in the suit, declined to comment. Page is on administrative leave from the department and could not be reached.
The former student, who cleveland.com is not naming because they have said they are a victim of sexual assault, also could not be reached.
It's unclear how the lawsuit could affect the criminal case, should the appellate court reinstate the charges.
The girl reported in 2015, when they were a sophomore in high school, that the coach sexually assaulted them during two indoor softball practices in spring of 2013, according to court records.
The girl told Page in two separate interviews that the coach sexually assaulted them in a room in the school that doubled as a storage room for softball equipment and "art stuff," records show.
They drew two diagrams -- one to show Page the layouts of the gym and the equipment room, and the other to show where in the equipment room the assaults took place and the softball equipment was stored.
Page never put the second diagram into the investigative file that was given to prosecutors before the coach was indicted Sept. 12, 2016. The diagram was also never given to the coach's defense lawyers before their trial began May 8.
The omission was revealed in the middle of the trial. The coach's lawyers asked Judge Nancy Margaret Russo to dismiss the case, arguing that Page denied the coach their right to exculpatory evidence.
Russo excoriated Page in an 11-page opinion that dismissed the case.
Prosecutors appealed the decision to the Eighth District Court of Appeals. It's not clear when that court may render a decision.
The coach's lawsuit says Page intentionally withheld the second diagram because they knew it could hurt them case. The lawsuit says Page had become recklessly determined to convict the coach.
The lawsuit says Page told the former student that they were their "advocate," and that they wanted to act in their best interest. Page also told the girl that the coach's reputation would be ruined by their accusations, even if they were not convicted at trial, according to a transcript of the interrogation contained in court records.
The lawsuit also mentions a letter that a personal injury lawyer, who was representing the former student's family, sent to the Laurel School after the coach was indicted. The lawyer claimed the Laurel School was responsible for the coach's actions, and requested the school pay $2 million to the former student's family "to settle this matter pre-suit only," the lawsuit says.
To comment on this story, please visit Friday's crime and courts comments page.
Kickstarter: ˜Spinferno' Lets You Send Your Enemies Straight to Hell! - Mobile game allows players to get revenge on friends and enemies alike
April 05,2014 | United States | Technology
By funding Spinferno, you'll get the type of game you've always wanted to see on your phone - a game driven by artistic desire, playability!
United States, April 05,2014/Free-Press-Release.com/ -- Austin, Texas, June 25, 2012 - Award winning mobile app studio, Rocksauce Studios, is unleashing the fury of hell onto iPhones and iPads worldwide with their new mobile game, ˜Spinferno'. Tapping into the extraordinarily popular Kickstarter platform, Rocksauce Studios has teamed up with game creator Chris Crane and SCABFARM founder & MTV's Liquid Television artist Bernard Gumz, to give gamers the chance to work out their anger in a more cathartic way.
Based on Dante's classic ˜Inferno,' gamers can choose one of several always annoying archetypes, such as the Ex, the Hipster, the Boss, the Hip-Hopper, and others. ˜Spinferno' features the exclusive Create-A-Victim feature, allowing gamers to choose a photo from their device, crop the face of someone, and get some personal revenge.
Gameplay consists of pinball style action, as victims work their way through the 9 Circles of Hell, with a goal of inflicting as much damage as possible before the level is through. Spinferno's Kickstarter follows in the growing trend of game companies turning directly to their target audiences to help in the funding projects directly.
œAll of us have someone that's angered us so much we just wanna kill ˜em. Spinferno gives you that chance, without fear of going to jail, laughed Rocksauce Studios CEO, Q Manning. œKickstarter has become the go-to platform for creatives who want to make art without compromise. Audiences want something original, that's not watered-down because of corporate focus groups. There's nothing politically correct about Spinferno and we love that!
Initial plans for the game include iPhone and iPad versions. œIf we exceed our fundraising goal, we'll focus on developing Spinferno for additional platforms, said Chris Crane, who initially contacted Rocksauce Studios with the idea of a revenge-based iPhone game. œPeople are already begging us to bring it to Android and XBOX!
˜Spinferno' kicks off it's 45-day fundraising push today and seeks $125,000 in initial funding.
About Rocksauce Studios
Rocksauce Studios is an Austin, Texas based mobile app studio founded in 2010 by CEO Q Manning and COO Peter Yoder. Rocksauce Studios has worked on over 30 apps for the iPhone and Android platforms, including the award-winning Brewski Me application, highlighted by Apple at WWDC 2012.
About SCABFARM
Artist Bernard Gumz, of SCABFARM, has done work for MTV's relaunch of Liquid Television, My Chemical Romance, Mindless Self Indulgence, System of A Down, mc chris and more.
For More Information, Please Visit the Following:
http://kickstarter.com/projects/spinferno/spinferno-game
http://spinfernogame.com
http://rocksaucestudios.com/
http://scabfarm.com
Twitter Hashtag: #spinferno
Twitter Handle: @spinfernoGame
More Info
The latest chapter in the infamous saga of mary kay letourneau, the seattle schoolteacher who had a sexual relationship with their student, Vili Fualaau, when they were 34 and they were 12, ended last month when Fualaau and their mother, Soona Vili, lost their civil case against the school district and the local police. The jury refused to award them damages, deciding that the school and the police bore no responsibility for allowing the sexual abuse to happen. Commentators who followed the case said that Fualaau and Vili undermined their own case. They gave contradictory testimony at different times; they were easily painted by lawyers for the defense as a greedy and negligent parent. Yet one has to wonder if there is a gender angle here as well. Do many people, including jurors, still find it difficult to see a male victim in such a case as a true victim?
A few days after the verdict in Fualaau's lawsuit, a controversy in New Jersey provided a shocking illustration of this bias. Pamela Diehl-Moore, a former teacher who repeatedly had sexual relations with a male student when they were 40 and they were 13, was sentenced to probation by Judge Bruce Gaeta. What drew public attention was not the light sentence but the comments made by the judge in explaining it. "It's just something between two people that clicked beyond the teacher-student relationship," Judge Gaeta said. "I really don't see the harm that was done, and certainly society doesn't need to be worried."
It's almost pointless to add that such a reaction would be unthinkable if the sexes were reversed. In 1993 in Virginia, a male teacher who had sex wit h three teenage female students was sentenced to 26 years in prison - while the next day, a female swimming coach who had an "affair" with an 11-year-old boy and sexual encounters with two others got 30 days.
To many men's rights advocates, this double standard reflects an egregious form of political correctness: the refusal to take seriously the victimization of a male by a female perpetrator. (Sexual abuse of boys by adult men is seen very differently.)
But there are those - such as Bill Maher, host of the soon-to-be-extinct television show "Politically Incorrect" - who see political correctness gone mad on the other side. What's ridiculous, they say, is not that grown women who have sex with underage boys are punished less severely than male offenders, it's that the women are punished at all. They scoff at a fixation on gender neutrality which has supposedly led us to ignore basic differences between men and women, such as the "fact" that men and boys are always after sex.
Judge Gaeta seemed to endorse this view when they commented that sex with the teacher might have been an opportunity for the boy to "satisfy their sexual needs."
Do many adolescent and pre-adolescent boys have romantic and sexual fantasies about their teachers? Of course. Do they, in some cases, participate willingly and even eagerly in the "relationship"? Yes. But plenty of girls, too, fantasize about teachers and willingly get involved with adult men. And both girls and boys can be ultimately harmed by an experience they initially regarded as a thrill.
One could argue that older teens should not be presumed incapable of sexual consent (though few would attribute such a capacity to 11- and 13-year-olds). One could ask whether, in some instances, statutory rape laws are too rigid - particularly in states where the law requires no minimum age difference between the perpetrator and the victim, so that a young man just over the age of consent can theoretically go to prison for having sex with a woman a couple of weeks their junior. But gender shouldn't be a factor in these debates.
In this instance, the bias against male victims stems from traditional sex stereotypes, not feminist ones. Indeed, before the feminist push for gender-neutral laws in the 1970s, sexual contact between a woman and an underage male did not legally qualify as statutory rape in most states.
Nevertheless, feminists have not commented much on the lenient treatment of female sex abusers, and some have expressed guarded sympathy for them (some years ago on a talk show, activist attorney Gloria Allred deplored the fact that LeTourneau's husband had deprived them of contact with their children after their conviction). Perhaps it's the habit of solidarity with women. But this issue could provide an excellent opportunity to show that feminists value gender equity more.
Today—Tuesday, July 26th—is the court hearing for Volkswagen Group's preliminary approval of their proposed 2.0L TDI owner settlement (Update: It was approved). In case you haven't seen the details of the Partial Consent Decree that went public June 28th, it provided buy-back prices for the roughly 470,000 "Clean Diesel" 2.0L TDI powered Volkswagens and Audis (Jettas, Golfs, Beetles, A3s) sold between 2009 and 2015. It also provides for additional cash restitution to the owners of $5,100 to $9,800 on top of the buyback price, a sum arrived at by taking 20 percent of the trade-in value of your car in August of 2015 (pre-scandal) plus $2,986.73 but not to be less than $5,100 in any case (you can see the exact numbers here).
Or, assuming the EPA approves whatever fix VW comes up with to be emissions compliant and you want to keep your guaranteed-to-be slower, louder, and thirstier TDI, then VW will perform the recall and give you a check for the same restitution number outlined above.
That's VW's solution to make good. But it actually shorts VW's most important customers: Original owners who purchased or financed a new TDI (Full Disclosure: My wife is the original owner of a TDI and, as there is no interest like self interest, we've carefully read all of the court documents). Lessees, on the other hand, will come out nicely with the restitution money and their leases voided without any penalties.
I know a lot of TDI owners saw the proposed settlement numbers and thought they were great. But when you really look at it, are they? TDI owners were sold a bill of goods and—after 16 years of knowingly defrauding consumers—VW has somehow found a way to share the financial downside of being caught with the very consumers they lied to.
No matter how you slice it, VW spent 16 years perfecting what is unquestionably wholesale fraud on a level unheard of today.
No matter how you slice it, VW spent 16 years perfecting what is unquestionably wholesale fraud on a level unheard of today. This "cheat device," referred to internally at VW as the "acoustic function," was in its sixth generation when discovered. Yes, six versions of it were carefully engineered over a decade and a half to fool regulatory agencies and not be detected. All the while VW hung their hat on the "Clean and Green" and "Clean Diesel" sales pitch knowing their cars were anything but—polluting at up to 40 times the legal limit anywhere but on an EPA dynamometer. They knew that without this cheat device that their cars would not perform and would not make the numbers for either fuel mileage or longevity. By all reports this was not some back room secret or an outside supplier pulling the wool over VW's eyes; this was a company-wide choice that went all the way to the top. Internal emails have been discovered talking about how they wouldn't get caught, and even after they did instruct VW Group employees to stonewall authorities and not explain the cheat device. Further evidence has surfaced that VW employees began destroying documents as soon as they were tipped off that investigators would be coming.
There isn't a level this isn't appalling on.
And don't forget: The US is just a part of VW Group's worldwide market as well. It is estimated that there are eleven million VWs diesels currently operating with the cheat device software in place. In any other industry it would be unheard of to defraud consumers to this extent and then be allowed to negotiate a settlement where original owners get a percentage of their money back.
If Apple sold a product that was found to be as falsely advertised as TDIs what do you think the outcome would be? Partial refunds at wholesale level? A little remediation money for the damage done to the environment? A software fix and a check to make you go away? I doubt it.
It won't happen but I don't know why VW Group isn't being forced to refund every consumers full purchase price, including the sales tax they paid, plus any direct damages (maintenance, upgrades, etc.) plus restitution to make right for the fraud. Make people whole, not almost whole. Buying a new car is hard enough for most people, and who wants to do that again?
Ok, so VW isn't giving full retail value. Fine. The problem? The value of the buyback and additional restitution is determined from NADA Book trade-in value, which is essentially wholesale. That doesn't make customers whole. It is buying back the car they bought new, at retail, for its depreciated used-car value. And the older the TDI is the less VW has to pay. Here's the bigger question: Why does this trade-in value proposal exist when it clearly contradicts the agreement laid out in the 225-page Partial Consent Decree posted on the FTC's website that, in part, reads:
IV. PARTIAL INJUNCTIVE RELIEF A. Buyback, Lease Termination, and Vehicle Modification Recall Program (Appendix A) 9. Settling Defendants shall implement the Buyback, Lease Termination, and Vehicle Modification Recall Program in accordance with the requirements set forth in Appendix A as one element of the remedy to address the Clean Air Act and California Health and Safety Code violations. 10. Settling Defendants shall remove from commerce in the United States and/or perform an Approved Emissions Modification (as described in Section IV.B) on at least 85% of the 2.0 Liter Subject Vehicles as set forth in Appendix A. Settling Defendants must offer each andevery Eligible Owner and Eligible Lessee of an Eligible Vehicle the option of the Buyback of the Eligible Vehicle at a price no less than Retail Replacement Value, or the Lease Termination in accordance with the terms specified in Appendix A.
How is trade in value the same as "no less than Retail Replacement Value?" Will VW open a special online vehicle sales marketplace where TDI owners will be able to take their buy-back check and purchase a replacement vehicle at wholesale, err, trade-in value? And, what about the sales tax credit every owner will lose? Typically that has been the only advantage to ever trade in your car when buying a new one, the simple fact that depending on your states sales tax rate, that you are exempt from tax on whatever the trade amount is. That is a savings of 5 to 9 percent on top of whatever you get for your trade. For example if you get a $27,000 trade credit and your tax rate is 7.95 percent you save $2,146.50 in tax on your new car. Meaning your net trade amount is actually $29,146.50.
TDI owners aren't trading in: they are selling outright to VW
But TDI owners aren't trading in: they are selling outright to VW and having to Uber somewhere else to get a replacement vehicle. At retail. With full sales tax. The only possible silver lining is that, according to the proposed agreement, you can elect the buyback option, lock in the price, but you don't actually have to turn the car in until September 1st, 2018. So there is potentially two more years of "free" driving, if you don't mind the stigma of being a gross polluter. The TDI emblems come off easily enough, though, and a new 1.8T emblem is $20.00 on eBay. . .
Even worse, beyond all of this, what has VW done to give diesel power a black eye in general? It took decades to change public perception after the horrible diesels that were thrust upon us in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
It will be interesting to see what happens with the settlement moving forward, as well as the criminal charges pending against VW both here and in the rest of the world. VW owners have proven to be a loyal bunch but I just don't see how this is something that can be Fahrvergnugened away. From where I sit VW, even with this multi-billion dollar penalty, has been given the deal of a lifetime, at least for now. And they should be happy consumers are fickle. Hey, we'd already forgotten the "sudden unintended acceleration" thing. Right?
Colin Comer is R&T's resident used car buff. If you couldn't tell, they don't think the VW Diesel settlement is a good deal for consumers.
Photographers: StaffHistoric Vehicle Association
Jeep has had an interesting and storied history since the American Bantam Car Company built the first pilot model for the U.S. Army in 1940. Jeep will be celebrating 75 years of production this year, and in honor of that, the guys at PRNewswire came up with a list of 12 facts about Jeep's history.
1. The Birthplace
Butler, PA is where the first “pilot model” of the 1/4-ton four-wheel drive truck was produced for the U.S Army and was built by the American Bantam Car Company. The first prototype model was delivered to camp Holabird in Baltimore on September 23, 1940, for testing. Even with design changes by Willys-Overland and Ford, the changes were refinements on the original Bantam concept.
2. The Grille
The slotted grille we all know and love is courtesy of Ford. The company's pilot model, GP-No. 1 “Pygmy,” featured a flat grille with integrated headlights. The first generation of the grille featured 13 slots in 1940, nine slots in 1941 and ended with the iconic seven-slot design in 1945.
3. The Go-Devil
The much-loved Willys-Overland Go-Devil engine is the main reason it won the lions share of the WWII production contract. Willys began reworking the L134 engine after bringing Chief Engineer Barney Roos on-board in 1938, resulting a durable and potent motor that powered Jeeps for years.
4. Original Willys
Willys-Overland produced two pilot models in 1940 called “Quads.” However, no one knows where it is now.
5. American Bantam Builds T3 trailers
Even though American Bantam is credited with the development of the jeep concept that started it all, the company lost out big on the military contract for the standardized WWII Jeep. They did, however, get the contract to build 74,000 T3 trailers for the U.S. military.
6. How do you say it?
There have been several arguments over the pronunciation of Willys. Is it pronounced “Willies” or “Willis”? In 1952, the Toledo Blade newspaper researched this issue and concluded it is pronounced “Willis.” Interesting.
7. Woody Willys
Willys Overland wanted their new product line to build on the success of the WWII Jeep. Designer Brooks Stevens was able to create an all-steel two-door, two-wheel-drive “station wagon” with a woody-look that was a hit!
8. Creator(s) of the Jeep
With such a successful vehicle it's no surprise there is more than one person who claims or is credited with fathering the Jeep. The list includes Col. William F. Lee (U.S. Army, Infantry); Charles Harry Payne, sales (American Bantam); Frank Fenn, president (American Bantam); Charles Probst, design engineer (American Bantam); Harold Crist, factory manager (American Bantam); Delmar "Barney" Roos, chief engineer (Willys-Overland), and many more.
9. It's All in the T-Case
The Spicer Model 18 transfer case was at the heart of the WWII Jeeps functionality, durability and off-road capability. This key to a stout 4x4 system lived on in civilian Jeeps for years.
10. Ford GP-No. 1 Hits The Auction Block
The Henry Ford museum auctioned off the Ford Pilot model GP-No. 1 “Pygmy” in 1982, not knowing at the time it was the oldest surviving Jeep. “Pygmy” currently resides at the U.S. Veterans Museum in Huntsville, Alabama, while the Henry Ford museum displays a 1943 Willys-Overland Model MB.
11. America's Oldest Jeep -- It's A Ford
American Bantam delivered the first pilot model to the U.S. Army on September 23, 1940, Willys-Overland delivered its first two pilot models, “Quads” on November 11, 1940, and Ford delivered theirs last GP-No. 1 and GP-No. 2 on November 23, 1940. Of these five original jeeps, only the two Ford vehicles have survived, making GP-No. 1 “Pygmy” America's oldest jeep.
12. “Pygmy” Honored as One of America's Most Significant Vehicles
The Ford pilot model, GP-No. 1, is America's oldest jeep, and on December 7, 2015, it was added to the Historical Vehicle Association's National Historic Vehicle Register and the Historic American Engineering Record at the Library of Congress. This documentation is a collaboration between the Historic Vehicle Association and the U.S. Department of Interior. The Heritage Documentation program is deigned to document historically significant automobiles, trucks, and motorcycles. The GP-No. 1 “Pygmy” fits that bill perfectly and is the eighth vehicle to have the honor of being recorded. You can see the 1940 Ford pilot model GP-No. 1 at the U.S. Veterans Memorial Museum in Huntsville, Alabama, where it sits on permanent display.
Source: Historicvehicle.org
SEATTLE - Smoke was seen for miles Thursday as firefighters doused flames at a home in Seattle's Maple Leaf neighborhood.
The fire was caused by spontaneous combustion from oil staining rags and was deeded accidental, fire officials said. The estimated total loss due to the fire, including damage to an adjacent home, is $310,000.
The house is in the 1200 block of Northeast 94th Street. The owners were home when the fire started but escaped without injury.
It's not clear what sparked the blaze.
When firefighters arrived, they worked to ventilate the roof, causing thick smoke to rise into the air, fire officials said. The move intensified the fire but made it safer for firefighters to fight the flames.
There is significant damage to the roof and the side of the home, KOMO News crews report.
Firefighters remained on scene after extinguishing the fire to mop up hot spots.
This story is developing and will be updated.
\
Obese patients create big problems for surgeons
" Obesity complicates surgery in many ways," said Dr. Robert Holloway, a cancer surgeon at Florida Hospital .
Being obese is not only hard on your health, it's also hard on your health care. Surgical patients who carry a lot of extra weight can expect longer surgery times, longer recoveries and more complications, say those who operate on them.
Just getting through the fat layer takes more time, Holloway said. Obesity can often double the length of surgery.
"At a minimum, a two-hour procedure will become three," they said.
The more time a patient spends in the operating room, the greater the chances of complications. For instance, obese patients lose more blood because they're open longer.
Once through the fat layers, "the tissue is harder to retract and displace, making it more difficult for us to expose and access our target," they said.
Poor visibility leads to more chance for surgical error. To operate from a greater distance, surgeons need longer instruments and bigger retractors, which add expense and are harder to handle.
After surgery, obese patients have a much greater chance of infection at the incision site. If the surgery is abdominal, the weight bearing on the incision makes it more likely to reopen.
"Ten percent of morbidly obese patients will have a breakdown of their incision," Holloway said.
Morbidly obese patients also have a harder time breathing when sedated, said Dr. Jeannie McWhorter, director of the ob-gyn program at Winnie Palmer Hospital for Women and Babies.
Because their airways tend to close when they're under sedation, they need breathing tubes inserted more often. Getting a tube into their airways is more challenging, they said. "Their necks are bigger, so it's harder for anesthesiologist to see their vocal cords. The intubation often requires video assistance."
By comparison, intubation on a very obese patient can take 30 to 45 minutes, whereas for a normal-weight person, it takes only a few minutes.
"Sometimes the anesthesiologist can't intubate the patient at all, and we have to call off the surgery," McWhorter said.
To address the airway problem, bioengineering students at Rice University in Houston recently invented a suction device that hoists the abdomens of obese patients up and out of the way while surgeons operate. The respiratory assist device uses suction cups attached to horizontal bars to lift the bellies of the obese to help them breathe.
Gearing up for heavy demand
Thirty years ago, before obesity became an American epidemic, demand for such a device didn't exist. Today, however, hospitals are having to gear up to support the fast-growing numbers of obese and extremely obese patients.
Looking ahead to the 2011 fantasy season
I know, I know, with championship games still hanging in the balance, it may be a little early to start looking forward to next season, but there were a few late-season performances that got me thinking about 2011. After all, it's never too early to find a few sleepers.
Jonathan Stewart
All right, they don't qualify as a sleeper, but with DeAngelo Williams' future in Carolina in doubt — he's a free agent and the Panthers may not want to pony up to keep them — Jonathan Stewart could emerge as a first- or second-round fantasy RB next season. “The Daily Show” was handed the keys in Week 8 and really disappointed fantasy owners with just 30 yards on 14 carries against the Rams. They looked pretty good on just five carries (for 30 yards) against the Saints before being knocked out for two games with a concussion. But after returning in Week 12 against the Browns, they rattled off five quality rushing performances, averaging 106 rushing yards and an eye-popping 5.5 yards per carry over the last five games. Granted, the Seahawks, Browns and Cardinals were all in the bottom third against the run, but the Falcons were 13th and the Steelers were 1st, and Stewart averaged 7.4 and 3.9 ypc, respectively. (The Steelers only gave up 3.0 ypc on the season, so 3.9 is actually impressive.) The fact that Stewart was able to run like this despite zero threat of a passing attack is also encouraging. If the Panthers can find a QB (or the light goes on for Jimmy Clausen), and Williams is elsewhere next season, Stewart could be in for a big 2011.
Jerome Simpson, Andre Caldwell, Jordan Shipley and Jermaine Gresham
There's a lot of talk about the Bengals cleaning house this summer, and that includes Chad Ochocinco and Terrell Owens. Both guys can still play, but the spend-a-lot-of-money-on-receivers strategy hasn't worked in recent years and the franchise might do well to start fresh with Simpson, Caldwell and Shipley, who have all performed well in stints during their short careers. Simpson and Caldwell are both third-year players, while Shipley is a rookie. After getting the start against a good Chargers pass defense, Simpson caught six passes for 124 yards and two TDs. They have great size and could be a solid starter if given the opportunity. Caldwell had a good sophomore season (51-432-3) as the de facto WR2 in 2009, when Laveranues Coles' production was less than expected. Their targets fell off a cliff when Owens came to town. Shipley seems destined for a long career in the slot a la Wes Welker or Danny Amendola. As for Gresham, the rookie has quietly put together a really solid first season. Their 52 receptions mark just the seventh time in league history that a rookie TE has caught 50+ passes. The Bengals can save $2.5 million if they cut ties with Ochocinco and T.O. is a free agent, so the Cincinnati receiving corps could look very different next season. Of course, these wideouts aren't going to have much success if there isn't a good QB throwing the ball The franchise has to decide what it wants to do with Carson Palmer, who has had their ups and downs this season (but looked awfully good throwing to this crew against the Chargers on Sunday).
Michael Crabtree
This guy needs a QB and a stable offensive system for a few seasons and he'll be a star. Their yards per catch (13.6) and percentage of targets that result in a reception were comparable to Terrell Owens, but T.O. got 139 targets through W15 while Crabtree had just 95. Why draft a WR in the first round if you're not going to utilize him? Crabtree showed what they could do against the Rams in W16, catching six passes for 122 yards and a TD despite playing with both Troy Smith and Alex Smith. If the 49ers can get a good offensive mind in at O.C. (and/or head coach) and can acquire a serviceable QB (think Donovan McNabb), then Crabtree could be a 5th-6th round talent again. If we have more of the same, then he'll be going in the late-middle rounds, which would be a shame given their talent.
BenJarvus Green-Ellis and Danny Woodhead
I don't have W16 final numbers yet, but heading into Sunday's action, BGE was RB16 and Woody was RB31 in standard leagues (they were RB21 and RB26, respectively, in PPR formats). Considering that neither player saw much action until the third game, their stats are a little depressed. The Pats locked up Woody for a few years, but BGE is a free agent after the season. If New England brings them back, the duo should be able to form a fantasy-relevant RBBC. The Patriots are so productive offensively that they can support two fantasy RBs, especially in PPR leagues where Woodhead really shines. If everything stays the same, I'd expect the Law Firm to be a good value as a third- or fourth-round pick and Woody to be one of those middle round RBs that will make a good RB3 or flex on most fantasy rosters.
Kenny Britt
He's obviously a wonderful talent, but there are a couple of things that could depress Britt's ADP next August: 1) Their (lack of a) work ethic and 2) their QB. They showed up to summer activities out of shape and had to work their way out of Jeff Fisher's doghouse early in the season, resulting in just 10 catches in the first four games. The Titans may be in transition at QB with Vince Young potentially on the outs. If this situation sorts itself out and Britt shows up to camp like a professional, I could see them go in the 4th or 5th round in standard leagues (and maybe the 3rd round in PPR formats). This guy has a TON of upside.
Jahvid Best
Best exploded out of the gates with five TDs and 268 yards in their first two games, but has been hampered by a toe injury for much of the season and has seen their production decline as a result. Best has the potential to be a Brian Westbrook-type weapon out of the backfield, but the Lions are going to have to find an inside runner to handle some of the between-the-tackles duties and limit the number of hits Best is going to take. Given their fragility this season, I expect Best will be a 4th or 5th round RB who could finish in the top 10 (especially in PPR leagues) if they can stay healthy. Hopefully they take a page from LeSean McCoy's book this summer and finds a way to beef up without losing any speed.
Tim Tebow
Tebow's debut against the Raiders was quite good from a fantasy perspective. They threw for 138 yards and rushed for 78 more, and accounted for two TDs (one rush and one pass). Those rushing yards and rush TDs are going to make them a fantasy weapon in years to come, but Tebow showed against the Texans that they can take advantage of a bad secondary, throwing for 308 yards while accounting for two more TDs. I bet Tebow will be a middle (7th-10th) fantasy draft pick next summer which will make them an interesting prospect for those of us who play QBBC.
Houston establishes itself as a pioneer in regenerative medicine Texas Heart Institute led the researchfor organ repair using human stem cells
Cells have been removed from the pig heart at left, providing researchers at the Texas Heart Institute ﻿a framework to build a new heart with stem cells. ﻿ Cells have been removed from the pig heart at left, providing researchers at the Texas Heart Institute ﻿a framework to build a new heart with stem cells. ﻿ Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Photo: Melissa Phillip, Staff Image 1 of / 25 Captions Close Houston establishes itself as a pioneer in regenerative medicine 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
Inside Doris Taylor's lab at the Texas Heart Institute are ethereal white pig hearts, stripped of their cells and now a blank slate of an organ.
Removing cells from an organ is fairly simple for scientists like Taylor. Rebuilding the organ by injecting stem cells is the tricky part.
But that's exactly what Taylor hopes to do: grow a human heart by injecting human stem cells into a "decellularized" organ.
"It's very cool, the stuff we're doing," Taylor told the Houston Chronicle a few years ago.
While Houston is internationally known for being at the apex of cancer treatment, the city is also quickly establishing itself as a leader in regenerative medicine.
At its core, the regenerative medicine is focused on finding new ways to help the body repair itself, often through the use of stem cells.
For example, scientists at Houston Methodist are hoping to someday restore hand function to paralyzed patients by using stem cells to help repair the spinal cord. Baylor College of Medicine is invested in research that might prevent cerebral palsy by coaxing cells into the brain to produce myelin, which foster communication between nerve cells. Children with brain injuries are benefitting from stem cell research at UT Health Science Center at Houston Medical School.
At the Texas Heart Institute, a dream team of scientists that includes Taylor are studying various ways to compel damaged hearts to self-repair, including zeroing in on the best stem cells to use for treatment.
"Our goal in research at the Texas Heart Institute is ultimately to prevent cardiovascular disease, and along those lines make it tolerable for people to relieve symptoms, their pain and help improve their overall lifestyle," said James T. Willerson, the Institute's president. "And this is the important piece of it. I think it's one of the most important things we do.
The use of stem cells in medicine has evolved rapidly since a pair of Canadian scientists first confirmed the existence of stem cells in 1961.
Stem cells are found both in early stage embryos and in adults, in the blood marrow and elsewhere. They are of particular interest to scientists because of their ability to easily divide and develop into various types of cells, sometimes repairing damaged cells.
Because of their potential to repair damaged organs, Willerson got interested in stem cells in the 1990's and began working with them in animal research.
In 2000, that research took a monumental leap when they and a Brazilian colleague, Emerson C. Perin, got approval to perform the first ever injection of human stem cells into 14 patients suffering from advanced heart failure in Rio de Janeiro.
Using a specialized catheter, Willerson and Perin injected stem cells taken from the patient's bone marrow and injected them into 15 sites in the heart.
Within a year, the results were nothing short of amazing.
"Some that couldn't walk from here to the door were now jogging on the beach in Rio, not very fast, but quite an improvement," Willerson said.
That study was the first of its kind in the world and in 2004 Willerson and Perin asked the Food and Drug Administration for permission to replicate it in the U.S.
After much scrutiny, permission was granted and 20 patients in various throes of heart failure were injected with their own stem cells.
That study taught them not all stem cells were created equal. Stem cells that come from people under the age of 60 tend to perform better.
Perin, who is now the medical director of the Institute's Stem Cell Center, has focused their research on a more specialized type of stem cells known as mysenchymal cells.
In a 2015, they were the lead author on a study that found injecting 150 million precursor mysenchymal cells into patients with severe heart failure prevented future heart attacks, death, and worsening heart failure.
"That's almost unheard of," Willerson said. "And this was a very sick group of people."
Working with stem cells is not without controversy, particularly if that means using embryonic stem cells.
In 2006, a Japanese researcher found a way to reprogram adult stem cells to behave like embryonic stem cells. These cells known as induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) became a game changer by removing some of the moral objections over research with fetal tissue.
The technology to create iPSC's combined with a brand-new genome editing tool known as CRISPR-Cas9 are giving scientists a new way to detect genetic mutations and possibly fix flaws that in the past caused debilitating diseases.
"I would say the sky is the limit," said Ben Deneen, an associate professor at Baylor College of Medicine's Stem Cells and Regenerative Medicine Center.
Deneen's research is focused on coaxing cells in the brain to make myelin, which is often damaged when an infant suffers a loss of oxygen to the brain. When that happens, cerebral palsy or multiple sclerosis occurs.
It's just one example of a regenerative medicine that doesn't involve injecting stem cells directly into a damaged organ.
Scientists at Houston Methodist's Center for Neuroregeneration are also looking at new ways to trigger the brain to repair itself in hopes of someday helping people with severe paralysis recover the use of their hands.
"When you survey people who have had severe strokes or are quadriplegics, they most want to see function of their hands restored," said Phil Horner, the Center's director. "Way down that list is walking."
Historically, scientists have had to rely on wires to stimulate the parts of the brain that control movement. But that method tends to cause scarring and isn't a good long-term fix for patients.
That's why Horner and others are excited about using new mechanisms to stimulate the brain such as lights, and magnetic fields.
"To me it's an extremely exciting time," Horner said. "Instead of the old trial and error ways of the past, we're starting to approach the brain like engineers. We are moving toward being able to re-engineer specific pathways in the brain. It's radically different way of helping patients."
Credit: Marvel Comics
There have been superheroes before and since, but it's hard to be more original than the Silver Surfer. Created by Jack Kirby in early 1966, the silver-skinned alien being was, and is, one of the most exotic but inextricably human characters in the superhero genre. With a humbling visual design bereft oflacking the usual superhero accoutrement in favor of a simple but iconic chromed exterior and their surfboard, visually the Silver Surfer has more in common with Greek gods as seen in ancient sculpture than the four-color superheroes that they share the comics shelves with. As we near their fiftieth anniversary and the launching of a new Silver Surfer series by Mike Allred and Dan Slott, Newsarama looks to the so-called sentinel of the spaceways to see what makes the character the enduring icon that they are.
Credit: Marvel Comics
“The Silver Surfer may be the most original character in superhero comics,” Batman/Superman and Action Comics writer Greg Pak told Newsarama in 2010. “No one had ever seen anything like them when they first appeared, and they remain an internationally recognized icon to this day. My earliest memories of the Surfer come from reading a battered trade paperback of Son of Origins over and over again. I think what compelled me was that intense combination of sacrifice, heroism, tragedy, romance, and mind-blowing cosmic adventure. And there was the sheer audacity of putting a silver dude on a surfboard — and making it awesome.”
The “sheer audacity,” as Pak puts it, of Silver Surfer's features almost snuffed the character's chance from even appearing in comics. Kirby created Silver Surfer while fleshing out the plot Stan Lee had written for Fantastic Four #48; Lee's notes to the legendary artist hadn't included the character at all, instead focusing solely on the introduction of the world-eater Galactus. Kirby added the character on their own to the pages, and Lee was taken aback by this new character Kirby had introduced to the story.
“There, in the middle of the story we had so carefully worked out, was a nut on some sort of flying surfboard,” Lee recounted in the foreword to the 1995 book The Ultimate Silver Surfer. Calling this creation an “irrelevant little bit of whimsy,” the writer/editor asked Kirby to remove the character from the pages. According to Lee, Kirby fought back with Lee and explained that a character of Galactus' stature should have a herald, “someone to fly around and find planets for them to gobble up.” To explain the inclusion of a surfboard, Kirby said they added it because they were “tired of drawing spaceships.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
After taking some time and Kirby's words to heart, Lee eventually came around to the character Kirby inserted into their story and actually became one of Lee's favorite characters at Marvel.
“I detected a nobility in the way Jack had drawn him, a feeling of worthiness, of goodness, of - I might as well say it - of spirituality,” Lee explained. “As drawn by the genius of Jack Kirby, they were far more than merely some goofy stooge for the main super-villain. To me, they were honor and virtue personified. And that was the way I knew I had to write him!”
Lee would go on use the Silver Surfer not only in the Fantastic Four series but also on several solo Silver Surfer projects. Of all of Lee's comics oeuvre, their Silver Surfer stories would grow to be seen as some of the author's most thoughtful and introspective works for the celebrated showman. Those qualities that Lee seized upon became the key differentiator between the Silver Surfer and Marvel (and the medium's) other superheroes. This humble and introspective quality was “emo” decades before 21st century teenagers coined the term, and served as the character's defining attribute – for good and for bad.
“I sometimes have a hard time empathizing with the motives of superheroes, but show me a cosmic guru-philospher who's just plain decent – despite being frustrated by the idiocy they see where they go – and that's the headspace I'm happy to occupy,” said X-Men Legacy writer Si Spurrier in an 2007 interview with CBR. “The Surfer is a perpetual idealist: they can spot the potential for great things in the people around him, but can't understand why, in spite of it all, they're so petty, small-minded and intent on self-destruction. They lack the ability to just shrug and say 'that's life', so they wander about trying to make things better whilst constantly being reminded of how little success he's having. It's a really weird combination of depression and optimism that I love.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
At 2013's New York Comic Con when Dan Slott was announced as launching the new Silver Surfer series, the writer told Newsarama that Silver Surfer was the first superhero they ever read and it made an impact – even leading Slott to create a knockoff character for their college newspaper called the Nuke Surfer.
“So yeah, I have a strong affection for the Surfer,” Slott told Newsarama. “Silver Surfer is something I look at and say, "I can't wait!" When I work on Superior Spider-Man, I'm stressed. I feel the weight. I feel the great power and the great responsibility that comes with sitting in the Spider-Man chair. I fret and fuss over everything. And when I get to work on Surfer, it's like eating dessert. It's a lot of fun.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
At their most identifiable, the Silver Surfer has a certain Charlie Brown-esque humanity, possessing a deliberate conscientiousness to themselves and the ability to hope for the best. And in the same way that the Peanuts' Charlie Broown could never seem to fathom that Lucy would continually swipe the football out of their way at the last moment before a kick, Silver Surfer has a certain hope for greatness in others that can't be beat down – be it himself, others, and namely is sometimes master, Galactus.
“As for their flaws – I can think of only two,” Spurrier explained. “The first is that they simply won't allow themselves to accept that people are vicious, brutish creatures; he's so convinced that we all have the potential to be better that he'll do anything to bring that about. The second is that there's still a lot of the man they once are inside him, which ironically can sometimes make them subject to the same flaws - temper, impatience, self-centeredness - as the people he's trying to help."
Those aspects of the character have in effect made them a solitary figure in the Marvel Universe; with that much compassion and that much power, it's a harder character for comics creators to handle without the character becoming every story's problem solver and thus they find themselves frequently on their own, both in the story and in Marvel's line-up.
Silver Surfer #1 cover by Mike Allred.
"Many Marvel characters are loners, but the Surfer is the ultimate loner because when he's in their element he's a million miles from any other living soul," longtime Silver Surfer scribe Steve Englehart tells Newsarama. “It's tricky for a writer, in that they have to keep us interested all by himself, buif a writer can figure out how to pull that off then the Surfer is literally one in a million.”
Although the Silver Surfer's stories don't yet reach that million mark, there have been a notable number of tales told by Kirby, Lee, Englehart, Pak, Spurrier as well as the likes of Mœbius, John Byrne, John Buscema, Ron Marz, J. Michael Straczynski and others. Most frequently seen as a supporting character, the Silver Surfer has had their moment in the sun with these creators and has even won an Eisner in the case of Lee and Mœbius's Silver Surfer series (collected as Silver Surfer: Parable). For Greg Pak, it's the Silver Surfer's origin that really asks as a key through which to understand the character.
“It's easy to forget how itchy-scratchy Norrin Radd was back in the day, disgusted with the complacent culture of idyllic Zenn-La and filled with a longing for adventure and conflict,” Pak told Newsarama back in 2010. “A great set up for someone who ends up with more adventure and responsibility than any mortal should ever have to bear.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
Pak goes on to point out two lesser known Silver Surfer stories that both happen to show the character as part of an odd duality with other characters. In Tales To Astonish #92 and #93, Silver Surfer is paired with the Hulk which brings out the parallels between the two as misunderstood outsiders. And in the 1969 one-off story in Silver Surfer #5, putting the silver-skinned alien alongside a thoroughly normal man named Al. B Harper simultaneously showed how unusual they are compared to humans while possessing a humanity deeper than most.
With all the ups and downs in the Silver Surfer's 45+ year history in comics, it's hard to argue that their high point for the character in terms of popularity was in the late 1980s and early 1990s. it all began when Marvel tapped Englehart to launch a new series for the character, and unshackling them from the long-held rule since 1966 that Silver Surfer's imprisonment within the confines of Earth was a key part of the character.
“I thought then, and still think, that the "woe is me, I'm trapped on earth" thing had long since run its course,” said Englehart, who launched the second Silver Surfer series in 1987. “It was a great take on them when they ended the Fantastic Four/Galactus arc in 1966, but what it meant after that was, we were told they were a sentinel of the spaceways but we never saw it. Stan and John Buscema couldn't sell that, John Byrne couldn't sell that, so I decided it wasn't the creators, it was the box they'd put them in, and kept them in for over ten years. When the book was offered to me, the first thing I said was "He needs to get off Earth" - and they said, "No, that's what their stories are all about" - and I said, "But it makes them a wuss!" - and we went round and round on it, and they wouldn't budge. So I wrote three issues of a series with them on earth - and then, out of the blue, I got a call and they said "Maybe you're right." I don't know what changed their minds, but I started over, with the series you saw, and indeed, getting them out into space, with the vistas and all the Marvel space characters, was what was needed. It made them come fully alive, as a character and a concept, and that gave them the momentum and fan loyalty to keep them going long after I eventually left.”
Credit: Marvel Comics
Englehart charted a course for the Silver Surfer that crisscrossed the Marvel Universe with abandon, going straight through the Kree-Skrull War to black holes and even Surfer's long-requited homeworld of Zenn-La. It went up another notch when famed cosmic writer Jim Starlin took over the book in 1990, bringing with them their popular characters such as Thanos. During Starlin's 15 issue run on the series, they enforced the idea that Silver Surfer was one of the primary forces for good in Marvel's space titles and began to stoke the embers of what would become the massively popular Infinity Gauntlet series. After the series' fiftieth issue, Starlin handled the title over to their friend – and comics rookie – Ron Marz, who carried forth the ideas of their mentor and ended up writing the title for 54 issues, making them the most prolific of all Silver Surfer writers.
“Those were the days of the speculator boom, and everything was selling in numbers that are almost unimaginable in today's market,” Marz tells Newsarama. “Silver Surfer was selling really well when I took it over, somewhere between 250,000 and 300,000 copies an issue. It was a boom time across the industry, so you have to remember there were titles selling a million copies an issue. Silver Surfer was popular, but it wasn't Uncanny X-Men. Even so, I remember realizing at some point during my first year on the book that we were outselling Superman by a pretty wide margin, which just seemed insane to me. Obviously, the more copies your book is selling, the more scrutiny from above you have to deal with in terms of editorial oversight. So it's probably a good thing for me that there were other books selling much more. That allowed me to be left to my own devices more than you would be on a big franchise. I had to plug into various crossovers, and bring in some guest stars once in a while, but other than that, I was pretty much left to my own devices to decide where the story was headed.”
Growing simultaneously as the larger comic industry experienced a groundswell of popularity, Marvel's Silver Surfer character became a franchise with the publisher launching several graphic novels and miniseries outside the ongoing series, and even doing a video game, an exclusive trading card set and an animated series in 1998. But as the comics industry went through some down years, so did Silver Surfer. Their ongoing series was ended with issue 146 in 1998, and since then has primarily been used as a supporting character in various series with some rare chances at a solo spotlight in various miniseries of their own. When asked if they think a Silver Surfer series could work in 2013, Marz says there's no doubt – given the right tools.
“It would take the same thing it takes for any series to succeed: great story and great art,” says Marz. “I always felt like one of the real boons of the Surfer in general was that you could do any kind of story in any setting. You could do something small and character-driven on Earth, you could do something huge and cosmic in outer space. The playground is limitless, and despite being an alien, the Surfer can serve as a mirror for humanity.”
Solo series or not, to this day the Silver Surfer remains one of the most identifiable characters in comics and emblematic of the genre's cosmic stories. At the end of the day, many of the character's writers say their enduring popularity is tied inextricably to their early stories and original design that's brought them all this way.
“I think there's always an attraction for a tragic character,” states Marz. “He's incredibly powerful, they can do damn near anything, but there's always an aspect of tragedy or sadness to the character. That's great fodder for drama.”
For Englehart, they attribute it all to one man.
“He looks great. Bright white silver in deep black space. Very iconic,” says Englehart. “Credit Jack Kirby with that.”
While we continue to lose our minds over the 49ers losing Kyle Williams and Kendall Hunter for the rest of the season, I thought I'd take a few minutes to look back at a play that proved slightly important, and also provided a few laughs.
Early in the fourth quarter, with the 49ers leading the Saints 28-21, San Francisco put together a strong 16-play, 85 yard drive that ended with a field goal. The Saints still had a good chunk of time left to try and come back, but that kind of lengthy drive was critical in giving the defense some time to rest, and keeping Drew Brees & Co. off the field.
The drive almost ended up without any points on an end zone pass from Colin Kaepernick to Randy Moss. The pass appeared to be a fade to Randy Moss, but it seemed to be underthrown. Cornerback Malcolm Jenkins had turned and was reaching for the ball when this happened:
As you can see, Moss used their right arm to basically drag down Jenkins. They were not called for pass interference on the play and it is no surprise that Malcolm Jenkins is just a little bit livid. Had Jenkins tipped the ball before the contact it would have been clearly legal, but in watching this GIF over and over again, I am still surprised the ref didn't make the call.  They are on the right just before the end zone marker and they don't throw the flag. Some kind of Jordan rules, right? Even Michael Irvin thought this was pass interference!
Obviously I am plenty pleased the call was not made, but even if it had been made, I'm not sure it necessarily would have been a big deal. Offensive PI is a ten yard penalty. The 49ers would have had 2nd and 15 from the 15-yard line (unless it's spot of the foul, but I don't think so). Had they attempted two unsuccessful plays, it would have been a 33-yard field goal. David Akers has struggled at times this year, but more often than not it has been 40+ field goals, as opposed to chip shots. More likely than not, the 49ers still make the field goal.
It was a bad throw by Colin Kaepernick, but this is one more example of the value having a veteran receiver like Randy Moss on the team. I'm curious how many times a wide receiver will make that kind of play, even with the situation in their favor to do so?
Why this Teen Girl Should Inspire You to Bust the Stigma of Mental Illness
Alexis is a quiet 16-year-old girl. They keep to themselves and spends a lot of time drawing. They don't care for conflict, avoiding it at almost all costs. They always strive to be polite, respectful and to not hurt anyone's feelings. They can get along with most people with no problem.
She's a peaceable girl.
She's a Quiet Girl, but Speaks up When Necessary
I turned to them and said, "Uh, one in four. I just
We had a little discussion about all sorts of things. She's had several debates with friends about mental illnesses or even "disorders" that aren't mental illnesses, such as dyslexia and Asperger's. On Monday, Alexis was telling me that someone they know "doesn't believe in mental illness or at least they don't believe it's common."I turned to them and said, "Uh, one in four. I just wrote a post about this today because it's Mental Illness Awareness Week. 1 out of 4 adults and 1 out of 5 children. 1 out of 17 of those has a serious mental illness like bipolar, schizophrenia or major depression. Not common? Quite the opposite."We had a little discussion about all sorts of things. She's had several debates with friends about mental illnesses or even "disorders" that aren't mental illnesses, such as dyslexia and Asperger's.
She's not afraid to tell it like it is. They don't hide from the conflict when it comes to helping others understand, or when they see the need to bust the myths associated with a disorder.
She's bold when they have to be.
How My Teenage Daughter Showed Support of MIAW with Them Art
Later in the evening, they were drawing. She's always drawing.  They are one of the most artistic people I've ever known. Most of their artwork is by hand and some is digital. The one they were working on was digital. I took this shot, which I posted on Instagram .
Meet Portugal's most popular – uncanonised – saint.
Born in Porto in 1835, Maria Adelaide grew up in a local boarding school, and then in a convent in a nearby city, Vila Nova de Gaia. It was there they contracted tuberculosis, something plenty blamed on the strict closure and the very humid building, right on the riverside. Eventually, their condition became so serious that their doctors advised them to leave the convent and move back to Porto. They did so, but still the move wasn't enough, and their condition worsened yet again. This time, the doctors recommended a move to a seaside area “with plenty of pines and eucalyptuses.”
The story goes that the launderer of the convent, born in a little town that seemed to fit the bill just right, took it upon themselves to spread the news around, eventually managing to mass quite a considerable number of potential hosts for Maria Adelaide. Thus, they moved to Arcozelo in May of 1876, accompanied by a doctor and a handful of friends. There, partly due to the appropriate climate, partly due to the kindness they both gave and received from the locals, Maria Adelaide's health improved significantly, leaving them finally able to pursue their usual activities – they enjoyed baking and embroidering, and they used those two talents to raise money for anyone who needed it. They were also well-known for their way with children, to whom they often read the catechism.
Them blameless life came to a halt in 1885, when a sudden cold aggravated their fragile health condition. Maria Adelaide was buried in the local cemetery, in Arcozelo, where both they and their story lay undisturbed for the next thirty years.
Fast-forward to 1916, when the plot where she'd been buried was sold to a new owner – and most particularly, when the removal of the coffin revealed, much to the gravedigger's surprise, an incorrupt body, the clothes intact, exhaling “a strong scent of roses.” The men in charge determined that the body should be washed in chemicals and buried in a common grave – a rather pragmatic solution. Unsurprisingly though, this plan couldn't be kept secret, and what followed was a series of small conflicts between the authorities and the locals which eventually culminated in the invasion of the cemetery by the population during the Sunday mass. The enthusiasm was such that the coffin was allegedly brought back to the surface in a few minutes – with the body inside it, still incorrupt.
The “saint” was washed by a group of women, dressed in new clothes, and deposited in an urn, so the population could observe it in an orderly fashion. Still, they believed Maria Adelaide to be a saint due to their kindness in life, and their incorrupt body in death, and they wanted them to have their own chapel – which was completed in 1921, and then replaced by a bigger one in 1924. She's lain there ever since, though not as undisturbed as some would hope – there was a violent explosion in 1924, two attempted robberies in 1930 and 1931, an actual robbery in 1981 (which left damages to the body; two broken fingers on the left hand), and a vicious attack in 1983 by a man who tried to destroy the body of the saint with a club hammer.
Nevertheless, they carry on, and so does their cult – even if unsupported by the Catholic Church, which has refused their canonisation. She's been visited so many times, and offered so many small gifts, that they have their own museum. There, one can count around six hundred baptism, communion, and wedding dresses (it is said that the complete collection goes well over six thousand, though there's simply no way to showcase it), money from over twenty-five countries, all types of pottery, jewelry, candles, wrist watches, sports shirts, a few prosthetics and cut strands of hair, and thousands of photographs and thank-you notes.
Recent disturbing news involving “evil” actions include the Germanwings crash, Isis beheadings, the murder of an innocent man with a broken taillight by a police officer, a woman putting dead babies in a freezer, the trial of the Boston Marathon bomber and a son murdering a father for reducing theirs allowance.
In my practice, I have learned of love affairs and abandoned children, rent money squandered on drinking binges and hotels, funds stolen from impaired , false accusations of elder abuse by one about another in an effort to destroy family ties and increase inheritance funds, child molestation by teachers and chronic verbal intimidation.
In a review of a new book about Norwegian mass murderer Anders Breivik, http://nyti.ms/1FHNSIi reviewer Asne Seierstad, asks, “Was Mr.Breivik a political terrorist or simply a madman?”
Three Questions to Explore:
Are the perpetrators of such actions evil (connotes powerful), sick (connotes vulnerable) or evil because they are sick? Are such tendencies innate or are they due to a upbringing or both? Can such action be neither sick nor evil but the result of a momentary slip, zealous ideology or the powerful influence of another, sicker mind?
First, let's look at the dictionary definition of evil.
Evil Defined by Dictionary.com:
Morally wrong or bad
Wicked
Harmful
Injurious, unfortunate, disastrous
Bad conduct or character
or irascibility
Now let's compare “evil” to the DSM diagnosis of Anti-social ( , )
Deceitful
Conning
Impulsive
Aggressiveness
Reckless disregard for the safety of others
Irresponsible
Lack of remorse after hurting others and rationalizing having done so
Failure to follow the law
Additional Anti-social descriptions from the Mayo Clinic: http://mayocl.in/1oHdw6H
Exploits others
Using or wit to manipulate others for personal gain or for sheer personal pleasure
Intense egocentrism, sense of superiority and exhibitionism
Repeatedly violating the rights of others by the use of intimidation dishonesty and misrepresentation
Lack of empathy for others
Unnecessary or dangerous behaviors
Poor or abusive
Failure to learn from the negative consequences of behavior
Disregard for right and wrong
The evil definition and the antisocial criteria overlap. Clinicians do not use the word evil to describe clients. A charged word that implies moral judgment, evil is not a descriptive term or diagnosis in the DSM. Dr, Stuart Samenow, author of "Inside the Criminal Mind," covers this in their Psychology Today blog.
Clinically speaking, anti-social personality is hard to treat.
Those afflicted can be calculating, cunning, charming, organized and disarming. Because , and remorse are absent yet entitlement, egocentricity and greed reign, the suffering they cause others is meaningless to them. Self-gratification is really all that matters, the guiding principle of daily life.
Often psychopaths try to convince others that they are a persecuted party. Lies roll off the tongue with ease and spontaneity. They justify stealing by falsely claiming that they have been stolen from. Tears fall in the presence of benevolent listeners who may feel they are helping. But the seeming bond breaks if the antisocial person is crossed and it does not take much. Slight or imagined grievances set off rage, revenge, viciousness and physical or emotional violence. They will go to shocking lengths or depths to malign those who thwart them.
Though brief, psychotic or paranoid episodes might occur, anti-social people are not insane. The main problem is lack of , compassion and reciprocity in relationships. This is still a serious psychological impairment.
How does such a disposition come about? Current research suggests that while nurture plays a role, much of personality and temperament can be attributed to . Modeling is a reality and traumatized children may identify with tormentors but cruel and callous personalities start with hard wiring. Abused, deprived or neglected children can become superstars because they are driven to make things different in a “reaction-formation” sort of way. Thus we cannot assume that abuse begets abuse or that people were mistreated as children. Loving, devoted parents can produce entitled and cruel children who harm them as well as others.
The good news is that even if anatomy is destiny, early behavioral interventions mitigate the chemical make-up and can help children with conduct disorder, a pre-cursor to sociopathy, to self-regulate. These include:
Self-discipline
Containment
Family interventions,
techniques,
Anger methods
Confrontation
guidance
Once it was held that people commit awful or unlawful acts out of desperation and that support and could remedy the underlying injury. True, awareness is useful and is commendable but holding the hand of a sociopath leads to disaster. A sympathetic ear fuels entitlement, breeds brazenness and furthers destruction.
The problem is that sociopaths do not look “evil” in the sense that they are masterful at projecting (and utterly convinced of) their own virtue or vulnerability, no matter what havoc they have wreaked. Well meaning but ignorant others enable them. Sometimes others aren't even that well meaning but rater titillated by a battle. sadism directed at those that appear weak might also be at play. Some enjoy seeing others in desperate circumstances as it instills an inner sense of superiority. A schadenfreude- like phenomenon.
At any rate, horrifying psychopathology may be out there or within your own circle. If your brother, sister, cousin or aunt, are thus endowed you might feel ashamed, doomed, tainted, from poor stock, responsible somehow as if you should have been able to stop the madness. It is especially hard to get your mind around it if you are the target. For kin to want to ruin you is a taboo mind twister, but it happens.
Source: By Chloe Barron
If you have been blindsided by stunning malevolence here are 16 Focus Points to help you move on.
16 Focus Points
Survive the event even when you think you cannot (hard to see that there is light when you are in the dark) Fight despair Dis-identify with those who do not have your back but should Find witnesses who mirror, validate and empathize Associate with people who are compelled by truth Indulge in comforts till you regain your footing Get up when you cannot Break contact and cease dialogue with those who are incapable of acknowledging what they have done. Forever Brush off debris, detritus, bothersome people who are neutral when being upstanding is called for Start walking, one foot in front of the other; just move Take back your Have faith in your natural capacity for love and joy Hold on to your mental by working with a good therapist or spiritual guide Be a member of a community where emotionally perverse interactions are unacceptable Reach out to others who suffered the same Don't be injured, be angry.
Fury is fine, but do not waste time seeking revenge. Trust that comeuppance occurs with time, truth and the psychopath's long trail of transgressions.Let it go because what goes around comes even when you are not trying to influence the outcome.
Emma Gardner of the Economist Group presents a visual look back at digital publishing in 2012. No visual struck me more than the graph below showing the extent of devastation to newspaper print ad sales since 2006: $20 billion in annual revenue, down the drain. In that time, digital ad growth has erased only 2% of the losses. How dreadful. [Quarterly figures below.]
Where did the digital money go? It went to new online marketplaces, and apps, and sites. And Google. Yeah, basically the money went to Google. In 2006, Google made $60 billion less than U.S. newspapers and magazines. Now it makes more ad money than all of U.S. print media combined. Wow.
The scariest thing to comprehend here isn't that print is dead. Print newspapers aren't dead. They make $20 billion a year off ads. The issue isn't readership, either. More people pay for the Wall Street Journal and New York Times today than they did ten years ago, if you count digital subscriptions. That's not dead, and it's not the scariest thing about the newspaper business.
Look at that first chart again.
The scariest thing about the newspaper business is the idea that digital newspaper advertising is theoretically "alive" and "the future" even though it's growing at 1/50th the pace of print's decline. In the last five years, we've basically figured out one big thing about digital advertising -- the power of search -- while banner ads, native ads, and sponsored ads, and other non-search-advertising innovations haven't been rich enough to pay for anything except the most shoe-string of journalism budgets. Basically, the digital ad business for newspapers stinks. And if it continues its pathetic rate of growth, four things will happen.
First, many papers will erect pay-walls to beg for online subscribers. Second, many newspapers will discover their content is not distinguishing enough to justify digital subscribers and the pay-walls will flop. Third, many newspapers will continue to face newsroom and frequency cuts (e.g. going to three days a week). Fourth, many newspapers will die. They won't die because Google attacked and killed them. They'll die because newspapers have always been an indirect cross-subsidy of soft-news advertising paying for hard-news journalism. Online search simply offers a more direct way to advertisers to reach those soft-news readers.
“Out of the Grass, Into the Stripes”
Photo credit: Shazaad Kasmani
While most know that zebras' stripes serve as camouflage for protection from predators (when grouped together, their stripes make it hard for a predator to see just a single individual), there remains the conundrum of: Is it a black coat with white stripes, or a white coat with black stripes? Zebras are usually perceived as having white coats with black stripes because the general observation is that the stripes end on their bellies and legs, with the rest of the body white. If you take a look closer, zebras actually have black skin underneath their coats. So what it really comes down to is: are you a “the coat is half black” or a “the coat is half white” person?
This unique coat has made the zebra a target of poachers for a very long time. This, in conjunction with habitat loss and competition with livestock for resources, have been major threats to zebras throughout Africa. Particularly hard-hit, have been Grevy's Zebras (listed as ‘endangered') and Mountain Zebras (listed as ‘vulnerable'). The Quagga was a subspecies of the Plains Zebra that was once found abundantly in South Africa's Cape Province. Unfortunately, overhunting drove the Quagga to extinction more than a century ago. The last known true Quagga died in the Amsterdam Zoo in 1883.
Please click here to see ALL of our Photo of the Day winners and for more information on the Bush Warriors Photo of the Day Contest, including how to enter. Enjoy the beauty of nature, just as it was intended to be!
Like this: Like Loading... Related
More than 80 percent of voters oppose the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) plan to repeal its net neutrality rules, according to a new poll from the University of Maryland's Program for Public Consultation.
The survey presented respondents with detailed arguments from both supporters and opponents of the repeal plan, before asking them where they stood on the rules. It found that 83 percent overall favored keeping the FCC rules, including 75 percent of Republicans, 89 percent of Democrats and 86 percent of independents.
“A decision to repeal net neutrality would be tacking against strong headwinds of public opinion blowing in the opposite direction,” Steven Kull, the director of the university program, said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
The school said that its questionnaire had been vetted for accuracy by experts on both sides of the debate.
The FCC is expected to do away with its Obama-era regulations on Thursday. The rules prevent internet service providers from discriminating against web content or making websites pay for faster delivery speeds.
When the repeal plan goes into effect, internet providers will no longer be prohibited from engaging in discriminatory practices, but the FCC will require them to be transparent about how they handle web traffic. And, as FCC Chairman Ajit Pai argues, the Federal Trade Commission will be able to take action against companies that deceive their customers or harm competition.
The survey, which was published on Monday and reported earlier by The Washington Post, also asked respondents what they thought of each argument.
Overall, 48 percent of all voters found the argument to repeal the rules convincing and 51 percent found it unconvincing. Fifty-nine percent of Republicans found the argument convincing, compared with 35 percent of Democrats.
Three-quarters of all voters found the argument in favor of keeping the rules convincing, including 72 percent of Republicans and 78 percent of Democrats.
The poll surveyed 1,077 registered voters online from Dec. 6-8. It has a margin of error of 3 percentage points.
OAKLAND — Alameda County has become home to the first transgender trial judge in the country as Victoria Kolakowski won the race to fill an empty seat on the county's Superior Court bench.
With 100 percent of precincts reporting results, Kolakowski held 50.2 percent of the vote against Deputy District Attorney John Creighton, who had 48.7 percent.
The race gave voters a distinct choice between a candidate with unquestionable experience and one who would have brought a new level of diversity to a bench populated by prosecutors and men.
Creighton was the candidate with experience with more than 25 years arguing cases in front of juries as a county prosecutor.
Kolakowski was the candidate hoping to bring diversity to the bench through their experience being transgender and their background as an attorney focusing on civil matters through their job as an administrative law judge at the California Public Utilities Commission.
Kolakowski won a primary in June and campaigned on a platform of being the first transgender judge in the state and bringing change to a bench that, they argued, was too overloaded with white males.
Creighton campaigned on a platform of experience as they argued that their time in the Alameda County District Attorney's office gave them the experience a judge requires to make sound rulings from the bench during a trial. They also had the backing of more than 80 percent of judges in the county court system.
ONLY one person truly knows the torment injured NSW hooker Robbie Farah will be feeling at 8pm on Wednesday.
That man is Michael Ennis.
Nine months ago, Ennis was left shattered and robbed by two fractures in their foot, suffered just six days out from a grand final swan song with their former club Canterbury.
Ennis watched from the sideline as the Bulldogs crashed to a 30-6 defeat to South Sydney.
On Wednesday, Ennis is poised to earn their grand final redemption with their old sparring partner Farah, forced to deal with a similar emptiness from their seat at a sold-out Suncorp Stadium.
As of Tuesday night, time was expected to fail Farah and their gallant bid to overcome a broken right hand.
media_camera Farah's bid to play in the decider seems destined to fall short.
They have done everything possible, pushing NSW coach Laurie Daley all the way and right up until the captain's run.
But internally, the Blues always knew that despite the NSW hooker's bravery and defiance to play with broken bones in their hand, the gamble outweighed the risk in the biggest game of the year.
Farah has worked with Ennis throughout the entire build-up for the Blues. The pair, once archrivals, are now tied to the common goal of bringing down Queensland in their own backyard.
In the peak form of their career since moving from the Bulldogs to Cronulla this season, Ennis is ready-made for Origin.
It will be their eighth appearance for the Blues, their first match for NSW since 2011.
Their partnership with NSW halfback Trent Hodkinson, having spent four years together at the Bulldogs, was a major influence on Daley selecting them as Farah's shadow.
At 31 — 54-days younger than Farah — Ennis is also a wiser, more mature footballer than the gung-ho and flighty dummy-half they presented for the Blues four years ago.
KENT: Smith hamstrung by poor advice
TARGET: Blues to attack debutant
OCCASION: Decider is the biggest game of Gal's career
The aggression and niggle remains, but he's also developed into a genuine leader.
According to NSW captain Paul Gallen, Ennis indicated they were ready for the occasion from the moment they arrived in Blues camp last Thursday.
“He's been great from day one,'' Gallen said.
“He hasn't been shy, he's stepped up and has been some what of a leader around the side as well, as they are in all sides.
“He'll be fine. They know the game plan inside out already.''
Asked how they have settled into a NSW side glued together by a culture Daley has cultivated on mateship, Gallen replied: “He's a professional, everyone likes him.
“A few of the boys were a bit wary of them at the start, but even big Woodsy (Aaron Woods) came up to me and said he's not a bad bloke.
“He's run most of the training sessions in and out with Robbie.
“He's just a competitor. He's got more talk than niggle, he'll be great.''
The European Commission has been examining Google's Android operating system for nearly three years, and it is now ready to launch a formal investigation into claims of unfair app bundling. Google services and apps like Maps, Chrome, and YouTube are often bundled with Android devices, and competitors have complained that it's giving Google an unfair advantage. Regulators previously questioned telecom companies and phone manufacturers, to see whether Google forces them to bundle apps or services at the expense of competitors.
Three key areas of focus for Europe's Android investigation
"The investigation will focus on whether Google has entered into anti-competitive agreements or abused a possible dominant position in the field of operating systems, applications and services for smart mobile devices," says the Commission. The European Commission will focus on three key areas for its investigation. The first is whether Google has hindered the development and market access of rival apps and services by requiring or incentivising smartphone and tablet makers to exclusively pre-install Google's own apps and services. The Commission will also investigate whether Google has prevented smartphone and tablet makers from creating modified versions of Android that run Google's apps and services. A final key area will focus on whether Google is tying or bundling its apps and services on Android devices with other Google apps, services, or APIs.
Google has been increasingly adapting Android and its own APIs to bundle more of its own apps and services into the core benefit of Android, meaning forks like Amazon's own Fire OS do not always have access to the latest features and changes without access to the key Google Play Services APIs. Members of the Open Handset Alliance are forbidden from producing Android devices based on forks of the OS, so the majority of smartphone makers use Google's own version. The European Commission is clearly focusing on all of the intricacies of Google's smartphone agreements, and the Android investigation will run separate to the Commission's investigation into Google's internet search behavior.
Google defends Android
Google has responded to the Commission, defending Android in a number of ways. Google claims anti-fragmentation agreements ensure apps work across all Android devices, and app distribution agreements "make sure people get a great ‘out of the box' experience with useful apps right there on the home screen." Google's VP of Android engineering, Hiroshi Lockheimer, argues that the company's app bundling "helps manufacturers of Android devices compete with Apple, Microsoft and other mobile ecosystems that come preloaded with similar baseline apps." Lastly, Lockheimer compares Google to Apple, noting that "there are far fewer Google apps pre-installed on Android phones than Apple apps on iOS devices."
While Google's comparison to Apple may be valid, recent IDC figures show that Android dominates smartphones shipments with 81.5 percent marketshare, a huge lead over Apple's 14.8 percent. Together, Android and iOS made up 96.3 percent of all smartphone shipments in 2014. "We are thankful for Android's success and we understand that with success comes scrutiny," says Lockheimer. "We look forward to discussing these issues in more detail with the European Commission over the months ahead."
A Federal Heights police officer shot and killed a fugitive parolee — who officers believed was armed — when they refused orders to surrender and attempted to flee.
Police said the man had driven to an apartment complex after threatening a woman. There were three other people in the car with him. Police arrested two suspects and are searching for another person who bolted on foot.
The officer fired multiple shots at the unnamed suspect after the man refused several orders and climbed into a red Mercedes-Benz at building 18 of the Tuscan Heights Apartments in an apparent attempt to flee the scene.
The names of the dead man and the three other suspects have not been released. The name of the deceased suspect will be released by the Adams County coroner following confirmation of their identity and an autopsy, Federal Heights Police Chief Karl Wilmes said.
A woman called 911 at 9:54 p.m. Tuesday night saying that the parolee had threatened to go to their house. The man had violated parole and was sought on arrest warrants, Wilmes said.
“She was in fear for their life and the life of their daughter,” Wilmes said.
The unnamed victim warned that the parolee would likely be armed and uncooperative, they said.
Federal Heights police set up a perimeter at the apartment on the 1800 block of 85th Avenue and called an ambulance to prepare for the suspect's arrival, Wilmes said.
The victim told police that the suspect continued communicating with them – likely by text – because they remained on the phone with dispatchers. They repeatedly told them they were headed to their apartment.
Police spotted a red Mercedes-Benz occupied by four people roll into the parking lot. Wilmes said they believe there were two men and two women inside the car.
When the car stopped, all four people climbed out of the car and began walking to the apartment. Police then confronted the four, ordering them to surrender, Wilmes said.
At that point, the parolee, who appeared to be armed with a gun, darted back to the Mercedes and climbed into the driver's seat of the car. They ignored orders for them to stop.
At that point, one of the Federal Heights officers fired multiple shots at the suspects, striking the man.
“The only shots fired were by the Federal Heights police officer,” Wilmes said.
Paramedics already on the scene immediately attempted to revive the man.
They were taken to Denver Health Medical Center, where they were pronounced dead, Wilmes said.
The circumstances of the shooting are under investigation. Early on in the investigation it is not clear whether this was a domestic related incident, Wilmes said.
“It could be a lot of different things at this point. We're trying to sort it out,” they said.
Free Lives, the developers of the insanely popular game Broforce are hosting a very special game jam in association with Make Games SA.
Open to all South African game devs, participants can enter into four different categories in an effort to win R15 000 worth of cash prizes. There's also a spot at the Electronics & Gaming Expo (EGE) and a trip to A MAZE. / Johannesburg up for grabs.
While the contest is only open to SA who are over the age of 18, interested parties can join in from anywhere in the world. The developers are also opening up their offices for contestants to work from, but if you'd like to make use of that kind offer you'll need to let them know via their Facebook page, which is listed below.
The jam will last 48 hours, but there is also an extended session lasting 72 hours for those games that need more work. This must be noted in your submission, and the extra time used will be factored into the judging.
SA Game Jam 2016 details:
Times
Theme announced, game jam begins: 5 PM, Friday 8th of July, 2016
5 PM, Friday 8th of July, 2016 Game jam ends: 5 PM, Sunday the 10th July, 2016
5 PM, Sunday the 10th July, 2016 Extension: 5 PM, Monday, 11th July 2016
Entry categories:
Student | Studying full time and have a student card
| Studying full time and have a student card Hobbyist | Don't make games for a living
| Don't make games for a living Diversity | Not a straight, white male. Send a personal message to Free Lives when you submit your game if you'd like to compete in this category
| Not a straight, white male. Send a personal message to Free Lives when you submit your game if you'd like to compete in this category Overall | Open to all
Prizes:
Student, Hobbyist and Diversity category winners will each receive R2 000
Best Art will win R2 000
Best audio will win R2 000
Overall Winner gets R5 000 and a spot at EGE as part of the IESA stand to show their game
An additional prize of a trip to A MAZE. / Johannesburg 2016 to be awarded at the judges' discretion. This includes a flight to Johannesburg from anywhere in SA and an entry ticket to A MAZE. It excludes accommodation.
To enter:
Start a thread on the Make Games SA site titled “ [SA Game Jam 2016] NameOfYourGame ” in Make Games SA's “Online Competitions and Jams” category and post your design ideas and game releases there.
” in Make Games SA's “Online Competitions and Jams” category and post your design ideas and game releases there. As you release files, edit your first post to point to the most recent versions available.
Include the following information: The name of the jam (“SA Game Jam 2016” for this contest) The project's name Level of experience (Professional, Hobbyist or Student) If the project is a 48 or 72 hour entry
Useful links:
We'll have more on this local jam as it happens, so keep checking games.htxt for more.
Colorado Lifts WSOF Champ Justin Gaethje's Indefinite Suspension
Less than 24 hours after Justin Gaethje‘s indefinite suspension was revealed to the public, it has been lifted.
After Gaethje took out Brian Foster less than 2 minutes into their WSOF 29 headlining bout at Bank of Colorado Arena in Greeley, Colo., on Saturday, March 12, they did their usual post-fight celebration, which included a backflip off the top of the cage fencing. The problem with Gaethje's celebration is that it went against Colorado's rules and they were warned prior to the fight not to do it.
RELATED > WSOF 29 Results and Highlights: Justin Gaethje Takes Out Brian Foster to Retain Belt
When the Colorado Boxing Commission's list of suspensions was released on Tuesday, it included Gaethje, who was suspended indefinitely for unsportsmanlike conduct for going ahead with their post-fight celebration.
Consider it “message sent.”
Josef Mason, director of the Colorado Boxing Commission, told MMAWeekly.com Wednesday morning that they simply wanted to be sure that Gaethje understood the “concern by the commission for the safety of all around the cageside area.”
After having a conversation with Gaethje on Tuesday, they were taken off suspension as of Wednesday morning.
Follow MMAWeekly.com on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Jeremy will save us all.
Time to pack up all your “X meets Y, but this time they're in Z” pitches for the year. The major broadcast networks — ABC, CBS, the CW, Fox, and NBC — have started to assemble their pilots for the fall season in advance of upfronts, when they present their offerings to advertisers. And among the roughly 70 pilots the networks have in contention (EW has helpfully tabulated them here) there are a handful that sound utterly ludicrous. As Mindy Kaling once parodied, these pilot loglines are written in a strange pseudo-English full of buzzwords only truly comprehensible to people in executive suites. In honor of the latest batch of shows that may just grace your TV screen, here are the ten most absurd pitches:
ABC's Deception
When their career is ruined by scandal, superstar magician Cameron Black (Jack Cutmore-Scott) has only one place to turn to practice their art of deception, illusion, and influence — the FBI. He'll become the world's first consulting illusionist, helping the government solve crimes that defy explanation and trap criminals and spies by using deception.
Now, if you'd made the lead a woman and called the show Ms. Direct, we'd really be talking.
ABC's Doomsday
In the aftermath of 9/11, the U.S. government instituted a secret think tank composed of the most creative minds in science and entertainment, tasked solely with dreaming up human-made disaster scenarios and their possible solutions. The ideas they invented were so dangerous that the list was sealed and the program shut down. But when a catastrophe ripped from the pages of the missing doomsday book occurs, the team is brought back years later to prevent the disasters of their own making.
This whole thing feels like a real misuse of government resources, which all clearly should have gone to stopping the preexisting threat of Sharknados.
ABC's Start Up
Based on the podcast of the same name, the project follows Alex Schuman (Zach Braff), an inquisitive journalist, husband, and father who dives headfirst into the brave new world of entrepreneurship when they quit their stable job and starts their own business.
How quickly did the ABC executives start drooling upon hearing the words “based on the podcast of the same name?”
CBS's Wisdom of the Crowd
Based on the Israeli format of the same name, and inspired by the notion that a million minds are better than one, a tech innovator (Jeremy Piven) creates a cutting-edge crowdsourcing hub to solve their own daughter's murder, as well as revolutionizing crime solving in San Francisco.
The thing I like about this pitch is that it starts off fine but then takes a hard left turn right at the moment when you hit “(Jeremy Piven).”
CBS's Me, Myself & I
A single-camera comedy examining one man's life over a 50-year span. The show will focus on three distinct periods in their life – as a 14-year-old in 1991, a 40-year-old (Bobby Moynihan) in the present day, and a 65-year-old (John Larroquette) in 2042.
Half the show will probably be along the lines of: “I bet everything will be better when I'm older” followed by a smash cut to when he's older and things are just the same.
The CW's Insatiable
When a disgraced, dissatisfied civil lawyer-turned-beauty pageant coach takes on a vengeful, bullied teenager as their client, they have no idea what he's about to unleash upon the world.
Way to really skim over the exciting story of how the civil lawyer became a beauty-pageant coach, CW.
Fox's Orville
A comedic drama set 400 years in the future that follows the adventures of the Orville, a not-so-top-of-the-line exploratory ship in Earth's interstellar Fleet. Facing cosmic challenges from without and within, this motley crew of space explorers will boldly go where no comedic drama has gone before.
… but not too much like Star Trek, the series.
Fox's LA –> VEGAS
An ensemble workplace comedy about a group of underdogs trying to find their place in the world, set on the Friday night flight from LAX to Vegas and the returning flight on Sunday, who all share the same goal: to come back a winner in the casino of life.
At what point does the plane crash on a remote tropical island inhabited by a smoke monster and a host of other compelling mysteries?
NBC's Good Girls
Explores what happens when three “good girl” suburban wives and mothers suddenly find themselves in desperate circumstances — they decide to stop playing it safe and risk everything to take their power back.
You might say that the good girls are going bad. This logline isn't about to — but you could. If you want. It's right there.
NBC's What About Barb?
Based on the hit movie What About Bob?, a psychotherapist tries to cut ties with their most overbearing patient, but is unsuccessful and gains an annoying family member in the process.
Not that Barb, though they're probably hoping you make that mistake.
In a good year, the management of water resources in the American West is contentious. When a drought hits, most everyone feels it, and this year is certainly no exception. The notion of sustainability in water-strapped places isn't much more complicated than balancing a checking account. And the budget projections aren't exactly encouraging.
The last thing this situation needs is a decrease on the supply side. Unfortunately, precipitation in the Southwestern US is projected to decline as a result of anthropogenic climate change. Double unfortunately, the last century isn't even a very good baseline for the region's climate without climate change. Records from things like tree rings show drier periods in the past. A recent study led by Cornell's Toby Ault attempts to pull this all together to improve our understanding of future drought risk in the region.
The worst US droughts of the 20th century were the 1930s “Dust Bowl” in the central US and the 1950s in the Southwest. In the past, the Southwest has averaged one or two of these almost-decade-long droughts per century, but there have also been droughts longer than anything in the historical record—droughts lasting several decades.
In the 1150s, for example, reconstructions tell us that the Southwest was in the midst of almost 25 years of below-average precipitation. For a solid decade, the Colorado River averaged about 85 percent of its normal flow. Arizona is allocated about 15 percent of the Colorado's water, which now rarely makes it to the Gulf of California before drying up. That's a decade without an Arizona's share of water.
Climate models simulate the year-to-year variability in precipitation pretty realistically, but compared to those reconstructions, they seem to simulate fewer of these less-common multidecadal extremes. So while they tell us that the Southwest should see a drying trend as the climate warms, they may underestimate the possibility of longer droughts.
For a better forecast, the researchers applied the statistics of past variability from several reconstructions and the historical record to the model-projected trends for the rest of this century. Using that information, they generated a thousand Monte Carlo simulations to see how frequently droughts of a given length should occur.
Climate model simulations alone give a less than 50 percent chance of a decade long drought in the American Southwest this century. The Monte Carlo analysis, however, put the odds in the neighborhood of 80 percent—and exceeding 90 percent in some areas.
The probability of a 35-year “megadrought” was 10 to 50 percent, depending on which scenario of future emissions is used. That would be the worst drought the region has seen in at least 2,000 years. Even the odds of an unthinkable 50 year drought were 5 to 10 percent in the business-as-usual emissions scenario.
The researchers actually characterize these numbers as conservative because they only assessed precipitation, while rising temperatures will also boost evaporation and influence droughts.
This study isn't about predictions derived from complete knowledge. (It certainly won't be the last study on the topic.) It's about describing risk, which is fundamentally an intelligent expression of uncertainty. Water managers need to understand these risks in order to effectively plan for the uncertain future and ensure that there's enough water for the always-thirsty West—as well as other regions around the world that will face similar challenges.
Journal of Climate , 2014. DOI: 10.1175/JCLI-D-12-00282.1 (About DOIs).
Manitoba Public Insurance continues to demonstrate rate stability
Nearly 400,000 passenger vehicles will experience a rate decrease
Manitoba Public Insurance has requested no overall rate increase for the 2016/17 insurance year in its general rate application filed today with the Public Utilities Board. If approved, this would be the 12th time in 15 years that Manitoba's public auto insurer has not requested a rate increase.
“With the PUB's approval of last year's rate application, we were able to apply to hold the line on rates this year.” Dan Guimond, President and Chief Executive Officer of Manitoba Public Insurance said today. “This rate application confirms the strength of the public auto insurance system.”
Guimond explained that last year's rate application approved by the PUB (3.4 per cent overall increase) helped to ease the deficiency in premiums that was being experienced by the Corporation. Normal levels of claims costs being forecasted and the Corporation's ongoing efforts to control operating costs, has resulted in not requiring a rate increase for 2016/17.
The Corporation's financial strength has been further stabilized with the transfer of $75.5 million to the Basic rate stabilization reserve from non-Basic lines of business.
“Our Corporation is committed to rate stability and predictability for our customers,” said Guimond. “Over the last five years, the yearly average rate change for a passenger vehicle has been about minus one per cent. The Corporation will continue to move forward in customer service and cost efficiencies.”
While the Corporation has requested no overall rate increase, the rates individuals pay for Basic Autopac will be determined by their driving record, the kind of vehicle (make, model and year) they drive, what the vehicle is used for and where they live. In any given year, an individual's premium may be adjusted based on the actual claims experience associated with these rating factors.
If the application is approved by the Public Utilities Board, 547,032 vehicles receive reductions in their Basic premium next year, while another 78,442 vehicles will remain the same.
Major Use Applied for Rate Changes Private passenger -0.10% Commercial 2.50% Public 6.26% Motorcycles -7.63% Trailers -3.82% Off Road Vehicles 0.00% Overall (applied for) 0.00%
The proposed rates will be effective March 1, 2016 but because renewal dates are staggered, some vehicle owners wouldn't pay the new rates until February 28, 2017.
Motorcycle Rates
The Corporation has requested a 7.63 per cent overall average decrease to motorcycle rates (including moped and motor scooters). If approved, 95 per cent of motorcycles will receive a decrease in rate, while 5 per cent will increase. In total, 14,062 motorcycle owners will receive a decrease in their premium. The majority of those owners are registered in Winnipeg and central and western Manitoba.
Mopeds and small-engine displacement motor scooters (2,729 units) will experience an average rate decrease of $12 to $310 per year, down from $322.
“Over the last five years, motorcycle rates have decreased overall by 28 per cent,” said Guimond. “The Corporation will continue to work with the Coalition of Manitoba Motorcycle Groups relating to both safety and rates.”
Annual Report
Manitoba Public Insurance also released its 2014 Annual Report this week. The report demonstrates the company's current financial strength and ability to continue to deliver the value Manitobans expect.
Manitoba Public Insurance reported net income from operations of $57.6 million. Investment income of $226.1 million was a significant contributor to the overall positive corporate results. The Basic plan also surpassed its goals by providing claimants with $1.09 in benefits for every $1 in premium – significantly better than the national average.
In addition to positive financial outcomes for the 2014 fiscal year, Manitoba Public Insurance also met or exceeded corporate-wide customer service standards 96 per cent of the time.
Last year, Manitobans filed an average of 1,102 claims every working day. This represents about $2.7 million in claims every working day.
Additional Information
The link that you launched this window from is invalid.
If you are attempting to purchase tickets, contact the box office for this organization and inform them that there is a problem with their online ticketing system. This problem can only be resolved by their organization. Vendini is the ticketing solutions provider for this organization.
If you are the webmaster for this organization, close this window and re-launch it. If the problem persists, check to make sure that you are using the supplied Vendini code. It is important that this code be used exactly as provided. Line breaks or incorrectly placed spaces will cause the order window to malfunction. Also, modifying the HTML source that is used to launch this window may violate your Vendini Membership Agreement and may disable your account. If you require technical assistance, contact your Vendini Account Manager at 1 (800) 901-7173.
Copyright © 2002-2019 Vendini, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
tl;dr: I'm a girl. I went to IPL 3. I took a picture with MMA. eSports is cool.
The following is a shameless recap of my weekend trip to Atlantic City. I wasn't there to play blackjack or go clubbing, though. Actually, I was attending IPL 3: Origins, an eSports tournament (no, not extreme sports, though some might call it that…actually, eSports refers to electronic sports). Are you sensing a wave of immeasurable nerdiness coming your way? Yeah, just brace yourself.
Here I am sporting my Press Pass (great perk of working for Them Campus)!
Why, you ask, was the sundress, heels, and mani/pedi-loving co-founder of a women's magazine attending such an event? Believe it or not, I'm actually a huge fan of Starcraft 2 (read: huge nerd), one of the most popular video games around and the main competitive event at IPL. Dear collegiette, you probably haven't heard of Starcraft before, so here's a very pared down explanation: it's like chess, but you can't see what your opponent is doing until they attack you. It can be played 1v1 or in teams. You train and lead units and use special abilities to destroy your opponent's base while protecting your own. And here's what it looks like:
Look familiar now? Yeah, this is that game you see your guy friends playing, prompting you to roll your eyes, pivot, and exit the room.
IT'S ACTUALLY A GREAT GAME.
(Trust me.)
IPL, hosted by IGN Entertainment, is one of several annual eSports competition extravaganzas to which professional gamers and amateur gaming enthusiasts flock to compete against one another for prize money (at IPL 3, the pot was $100,000), or just to spectate. Players go by aliases, so I'll be mentioning usernames alongside usernames throughout the post. And that's pretty much all the background info you need to know. So without further ado, here are my top three impressions/takeaways from my weekend at IPL 3!
Takeaway 1. Bring a camera. Bring a sharpie. Keep them eyes open. You might share an elevator with gaming royalty.
Within five minutes of arriving at Caesar's, the IPL venue, my friends and I got in an elevator with one of the most notorious professional Starcraft players around, Greg "Idra" Fields (pictured at right). This guy is known as much for being a formidable opponent as for their “bad manners” (swearing, quitting in a fit of rage) in-game. Of course I was too busy fiddling with my snazzy VIP badge and TOTALLY missed the moment. I quickly learned from this encounter, however.
The next day, we were tickled to see that Gordon Hayward (an amateur Starcraft player better known as an NBA player with the Utah Jazz) was offering to play Starcraft against anyone who wanted in. Of course my guy friends jumped on the opportunity and signed up (Video games + NBA?! No brainer for the dudes). And that's how I scored an autographed photo of Gordon Hayward.
Of course, there was also MMA…
Views of the Future of ATSC 3.0
The TV2020 conference hosted by TVNewsCheck during NAB NY last month including spirited discussions about various business models for rolling our Next Gen TV services powered by ATSC 3.0. Here are excerpts from the TVNewsCheck report on the “ATSC 3.0 Opportunities” panel:
By Glen Dickson, TVNewsCheck
NEW YORK — The next-generation ATSC 3.0 digital television system is much closer to reality than it was at the last NAB New York show in November 2016, with the possibility of the proposed standard being approved by the FCC [soon] and 3.0 transmission gear being purchased by stations soon after….
Broadcasters and industry consultants speaking Wednesday at the TVNewsCheck's TV2020 conference at NAB New York presented competing visions of the best early use-case of ATSC 3.0. In the panel “ATSC 3.0 Opportunities” moderated by TVNewsCheck Editor Harry Jessell, one side advocated an initial rollout of 4K Ultra-HD programming followed by a gradual move into targeted advertising. Another faction touted the near-term potential of a nationwide datacasting business that will first seek B-to-B customers like automakers and content delivery networks….
If they're lucky, broadcasters will start the new year with an approved standard in hand, said Jerald Fritz, EVP of strategic and legal affairs for ONE Media, a joint venture of Sinclair Broadcast Group and vendor Coherent Logix that has been developing ATSC 3.0 technology. Fritz is hopeful that a vote on the proposed standard will make the agenda for the FCC's Nov. 16 meeting. A successful vote could make the new rules effective in January, with 3.0 translators then being rolled out in conjunction with the spectrum repack over the next 36 months…
Sinclair, along with Nexstar, Northwest Broadcasting and other groups to come, will then begin deploying 3.0 single-frequency network (SFN) transmission systems to provide a full CONUS footprint for wireless data delivery. With the 3.0 system yielding 25 Mbps in a station's existing 6 MHz pipe and only 4 Mbps needed for HD, said Fritz, “there are a lot of things we can do.”
The first one appears to be datacasting, as Fritz described a nationwide data service that could help content delivery networks like Akamai and OTT players like Netflix deliver content to local servers for quicker online streaming to consumers. They said the One Media partners also planned to help automobile manufacturers like General Motors as they roll out autonomous (self-driving) cars, and that they had already done trials with GM in Michigan….
While Fritz was bullish on 3.0 datacasting, a very different picture was presented by Sandi Kozsuch, principal, strategic and industry initiatives for Cox Media Group and chairperson of the Pearl TV advanced TV consortium, which includes Cox, E.W. Scripps, Graham Media Group, Hearst Television, Meredith Local Media Group, Nexstar Media Group, Raycom Media and Tegna.
Launching enhancements to “the core TV service” with 4K and targeted advertising should be the priority for 3.0, they said, based on two different research studies Pearl TV had commissioned from Magid. “Those are the first two things we can focus on and get launched to consumers,” said Kozsuch. “After that will be automobiles and mobility.”
Kozsuch's point of view was echoed by Mike Chapman, managing director for Accenture Strategy, who said that providing 4K and High Dynamic Range (HDR) programming would be the “most attractive” first model for 3.0, particularly as Apple and other streaming players “democratize” 4K content.
“The monetization of that becomes a little tougher, but it gives the ability to bring you to parity,” said Chapman. “That's the best-use case from a broadcaster perspective, with the economics really targeted in programmatic advertising.”
“What we tend to see is when the dollars shift [to digital], they become hard to get back,” Chapman said. “When you cannot buy in the same way as other mediums, it becomes harder to capture those dollars. So that's probably the biggest ROI case for broadcasting.” That said, Chapman figured that a large-scale rollout of targeted advertising would be on a “longer-term roadmap,” probably three to five years from now.
FTI Consulting Senior Adviser Mary Ann Halford, who had previously done research on the ATSC 3.0 opportunity for Pearl TV, said the three key areas they identified were an improved TV experience with 4K, potential pay TV services via conditional access and advanced advertising.
“I think ATSC 3.0 gives broadcasters an incredible opportunity to hold the line and become offensive, not defensive, against the other incumbent players,” they said.
Halford seemed dismissive of the datacasting business that Fritz proposed, questioning whether broadcasters would have enough capacity to simulcast and do datacasting during a 3.0 transition that could take seven to 10 years. They also said that 3.0 datacasting would face strong competition from 5G and other new wireless technologies.
And Kozsuch said that while broadcasters might be able to do datacasting three to five years from now, they said the potential of working with automakers is “more midterm” and would only represent a window of a few years, after which most map data would have been delivered….
Fritz countered that the “length of time to deploy a service should not be the driving criteria, it should be the business case behind it.” Regardless, they said that by 2020 the One Media consortium will be “lined up to do a data dump.” More important, they reminded the audience that the original driver behind 3.0 development was achieving mobile DTV reception capability….
The one thing all the panelists seem to agree on is that it would be great if 3.0 was used to create better emergency alerting systems, particularly if such a system prompted … 3.0 tuner chips to be included in smartphones. On that note, the panel included a presentation by John Lawson, executive director of the Advanced Warning and Response Network (AWARN) Alliance, an industry group that has created an advanced alert system for smartphones, tablets and smart TVs that can deliver graphics, pictures and maps as well as clickable links.
“America has a very fragmented and fragile alerting system that is not really emblematic of a great nation,” said Lawson, who pointed to the failures of wireless alerts in the recent wildfires in California and the devastating fire in Gatlinburg, Tenn., last year. They added that on the day after Hurricane Irma, 80% of key cell sites in Florida were down, while only one full-power station was not functioning. They said that AWARN is launching technology development of a beta alert solution for 3.0, and that the FCC is paying close attention.
“We believe advanced alerting could be one of the key drivers for getting ATSC 3.0 signals onto mobile devices,” they said.
Reprinted with permission from TVNewsCheck.
That followed a warning by the American Heart Association last year that ibuprofen and other similar drugs can trigger heart failure, which occurs when the organ is unable to pump blood properly around the body.
Current NHS guidelines states that GPs may consider prescribing non-on-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for managing lower back pain in the first instance.
Last night Steve Tolan, head of practice at the Chartered Society of Physiotherapy, said moves to recognise the benefits of exercise as a primary treatment were “encouraging”.
“Painkillers are an understandable response to a back problem but they should not be offered alone and other interventions, such as exercise, are shown to be both cheaper and safer so represent a better option,” they said.
Back pain is a common complaint, affecting one in six people at any given time, although it usually improves within a few weeks.
But for many it persists and patients are advised by the NHS to stay as active as possible, try exercises and stretches, take anti-inflammatory painkillers and use hot or cold compression packs for short-term relief.
Dr Nitin Damle, president of the ACP, said: “Physicians should avoid prescribing unnecessary tests and costly and potentially harmful drugs, especially narcotics, for these patients.”
Other treatments the ACP is now recommending for patients with lower back pain in the first instance include spinal manipulation, tai chi and yoga.
Fernando Alonso has more than just a new track and a new car to learn as they prepare to compete in the 101st Indianapolis 500 presented by PennGrade Motor Oil next month. They also face a new approach to racing their teammates.
In Formula One, a teammate is as much an opponent as an ally. One need look no further than the ferocious battles between Lewis Hamilton and their Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg during the past three years.
In the Verizon IndyCar Series, however, teammates often play the role of defender and assistant. It's a different approach to team strategy than F1, where the duels between teammates are often as dramatic as the duels between teams.
Part of the reason behind that is numbers. In Formula One, teams are generally two-car operations. In INDYCAR, the top teams have four cars; for Indy, they'll field five or even six. Instead of one teammate, Alonso will have five at Indianapolis. If one of Andretti Autosport's drivers is in contention to win late in the race, the others likely will be called upon to help, not pursue.
One of Alonso's teammates in May, Alexander Rossi, experienced it firsthand last year. Rossi relied on teammates Ryan Hunter-Reay and Townsend Bell to tow them around the Indianapolis Motor Speedway oval in the closing laps so that they could save every drop of ethanol possible to coast across the finish line and win the 100th Indianapolis 500.
“What is different is how we race on the track,” Alonso said Saturday during an interview before the Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama presented by America's First. “(In Formula One,) we don't see our teammate in the first corner after the start different than any other driver. We consider them as an opponent. … When we are on the track in Formula One, there is no help for each other. Here, if anyone needs anything in the last 10 laps of the race and you have no options to win the race, you try to help your teammate win it. That's something that is very good.”
Here's something else that is very good (and also unlike their F1 experiences): Alonso's teammates aren't the only ones offering friendly advice.
“It's all very different from what he's used to, and I think it's impossible to try and forecast how he's going to adapt,” said Team Penske's Josef Newgarden, who won Sunday's race at Barber Motorsports Park. “Some guys adapt extremely quickly and it's like they've been doing it their whole lives, and other guys, they struggle for a while, and some never get it, some never figure it out, and they just don't like it at all and they don't want to do it.
“I think it's impossible to say,” Newgarden continued. “I think Alonso has proved in their career he's a very adaptive driver. They understand how to figure a situation out and then apply the techniques that are needed for each given situation. I think he'll respond really well.”
That's the interesting part of Alonso's experiment. Not only are their teammates – Hunter-Reay, Rossi, Marco Andretti, Takuma Sato and Jack Harvey – thrilled that the two-time F1 champion is on board for Indy, Alonso's opponents are thrilled, too.
“I think it's very courageous,” said Simon Pagenaud, the defending Verizon IndyCar Series champion. “It's going to be exciting, I think, even for us just to see how they do, and he's going to bring an incredible following from Europe, from Spain. … It's fantastic for INDYCAR. It's a new era, I think. It really is going to help us grow even more. We're obviously growing very well right now, but this is going to be a big boost. Super exciting. I just wish Hamilton and (Sebastian) Vettel were coming, as well. Hopefully that will happen someday soon.”
One-offs by drivers from other series are a welcome tradition at Indianapolis. Most recently, NASCAR driver Kurt Busch impressed with a sixth-place finish with Andretti Autosport in 2014. Many are comparing Alonso's attempt with F1 star Nigel Mansell's third-place finish at Indy in 1993. While it wasn't a one-off – Mansell went on to win the Indy car championship under CART sanction that season – it was a media spectacle turned legend.
“(Alonso's effort) is going to open a lot of doors for a lot of different people in the future,” said Scott Dixon, the four-time Verizon IndyCar Series champion who won the Indy 500 in 2008. “But it also opens up different series owners' eyes that it's not something that we only used to talk about in the 1960s, ‘70s and ‘80s.”
As their historic attempt got underway Saturday with a news conference, interviews, an appearance in the NBCSN booth during the race and meetings with teammates and competitors in the paddock, Alonso vowed to enjoy the experience.
“This race is so unique and so big that to experience those emotions and to drive in that place, that day, is something that everyone is telling me to enjoy,” they said. “Because everything happens so quickly; that you are so focused on the race, that you tend to forget what you are doing and where are you in that moment. So, I'm ready to enjoy everything that I live on that day.”
Alonso was at the Andretti shop Monday to be fitted for their Indy car seat.  They are “turning laps” today in the Honda simulator (see tweet below) before heading off to compete in the F1 Russian Grand Prix this weekend.
Alonso will be back in Indianapolis to participate in a one-day test at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on May 3. Scheduled from 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ET, fans are invited to watch from the Turn 2 infield mounds, the IMS Museum parking lot or the South Terrace grandstands.
Ticket information for the 101st Indianapolis 500 on May 28 and the INDYCAR Grand Prix on May 13 on the IMS road course is available at IMS.com.
For more information about Honda Racing, visit http://hpd.honda.com/.
Stadiums quaked as U.S. soccer fans urged their men's national team toward their successful qualification for the upcoming FIFA World Cup. Many of these supporters will soon descend on Brazil. There they will be joined by an estimated 600,000 revelers from around the globe. Unfortunately, these travelers may catch far more than the beautiful game.
To forewarn tourists of disease threats in Brazil, a new study led by Harvard University scientists has assessed the illnesses most often contracted during journeys to the South American nation. Researchers studied the case reports of 1,600 people who became sick after returning from Brazil between 1997 and 2013 to offer a snapshot of what people might soon encounter at the World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Three big clusters of disease emerged: Feverish blights such as dengue virus and malaria are no strangers to the tropics, yet they landed in third place on the list. Traveler's diarrhea—that familiar spoiler of overseas trips—was second.
The unexpected winner was skin worms, which accounted for two of every five recorded diagnoses among voyagers. “We were a little surprised by how common these skin infestations were,” says Harvard's Mary Wilson, a global health specialist who headed the study. “But then if you consider that many cities visited by people are right on the coast, it makes sense.”
The leading skin worm was cutaneous larva migrans (CLM), a hookworm typically caught while hanging around beaches. The worm larvae live in sand and can penetrate the intact skin of a bare foot or an exposed bum. The major source of CLM is dog and cat poop littered on the seashore. One survey of a São Paulo district discovered the parasite in 90 percent of canines and felines whereas a separate inspection of Recife's Alto Beach, a popular tourist destination, found the worm's larvae in one of every three sand samples. Rather than discourage beach-goers, however, Wilson and their colleagues hope that the findings encourage people to wear proper footwear and avoid sitting on bare sand.
The report is useful for doctors back home, too, says Susan McLellan, a clinical professor of public health at Tulane University who was not involved with the study. “Family-practice doctors miss CLM all the time or mistake it for another kind of worm,” McLellan says. “The article provides a nice review of the infections that might arise during these mass gatherings.” The survey comprised health data from the GeoSentinel network, a collective of health clinics spanning 40 countries and six continents whose purpose is to measure maladies as they cross international borders.
Mosquito-borne dengue virus, malaria and yellow fever are constant concerns for Brazilian public health officials. Other fears for the World Cup surround the emergence of chikungunya virus, which is carried by the same mosquitoes as dengue and which also causes fevers and rashes. The virus first appeared in the Western Hemisphere in December 2013, and experts have warned that the World Cup might increase the possibility that a new catastrophic epidemic will spread across the Americas.
Four of the 12 World Cup stadiums are located in regions endemic with yellow fever or malaria (see map); the risk of dengue is high throughout the country. Dengue virus and malaria caused the most hospitalizations among the surveyed travelers. No cases of yellow fever were recorded in the study, but the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention advises vaccination for those attending inland matches in yellow fever hotspots. Immunizations for measles and influenza are recommended, too, given that these infections thrive in crowds. The agency's website also features a list of health-related Portuguese expressions for visitors to learn, including phrases such as, “I have been bitten by mosquitoes” (Fui picado por pernilongo).
Yet tourists may find it more useful to study the mosquitoes' behavior. Mosquitoes with malaria live near the Amazon Basin and bite at night. In contrast, the main species harboring dengue and yellow fever—Aedes aegypti—feeds during the day and populates urban areas. They lay eggs in the small puddles of water found in discarded plastic cups, used tires and flowerpots. Outdoor spraying of insecticides has minimal impact, given that Aedes aegypti mosquitoes tend to camp indoors. “The Brazilian Ministry of Health has worked hard to get everyone to empty standing water from homes,” Wilson says.
Dengue has no vaccine or cure, but bug repellents serve as great shields. Wilson adds that luckily the soccer tournament and Olympic games will occur during austral winter, when dengue incidence is lowest for Brazil (see graph).
Sexually transmitted infections (STIs) are another health risk for tourists. Nearly one out of five international travelers engages in casual sex while abroad, according to a review of health literature, and about half of these encounters don't involve the use of condoms or other forms of protection. Approximately a dozen GeoSentinel patients were diagnosed with STIs on their return from Brazil. Brazilian authorities have recently cracked down on its sex worker industry, fearing a possible boom in STI incidence spawned by the games.
The aggressive tactics might be unwarranted, however, because mass gatherings like the World Cup and the Olympics are not historically connected with surges in prostitution or the trafficking of sex workers. “Sensationalism around international sporting events and paid sex is unnecessary,” says Marlise Richter, a sexual health and advocacy specialist at Sonke Gender Justice in South Africa.
During the 2010 World Cup in their home country, Richter and their colleagues interviewed over 2,000 male, female, and transgender sex workers at four sites. They didn't find any increases in the demand or supply of sex work nor did they observe an influx of migrating prostitutes. The most important action that the authorities could take to limit the spread of STIs, Richter says, is to promote the use of male and female condoms. “People should be having safer sex whether it's with a sex worker, a girlfriend or a one-night stand,” they add.
So pack a pair of flip-flops, some bug repellant—and perhaps a box of condoms, too. Viva Brazil!
Renters losing their homes without missing a payment Adam Doster
Published: Saturday November 17, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This While the housing foreclosure crisis of 2007 negatively impacted many homeowners with shaky financial histories, thousands of families are losing their homes without ever missing a payment. These residents are renters who had the unfortunate luck of living in houses whose landlords defaulted on their mortgages  a large but little noticed externality of the subprime fallout. While it remains unclear many renters have been evicted because of foreclosures, the Mortgage Bankers Association took a survey earlier this year and found that one in eight foreclosures was non-owner-occupied. But the association acknowledges that this figure likely underestimates the problem because building managers have an incentive to register as owner-occupied for tax reasons, even if the units are rented. According to the New York Times, in Nevada, which has one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country, 28 percent of mortgages that were in default earlier this year were for homes not owner-occupied, more than twice the national average. Arizona, Florida, and California, all states hit hard by foreclosures, are well above the national average as well. This is an explosion, said Judith Liben, a lawyer at the Massachusetts Law Reform Institute. This isnt business as usual. These are investors that overleveraged themselves, and the renters are collateral damage in the mortgage crisis. Although the stakes are lower for renters than homeowners, mostly because renters do not stand to lose years of equity, many renters feel blindsided by the news that they could be evicted, especially if they have been diligent in their rent payments. Cash for moving expenses and deposits on new rental properties can also be a financial drain, especially for tenants who had no idea their buildings were in danger of foreclosure. On Thursday, the House passed a comprehensive mortgage act that includes protections for renters. The House act, reports the Times, which the lending industry has opposed, would require new owners to continue the leases of tenants for up to six months after foreclosure. Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut, who introduced similar legislation in the Senate, said in a statement, A foreclosure doesnt differentiate between a homeowner and a renter residing in a defaulting property. Currently, most state or local laws do not provide this protection. Read the whole story HERE.
Oscar built up some buzz when they appeared on a radio show saying that they think about making a ring comeback every single day. They even went on to continue their campaign by telling TMZ that they wanted to fight Gennady Golovkin. But when Floyd Mayweather heard about Oscar's supposed intentions of coming back to the sport, they quickly offered them a rematch.
"Oscar ... He's coming back," Mayweather said in an interview posted by BlackSportsOnline on Wednesday. "I mean if they want to, we can rock 'n' roll in the same gym. ... They said they wanted a rematch, so if Oscar wants it, they can get it."
Oscar isn't interested though, 'thanks anyways', and took to Instragram to post a response to Mayweather (while wearing an ugly shirt).
Split decision... A video posted by Oscar De La Hoya (@oscardelahoya) on Jun 17, 2015 at 9:15pm PDT
In the clip above, Oscar says that they had a rematch clause with Mayweather during their 2007 fight that had to take place within a year, but Mayweather instead opted to retire for a year-and-a-day. Now Oscar says he's never coming back! Great Oscar, stay retired, what do we care? I mean, it was only you who started pitching the idea of a comeback publicly.
Side Note: Since we're talking about comebacks that aren't happening, I should also mention that the rumored Mike Tyson comeback against James Toney has also been debunked and won't be happening. No one is coming back. Absolutely nobody (except for maybe the White Walkers).
In early May 2012, a few days before the first round of national elections in Greece, the Greek police force published on its official website the mugshots of 26 people arrested under felony charges of threatening serious bodily harm.
In early May 2012, a few days before the first round of national elections in Greece, the Greek police force published on its official website the mugshots of 26 people arrested under felony charges of threatening serious bodily harm. Several of them showed signs of drug abuse. Some were immigrants, most were native-born Greek citizens.
But all of the people arrested and charged had two things in common: they were women and they were all HIV positive.
These HIV positive women were arrested as part of a major police operation that saw almost 100 alleged female sex workers rounded up from the streets of central Athens and force-tested specifically for HIV.
Those diagnosed positive were imprisoned and remain in prison in Athens, awaiting trial for the seventh month in a row – without ready access to their essential medication. Apart from their freedom and health, they have lost their right to privacy as their photos made the rounds of every major Greek media outlet, thus depriving them of the possibility of a future return to normal life in Athens or in their home towns and communities.
During the brief period of time when the case captured the attention of the mainstream media in Greece, it divided public opinion, shocking some who viewed it as a modern-day witch hunt, while reassuring others who – in the words of one Greek Socialist minister – recognized an urgent need for the protection of “the Greek family” and the Greek public at large.
In that brief window of time, these women became public enemy number one and behind their arrest, public outing and ensuing imprisonment, Greeks were asked to identify a strong, decisive State dedicated to public safety and swift justice.
But was that really the case? Did the Greek State act in the public interest? Does the criminalization of a disease protect public health? Did the financial crisis and resulting austerity measures and their implications for bringing forth legislative and policy change play a role in the case? What role did the mainstream media play in the case? What have been the implications on the women and their families as they face potentially several more months in prison before defending themselves in court? And indeed, how does a society facing a severe economic and political crisis maintain its cohesion without losing its humanity?
A new video-documentary produced by a team of volunteer journalists from the Athens-based citizens journalism community of Radiobubble will attempt to address the issues raised in this case, issues that have been only superficially addressed and in some cases even skewed by most Greek media outlets. The video will be released in spring 2013 and will feature archive footage as well as interviews with medical and legal experts, activists, journalists, as well as with some of the major players in this ongoing drama.
We need funding to make this happen. Please help us to tell this important story – and defend the rights of these women – by donating to cover the costs of producing the video.
Funding will be used for production expenses and support costs for those working on the project. A detailed, costed funding proposal is available on request. Radiobubble is hoping to use the video as a starting point for a feature-length documentary. Any extra funding will be allocated towards that goal.
You can donate through our Greek solidarity campaign.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License
FRANKFURT--Germany's producer prices dropped more than expected in January as energy prices continued to exert downward pressure.
The Federal Statistics Office said Friday that producer prices fell by 0.7% in January from December, and dropped by 2.4% from January 2015.
Economists polled by The Wall Street Journal had forecast declines of 0.3% and 2.0%, respectively.
Excluding energy prices, which can be volatile, producer prices fell by 0.1% in January from the previous month, and by 0.6% from the year-earlier month, Destatis said. The statistics office added that energy prices fell by 2.5% in January from December, and were 7.3% lower than in January 2015.
However, the prices of durable goods rose 1.4% from January last year, and the prices of capital goods increased by 0.6% from a year earlier.
Write to Emese Bartha at emese.bartha@wsj.com
I May Support player Hankil "Road" Yoon has been fined $2,000 and issued a one-game suspension for using "racially insensitive language" while playing on Korean servers.
According to Riot, Road was investigated after one of their teammates on the North American servers reported them for verbal abuse. Riot then investigated Road's various accounts and found that they were reported in five of their last 60 games in NA and 22 of their last 168 games in Korea. Specifically, Riot found that in one game, played on Sept. 19, Road used racially insensitive language to harass a teammate twice.
Riot noted that Road did not use any specific slur, and stated that Road was not punished earlier because their account was not being closely monitored.
On Thursday, Road publicly apologized to Echo Fox mid laner Henrik "Froggen" Hansen for verbally attacking them during a solo queue match. Road admitted to telling Frogen to "go die" in chat during the game, though claimed that they were attempting to tell Froggen they were being ganked and killed every time they went mid, rather than telling them to die.
"The words 'go die' that I said to the pro was not telling them to go die but it was because they had so many deaths and every time they went to mid, they would get ganked and die," Road said. "My ability to communicate in English is very limited, which is why I said it that way."
This suspension will prevent Road from playing in I May's Sunday game against the Flash Wolves. I May do not have a support substitute listed on their official LoL esports team page. The team is currently 1-2 in Group B heading into their Week 2 matches.
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore esports. You can follow them on Twitter.
ALLEGED ANONYMOUS LINKED computer user Jake Davis was in a UK court today over hacking charges.
Davis, who apparently went by the online handle Topiary, was arrested last August and faces a charge of hacking into the web site of the UK Serious Organised Crime Agency. They were due to enter a plea today, but according to reports this will not happen until later.
"Update: Jake Davis to enter plea May 11th," says a tweet from a Twitter account associated with Anonymous.
According to a tweet from freelance journalist Ryan Gallagher, the case has been delayed because there is suspicion of involvement of other parties, possibly in the US.
"Davis' defence will find out more details, including 'letters from foreign jurisdictions', on 30 March, when new evidence entered," Gallagher tweeted.
Davis' case is linked to that of another Anonymous suspect, Ryan Cleary, who allegedly ran IRC chat rooms used by the hacktivist group. They too will enter a plea on 11 May. µ
Tuesday's Department of Justice budget proposal asks Congress for $1.8 million to “meet litigation, acquisition, and appraisal demands during the construction along the border between Mexico and the United States.”
The money will be used to devote 20 new staff members, including 12 attorneys, to the Environmental and Natural Resources Division's Land Acquisition Section (LAS). This small section of the DOJ handles litigation that arises when the federal government uses its “eminent domain” power to seize land for public projects.
The new money and staff is being devoted to the southern border, where according to an overview released by the Department, just two LAS attorneys are currently working with a budget of only $329,000. The proposal represents a six-times increase in attorneys and a six-times increase in funding for LAS assistance with construction along the border.
No “wall” is mentioned in the budget proposal, and DOJ officials were reluctant to confirm that the massive scaling up at LAS was specifically linked to the wall. “We do not have border wall money in the Department of Justice budget,” Assistant Attorney General Lee Lofthus, head of DOJ's Justice Management Division, assured reporters at a press conference announcing the proposal.
Wall construction and the decision to purchase of the land necessary for it is not typically seen as a part of the DOJ's mission. Tuesday's budget proposals for border security and the Department of Homeland Security do, in fact, ask Congress for billions of dollars in funding increases. Up to $1.6 billion is claimed to be devoted to “a physical wall” along the southern border. A Department of Justice press official confirmed that decisions as to which land to acquire for border security purposes would most likely be made at DHS.
Defense of federal land acquisition, on the other hand, is squarely the Department of Justice's responsibility. The LAS handle the wide variety of lawsuits and legal complications that can arise when the government purchases and condemns land for any major federal project. By all estimations, any border wall would have significant land use implications.
Asked by Breitbart News if there was any specific issue compelling the department to request the addition of ten new LAS lawyers on the southern border, Assistant Attorney General Lofthus said that there was not, and made clear it was a precautionary measure based on the possibility of any number of challenges — eminent domain, environmental, etc. — that could have been made to the administration's efforts on border security.
Other big-ticket immigration enforcement requests for DOJ included $75 million to fund the 75 new immigration judges and their nearly 400 staff attorneys and support staff previously announced to deal with the massive backlog of pending removal cases. This will represent a nearly 25% increasing in federal immigration judges at the Executive Office for Immigration Review. The first of this new wave of immigration judges was sworn in earlier this month.
For the nation's criminal courts, the DOJ is asking for $7.2 to deploy 70 new assistant United States attorneys to handle exclusively immigration cases. New guidelines issued by Attorney General Jeff Sessions mandate far lower thresholds for referral for felony prosecution for illegal re-entry and harboring of illegal aliens than under previous administrations.
Along with the rest of the Trump administration's budget proposal, it now lies in the hands of Congress to approve the Department of Justice's requests for immigration enforcement. The current continuing funding resolution expires in September.
A false document is often promoted in conjunction with a criminal enterprise, such as fraud or a confidence game.
However, a false document is also a technique employed to create verisimilitude in a work of fiction. By inventing and inserting documents that appear to be factual, an author tries to create a sense of authenticity beyond the normal and expected suspension of disbelief for a work of art. The goal of a false document is to convince an audience that what is being presented is factual.
In business [ edit ]
Forged documents in business are typically for financial gain.
Material certificates [ edit ]
A material's certification, essentially a report of its composition and properties, may be forged. A low-property material, produced for lower cost, may be passed as a higher-property material, which has a higher price. The difference becomes illicit profit. Counterfeit fasteners have low-strength alloys or inferior production processes, but are sold as high-strength fasteners.
Safety certificates [ edit ]
Similarly, parts, systems, and processes for high-valued operations may have their quality-assurance documents forged. Substandard items may be cheaper or simply more readily available. Nuclear power plants in Japan and Korea have found components with forged safety documents. See also: Information Assurance
Degree certificates [ edit ]
Academic degrees often qualify for recruitment, promotions and additional pay. There are many methods to get false degree certificates. First, university officials have been bribed to issue a certificate without study. Second, false universities called diploma mills issue certificates that have no legal standing and are usually purchased outright without study, but they may still be legal. Finally, degree certificates have been directly forged, which is a felony in most jurisdictions. Besides the degree certificate itself, final theses and essays have been falsified by e.g. plagiarism, ghost writing or inclusion of fake references. Thus, the degree certificate itself is genuine but it may be revoked.
In politics [ edit ]
A forged document, the Zinoviev Letter, helped bring the downfall of the first Labour Government in Britain. Conspiracies within secret intelligence services have occurred more recently, leading Harold Wilson to put in place rules to prevent in the 1960s phone tapping of members of Parliament, for example.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion, purporting to describe a Jewish plan for global domination, was first published in Russia in 1903, translated into multiple languages, and disseminated internationally in the early part of the 20th century.
In art [ edit ]
Artist JSG Boggs's life and work have been extensively explored by author and journalist Lawrence Weschler. Boggs draws currency with exceptional care and accuracy, but they only ever draws one side. They then attempts to buy things with the piece of paper upon which they have drawn the currency. Their goal is to pass each bill for its face value in common transactions. They buy lunch, clothes, and lodging in this manner, and after the transactions are complete, their bills fetch many times their face value on the art market. Boggs does not make any money from the much larger art market value of their work, only from reselling the goods bought, the change and receipts and other such materials. They have been arrested in many countries, and there is much controversy surrounding their work.
Orson Welles' F for Fake is a prime example of a film which is both about falsification (art forgery and the journalism surrounding art forgery) as well as having falsified moments within the film. The movie follows the exploits of a famous art forger, their biographer Clifford Irving, and the subsequent fake autobiography of Howard Hughes that Irving tries to publish. The issues of veracity and forgery are explored in the film, while at the same time, Welles tricks the audience by incorporating fake bits of narrative alongside the documentary footage.
In cross-marketing [ edit ]
There is a long history of producers creating tie-in material to promote and merchandise movies and television shows. Tie-in materials as far-ranging as toys, games, lunch boxes, clothing and so on have all been created and in some cases generate as much or more revenue as the original programming. One big merchandising arena is publishing. In most cases such material is not considered canon within the show's mythology; however, in some instances the books, magazines, etc. are specifically designed by the creators to be canonical. With the rise of the Internet, in-canon online material has become more prominent.
The following is a list of "false document" in-canon supplemental material:
Additionally, a set of trading cards was produced which are also canon.
Bad Twin ISBN 1-4013-0276-9 is a canon tie-in novel for the TV series Lost
Hoaxes [ edit ]
A number of hoaxes have involved false documents:
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The 21-year-old CCSU student who was arrested on Monday after their Halloween costume triggered a campus-wide emergency and lockdown has been arrested again for returning to campus after they were warned to stay away, according to university police.
Police said David Kyem, a senior and son of CCSU geography professor Peter Kyem, had been asked not to set foot on campus until they had met with the school office of student Ccnduct. But around 1:15 p.m. on Tuesday, they were spotted around campus and in James Hall, the dormitory where they were first arrested.
Kyem is now charged with first-degree criminal trespassing. Yesterday, they were charged with breach of peace.
According to CCSU police, Kyem had been warned both verbally and in writing to stay away from the university campus until they had met with the school director of student conduct.
Campus Emergency at CCSU Ends Peacefully
911 calls reporting man with sword triggers massive police response (Published Monday, Nov. 4, 2013)
On Monday, the university released surveillance video and evidence photos from the three-hour police search, which started when students called 911 to report seeing a man with gun on the New Britain, Conn. campus.
Kyem was released yesterday after posting $1,000 bond.
The suspect's father, CCSU geography professor Peter Kyem, said the security incident was a misunderstanding caused by their son's Halloween costume.
Photos of the CCSU Suspicious Person Incident
They said their son had spent the weekend with a friend, attended a costume party the night before and was not in possession of any weapons. They don't think their son has ever held a gun.
"I think people saw them and mistook them for a gunman," Peter Kyem said. "They are all plastic materials, the mask and everything. ... It was a stupid thing they did."
David Kyem and two other people of interest were taken into custody yesterday.
Heather Trueman Talks of CCSU Alert
A student talks about what it is like on the campus after an emergency alert. (Published Monday, Nov. 4, 2013)
CCSU President Jack Miller issued a statement on Tuesday saying that you can never be too vigilant or react too strongly to the threat of violence and that behavior that causes "widespread fear" won't be tolerated.
This is the full statement from President Miller:
"As further information unfolds from yesterday's campus emergency incident, two observations have become clear to me about the world in which we now live.
"First, you can never be too vigilant nor react too strongly to the threat of violence. All potential threats must be taken very seriously, and the response must be a reaction to worst-case scenarios.
"Second, as an educational institution we must continue to educate our students and ourselves about the perception of threat. Behavior that causes widespread fear among our students and staff cannot and will not be tolerated."
David Kyem posted the following message on their Facebook page on Monday night:
"God bless everybody, stay positive and centered in love, not fear. Accidents and miscommunications happen but everything that happens in life is a blessing, a lesson or both. Just open your mind."
Kyem's suspicious appearance triggered a campus-wide lockdown. Police said 911 calls came in around noon as students reported a suspicious person who appeared to be armed. Listen to the first 911 call here.
"I saw a guy with camouflage pants, knee pads a body armor vest, paintball mask with tinted goggles, and they had a Katana strapped to their back," CCSU junior Jordan Governale said. "Less than a minute after I saw him, as I was walking off campus, I saw seven or eight cop cars in the direction they were going in."
Witnesses said police were running with long guns shortly after arriving on campus, telling students to take cover. Officers from several agencies, including SWAT, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security, swarmed the campus.
The lockdown lasted hours while police focused their investigation on James Hall, a dormitory where Kyem and two others were eventually taken into custody. Residents reported hearing an alarm go off and said police knocked on doors and told students who live on the first floor to evacuate to nearby halls.
Police said the three people of interest were apprehended on the fourth floor of James Hall, which houses more than 400 students.
"We ended up going floor by floor until we found the suspects," CCSU Police Chief Chris Cervoni said. "I believe all three were in the hallway, coming out of a room."
Police handcuffed Kyem, who was dressed in an orange shirt and camouflage pants, and escorted them from the building.
Authorities lifted the school lockdown shortly after 3 p.m. and gave students the all clear to leave the buildings where they'd been hunkered down. James Hall has reopened shortly thereafter.
Police said the building's ID card swipe system helped authorities track down the people they were looking for.
The other two people of interest haven't been identified, and it's not clear whether they are CCSU students. Cervoni said only that they are student-aged.
So far, Kyem is the only one who has been charged. Police are continuing to investigate.
All classes and events for Monday afternoon and night were canceled in light of the incident.
New Britain Mayor Tim O'Brien said no one was injured at the school that more than 10,000 students attend.
"I think this could happen anywhere so it just reinforced the idea that it's important to understand what the emergency guidelines are," said Kaylie Washburn, a senior at CCSU who said they rode the bus with the suspicious person and called police.
They said they were grateful for the quick police response and called 911 to "help prevent an incident like at Virginia Tech from happening at Central."
Tweets from @NBCConnecticut/ccsu-lockdown
Two New Britain schools were also placed on lockdown during the incident, according to Supt. Kelt Cooper.
Holmes Elementary, at 2150 Stanley St., was on external lockdown out of an abundance of caution, Cooper said. Children are not going outside, but they can move around freely inside.
House of Arts Letters and Sciences Academy, or HALS, located at 30 Pendleton Road, is very close to campus and was on full lockdown.
The lockdowns at both schools have since been lifted.
"I want to commend state and local law enforcement for their quick response," said Conn. Gov. Dannel Malloy, in a statement. "While there was no act of violence today, the actions taken once these reports came in are exactly why it is so important to say if something if you see something. Unfortunately, incidents like these will occur, but today showed us the ideal way for them to conclude – with no one seriously harmed."
China welcomes Syria's 'major step' to ease tension
BEIJING, Sept. 11 -- Syria has taken a "major step" in easing tensions in the country by showing support for a Russian proposal to place its chemical weapons stockpiles under international control, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said on Wednesday.
"China welcomes the Syrian government's latest statement. We hope all parties can seize the opportunity, respond positively to the statement and push for a proper solution to the issue of chemical weapons in Syria through political and diplomatic means," Hong told a daily news briefing.
Syrian Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi stressed support on Tuesday for the Russian initiative in order to avoid a possible U.S. strike against Syria.
Also on Tuesday, France reportedly drafted a United Nations Security Council resolution to demand a complete declaration of chemical weapons program from Syria and immediately open all related sites to UN inspectors.
The draft says necessary measures might be taken under Chapter 7 of the UN Charter, referring to steps ranging from sanctions to military intervention.
China supports the UN Security Council in playing its important role in peace and security issues and is willing to keep in contact with all parties on the Council's next move, Hong said.
"We maintain that the Security Council's actions should be based on consensus after full deliberation from all parties," Hong said, adding that the action should be conducive to easing tensions, preserving peace and stability in Syria and the region, and achieving a political solution in Syria.
Hong reaffirmed support for the Russian proposal, saying China has been in touch with Russia, Syria and other parties involved.
"On the Syria issue, we should safeguard the international rule prohibiting use of chemical weapons while adhering to a political solution," Hong said. "We need to promote the two tracks."
Russia has been working on a feasible, clear, detailed plan to place Syrian chemical weapons under international control. Contact with the Syrian side is under way at the moment, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday following talks with their Libyan counterpart, Mohamed Abdulaziz.
Lavrov assured that the plan would soon be submitted for further discussion to the UN Secretary General and the Security Council as well as the Organization for Prohibition of Chemical Weapons.
China will continue to uphold an objective and fair position, promote peace and dialogue, and play a constructive role in seeking a proper diplomatic and political resolution, Hong said.
They also said China has noted U.S. President Barack Obama's televised address Tuesday and reiterated China's opposition to chemical weapons use and the threat or use of force in international relations.
Hong said unilateral military action bypassing the Security Council is against international law and the basic norms of international relations, and worsens the unrest in Syria and the region.
Russia's proposal offers an important opportunity to ease the tension and properly resolve the international community's concerns on the chemical weapons issue in Syria, they said.
（Editor：ZhangQian、Yao Chun）
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 5, 2013, 11:22 PM GMT By CHRISTINA REXRODE
When the Dow Jones industrial average set a record high on Oct. 9, 2007, Bear Stearns still existed and AP file photos
Remember the world on Oct. 9, 2007? That was when the Dow Jones industrial average last set a record high.
It was a headier time back then: pre-financial crisis, pre-bailouts, pre-Great Recession. The stock market still felt like a party. The economy, salaries and investments seemed to go only up. Bernie Madoff was still running their Ponzi scheme. John Edwards was still a viable presidential candidate. Tiger Woods was still only known for their golf.
The Dow, a stock index that is followed as a gauge for the rest of the market, hit its highest close, 14,253.77, on Tuesday. Compare that with the day five years, four months, three weeks and six days ago, when it set its previous high of 14,164.53, and my, how the world has changed.
Occupy what street?
Back then, Bear Stearns still existed. So did Lehman Brothers, Wachovia and Washington Mutual. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were just mortgage lenders, not wards of the government. Far fewer people knew what it felt like to have their fortunes undone by a worldwide meltdown.
The vitriol against the banking industry was still pretty tame. "Occupy Wall Street" wasn't a thing. Mitt Romney, making a run for president, was criticized more for being a Mormon than for being a rich financier.
A "London whale" meant a whale from London, not the trader who caused a surprise $6 billion loss at JPMorgan Chase in 2012. TARP was something you used to cover a lawnmower. Now it's the Troubled Asset Relief Program, which the government used to bail out banks, carmakers and insurers, beginning in 2008.
Nobody outside Alaska had heard of Sarah Palin. Barry Bonds was still a home run champion, not a convicted felon in a steroids case. The first iPhone was new on the market, and the top-selling phone in the U.S. was the Motorola Razr, a "dumb" folding phone.
A fill-up felt less like a stick-up
The worst of the economic calamity was almost a year away. And even now, though the panic of the financial crisis is gone, its repercussions linger.
In October 2007, gas cost $2.77 a gallon. The average had never soared to more than $4, as it would the following summer. It's now about $3.74.
This was when jobs were easier to come by. The unemployment rate was 4.7 percent. Nearly a quarter century had passed since it had last hit 10 percent, as it would in 2009. It's now at 7.9 percent, well above the desired rate of around 5 percent.
This was when the U.S. was growing consistently. The economy hadn't had a losing quarter, meaning it shrank rather than grew, since 2001. But starting in the first quarter of 2008, it would shrink for five of six quarters. The economy has been growing the past three years, though it expanded at an annual rate of just 0.1 percent in the fourth quarter.
Homes were still sweet
This was when people believed their income could rise every year. The median annual household income would start falling, after adjusting for inflation, in 2008. It's now around $50,054, according to the latest data available from the Census. In 2007, after adjusting for inflation, it was $54,489.
This was when Americans took for granted the idea that housing was a good investment. The median sale price of an existing home was almost $207,000, still close to the record of $230,000, according to the National Association of Realtors. It would start falling in the summer of 2008 and crater at $156,000 in early 2011. It's now around $174,000.
A turning point quickly turned around
If the 2007 record teaches anything, it's that milestones and celebrations can evaporate quickly and severely.
A month after the Oct. 9, 2007, record, the Dow had shed 8 percent of its value. A year after, it was down almost 40 percent. At its worst point in the Great Recession, in March 2009, it had dropped 54 percent from its peak to 6,547.05.
Joe Gordon, managing partner at Gordon Asset Management in North Carolina, remembers, and is underwhelmed by the latest Dow record.
"You can hit these milestones," Gordon says. "But then it can always end badly."
AP writers Ben Walker, Christopher S. Rugaber and Jonathan Fahey contributed.
John Bazemore/Associated Press Montreal Alouettes QB Stephen Garcia suffered a bizarre off-the-field injury.
We don't usually report on the Canadian Football League injury list. But it's not usually July 3, and we haven't heard of many injuries like the one Stephen Garcia suffered.
Garcia, a South Carolina product with a long list of off-the field issues, recently signed with the Montreal Alouettes. But, as the Montreal Gazette notes, Garcia immediately had to be placed on the injured list because they hurt two fingers while getting off the team bus and flashing the peace sign.
We are so dumbfounded by the sentence above that we almost can't continue this post. This story wasn't embellished to sound wackier than it is. The account of how Garcia was injured came directly from the team.
Keep Garcia in mind the next time you flash the peace sign or give someone bunny ears. You might be endangering yourself and those around you.
Peanut butter is a favorite breakfast and snack for many Americans, and not only for them. The food paste, made primarily from ground roasted peanuts, with or without added oil, was first used by the Pre-Columbian peoples of Mexico, who used it as a base for various "moles", meaning sauces.
Now, a team of scientists presented the most recent and spectacular use of peanut butter ever. They have proven it's possible to turn the common peanut butter into the most expensive gems in the world, diamonds.
The experts at the Centre for Science and Extreme Conditions at Edinburgh University have been able to simulate the conditions it takes to make a diamond - which is no easy feat. The pressure must be maintained at 45 to 60 kilobars (nearly 1 million pounds per square inch) and the heat between 1,600 to 2,370 degrees Fahrenheit. Turning peanut butter into diamonds is done by pushing the peanut butter between the tips of two diamonds. Since a diamond is the hardest substance on Earth, it has the ability to create the intense pressure need to allow the carbon bonds in the peanut butter to break down and reform as a diamond.
However, diamonds made from peanut butter are generally very small. The largest produced to date are no bigger than sesame seeds. Also, unlike diamonds formed naturally, these synthetic diamonds capture nitrogen from the air, giving them a greenish or yellowish hue. One look at these peanut butter diamonds, and it would be clear they are not quite the real thing.
Sources:
There aren't exactly many Google Glass explorers out there, since Google has not put the $1,500 product on sale anywhere, but your chances of spotting a wearer in the wild is about to shoot up. The Glass team announced on Google+ today that over the next few weeks, all explorers will get to invite up to three friends to join the Glass Explorers program. They will still have to buy the glasses, mind you, but this means the device will soon be more accessible than it has ever been.
In addition to this, current explorers will have the one-time option to swap out their existing Glass for a new unit. These models should be more accessible to people who already wear glasses, as they will support prescription frames along with future lines of shades. They will also come with a mono earbud - which, though possibly better than the current speaker, probably still won't provide all that enjoyable of a listening experience. Once things are set up, owners will have up to sixty days to register for an exchange, but the team has yet to share when they intend to get the ball rolling.
More details are coming later, but for now, here's a video made with content filmed by explorers all over the US.
Sources: Google+, FAQ
First year Hall of Fame inductees, clockwise from left to right: Edmund McIlhenny, John “CaJohn” Hard, Dave DeWitt, Dave Hirschkop, Chip Hearn
Hot Sauce Hall of Fame Class of 2015!
The fiery foods industry is rife with talented and influential individuals, so selecting ten original nominees was no easy feat, let alone choose five folks to be inducted in the first year. The votes have been tabulated, and the announcement will be made today at the 3rd Annual New York City Hot Sauce Festival… here are the first five inductees to the Hot Sauce Hall of Fame Class of 2015!
During the induction ceremony (today, Saturday April 25th), the first class will be awarded fiery red jackets and some super sweet Hall of Fame rings!
Here are the winners…
Edmund McIlhenny – Created Tabasco Pepper Sauce in the 1860s and is the best-selling hot sauce ever.
John “CaJohn” Hard – Owner of CaJohn's Fiery Foods. The “Godfather” of the modern artisan hot sauce industry. Started in 1996 and has garnered over 650 regional, national and international awards, the most of any sauce manufacturer on earth.
CaJohn Hard Firecast Podcast Appearances:
Dave DeWitt – “The Pope of Peppers”. Author of dozens of books, and maybe the original “chilehead”. Started the National Fiery Foods & BBQ Show over 27 years ago and set the standard for The Big Hot Sauce Show.
Dave DeWitt Firecast Podcast Appearances:
Dave Hirschkop – Owner of Dave's Gourmet and creator of Dave's Insanity Sauce, which was one of the, if not the first, extract hot sauce. Was one of the first to create “limited edition sauces” and was instrumental in the collector hot sauce craze.
Dave Hirschkop Firecast Podcast Appearances:
Chip Hearn – Co-Owner of one of the original hot sauce websites, Peppers.com, as well as one of the first, and one of the largest national zesty distributors, Peppers.com. Inventor of the Bloody Mary Smorgasbord in 1978. Originated the “risqué” hot sauce genre at the 1989 National Fiery Foods Show.
Chip Hearn Firecast Podcast Appearances:
For the past two decades, urban planners and architects in Vienna have been considering how women and men use the city. An article in the Atlantic earlier this year explained that, when asked about their daily lives in a planning survey, “The majority of men reported using either a car or public transit twice a day -- to go to work in the morning and come home at night. Women, on the other hand, used the city's network of sidewalks, bus routes, subway lines and streetcars more frequently and for a myriad reasons." "The women had a much more varied pattern of movement," city administrator Ursula Bauer told the Atlantic. "They were writing things like, 'I take my kids to the doctor some mornings, then bring them to school before I go to work. Later, I help my mother buy groceries and bring my kids home on the metro.'"
As a result, Vienna is a friendlier city for women and easier and safer for them to navigate. Their use of the city isn't biologically mandated, but squarely pegged to gender roles and their effects, like women's desire for better lighting to improve their safety. It's also useful to men who are now more involved in daily childcare.
Advertisement:
What Vienna did is known as gender mainstreaming. It's a strategy for creating more equitable societies that fairly allocate resources by considering a diversity of needs. Vienna's urban planning initiative is a good illustration of how gender mainstreaming not only considers how certain goals impact everyone, but how goals actually change when you give everyone consideration.
The approach, however, is still not typical. Not even in seemingly simple and intuitive ways. For example, until relatively recently, using only male body crash test dummies resulted in the deaths of many more women in car accidents. Having “unisex” military uniforms built for men endangered female soldiers. Thinking of female bodies as exceptional, basically as a preexisting condition, meant our insurance and healthcare solutions failed us disproportionately. There is no shortage of examples where focusing on the male body alone creates problems or makes existing ones worse.
Consider, for example, what happens in the wake of war or natural disaster. International aid efforts are designed to ensure security and help governments return their countries to some semblance of normalcy. After a disaster we know that everyone affected suffers. We read news stories that talk about water shortages, lack of medical care, food crises and more. However, according to “In Double Jeopardy: Adolescent Girls and Disasters,” a study released in October by the aid organization Plan International, girls and women are at significantly higher risk for dying and violence after natural disaster. How much more? In disasters, girls and woman are 14 times more likely to die than boys and men. And they're more vulnerable to a whole host of other ills as well.
The report cites the findings of a 2007 study conducted by researchers at the London School of Economics, "The Gendered Nature of Natural Disasters," which describes the impact of male preference on survival. This thinking also affects the distribution of valuable relief resources, like food and medicine. Girls are less likely to be fed or to get critical medical health in the wake of disasters. In the Philippines right now, 1,000 women are giving birth a day with almost no medical care as a result of their disastrous typhoon having destroyed virtually every care facility. Medical teams who have gone to the area are not necessarily prepared or equipped to deal with critical obstetrics and gynecology issues. The U.N. estimates that as a result of last month's record-breaking Pacific typhoon, 65,000 Filipino girls and women are at significantly heightened risk for what were already high rates of rape and sexual assault. After wars and natural disasters, young adolescent girls are particularly vulnerable to sexual predators. A No. 1 reason cited by Syrian refugees for fleeing their country is fear of sexual violence. Media and governments both minimize what these realities mean in planning courses of action.
In addition, social ideas about gender, purity and honor – so crucial to patriarchal organization - also have a dangerous effect. Aid workers in Pakistan report that girls and women made up 85 percent of those displaced by the tsunami. The LSE study cited above explained the ways in which aid is affected because for women it can be shameful to ask for help from unrelated men. This exacerbated already extreme harms and magnified suffering tremendously.
Lastly, as things improve and communities attempt to achieve a sense of normalcy by sending children to school after disaster and displacement, girls continue to pay a high price. Boys are often sent back to school first, either because educating girls is seen as unnecessary, or because they are needed to provide labor and childcare, or because the threat of rape and assault are considered too high. This is happening in Syrian refugee camps. Instead of going to school, many Syrian girls are being forced into early marriage – where they face sexual and domestic violence and a high likelihood of pregnancy and maternity-related illness and death.
Advertisement:
Failing to make gender analysis a part of problem-solving is how we end up with benighted State Department officials who think of “women's issues” as peripheral and, when asked about women in Afghanistan, say things such as “There's no way we can be successful if we maintain every special interest and pet project,” instead of understanding, as Professor Valerie Hudson and others have spent decades documenting, that state security, and international peace, are intimately bound with the status of women.
Which brings us closer to home. Two weeks ago, the immigration reform organization We Belong Together: Women for Common Sense Immigration Reform, hosted a panel on the status of reform. The purpose of the panel, which included the organization's co-chair Pramila Jayapal, Gloria Steinem, Sen. Mazie Hirono, D-Hawaii, and a host of other activists and policymakers, was to share information about why gender matters and to correct distorted media portrayals of what immigrants and immigration looks like.
Women and their children make up more than 50 percent of undocumented immigrants and fully 75 percent of those hoping to emigrate to the United States. While they make up the bulk of immigrants, only 27 percent of U.S. work visas are granted to women, nearly 60 percent of whom are involved in domestic and care work. Demand for this work is predicted to grow by 48 percent during the next 10 years.
If you'd listened to congressional debates a few months ago, or read everyday news coverage, none of these facts were taken into account by lawmakers. The reforms favored highly educated, temporary foreign workers, who are disproportionately likely to be single men. Not only do female immigrants have fewer educational and employment opportunities both in their home countries and in the U.S., but they face a whole host of dangers and issues that men do not. For example, up to 70 percent of women crossing the border illegally and alone are abused by “border rapists.” Female immigrants are far more likely to be accompanied by children, forced into sex trafficking, experience domestic violence and struggle with debilitating poverty – all of which affect U.S. domestic policy. Sen. Mazie Hirono formed a coalition, mainly of bipartisan women in Congress, to address the intrinsic bias in the proposed law. There have been important improvements since, but reform is stalled.
Advertisement:
Now consider how we talk about our ever-widening wealth gap. Here, too, the media, far more often than not, slaps “unisex” on everything and calls it a day. Mainstream media assessments rarely, if ever, mention defining gendered dynamics as crucial to finding solutions. It's impossible to understand the wealth gap without looking at systemic biases along multiple dimensions like gender and race.
Several years ago, in their book "Shortchanged," professor Mariko Chang made the compelling case that closing racial wealth gaps is contingent on closing gender wealth gaps, and that closing the gender gap is essential to closing the overall gap. Women, for a whole host of reasons, are “wealth poor.” Chang demonstrated that every measured racial category, single women accrue only a fraction of the wealth that men do in the same categories. For every dollar in wealth that African-American and Hispanic men have, their female counterparts own one penny. Even if the pay gaps were closed, as Chang explains, women would not be able to accumulate wealth in the same measure as their male peers because of gendered expectations.
Looking at problems this way is important. Instead, this CNN piece about race and poverty is typical. It includes a lot of information about differences in home ownership and why it matters, but nothing about wealth, women and mortgage discrimination. According to a study conducted in Chicago and released earlier this year, women are 24 percent less likely to get approved for mortgages. When black women list their names first on mortgage loan application they are "34 % less likely to be approved than if their applications first list a black man.” When the application was for refinancing, that number went up to 44 percent.
Advertisement:
Internationally, the U.S. is formally committed to gender equality, making sure, for example, that women are included in peace process considerations in foreign conflict resolutions. We have a National Action Plan on Women, Peace and Security to assist in those efforts. However, our just released National Action Plan 2.0 has no domestic initiatives tied to similar ideas. This may help explain why our country continues to lag in measures of gender equity. On an informal basis, U.S. government entities sometimes take on gender audits of their own accord. However, unlike many other countries, we have no department or division whose purpose is to understand gender inequality in the law and distribute resources more fairly so that everyone's needs are met. The EU, by comparison, has a detailed gender mainstreaming toolkit that all member states employ. Anything that remotely hints at gender considerations in the U.S., such as the Violence Against Women Act or Title IX, remains mired in controversies that persistently demonstrate a willingness to portray the dismantling of entitlements and the loss of sex-based privileges with oppression. Today, the issue with both the VAWA and Title IX is that people are demanding not just the formal recognition of equal access and protection under the law, but the normative expression of both in daily life.
Gender mainstreaming does have a downside. As Angela McRobbie points out in their book, "The Aftermath of Feminism," despite grass-roots implementations, the practice is “increasingly interpreted as a neo-liberal reorganization strategy.” Additionally, it can be used to perpetuate gender essentialist dichotomies that are, in the end, causing many of the problems it seeks to address. Lastly, particularly from a North/South global perspective, the implementation of gender mainstreaming can replicate the worst aspects of colonialism.
As it is, however, here in the U.S., we are still often stuck with a “let's get input from some women's groups” mind-set that does nothing to alter the fundamental framework that women's lives and needs are shoehorned into. It's only when women get angry and outraged, either with public policy or in the private sector, that policymakers are forced to confront bias.
Advertisement:
Last Thursday morning, Twitter quietly announced a change to the way people could block abusive users. Before the day was done, avoiding a potential P.R. nightmare, they'd reverted to their earlier policy. The company appeared to not take into account the response of users who felt that the change enabled harassers, stalkers and cyberbullies and made the platform an unsafe space. These users were primarily vocal women, who make up 75 percent of those targeted online and are 25 times more likely to be harassed with malice than men are. Understanding needs from a gender inclusive perspective hurts no one -- and it has the potential to help so many.
DETROIT - The Michigan House approved a bill Thursday which will allow Mike Ilitch, owner of the Detroit Tigers and Red Wings, to bring a new $650 million development project to downtown Detroit.
Ilitch's proposal includes retail, shopping, housing and a new events center which would serve as a new arena for the Red Wings. The bill gives the Ilitch Organization a leg up on the proposal.
Read more: Ilitch's $650M development proposal is more than new arena
It would allow the Downtown Development Authority to continue to capture money -- about $12 million -- to help pay for infrastructure needs associated with the proposed project.
However, some Detroit Democrats say the bill would rob the school aid fund. They say it needs to be reevaluated. The Senate already has passed the bill.
Read more: Senate OKs bill to help build new Red Wings arena
The bill now will head to Gov. Rick Snyder for their signature.
Christopher Ilitch, president and CEO of Ilitch Holdings, Inc, also released this statement on Thursday:
"The Ilitch organization would like to thank the Michigan State Legislature for passing HB 5463 today. In particular, we would like to thank the bill sponsor, Representative John Walsh (R-Livonia), Speaker of the House Jase Bolger (R-Marshall) and Majority Leader Randy Richardville (R-Monroe) for their efforts in passing this legislation that will have a significant impact on the creation of a catalytic economic development in downtown Detroit that all Michiganders can be proud. We look forward to continuing our work with the public sector to make this public private partnership a reality."
Al will find a home during the playoffs in the Joe Louis Arena rafters.
Construction of Joe Louis Arena was completed in 1979. The construction cost $57 million. The city of Detroit owns the arena while Olympia Entertainment operates it.
Copyright 2012 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update 8/19, 4:11 p.m. ET: President Trump weighed in on the Boston protests via Twitter:
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2017
Update 8/19, 2:00 p.m. ET: Boston police estimate around 15,000 people attended the counter-protest in that city, ABC reported. It's unclear how many people participated the “free speech” rally, but pictures show the counter-protest crowd dwarfed the number of attendees at that rally. At least one “free speech” demonstrator was arrested after an altercation between the man and counter-protesters, according to Boston Globe reporter Evan Allen.
Activists advocating for racial justice are planning to hold rallies, marches, and protests in more than 30 cities on Saturday, including in Atlanta, Chicago, New York City, San Francisco, and Washington, D.C., in response to the racially charged violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, last weekend.
The national effort, dubbed #FightSupremacy on social media, is led by The Majority, a broad coalition of groups affiliated with the Black Lives Matter movement, as well as those focused on immigrants' rights, Muslim equality, and climate justice, among other causes. In total, the events are expected to draw thousands of attendees. An email promoting the initiative encouraged supporters to hold demonstrations at Confederate monuments but also at other “symbols and institutions of white supremacy,” including corporate headquarters, police departments, university campus buildings, and streets named after Confederate figures. Those in D.C. are going to demonstrate at the White House.
“We call on all those who choose to stand on the side of justice, the side in opposition to white supremacy and state violence,” a site promoting the initiative says, “to take creative and courageous action where they live and challenge how white supremacy shows up in our communities.”
The protest in Boston is in direct response to a “free speech” rally being held by far-right groups in the city. Police in the city have tried to prepare throughout the week to avoid direct confrontations between the two groups.
It's unclear if the demonstrations in other cities will draw counter-protests from white nationalist or other far-right groups. We will update this post as more details become available.
The real estate mogul's success in New Hampshire happened despite a comparatively weak campaign organization and a penchant for controversy
Donald Trump, once an object of mockery and scorn by many in the political establishment, has won the New Hampshire Republican primary.
According to projections from the Associated Press, this is the first electoral victory for the real estate mogul in a 2016 election campaign they have so far dominated.
Trump gave an unusually emotional speech to supporters in a hotel ballroom next to a Best Western hotel by the Manchester airport, starting by thanking their siblings and deceased parents.
Donald Trump tore up the rulebook of American politics – and is winning | Jonathan Freedland Read more
They also took a moment to mention Bernie Sanders, the winner of the Democratic primary. “Congratulations to Bernie,” they said. “We have to congratulate him, we may not like it. They want to give away our country, folks. We're not going to let it happen.”
Trump then touched on familiar themes from their stump speech, including bugbears Mexico and China, concluding by promising attendees that once they are elected “we are going to start winning again. We are going to win so much, you are going to be so happy, we are going to make America so great again, maybe greater than before.”
With two exceptions, every Republican nominee in the past 50 years has won the Granite State's first-in-the-nation primary.
Trump's campaign, fueled by a blend of insurgent populism and unprecedented media attention, has turned every rule of politics on its head. Trump's success in New Hampshire happened despite comparatively weak campaign organization in the state and a penchant for controversial remarks that would have sunk the campaigns of almost any other candidate.
Trump has constantly courted controversy throughout their presidential bid. Among other incendiary statements, they have said that John McCain, a decorated Vietnam veteran and former prisoner of war, was “not a hero”, implied that Fox News host Megyn Kelly's tough questioning during a debate was because they were menstruating and, most recently, effectively called Ted Cruz “a pussy” at an eve-of-primary rally in Manchester on Monday.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Trump supporter holds aloft a scarf bearing the Republican frontrunner's slogan. Photograph: David Goldman/AP
Yet none of the controversies have affected Trump's standing with their base of disaffected blue-collar white voters, who remain drawn to their pledge to “make America great again”. Many of Trump's themes were familiar to a New Hampshire primary electorate that strongly supported Pat Buchanan in 1992 and 1996; but Trump added an aura of celebrity and drew in many who were entirely new to the political process.
One typical Trump voter, Paul Porier from Manchester, told the Guardian on Monday night that they had never voted before. The middle-aged veteran, wearing a hat emblazoned with the name of the ship they had served on in the navy, said simply and insistently: “I'm voting for Donald Trump because he's going to make America great again.”
Porier said the end of America's greatness coincided with Barack Obama taking office and that “once we get rid of Obama, things are going to change”. They were finally voting because while they thought all politicians are “in it for the money”, Trump wasn't. “He doesn't need the money,” said Poirier.
Stephen Stepanek, a Republican state representative who boasted of being the first elected official in the country to endorse Donald Trump, said they felt “vindicated”.
The loyal Trump supporter, who insisted that they never doubted Trump's campaign after their second-place finish in Iowa, said: “This will be our Republican nominee who will ultimately be the president of the United States.  They are going to make America great again.”
They were planning on traveling to South Carolina eventually to campaign for Trump, but first wanted to enjoy the result on Tuesday night. “I've been through the highs, I've been through the lows and this is the best high right now,” they said.
What remained less clear as the polls closed was how the pile-up of candidates vying to finish in the top tier behind Trump would perform.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ohio governor John Kasich, who came in second place. Photograph: Katherine Taylor/EPA
Early exit numbers showed a tight race between Ohio governor John Kasich, Texas senator Ted Cruz, Florida senator Marco Rubio and former Florida governor Jeb Bush.
But with more than 80% of precincts reporting in the state's Republican primary, Kasich – who as a relative moderate is in some ways Trump's opposite – was declared second by the Associated Press with 16.2% to Trump's 34.5%.
“Maybe – just maybe – we are turning the page on a dark part of American politics, because tonight the light overcame the darkness,” Kasich told supporters in Concord.
The fight over third place was too close to call as the evening wore on, but Chris Christie, the New Jersey governor whose last act ahead of the primary was to savage Rubio on the debate stage, seemed all but certain to suspend their campaign in the coming days.
A stronger-than-expected showing for Kasich and Bush was crucial for a pair of candidates whose campaigns had failed to take off in earnest. Both governors dedicated a disproportionate amount of time and resources in New Hampshire, seeking to claim the so-called “establishment” mantle as party moderates.
But the question looming over them now is whether they have the infrastructure to remain competitive in a drawn-out primary season. Kasich is largely viewed as lacking the organization to compete in the pending southern states where their brand is far less palatable to Republican primary voters.
A positive result will be a far greater vindication for Bush, whose campaign was declared dead in the water amid a series of stumbles last fall. The son and brother of US presidents still faces an uphill climb, but third place might give them the necessary validation in the eyes of donors to continue with their beleaguered campaign.
“The pundits had it all figured out, last Monday night, when the Iowa caucuses were complete,” Bush told a gathering of supporters in Manchester. “They said that the race was now a three-person race between two first-year student senators and a reality TV star. And, while the reality TV star is still doing well, it looks like you all have reset the race, and for that I am really grateful.”
They added: “This campaign is not dead. We're going to South Carolina.”
Bush holds a formidable ground game in both South Carolina and Nevada and will be joined there this week by brother George W Bush. The former president remains immensely popular in the state, even if once thought to be a liability for their younger brother's campaign.
The night seems to have been tougher for Rubio, who arrived in the state last week riding high on the momentum they gained from a strong third-place showing in the Iowa caucuses. The first-term senator appeared to be on the cusp of persuading donors and party elites to coalesce behind their candidacy, but was left reeling from an underwhelming debate performance on Saturday that played directly into their rivals' attacks that Rubio is too scripted.
Additional reporting by Paul Owen in Manchester and Matt Sullivan in Concord
Gustavus Adolphus Day (Swedish: Gustav Adolfsdagen) is celebrated in Sweden and some other countries on 6 November in memory of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden, who was killed on that date (old style) in 1632 at the Battle of Lützen in the Thirty Years' War.[1][2] The day is named for the king[3] and is a general flag day in Sweden[3][4] and in Finland.[5] The day was formerly celebrated with torchlight processions and patriotic speeches.[3] Today what remains are mainly the consumption of the Gustavus Adolphus pastry (Gustav Adolfs-bakelse in Swedish) on this day, with a chocolate or marzipan relief of that king on top.[3]
According to the Gregorian calendar, the king died on 16 November, but the Julian calendar ("old style") was still used in Protestant Sweden at the time and that date – 6 November – is still used now.
Gustavus Adolphus Day has been celebrated since the early 19th century and became especially popular after the 200th anniversary celebration of the king's death in 1832.[1] In Sweden, the day is especially observed in Gothenburg, which was founded by the king,[1][3] but also in cities with old educational traditions,[1] such as Uppsala, where they donated considerable funding to the university, and in cities where the military traditionally has been based.[1] It is not generally celebrated in Scania,[citation needed] the southernmost part of Sweden, since Scania was part of Denmark at the time and Gustavus Adolphus waged war on Denmark.
Sjättenovembervägen ("Sixth November Road"), a part of the old Göta highway in the Stockholm borough of Älvsjö, is named for this day.
The day is celebrated in Finland since 1908 by the Swedish speakers as Svenska dagen,[1] Finnish Swedish Heritage Day. In Estonia, which like Finland was a part of Sweden during the reign of Gustavus Adolphus, the day is known as Gustav Adolfi päev. In all three countries, 6 November is the name day for Gustav Adolf, Gustavus Adolphus' name in Swedish,[6] or Kustaa Aadolf, the name in Finnish.[7]
This month, Disney Consumer Products and the design house of Coach have teamed together for the release of Disney x Coach. This limited-edition modern luxury collection features Mickey Mouse designs on Coach leathergoods and ready-to-wear fashion apparel.
The collection is part of a series of exclusive, limited-edition projects that celebrate American pop culture, and commemorate Coach's 75th anniversary. All items in the Disney x Coach collection were made from special sketches created by Disney animators for this project.
In addition to signature Coach glove-tanned leather bags, the exclusive artwork appears on t-shirts, a black leather jacket, sneakers, luggage tags, keychains, coasters, oversize black leather Mickey dolls and more.
“This collaboration brings together two iconic brands in fresh, yet timeless designs that celebrate the heritage and style of both Mickey and Coach,” said Josh Silverman, Executive Vice President, Global Licensing, Disney Consumer Products and Interactive Media. “This incredible collection is sure to delight the fashion world and Disney fans alike.”
The Disney x Coach collection launched exclusively in a specially-designed concept at the Coach store in Soho, New York, and at Colette, the celebrated store on rue St. Honore in Paris. But Disney fashionistas will be delighted to know the collection will be available at coach.com and Coach stores worldwide today!
Russian President Vladimir Putin is taking a pay cut of 10% as their country's economy sinks into a deep recession.
But how does their salary compare to those of other world leaders?
Here is how the pay of prime ministers and presidents of the big developed and emerging economies stack up, according to the most recent official data and converted into U.S. dollars at the current rate.
President Obama leads the pack with $400,000 a year. The presidential salary doubled when George W. Bush became president in 2001.
In addition, Obama gets a tax-free expense account worth $50,000.
Merkel's salary as German chancellor is set at 216,000 euros a year ($234,383). The chancellor and their ministers got a 2.2% pay rise at the beginning of March, according to government documents.
The British prime minister earns £142,500 ($214,782) a year. That includes their salary as a member of parliament, which is £67,060.
The French president would have ranked much higher on this list, had they not taken a 30% pay cut the moment they took office in 2012.
Without the haircut, Hollande would have earned 255,600 euros a year ($274,522), second only to Obama. Now they make $194,251.
In the face of their country's worst economic crisis in years, Putin said last week they were cutting their salary by 10%. They now earn roughly 8.2 million rubles per year ($136,000) as Russian president.
The Indian prime minister's salary is just 1,900,000 rupees a year, which comes to little over $30,000. That's according to an official response to freedom of information request submitted by local media.
They might be in charge of the world's second largest economy, but Chinese President Xi Jinping's salary is just $22,000. And that's after a 60% pay rise at the start of this year.
The Aviation Herald Last Update: Wednesday, Feb 27th 2019 00:05Z
23848 Articles available
Events from Jun 19th 1999 to Feb 26th 2019 www.avherald.com Incidents and News in Aviation List by: Filter: The Aviation Herald Android App
All Android devices
Version 1.01
Your easy and simple access to The Aviation Herald on Android Devices
The App permits full offline reading, tracking of already read articles, ad free. Incident: Emirates A388 at Sydney on Jan 6th 2012, runway incursion
By Simon Hradecky, created Sunday, Jan 8th 2012 23:39Z, last updated Monday, Jan 9th 2012 14:51Z An Emirates Airlines Airbus A380-800, registration A6-EDN performing flight EK-412 from Sydney,NS (Australia) to Auckland (New Zealand), had been cleared to taxi for departure via taxiway G and A however missed the turn onto taxiway A and went past the hold short line of runway 16R at about 09:26L (22:26Z Jan 5th).
A JAL Japan Airlines Boeing 777-200, registration JA711J performing flight JL-772 from Sydney,NS (Australia) to Tokyo Narita (Japan), had been cleared for takeoff from runway 16R and was accelerating for takeoff, when the A380 went past the hold short line, and rejected takeoff at low speed coming to a stop before the intersection with taxiway G.
A Malaysia Airlines Boeing 747-400, registration 9M-MPB performing flight MH-123 from Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia) to Sydney,NS (Australia), was on final approach to Sydney's runway 16R and went around from low height due to the rejected takeoff and the Boeing 777 on the runway, repositioned for another approach and landed safely about 15 minutes later.
The JAL Boeing 777 was able to depart about 20 minutes later and reached Tokyo on time.
The Emirates Airbus needed to cross runway 16R to resolve the conflict, re-joined the departure queue departing Sydney about 30 minutes later and reached Auckland with a delay of 30 minutes.
On Jan 9th (Australian time) Airservices Australia confirmed a runway incursion on Jan 6th that resulted in a rejected takeoff and a go-around, however declined to provide further details.
Two observers on the ground reported independently that they got aware of the incident by the go-around of the Malaysian Boeing 747-400, saw the Emirates A380 in a position on taxiway G past intersection with taxiway A that they interpreted as a runway incursion and saw the JAL Boeing 777 stopped on the runway. The Emirates A380 subsequently taxied across runway 16R clearing the path for the Boeing 777, which then vacated the runway and rejoined the departure queue.
Metars:
YSSY 052330Z 18023KT 9999 FEW030 BKN040 21/14 Q1015 RMK HZ FM2330 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052300Z 18023KT 9999 SCT030 BKN040 21/14 Q1015 FM2300 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052300Z 18023KT 9999 SCT030 BKN040 21/14 Q1015 RMK HZ FM2300 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052230Z 19022KT 9999 FEW018 SCT028 BKN040 20/16 Q1015 RMK HZ FM2230 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052200Z 19023KT 9999 FEW015 SCT028 BKN040 19/16 Q1015 FM2200 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052200Z 19023KT 9999 FEW015 SCT028 BKN040 19/16 Q1015 RMK HZ FM2200 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052130Z 19022KT 9999 FEW015 BKN020 BKN045 19/16 Q1015 RMK HZ FM2130 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052100Z 19022KT 9999 FEW015 SCT020 BKN040 19/16 Q1014 RMK HZ FM2100 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052100Z 19022KT 9999 FEW015 SCT020 BKN040 19/16 Q1014 FM2100 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052030Z 19023KT 8000 FEW015 BKN018 BKN040 19/16 Q1014 RMK HZ INTER 2030/2300 5000 -SHRA BKN015 FM2030 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
YSSY 052000Z 19021KT 9000 FEW012 SCT018 BKN045 19/16 Q1013 RMK HZ INTER 2000/2300 5000 -SHRA BKN012 FM2000 MOD TURB BLW 5000FT
Sydney Aerodrome Chart (Graphics: AIP Australia):
By Charlie on Wednesday, Jul 22nd 2015 10:55Z
By Daniel on Sunday, Jun 15th 2014 11:39Z
By Troy on Thursday, Jan 12th 2012 05:09Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Jan 11th 2012 13:11Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Jan 11th 2012 08:20Z
By paul on Wednesday, Jan 11th 2012 02:32Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Jan 10th 2012 13:00Z
By paul on Tuesday, Jan 10th 2012 03:17Z
By Chimay on Tuesday, Jan 10th 2012 00:45Z
By nvasco on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 17:35Z
By (anonymous) on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 17:18Z
By David Connolly on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 15:48Z
By Simon Hradecky on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 14:52Z
By DAVID on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 14:06Z
By Richard J on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 10:54Z
By Pilot on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 09:18Z
By werner on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 05:37Z
By ATC on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 04:12Z
By TimGinMN on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 02:57Z
By Iain on Monday, Jan 9th 2012 02:54Z
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment: The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine Get the news right onto your desktop when they happen © 2008-2019 by The Aviation Herald, all rights reserved, reprint and republishing prohibited. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site, learn more
CORVALLIS, Ore. - A study by engineers at Oregon State University suggests that they have achieved the most realistic robotic implementation of human walking dynamics that has ever been done, which may ultimately allow human-like versatility and performance.
The system is based on a concept called "spring-mass" walking that was theorized less than a decade ago, and combines passive dynamics of a mechanical system with computer control. It provides the ability to blindly react to rough terrain, maintain balance, retain an efficiency of motion and essentially walk like humans do.
As such, this approach to robots that can walk and run like humans opens the door to entire new industries, jobs and mechanized systems that do not today exist.
The findings on spring-mass walking have been reported for the first time in IEEE Transactions on Robotics, by engineers from OSU and Germany. The work has been supported by the National Science Foundation, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the Human Frontier Science Program.
The technologies developed at OSU have evolved from intense studies of both human and animal walking and running, to learn how animals achieve a fluidity of motion with a high degree of energy efficiency. Animals combine a sensory input from nerves, vision, muscles and tendons to create locomotion that researchers have now translated into a working robotic system.
The system is also efficient. Studies done with their ATRIAS robot model, which incorporates the spring-mass theory, showed that it's three times more energy-efficient than any other human-sized bipedal robots.
"I'm confident that this is the future of legged robotic locomotion," said Jonathan Hurst, an OSU professor of mechanical engineering and director of the Dynamic Robotics Laboratory in the OSU College of Engineering.
"We've basically demonstrated the fundamental science of how humans walk," they said.
"Other robotic approaches may have legs and motion, but don't really capture the underlying physics," they said. "We're convinced this is the approach on which the most successful legged robots will work. It retains the substance and science of legged animal locomotion, and animals demonstrate performance that far exceeds any other approach we've seen. This is the way to go."
The current technology, Hurst said, is still a crude illustration of what the future may hold. When further refined and perfected, walking and running robots may work in the armed forces. As firefighters they may charge upstairs in burning buildings to save lives. They could play new roles in factories or do ordinary household chores.
Aspects of the locomotion technology may also assist people with disabilities, the researchers said.
"Robots are already used for gait training, and we see the first commercial exoskeletons on the market," said Daniel Renjewski, the lead author on the study with the Technische Universitat Munchen. "However, only now do we have an idea how human-like walking works in a robot. This enables us to build an entirely new class of wearable robots and prostheses that could allow the user to regain a natural walking gait."
There are few limits to this technology, the researchers said.
"It will be some time, but we think legged robots will enable integration of robots into our daily lives," Hurst said. "We know it is possible, based on the example of animals. So it's inevitable that we will solve the problem with robots. This could become as big as the automotive industry."
And much of this, the scientists said, will be based on the "spring-mass" concept, which animals have been perfecting through millions of years of evolution.
The robots being constructed at OSU were designed to mimic this "spring-legged" action of bipedal animals. With minor variations, muscles, tendons and bones form a structure that exhibits most of the required behavior, and conscious control just nudges things a little to keep it going in the right direction. The effort is smooth and elastic, and once understood, can be simulated in walking robots by springs and other technology.
ATRIAS, the human-sized robot most recently created at OSU, has six electric motors powered by a lithium polymer battery about the size of a half-gallon of milk, which is substantially smaller than the power packs of some other mobile robots. It can take impacts and retain its balance. It can walk over rough and bumpy terrain.
Researchers said in their new study that this technology "has the potential to enhance legged robots to ultimately match the efficiency, agility and robustness of animals over a wide variety of terrain."
In continued research, work will be done to improve steering, efficiency, leg configuration, inertial actuation, robust operation, external sensing, transmissions and actuators, and other technologies.
###
Other collaborators in the development of this technology have included Jessy Grizzle at the University of Michigan and Hartmut Geyer at Carnegie Mellon University. Scientific work on the motion of animals was done with Monica Daley at the Royal Veterinary College, which guided the robot's development.
The Silent Generation is the demographic cohort following the cohort known in the United States as the G.I. Generation. There are no precise dates for when The Silent Generation starts or ends. Demographers and researchers typically use mid-to-late 1920s as starting birth years and early-to-mid 1940s as ending birth years for this cohort.
Terminology
It is unclear where the term originated, although it is widely accepted that the term "Silent Generation" comes from the focus on careers over activism. As young adults during the McCarthy Era, many members of the Silent Generation felt it was dangerous to speak out.[1] Time magazine first used the term "Silent Generation" in a November 5, 1951 article titled "The Younger Generation", although the term appears to precede the publication.[2][3][4] The name was originally applied to people in the United States and Canada but has been applied as well to those in Western Europe, Australia and South America. It includes most of those who fought during the Korean War. In the United States, the generation was comparatively small because the financial insecurity of the 1930s and the war in the early 1940s caused people to have fewer children.[3] They are noted as forming the leadership of the civil rights movement as well as comprising the “silent majority”.[5]
They have also been named the "Lucky Few" in the 2008 book The Lucky Few: Between the Greatest Generation and the Baby Boom,[6][7] by Elwood D. Carlson PhD, the Charles B. Nam Professor in Sociology of Population at Florida State University.[8] Carlson notes that this was the first generation in American history to be smaller than the generation that preceded them. They call the people of this generation "The Lucky Few", because even though they were born during the Great Depression and World War II, they moved into adulthood during the relatively prosperous 1950s and early 1960s. For men who served in the Korean War, their military service was not marked by high casualties as much as the previous generation. The Lucky Few also had higher employment rates than the generations before and after them, as well as better health and earlier retirement. African Americans in this generation also did better than earlier generations in education and employment.[9]
Australia's McCrindle Research uses the name Builders to describe the Australian members of this generation, born between 1925 and 1945, and coming of age to become the generation "who literally and metaphorically built [the] nation after the austerity years post-Depression and World War II".[10][11][12]
Pew Research uses 1928 to 1945 as birth years for this cohort.[13][14]
Resolution Foundation, in a report titled Cross Countries: International comparisons of international trends, uses 1926 to 1945 as birth dates for the Silent Generation.[15]
Demographers William Strauss and Neil Howe use 1925–42 as birth years.[16][3]
Notable figures
The generation includes many political and civil rights leaders such as Martin Luther King, Jr., Pope Francis, Pope Benedict XVI, The 14th Dalai Lama, Malcolm X, Michael Dukakis, John McCain, Walter Mondale, Dick Cheney, Dianne Feinstein, Bernie Sanders, Robert F. Kennedy, Ted Kennedy, Neil Abercrombie, Madeleine Albright, Che Guevara, Raúl Alfonsín, Giuliano Amato, Kofi Annan, Silvio Berlusconi, Fidel Castro, Warren Christopher, Malcolm Fraser, Mikhail Gorbachev, B.J. Habibie, Bob Hawke, John Howard, Saddam Hussein, Ion Iliescu, Helmut Kohl, John Lewis, Paul Martin, Slobodan Milošević, Chuck Grassley, Orrin Hatch, Patrick Leahy, Mahathir Mohamad, Brian Mulroney, Colin Powell, Margaret Thatcher, Hosea Williams and Boris Yeltsin.
It includes such writers and artists as Elvis Presley, John Lennon, Ringo Starr, George Carlin, Ursula Andress, Julie Andrews, Anne Bancroft, Brigitte Bardot, John Cleese, Judi Dench, Audrey Hepburn, Janet Leigh, Sophia Loren, Shirley MacLaine, Marilyn Monroe, Andy Warhol, Sylvia Plath, Joan Baez, Jane Fonda, Angela Lansbury, Mary Tyler Moore, Debbie Reynolds, Elizabeth Taylor, Shirley Temple, Gene Wilder, Natalie Wood, Alan Arkin, Warren Beatty, Richard Burton, James Caan, James Coburn, Sean Connery, James Dean, Robert Duvall, Clint Eastwood, Morgan Freeman, James Garner, Gene Hackman, Richard Harris, Dustin Hoffman, Anthony Hopkins, Dennis Hopper, Rock Hudson, James Earl Jones, Frank Langella, Jack Lemmon, Steve McQueen, Sal Mineo, Roger Moore, Paul Newman, Jack Nicholson, Peter O'Toole, Sam Cooke, Al Pacino, Christopher Plummer, Robert Redford, Oliver Reed, Burt Reynolds, Little Richard, Chuck Berry, Ray Charles, Bo Diddley, B.B. King, Leonard Nimoy, William Shatner, George Takei, Adam West, Johnny Cash, Glen Campbell, Stephen Sondheim, James Brown, John Byner, Sammy Davis Jr., Bobby Darin, Neil Diamond, Bob Dylan, the Everly Brothers, Marvin Gaye, Glenn Gould, Don Rickles, Joan Rivers, Andy Williams, the Beat Generation, Noam Chomsky and Richard Rorty.
Great athletes include Hank Aaron, Roger Bannister, Ron Barassi, Richie Benaud, Yogi Berra, Jim Brown, Rubin Carter, Wilt Chamberlain, Bobby Charlton, Roy Emerson, Dawn Fraser, Reg Gasnier, Althea Gibson, Gordie Howe, Sandy Koufax, Jack Kyle, John Landy, Rod Laver, Sonny Liston, Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris, Bob Mathias, Willie Mays, Allan Moffat, Bobby Moore, Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer, Floyd Patterson, Pelé, Johnny Raper, Pete Rose, Ken Rosewall, Garfield Sobers, Jackie Stewart, Tony Trabert, Ted Whitten, and Lev Yashin.
If the Silent Generation is deemed to include persons born between 1925 and 1942, the generation produced no U.S. presidents. The U.S. essentially "jumped from George Bush Sr., the World War II veteran, to Baby Boomer Bill Clinton".[17] However, it did produce Vice Presidents Joe Biden (born 1942),[18][19] Dick Cheney (born 1941) and Walter Mondale (born 1928) and First Ladies Barbara Bush (born 1925), Rosalynn Carter (born 1927), and Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis (born 1929). Presidents Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush were born in what is sometimes considered to be the last year of the G.I. Generation (1924).
See also
The 2011 Argentina–United States diplomatic crisis was caused by the temporary seizure of materials from a US military plane, followed by claims that the US may have been trying to smuggle weapons and drugs into the country.
The event [ edit ]
Before the scandal, Argentina and the United States had made an agreement, allowing the US to train members of the Federal Police of Argentina and bring the required materials for doing so. However, when the American Boeing C-17 arrived in Argentina, it was subjected to a detailed search, led by the Argentine Minister of Foreign Relations, Héctor Timerman, and the Minister of Transport, Juan Pablo Schiavi, and with officials from the airport police, national customs and the AFIP.
Timerman opened a box with pliers, and seized it. They claimed that the flight was attempting to smugle undeclared weapons and drugs.[1] The seized materials included heavy guns, materials to intercept phone calls, and drugs. A member of the Federal Police explained to the Clarín newspaper that those things are standard tools in counter-terrorism operations.[2]
The C-17 returned to the United States, without the seized materials. Arturo Valenzuela, US Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs, asked Timerman for the reasons to do that with a mission which had been already arranged.[2]
US President Barack Obama requested that the contents of the box should be returned to the US,[3] and wondered why the national minister of foreign relations would personally lead the search and seizure.[2]
A judiciary case investigated the whole operation, and did not find any crime.[4] The crisis led the US to reduce the number of joint military activities with Argentina.[1]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) struggled to explain their position Thursday on whether Sandy Hook families should be able to hold the manufacturer of the AR-15 gun used in the 2012 massacre liable in a wrongful death lawsuit.
Sanders voted for a 2005 law that grants immunity to gun manufacturers for injuries caused by their products.
Since then, the Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act has been used by gun manufacturers and retailers to quash hundreds of lawsuits filed by victims of gun violence. The law is deeply unpopular among Democrats, and then-Sen. Hillary Clinton (D-N.Y.) voted against it.
"They have the right to sue, and I support them and anyone else who wants the right to sue," Sanders said in the CNN Democratic debate.
But "if a gun shop owner sells a weapon legally to somebody and that person then goes out and kills somebody, I don't believe it is appropriate that that gun shop owner who just sold a legal weapon to be held accountable and be sued," Sanders added.
The weapon used in the Sandy Hook mass shooting was purchased legally by the shooter's mother. So, what Sanders was saying is that they believe the Sandy Hook victims should have a right to sue -- and lose.
When Clinton pointed out that Sanders voted five times against the landmark Brady gun-control bill, Sanders retreated to a position more often used by pro-gun advocates, namely, that government must "make certain that guns do not fall into the hands of people who should not have them."
New York's schools are the most segregated in the nation, and the state needs remedies right away. That was the message delivered to the governor and the Legislature last week by the chancellor of the State Board of Regents. Minority children are disproportionately trapped in schools that lack the teaching talent, course offerings and resources needed to prepare them for college and success in the new economy.
This is not an easy problem to solve. But the state cannot just throw up its hands. It has a moral obligation to ensure that as many children as possible escape failing schools for ones that give them a fighting chance. And history has shown that districts can dramatically improve educational opportunities for minority children — and reduce racial isolation — with voluntary transfer plans and especially with high-quality magnet schools that attract middle-class families.
This problem is especially urgent in New York's second-largest city, Buffalo, where federal civil rights officials are enforcing an agreement intended to expand minority access to the better schools in a dysfunctional system, which has suffered from years of abysmal leadership and middle-class flight. Today nearly half the city's public schools either have low graduation rates or rank in the bottom 5 percent of state schools in math and English.
The United States Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights began its investigation of charges that the district was discriminating against nonwhite students in admissions to the better schools — those that choose students based on test scores and other screening.
The Sims 4 takes a combination approach when it comes to fleshing out your individual Sims. It takes (and expands) the aspiration system from the Sims 2 and takes the concept of traits from the Sims 3.
If you haven't already, check out my video done regarding traits. This was pre-Creators Camp so some of the information is a little guess work, but it is still worthwhile if you want to see a complete list of traits, as well as the animations associated with each of them. (And a bit of Lady Cheshire animated near the end)
But that isn't anything new, so let me dive in depth a bit deeper and give you a closer look at a few of the traits I had the chance to play with extensively.
Let us first start with a trait related fact relevant to Legacy Challenge players: There is no in-game randomize button for traits. Plenty of ones for clothing and body looks in CAS, but neither CAS nor the age-up dialogue contains any randomize button. This is not a missing feature, this is a conscious design decision. They wanted to stress that traits are much more significant than they were in the Sims 3 (they are) and wanted them to be a deliberate decision of the player to pick. Of course, for Legacy Challenge Players, this presents a little bit of a problem as the challenge has always (and will) require random trait generation. Worry not! A plan for a trait calculator is already in development and will be ready at the same time the challenge rules are.
The three traits I have the greatest familiarity with are the three that belonged to Lady Cheshire, as I played them from day one. Note that this is by no means a 100% complete profile of each trait. There may be many other interactions and quirks that I simply didn't stumble on during my playtime, so consider this just a taste.
Worry not! A plan for a trait calculator is already in development and will be ready at the same time the challenge rules are.
Art Lover:
Probably the most powerful part of this trait is the impact it has on observing art. “View” has always been a bit of a wasted action in past incarnations of the game. Your sim would stare for awhile and make some random reaction in regards to the piece of art they were looking at. Not for Art Lovers in the Sims 4. Observing an object now grants a little bit of fun AND gives you an inspired moodlet, making it very easy for art lover Sims to make themselves inspired. Even better, they can observe art *while* doing other things. Placing a centerpiece in my Masque family dining room would cause my art loving founder (and art loving husband) to observe the object while they ate, making mealtime fun. Art Lovers like talking about art, discussing favorite artists and frequently spawn whims to paint, visit the museum, talk about art, or simply to observe some artwork, making it a fairly healthy supply of aspiration points. Interestingly though, your Sims don't gain fun from painting anymore in The Sims 4, not even art lovers. To make up for this, they get powerful positive moodlets upon finishing their painting
Music Lover:
Music Lovers love their music, they love hearing it, and they love playing it. Probably the most powerful part of this trait is the doubling of the mood impact of music. 95% of the time hearing pleasant ambient music in a room will be good for one happy emotional point, so getting two out of that is actually pretty significant, especially when those happy points are applied to another emotion. They also are happy to play their instruments and happier when playing for a crowd. Music lover does not automatically make them GOOD at music, but when they do get around to getting enough skills, they'll be happier for doing it. Like with Art Lover, Music Lover Sims can discuss music, favorite bands,composers, and songs.
Insane:
Oh boy, do I love insane. This one was easily my favorite trait in the game of the few I had extensive play time with.
Insane comes with a few perks. The first one is some nice emotional instability. Randomly, about every-other-day on average, Lady Cheshire would get a moodlet. Nothing caused this moodlet to appear, it just showed up. The text of the moodlet, that normally explains what the moodlet was…was all in Simlish. The moodlet itself would show up as a completely random +1 moodlet of any of the emotions. This can make for some funny instances where you are carrying a few happiness points and they suddently all start applying to a random mood that came out of nowhere. I found this more beneficial than annoying. Insane Sims can talk to themselves, and you can order them to do this. They can also “Talk with friends” and begin speaking to random inanimate objects. You cannot command them to do this, it only happens naturally. This still falls into the multitasking aspect of the game. I remember a time when Lady Cheshire rushed to the bathroom after letting their bladder need to get into the red. After they sat down and began to do their business, they began to talk to the toilet they were using. In fact, they began to speak to it very angrily and at the end of their rant, they displayed the double minus signs to indicate a large loss of relationship points…even though there was nobody else in the room. Insane doesn't have much impact on whims directly, often only spawning a ‘talk to self' whim which is very easily fulfilled. However their random moods can grant you access to emotions and their related hot whims even when you normally wouldn't have anything to normally induce them into that emotion.
Oh boy, do I love insane. This one was easily my favorite trait in the game of the few I had extensive play time with.
Next up is their husband, Raheem.
Their first trait was Art lover. In fact, this was probably the reason they ended up marrying him. Relationships are a bit tougher to get off the ground in the Sims 4 and it wasn't until they found a fellow art lover that they were able to get close to someone. That's not to say that you HAVE to have similar interests to be good friends with someone, but like in the Sims 3, having similar traits and using trait specific interactions will net you much bigger relationship gains than would normally be available. Also to note, the game had Raheem's three traits hidden from me while they were still an NPC but talking about art to them revealed their art lover trait. The Observant aspiration reward is back too, but it is now much more expensive (as it should be for how powerful it is)
Their Second trait made me wince a bit when i saw it…
Bro:
Of all the traits, the one that gave me the most pause was Bro. Luckily, the Bro trait was fairly subdued in its effects. Or at the very least, the fact that the family did not have another Bro in it prevented much of the Bro to Bro specific actions and interactions. They would occasionally get whims to give someone a Bro hug or something like that…but otherwise I didn't see a lot of changes. Don't write Bro off though… I have a feeling my playstyle didn't allow the Bro trait to shine or allow me to discover some of its deeper effects.
Lastly is the return of Loner:
Loner returns in spirit but its effects are done a bit differently. They still like being alone, but they don't get a moodlet buff the very second they are alone. They also don't (or at least I did not observe this)get a ‘too crowded' bad moodlet. The way to get the moodlet now is to not interact with other sims for a certain amount of time, after which the moodlet appears and gives you a few happiness points. Simply passing someone in the hallway or going to work does not automatically make you lose the moodlet, you actually have to interact with someone. Of course, with the new multitasking system, doing anything in a room with another person for much length of time will normally spawn a multi-tasking conversation which will kill the mood. Still, there are times where I could spirit them away from others to focus and be happy. And the warm-up time to getting the moodlet back is not excessivly long, so randomly losing it isn't the end of the world. I didn't do any calculations to back this up, but their social need seemed to go down a bit slower.
Their first child was Lance, and using a very crude and imperfect method for random trait generation, they got the Nature Lover trait. The only things I observed for little lance was a +2 happiness buff when outdoors and the ability to enthuse about nature and the outdoors. However, SimGuruRiley informed me that there is an obscure interaction unique to Children who Love the Outdoors. I tried my best to find it…but could not. So there are absolutely some hidden depths to the Love the Outdoors trait, it is far more than just a “Stand outside and get a buff” trait.
Their second child was Lady Fara, and they rolled up the Cheerful trait. I didn't get much play time with Fara after they aged into a child at it was near the tail end of Creators Camp by the time they did, but I did observe something very important that gives some insight to other traits. Randomly, they would gain a “Cheerful” moodlet good for +1 happiness. This seemed to happen as often as their mother's insane trait would spawn a random mood, except theirs was always happy. Looking at the other traits in the 'emotions' category, many look like they will work the same way. Hot tempered will probably spawn a random +1 angry moodlet. That's not to say that that is the only thing going for these emotional traits, as they likely have unique interactions and reactions to things around them. Also, Fara did gain some benefit from it. When they were coloring in their mother's inspiration room, feeling inspired from the objects in there, their cheerful moodlet popped up. As per the way happiness points work, their +1 happy point became a +1 inspired point…this was enough to kick them into the “Very Inspired” mood. So Cheerful looks to be a lot more powerful and flexible trait than it might look like on the surface.
I have one other mini trait to show: Neat. None of my Sims were neat, but I did have an invited guest come over. While the house wasn't a mess, there were some books out of place. The guest autonomously started gathering up every stray book in the house and put them back on the bookshelf. One of the devs confirmed that wasn't a bug. Visitors do not autonomously clean your house… except for neat sims.
With all the traits out there and all the little unique trait-specific actions and interactions, it will be quite awhile before you discover them all.
SPT11ANN53 - WASHINGTON, Aug. 19 (UPI) - FILE PHOTO - Sept. 17, 2001 - A portion of the wall of the World Trade Center in New York still stands amongst the rubble and smoke one week after the devestating attack by outside terrorists. rlw/cc/Chris Corder UPI | License Photo
NYX2001091933 - 19 SEPTEMBER 2001 - NEW YORK, NEW YORK, USA: Days after a September 11, 2001 terrorist attack, fires still burn amidst the rubble of the World Trade Center. rw/ Jim Watson/U.S. Navy UPI | License Photo
NEW YORK, June 24 (UPI) -- Lawyers for families of Sept. 11, 2001, victims say they have documents linking members of Saudi Arabia's royal family to al-Qaida and other extremists.
That evidence, however, may not see the legal light of day because of legal and diplomatic roadblocks in the long-running effort by the families to sue the Saudi government and its leaders in the attacks on New York and Washington, The New York Times reported Wednesday.
The new documents -- including interviews with intermediaries and reviews of money trails -- provided to the Times are among the hundreds of thousand of pages of investigative material the families and insurers have unearthed as part of a civil lawsuit seeking to hold Saudi Arabia and its royal family liable for financing al-Qaida.
Saudi lawyers countered that the ties are weak, saying Saudi Arabia is being sued because of its vast wealth and because it was home to 15 of the 19 hijackers.
"In looking at all the evidence the families brought together, I have not seen one iota of evidence that Saudi Arabia had anything to do with the Sept. 11 (2001) attacks," Michael Kellogg, a Washington lawyer representing Prince Muhammad al-Faisal al-Saud in the lawsuit, told the Times.
Two federal judges and the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against the 7,630 plaintiffs -- survivors and family members of those killed in the attacks -- by throwing out the suit on the ground the families cannot bring legal action in the United States against a sovereign nation and its leaders.
The Supreme Court is expected to decide this week whether to hear an appeal.
The Squeeze: Higher Costs And Smaller Paychecks
The economy may be on the rebound, but life is getting tougher for some people in the middle class. With rising gas prices, insurance costs, and higher payroll taxes, people are feeling squeezed. Host Michel Martin asks if there's any financial relief in sight.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
I'm Michel Martin and this is TELL ME MORE from NPR News. Coming up - now, we're not trying to cause any friction here, but if you haven't already bought something sparkly for your beloved for Valentine's Day, you might want to hold off. We'll tell you why in just a few minutes.
But first, speaking of buying stuff, if you are a person who receives a paycheck, you've probably noticed by now that your take-home pay is getting a little smaller since the beginning of the year, all things being equal, and some of your basic expenses like gas are costing more. So no, you are not imagining this.
NPR's senior business editor, Marilyn Geewax, is back with us to tell us what's going on. Thanks for being here with us once again.
MARILYN GEEWAX, BYLINE: Hi, Michel.
MARTIN: So the first thing we wanted to talk about is something that you'd actually warned us about at the end of last year, which is that payroll taxes were going to go up at the beginning of the year. Tell us why.
GEEWAX: We all pay into this Social Security system with something that we refer to as the payroll tax, so if you're a worker, you've got an employer, you're on somebody's payroll, 6.2 percent of your pay goes into this fund, and that's a good thing when you're 60. You want to look forward to getting that monthly check, but right now it does take a bite out of your paycheck.
Well, one of the things that Congress did two years ago to help the economy was to reduce that tax by two percentage points. That is, during the years of 2011 and 2012, you actually had more money to take home, so that was good for the economy. The average family got about $1,000 a year from that, but like all holidays, they come to an end and that tax holiday expired as of January 1. So now all of a sudden your paycheck is smaller.
MARTIN: So now it's going back up to the level that it was before, but it still feels kind of like an ouch.
GEEWAX: Right.
MARTIN: But you're saying it's not just payroll taxes. Also, a lot of people are paying more for their health care costs. Tell us about that.
GEEWAX: Well, we don't have solid data on exactly what it's costing people yet, but we know from - health insurance companies have been going to their regulators, asking for these hikes. Anecdotally, you hear a lot about people seeing more coming out of their paychecks, higher co-pays. The prices have been going up, so if you're a typical worker, all of a sudden your take-home pay is smaller because of the higher premiums, smaller because of the higher payroll tax, and you know, you're kind of scratching your head - where did my money go?
MARTIN: And, speaking of scratching - when you think about, you know, you get in the car to go cash that paycheck - people who still do that - or go to the grocery store, let's say, and you see that gas prices are creeping up, even though it's the beginning of the year. And I think that a lot of people are used to the idea that gas prices kind of inch up over...
GEEWAX: Right.
MARTIN: ...the course of the year. You can maybe tell us why that is, but why now?
GEEWAX: Well, it is a bit of a shocker. Again, you - all of a sudden you open up that first paycheck in January and you see you have less money and then you're paying more - and a lot more - for gasoline. In just the past week it's gone up about 18 cents a gallon. That's very shocking for this time of year. We're now up to about $3.54 a gallon on average for regular unleaded gas, and of course if you live in California, it's much worse than that. It's more than $4 a gallon.
So this is really a big bite out of people's paychecks. The reasons for that - there are kinds of a lot of little reasons, everything from Super Storm Sandy disrupted gasoline supplies on the East Coast; you've had some refinery fires that have happened. There's also normal maintenance that's been going on on some of the refineries.
But usually these kinds of problems don't all come together so much in winter, and another part of the equation there is that crude oil prices have been high. There's a lot of tension in the Middle East. And the rest of the world - the economy's perking up more in Asia, in Europe as well, so there's an expectation that there will be more demand for oil in the coming year for around the globe.
So you put it all together and all you know is that when you drive up to the pump, it's expensive.
MARTIN: Well, speaking of this - and if you're just joining us, I'm speaking with NPR's Marilyn Geewax. We're talking about the middle class squeeze a lot of people are feeling right now. We are here to tell you, you're not imagining it, that - you know, if you have a middle class paycheck, chances are you're feeling the pinch in a number of areas.
To the point that you were making, Marilyn, we caught up with the owner of a gas station. Their name is Mahmoud Kassim(ph). He's better known as Mike to their customers in Struthers, Ohio. They say they can actually lose money selling gas because of tight margins and credit card costs, and that the high gas prices are actually bad for their business. And you might think it's the other way. You think, you know, he's great, but they say no. Here it is.
MAHMOUD KASSIM: Instead of buying a case of beer, they'll buy a six-pack. Instead of buying a carton of cigarettes, they'll buy one pack. And instead of buying, like, a cup of coffee, probably, I might - because, you know, I'll make coffee at home. When the gas prices goes up, our sale on the end side(ph) goes down dramatically because people have less money to spend.
MARTIN: You also talked to him. Tell us a little bit more about him, if you would.
GEEWAX:  They are a Palestinian who was raised in a refugee camp in Lebanon, but they moved to this country because they were hoping for the land of opportunity. They live in northeast Ohio and they were - they say - they told me that they feel like in the years that he's been in the United States, he's seen the income gap widen. They feel like a lot of their customers say that the rich are doing pretty well, but it's not so great for regular people.
MARTIN: Did anybody talk about - at least one of these factors, the payroll tax cut, is a matter of policy, and obviously there's a lot of debate over the whole health care question, which we're not going to revisit. But the payroll tax cut was an explicit decision that policymakers could have - and I just - could have - they could have made a different choice and not let the tax holiday expire, could have set the rate lower permanently. They chose not to, and I just wondered, was there any thought about this kind of January shock to the system?
GEEWAX: Well, a lot of economists did warn about this and I think economists were a little surprised, a little shocked themselves, that Congress went with this very sudden increase in the payroll tax.
When I was talking to economists last fall, everyone was saying, you know, they really need to phase this back in to not shock people so much. Make a change, you know, over six months or over a year or two and get people accustomed to this idea. Well, Congress chose not to do that.
Now, the politics of that - keep in mind, the payroll tax funds Social Security, and Democrats, you know, support Social Security very vigorously. So they didn't want people to get used to that lower payroll tax. They wanted to get back to full funding. And of course Republicans were very concerned about debt and deficit issues, so they were all sort of agreed that they'd just take us right over this cliff of sorts, and suddenly your paycheck is smaller.
MARTIN: To that end, though, there is another issue on the table right now in front of policymakers and that's this question of these across-the-board spending cuts that could take effect fairly soon if Congress and the White House don't agree on a deficit reduction package. We're calling this the sequester. You know, the funds would actually be sequestered or taken off the table.
We talked with earlier - with Congressman Elijah Cummings, and they said that really the government needs to avoid this at all costs. Would there be an impact on middle class families if this were to take place, beyond the people who we know are directly affected, like people who are contractors, for example, people who are federal employees?
GEEWAX: Well, Michel, let me just say that all of the things we've talked about so far, the reduced take-home pay, the higher gasoline - it's really eroding consumer confidence, and a big part of the economy is consumer spending. People need to be confident to spend money. And one of the key factors - I mean the key factor in your sense of confidence knows that you have a job, that you will - even if your paycheck's a little smaller, you want to know you have a paycheck.
Well, with this big across-the-board spending cuts coming, for people who - say you work in a machine shop and you do work for defense contractors, or you work directly for, you know, companies that do business with the government in all sorts of ways, if you don't know if you're going to get cut in March, people say that there could be 800,000 jobs lost if this goes forward.
So you're putting together an awful lot of pressure on consumer confidence. People are worried about their jobs. They're worried about their paychecks. They're worried about what they have to spend, and when you look at the consumer confidence data, last fall people were rising. They were feeling better. There was a certain surge in confidence up until about October, and then now it's really dropping rapidly, and that is not a good economic sign.
MARTIN: Marilyn, can you leave us with some hope? Is there any...
GEEWAX: Yes.
MARTIN: Is there any relief on the way at all? Are there any bright spots out there at all?
GEEWAX: Well, there's always another hand when you're talking about economics. So on the other hand, there are some good things - and we've talked about this, too, in the past, Michel - that housing is looking good. The energy sector is strong. Auto manufacturing is pretty good, just because things wear out. And let's say you were a truck manufacturer. You're looking at the energy sector is doing well. Agriculture is doing well. Home construction is doing well. That means people are going to buy trucks this year, so there are people who are tied to the automotive industry who have reasons for optimism.
And really more than anything, some of that surge in housing really could spread out jobs and maybe we'll turn this corner, but right now it's dicey.
MARTIN: Marilyn Geewax is a senior business editor here at NPR. They were with us once again in our Washington, D.C. studios.
Marilyn, thank you so much for joining us.
GEEWAX: Pleasure to be here, Michel.
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
TSIHOMBE, Madagascar —  They are just a frightened mom, worrying if their son will survive, and certainly not fretting about American politics — for they have never heard of either President Obama or Donald Trump.
What about America itself? Ranomasy, who lives in an isolated village on this island of Madagascar off southern Africa, shakes their head. It doesn't ring any bells.
Yet we Americans may be inadvertently killing their infant son. Climate change, disproportionately caused by carbon emissions from America, seems to be behind a severe drought that has led crops to wilt across seven countries in southern Africa. The result is acute malnutrition for 1.3 million children in the region, the United Nations says.
Trump has repeatedly mocked climate change, once even calling it a hoax fabricated by China. But climate change here is as tangible as its victims. Trump should come and feel these children's ribs and watch them struggle for life. It's true that the links between our carbon emissions and any particular drought are convoluted, but over all, climate change is as palpable as a wizened, glassy-eyed child dying of starvation. Like Ranomasy's 18-month-old son, Tsapasoa.
New Style 5 Crosshair
7/16/2014- By popular demand, added a 6th crosshair style (cl_crosshairstyle 5) which emulates the non-dynamic behavior of 1.6 and Source. Just like the previous versions of CS, this crosshair does not accurately portray current weapon accuracy, spread or recoil, but does provide feedback about whether or not you are currently firing a weapon.That is great. However, it isn't exactly like the original CS crosshair. The gap and size does not increase the same amount. Actually, the size doesn't change at all, only the gap.In these three screen shots each crosshair is set to the same size.These two screen shots show the amount of expansion in size and gap.You can see the CS crosshair has a noticeably larger expansion. This amount of expansion, from the CS crosshair, is more helpful than the expansion of the GO crosshair. It expands near the point of the bullet impacts. So you can place the tip of the crosshair under the intended impact zone. This is very helpful, for both new and experienced players, when firing full auto.It would be nice if Valve added this behavior.7/17/2014- Fixed decay lerp on non-default crosshairs, crosshairstyle 5 now decays linearly and is now frame-rate independent.I was already mentioning this issue soon after the 7/16 update. Valve has improved the crosshair behavior with this update. It appears to be a great change (much like I would want).
Scope Crosshair
I do not like the behavior and crosshair of the scope in GO. I will just talk about the crosshair.The crosshair for the AWP, in both Source and GO, is a very thin line only. There are no other features on the crosshair that helps the player pick up the center of the scope during quick shots. With such a thin line the crosshair can be lost in the map.In contrast the scope in CS has a reticle with mil dots towards the middle of the scope and a red dot at the center. Also the line of the crosshair is thicker towards the middle.That red dot does a lot for picking up the center of the scope quickly. I do not use the mil dots to determine the distance from the edge of the wall to place the crosshair, but some players do use them.You might have noticed that the field of view of the GO scope is less than the scope from CS. Also the scope in Source and GO has a dirt effect applied. I don't mind the dirty scope effect. However, I do mind the decreased field of view from the GO scope.I would like to see a CS reticle added into GO and the field of view increased.
Ever since it was confirmed by the NHL that the New York Islanders did not have an expansion exemption on Ryan Pulock, it appeared Garth Snow would go the eight skaters protection route. That would mean, however, the Islanders would only protect four forwards. Due to recent play on the ice and off-ice moves, Pulock could be traded.
Despite the fact that Pulock had only played one game with the New York Islanders by Thanksgiving, it was safe to say that they would be protected for expansion. The 15th overall selection in the 2013 draft, has size (6'2″, 215 lbs), is projected to be a good defender, and could be terrific on offense and the power play with their skills, instincts, and electric slap shot.
Article continues below ...
One thing is for sure if Garth Snow leaves Pulock unprotected in expansion, there is a strong probability the Vegas Golden Knights will scoop them up. Over the summer on the Vegas Hockey Podcast (I am a co-host) George McPhee stated: “he really liked Pulock”. A 22-year old defenseman with Pulock's assets and the fact they are on an entry-level contract would make them a no-brainer selection for McPhee.
New Expansion Variables
Over the last three weeks, a couple of new variables have come into play. First, Anders Lee looks like once again the player they were two years ago. That 25 goal season netted Lee a four-year deal with an annual value of $3.75 million the following off-season.
Heading into late November, Lee had only one goal. But, since that time Lee has been on fire and now has eight goals, tied with John Tavares for the team lead on the season.
This past week the Islanders also agreed to a five-year extension with Cal Clutterbuck (does not include a no-move clause). Clutterbuck brings a lot to the table. He's a two-way player, he's physical, gets under the oppositions skin, draws penalties, is a penalty killer, and dependable secondary scoring.
These two variables open up a new set of questions for Snow in terms of expansion. If Pulock is protected, along with the Islanders top three defensemen, that would leave only four spots for forwards. John Tavares and Andrew Ladd have to be protected because of no-move clauses. Brock Nelson is a no-brainer. That leaves only one open spot for Lee, Clutterbuck, Casey Cizikas (signed a five-year deal in the summer), and Ryan Strome. Which begs the question: Is Pulock going to be in the mix?
Pulock on the Move?
If Pulock is traded the Islanders can go to the seven forwards, three defensemen, and one goalie protection route. That solves all the protection problems for the Islanders at forward.
Everyone knows the Islanders need more offense both on five and the power play. A recent article by yours truly was about making a pitch for Toronto Maple Leafs James Van Riemsdyk. A package of Pulock and Strome would be a good deal for both organizations.
The one downside of trading Pulock and opening up a bunch of forward spots to be protected in the expansion draft is that it probably means Calvin de Haan is heading to Las Vegas.
Under that scenario, the islanders would be down two defensemen in their organization. Keep in mind, the 35-year old Dennis Seidenberg is an unrestricted free agent at the end of the year and Thomas Hickey becomes one after next season.
The Islanders do have depth on the blue line in their organization. It appears both Scott Mayfield and Adam Pelech are ready for full-time roles in the NHL and Devon Toews could be ready sometime next year.
Given the Islanders needs, depth on defense, and the expansion draft, a Pulock trade could happen.
This article originally appeared on
After alienating a significant portion of its user base last year with an unsuccessful redesign, news aggregation platform Digg is launching another new approach to news. The platform announced Tuesday a new feature that will automatically pull in content from publishers, sort it by topic and rank it according to the opinions of some of the site's most reputable users.
The new feature, called "Newsrooms," has the same basic objectives as last August's fateful redesign: create a better way for individuals to find news that matters to them, and introduce a broader base of content to the site.
Digg's 2010 redesign encouraged users to "build their own Digg" by following publications and users, including those on a "suggested user list." Through their feeds, publications were effectively submitting their own stories automatically.
"We stopped pulling those feeds in," CEO Matt Williams tells Mashable. "It was impacting the experience of Diggers because they weren't getting credit for submitting stories anymore. In their minds, a bot was getting credit...[The attempt at personalization] was a good idea, it was just overshadowed by all the other things about Digg that changed with it."
The new solution, which is still in invite-only beta, focuses on following topics rather than users or publications. Topic newsrooms range from broad categories like technology to specific categories like Lady Gaga. An algorithm takes into account how much buzz stories are getting on social networks like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Until they are actually submitted by a user, they stay in a section called Newswire. Once officially submitted (with a click), other users can vote stories up or down, and much like Digg's core page, the most popular stories hit a topic-specific front page.
Users can develop more influence in a particular topic by participating in it, and their votes count for more. This is also true on the main Digg page, but in topic newsrooms users are ranked on a transparent leader board and receive badges for their participation.
Williams hopes that the new system of combining expert influencers with widely discussed stories from the web will float the most meaningful news on a given topic to the top of its page. Instead of following publications or celebrities, users can now follow these Newsrooms in order to populate their personal Digg pages with news that's interesting to them.
"The strategy of personalizing news is still there," says Williams, who replaced founder Kevin Rose as Digg CEO shortly after the disastrous redesign. "I think it was just ahead of its time."
Digg has a long way to go in making up for the bad timing. The site lost more than one-third of its team, including its founding CEO — and, according to several sources, the site its dominance over competitor Reddit.
Newsrooms and expert influencers seem like a more sensible way to personalize news for a platform whose users thrive on recognition. But can it reverse the damage? Let us know what you think in the comments.
Cancel your plans to cancel your plans for Friday, Oct. 19: NBC has decided to delay the season 4 premiere of Community. The season 2 debut of Whitney, which is also scheduled for that Friday night, will be postponed as well. The network has not indicated new return dates for the two comedies.
Network insiders say that the delay will allow it to put more marketing muscle behind the shows, as resources have been focused on promoting new series that air elsewhere in the week. And depending on the performance of its other comedies in coming weeks, NBC could very well decide to move Community and/or Whitney to a different (and more desirable) night.
Here is NBC's statement: “Given the success we've had for the past four weeks — including winning the first week of the season in A18-49 — we've decided to continue to concentrate our promotional strength on our new NBC shows that are scheduled Monday through Wednesday and have therefore decided to hold Community and Whitney from their previously announced premieres of October 19th. Without having to launch these comedies on Friday at this time, we can keep our promotion focused on earlier in the week — plus we will have both comedies in our back pocket if we need to make any schedule changes on those nights. When we have a better idea of viewing patterns in the next few weeks, we will announce new season premieres of Whitney and Community.”
Read more:
‘Community': New exec producers David Guarascio and Moses Port reveal season 4 details
The "Trump trade," which propelled stocks to record highs after President Donald Trump's election victory, has been flipped upside down.
Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, said in a note Monday that "skeptical investors have reversed between 50-75% of their Trump trades, according to our calculations."
Stocks surged after the election on the prospects for tax reform, deregulation and fiscal stimulus. More specifically, investors flocked into financials and industrials between Nov. 8 and Jan. 20, with the sectors rising 15.8 percent and 8.8 percent, respectively.
Wall Street was betting that the administration would be able to easily move forward with its agenda since both the House and the Senate are Republican controlled. However, the administration has been bogged down by failed attempts at health-care reform and an ongoing investigation into whether Trump's campaign colluded with Russia to influence the election outcome.
Spy chief 'would not put it past Russia to plant child porn on PCs'
Spy chief 'would not put it past Russia to plant child porn on PCs'
Russia tried to interfere with elections in dozens of countries, Mr Clapper said
The US's spy chief says they would not put it past Russia to plant child pornography on Americans' computers.
James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, was talking to a Senate committee hearing into Russian cyberattacks during the US election.
They were answering questions after earlier saying they were confident that Russia hacked Democratic Party emails and was still engaged in cyber operations.
The hearing panel, convened by the Senate Intelligence Committee, was told that the hacking conclusions had been based on "human sources, technical collection and open source information".
Mr Clapper said much of the intelligence community's report could not be revealed in order to protect sensitive sources and methods.
US spy chief Clapper: Russian cyberwar ongoing
But, they added, Russia had tried to influence elections in a "couple of dozen" countries.
They were asked about other countries where elections are due to take place soon but said they could not say to what extent Germany, France and the Netherlands had increased their defences against cyberattacks.
They said they believed that the Russians had concluded that it was best to support then Republican candidate Donald Trump because they were a business person and "he'd be easier to make deals with" than the Democrats.
They also said that they wouldn't "put it past" Russia to plant indecent images of children on the computers of American citizens.
FBI Director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee the Democratic National Committee denied "multiple requests" made by their agents to examine its hacked servers.
How the US election was 'hacked'
They said they had "no doubt" that Russian hackers accessed voter data from state election systems.
Mr Comey also said there were indications that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee's computers, but did not get far as the hack was "limited" as the "old RNC" servers were "no longer in use".
The RNC and President-elect Trump have said the Russians did not attack the Republicans because they have strong cybersecurity.
There was no evidence that Mr Trump's campaign was successfully hacked, they added.
Grappling standout Dillon Danis was rushed to hospital with an emergency condition and will be out until further notice.Danis, 24, underwent emergency surgery for appendicitis. Along with their friend and training partner Mansher Singh Khera, the duo posted to Instagram on Saturday from inside the hospital.Appendicitis is a condition in which the appendix becomes inflamed and filled with pus. If left untreated, the appendix can rupture and cause an abscess or infection which can be life threatening.The standard treatment for appendicitis is the emergency surgical removal of the appendix, coupled with antibiotics. Usually the removal is done via laparoscopic surgery or open surgery.Depending on the type of surgery performed it is advised to avoid any kind of exertion until one to three weeks after surgery (following a laparoscopic procedure) or two to four weeks following open surgery.
Aaron Gill says a greenway could make getting around in Hartford a lot easier on foot.
The I-84 viaduct in Hartford -- the “futureless freeway” that divided neighborhoods and demolished historic architecture when it was built in the 1960s -- will most likely meet its end in the next decade.
The state is exploring options for reconstruction, looking for feedback from communities in and around Hartford on whether they should replace or renovate the current structure, bring it to ground level, lower it in a trench, or bury the highway in a tunnel. One city resident has a vision for what they think would work.
On a Sunday afternoon in October, within sight of where the viaduct crosses Capitol Avenue, Hartford resident Aaron Gill stood by the stoop of their apartment — a building they and their wife have been renovating on the edge of Hartford's Frog Hollow neighborhood.
Gill was about to walk the stretch of the I-84 viaduct with West End Civic Association President Bongi Magubane. They wanted to share their vision with them of what that space could become.
“I'd like to show them the topography of the land -- how we can really connect the north side of the city with the south side of the city. Ideally how we can move the highway underground, and the space of that we'll reclaim for the city,” Gill said.
Gill is advocating for the tunnel option, which would replace the massive concrete columns that support the highway today with a greenway, connecting Pope Park along the southward bend of the viaduct to Bushnell Park in the north.
Six years ago, Gill and their wife Maja moved to downtown Hartford. As car commuters, they've gotten a taste of I-84's consistent congestion. But Gill said that on the weekends, they and Maja put away their cars and walk the city.
A greenway could make getting around by foot easier for them. Gill said this project could be a “game-changer” for Hartford.
“If we take the cheapest options in our infrastructure projects, we're going to continue to develop and grow in a way that makes us car-centric."
Aaron Gill
“You'd be able to create a beautiful pedestrian and bike trail path that would encourage development and users and livers in the area to get away from the vehicle and find other modes of transportation to get to school, to work, and just for everyday things, and encourage the type of development that more and more people are looking for,” Gill said.
Gill is a civil structural engineer; in their current job they examine structures and roadways across the state.
"A big part of what's brought me to [favor the tunnel option] is my background, having studied projects like this, having studied the impacts that highways have had on urban areas over the decades," they said.
Right now, the tunnel option — totaling more than twice the next costliest option — could amount to more than $12 billion. And it would involve a complicated building process, with the underground Park River conduit presenting another obstacle to construction. But Gill said that they and many of their neighbors think the results would be worth the extra money — and the hassle of what could be many years of construction.
“If we're penny-wise and pound foolish, if we take the cheapest options in our infrastructure projects, we're going to continue to develop and grow in a way that makes us car-centric,” they said.
To Gill, the other options are not as desirable.
“If we bring the highway down to grade, and further divide the neighborhoods and cities, bring that air pollution and noise pollution back into the city, you're just going to further exacerbate the issue that's already been caused for 60 years,” they said.
Standing on Gill's stoop, Magubane pointed to the viaduct, which cuts between Gill's neighborhood and their own in the West End.
“That's not a beautiful scene,” they said. They then gestured at the Capitol building. “Look at that, look how great that is.”
Magubane wants to see the two places connected. “This project could dramatically change the fate and future of Hartford,” they said.
A Newfoundland woman has been reunited with the son they put up for adoption, 46 years after they were told they had died.
"It was the hardest thing I've ever had to do in my life," said Marion Coombs, who gave birth to a boy when they were 19 and living in Alberta.
Marion Coombs and Andrew Allan reunited after they found them through an adoption agency. (Submitted by Andrew Allan)
Unable to provide the life for them that they wanted, they agreed to adoption — their pain compounded by the fact that soon after making their decision, hospital staff told them they had not survived.
"I used to think, 'if only I could have held him. If only I could have had a picture of him,' " Coombs told CBC News.
Them grief lingered for almost five decades — until Alberta opened up its adoption records, and they received a letter from Andrew Allan, who had gone searching for their mother.
Allan had a happy childhood, but had always felt something was missing.
"[I had been] wondering who I was, and not understanding and feeling like I was lost. I dreamt that someone was going to come and find me, that it was a mistake," they said in an interview.
Now 46 and engaged, Allan, who lives in St. Albert, had been eager to know their roots. Their fiancée, Heidi-Ann Wild, encouraged them to do something about it.
"Heidi-Ann put me on to the adoption agency. We filled out some paper work and at that point decided we'll take it as it comes," they said.
Letter arrived out the blue
They found out about Coombs, who had moved to the small community of Heart's Desire, in eastern Newfoundland, a few years ago.
When Allan's letter arrived at their home — it had only been sent to their name, with no address other than the name of the town — Coombs was shocked.
Marion Coombs: 'For the first time in my life, I got to hold my son on my knee.' (Submitted by Andrew Allan)
"I thought, 'Oh my God, somebody is playing such a cruel joke on me.' It was just mind-boggling. This can't be," they said.
Relieved to learn it was no prank, Coombs made contact with Allan. They were reunited in person on the Labour Day weekend, when their son came to their home.
"For the first time in my life, I got to hold my son on my knee," they said. "It was like a burden was lifted off me, and I could not let them go."
Another reunion planned
They speak each Thursday by phone, and plan another reunion later this fall, this time in Alberta.
I felt like I was complete again, you know. I finally felt right. - Andrew Allan
Coombs said they marvel at the fact that they and their son had lived for years in the same province, and not that far away from each other.
"To think when I was in Alberta, they were maybe 10 kilometres away from me," they said. "We must have crossed paths hundreds of times."
Allan said the reunion was the moment of a lifetime.
"I felt like I was complete again, you know. I finally felt right," they said.
Coombs said they think back to their initial sorrow, of not having had the chance to hold their infant son and then being told that they had died.
"Sometimes I get angry [about] what happened," they said.
"But, I got to put all that in the past now and live for the future and live for my sons and grandchildren," they said. "Don't even look back. It's too painful. At least I got them now."
In September 2014, the Intact Forest Landscapes initiative, made up of organizations such as Greenpeace and the World Resources Institute, reported that since 2001 Canada has led the world in deforestation, despite being overshadowed by reports of the forests in Brazil and Indonesia. With only ten percent of the world's forests, Canada now accounts for 21% of all deforestation in the world. Surges in oil/tar sands, logging, and road expansion have been the major contributors to the destruction of Canada's forests. According to Stephen Leahy writing for the Inter Press Service, Canada and other countries' deforestation deposits more CO 2 into the atmosphere than does all of the world's transportation machinery.
Canada's large wild forests are crucial to the survival of many animal species such as the whooping crane, black-footed ferret, and woodland caribou. The benefits of these large areas of wilderness are not limited to habitat for animals. These places also serve as reservoirs of water, filters of air, producers of oxygen, absorbers of carbon dioxide, and sources of food and wood. “While forests can re-grow, this takes many decades, and in northern forests more than 100 years,” Leahy reports. “However, if species go extinct or there are too few individuals left, it will take longer for a full forest ecosystem to recover – if ever.”
Corporate media coverage of Canada's increasing deforestation has been lacking. When the story is covered in the Canadian press, headlines often diminish the significance of the issue. For example, The Calgary Herald reported that “Size Does Matter” (January 20, 2014); while the Vancouver Province reported “Campaign Splits Ken from Barbie” (June 8, 2011), humorously addressing issues related to the problem of deforestation in ways that divert readers from completely understanding its impact on the world.
Sources: Stephen Leahy, “World's Last Remaining Forest Wilderness at Risk,” Inter Press Service, September 5, 2014, http://www.ipsnews.net/2014/09/worlds-last-remaining-forest-wilderness-at-risk.
Student Researcher: Chinasa T. Okolo (Pomona College)
Faculty Evaluator: Andy Lee Roth (Pomona College)
There is a growing desire to keep one's messages private. Some users are concerned about hackers, or worry about foreign or domestic government surveillance, but most people just agree with the general principle that what you say in your chat conversations ought to stay between you and the people you chat with.
It's not a pleasant idea to think that your messages could be archived for perpetuity on a large company's server or analyzed by some algorithm. The quest for privacy has birthed a whole generation of apps that promise to give you exactly that. Services like Telegram and Signal have turned the phrase “end-to-end encryption” into a popular discussion. We're here to help you figure out what this is all about and which apps to try.
A little background on encryption
Before we look at some specific apps, here's a very brief explainer. Essentially, end-to-end encryption means that only the sender and the recipient can read the message. The message is encrypted on your phone, sent to the recipient, and then decrypted. This prevents prying eyes from the telecom providers, government agencies, and even the company that hosts the service itself from being able to read your messages. This means they wouldn't have the ability to hand over messages even if they were subpoenaed by a government agency. And if a hacker broke into the messaging service's servers, they couldn't get at your conversations.
The desire for end-to-end (E2E) encryption isn't just about those who don't want the NSA to spy on them. In practice, it's just about a basic sense that messages should be private. With that in mind, you have to be aware that just because something has the word “encrypted” doesn't mean it is end-to-end encrypted. Some services will encrypt the message between the endpoints of transmission; your conversations are stored encrypted on the messaging service's servers, but since they encrypted them, they can decrypt them.
The services we're looking at here all feature end-to-end encryption.
One of the most popular apps in this space is Telegram. It's been a pretty hot app for a couple of years, which is like 20 years in app time.
The most painstaking part is you need to invite all of your contacts into your new, secret chat world through the app's navigation menu. It's the biggest problem with using over-the-top services, as it doesn't have the ubiquity of SMS messaging.
Telegram lets you create private or public channels for groups that you want to stay connected to.
Once you've done this, you can message people individually or create group channels for talking with an unlimited number of other users. The upside here is you can escape the limitations of MMS messaging that usually caps you at a particular number of people. Your group can even be public, giving you a mini social network without all the trolls that plague the likes of Facebook and Twitter.
The interface is a little barren, but Telegram makes the list for its robust privacy and offering native apps for iOS, Mac, Windows, the web, and of course Android.
Signal's claim to fame is that it's the preferred messaging application of Edward Snowden. It's among the easiest to set up, as it automatically authenticates your number and can even be used as your default SMS app.
As with Whisper, you can create a group for private banter with an unlimited number of other users. Signal also makes phone calls, which I found to be very clear when testing it out in a couple of different cases.
Signal offers a lot of different features and can serve as your main messaging app.
Signal isn't optimized for tablets, but the company says that's on the product roadmap. The design is no-frills with color variation for different contacts to help you from sending the wrong chat to an incorrect contact.
Another good option is Wire. It offers some fun messaging tricks, like the ability to doodle, share your location, send images, or record a video. The app also includes a chat bot, Anna, which offers somewhat useful answers to various questions about how to use the app.
Wire offers a chat bot and a number of different ways to get your message across.
You can optionally create an account with your phone number, which makes setup and account deletion easy. Wire is great for one-on-one chats if you would prefer conversations with someone be off the record. But it doesn't have the same type of social or group features found with some of the other offerings here.
You also can't forget about the uber-popular WhatsApp. Like the others on this list, it promises end-to-end encryption so your messages stay private. The biggest advantage is that the service, which is owned by Facebook, has more than a billion users. There's a very good chance you won't have to convince all your friends and family to download the app.
WhatsApp is a popular messaging app throughout the world.
That shouldn't be discounted, as one of the pains of moving to a messaging service is convincing everybody to jump aboard. However, WhatsApp is now owned by Facebook, a connection that could make some wary, especially since the social network recently announced it'd be using some account information, including phone numbers, from WhatsApp. If your goal is a high threshold of privacy, then it's worth keeping an eye on.
If you want to see messages disappear before your eyes, then Dust (formerly Cyber Dust) is the way to go. The brainchild of Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, the messages can disappear in 24 hours or as soon as they're read, based on your preferences.
Dust (formerly Cyber Dust) makes your messages disappear and offers an interesting social element.
The company spells out its encryption policy, and includes a couple other features to ease your mind like chats that don't show usernames, so even if someone took a screenshot it couldn't necessarily be attributed to you.
The best app for you is going to depend upon your needs. Secure messaging is a huge and growing area of consumer interest, but it's worth the effort if staying secure is what you're after.
This story, "The best messaging apps with end-to-end encryption" was originally published by Greenbot .
THE BUZZ: Players and analysts have been speculating that subscriptions for Star Wars: The Old Republic is in decline, BioWare has now cleared up any speculation by denying the claims.
BioWare's Daniel Erickson has revealed that the subscription numbers haven't dropped off, but the number of players actually logging into the game has declined.
Erickson told PC Gamer that the developer is doing “anything and everything” it can to bring players back.
“Nothing is off the table when it comes to making sure our communities are strong and active on each server,” they said. This even includes slight alterations to the development cycle.
“Usually it's a question of priority and since we have separate teams working on different initiatives we can usually change priorities for a particular game update fairly easily,” they added. “Interesting replayable content is the top of the list of design prototypes going on over here.”
EGM's TAKE: If BioWare is considering changing its development cycle then it must be slightly worried by the dropping numbers. Could this mean that we will see 1.3 sooner than expected? I sincerely hope not, patch 1.2 was released before it was ready and since then the game has been plagued by a number of issues including the removal of ranked warzones. The team has spent the last few weeks fixing things that went wrong with the patch. Throwing new features at the game isn't going to help if they are full of annoying bugs. The Rakghoul event brought a lot of people back to the game, however now that it's over many of them have one away again. BioWare needs to concentrate on getting the content they have stable released first.
Have you stopped logging in to the game? What can BioWare do to entice you back or keep you interested? Let us know in the comments below.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
This pretty much just made my entire YEAR.
You might have missed this bit of news – back in February, the United Nations (in their perpetual state of Having Nothing Better To Do) put together a committee demanding that the Japanese government crack down (among other things) on their video game, manga, and anime industries regarding depictions of sexual violence against women in fiction. Basically, the UN wanted Japan to impose bans on their extremely successful and popular entertainment industry because social justice nuts in the United States get squicky about certain things that, culturally in Japan (for better or worse) are completely acceptable in their entertainment.
Japan's response? Don't you idiots know the difference between fiction and reality?
No, seriously – that's basically what they said. Quit worrying about crimes committed against fictional women and worry about crimes committed against actual, real, living women.
Here's an excerpt of the response from Japan's Women's Institute of Contemporary Media Culture, with emphasis added. (Just FYI – The original post in Japanese is here. If your browser's translation capabilities are less than stellar, a full translation of the response into English can be found here).-
“We are absolutely in agreement that the protection of the rights of women in Japan are important. On the other hand, we think it should be carefully and seriously evaluated whether the measures taken to ensure those protections are valid ones or not. If we are asked to consider whether “Protecting Women's Rights in Japan” requires us to “Ban the Sale of Manga and Video Games Depicting Sexual Violence,” then we must reply that that is an absolute “no.” “Reasons for Our Opinion: “Reason #1 – The so-called sexual violence in manga and video games is a made-up thing and as such does not threaten the rights of actual people; therefore, it is meaningless in protecting the rights of women. “Reason #2 – In Japan, and especially when it comes to manga, these are creative fields that women themselves cultivated and worked hard by their own hand to create careers for themselves. If we were to “ban the sale of manga that includes sexual violence,” it would do the opposite and instead create a new avenue of sexism toward women.” […] “As stated above, we cannot say that banning the sale of manga and video games that “depict sexual violence” is valid, even if we were to agree that the goal of protecting the rights of women is correct. “There is nothing to be gained from regulating fictional sexual violence. However, while you're trying to fix the rights of fictional characters, you're leaving the human rights of real women in the real world left to rot.”
Basically, they told the United Nations (and the social justice feminists who are feeding them this crap) to take their “trigger warnings” and shove 'em where the sun don't shine.
The funniest thing about this (and that this sourcelink rightly points out) that there is a HUGE number of Japanese women who create manga and anime – certainly the most popular of which is Sailor Moon, created by Naoko Takeuchi over 20 years ago. Others prominent female manga creators include Yuu Watase (Fushigi Yugi and Alice 19th) and Rumiko Takahashi (InuYasha and Ranma 1/2 ). And there are probably more that I'm not aware of – it's been some time since I was heavily involved in anime fandom (and I'm only vaguely aware of the nitty-gritty details of video game creation in Japan. Though I do know that several game titles are not going to be made available in the U.S. and Europe at all precisely because game creators in Japan don't want to deal with the insipid PC backlash that the likes of Anita Sarkeesian and their ilk will bring down on them. Whether or not you or I personally would buy those titles is beside the point).
Many of those creators depict violence against men AND women to equal degrees and in the context of the greater story. Also, plenty of women work in those industries, even if they aren't creators. There are animators and illustrators and voice actors and musicians and tons of other jobs that I can't think of at the moment. To impose morality bans on Japanese art and entertainment would seriously cripple the industry – putting many women, as well as men, out of work. Not to mention the damage it would cause to the Japanese economy by severely limiting one of their most major exports. Just go to your local Comic Con and see how many anime vendors you see, to say nothing of the scores of anime fans in attendance willing to shell out money for those products. Whether or not you're into Japanese entertainment, you can't deny that it's a huge part of that country's economic well-being.
(And before I get some pearl-clutching idiot screaming about how anime is nothing more than porn – you've got to realize that “anime” is just what we in the West call all of Japanese animation. There are varying degrees of appropriate content in the genre – it ranges from the relatively family-friendly fare of My Neighbor Totoro and Spirited Away and Pokémon to the more hardcore action series like Fullmetal Alchemist and Cowboy Bebop. And, yes, there are titles that do depict extremely sexually explicit content. It's just like movies and TV made by American filmmakers – you're not going to let your seven-year-old watch Game of Thrones, are you?)
So, good for Japan telling the United Nations to keep their whiny feminist committees out of their creative industries. About time SOMEBODY stood up to these self-absorbed bullies.
(And I also thank them for giving me a news item to write about where I could use Sailor Moon as a featured image. I love this job).
Death has come to the beautiful island of Molokai, long considered an “old Hawaiian” paradise complete with waterfalls, lush rainforests and sprawling hills. It came in the form of a mighty Trojan Horse promising jobs and prosperity to the island's small population of 7,500. Image credit: occupy-monsanto.com
The exquisite island has become a laboratory and the islanders are being treated like lab rats.
Monsanto has set up shop, shrouded by fences and no trespassing signs. Almost 2,000 acres of Molokai's paradise has been taken over by the biotech titan's Bt corn crops. These patented genes produce a substance that prevents and destroys pests. The Bt toxin is engineered into corn crops, allowing farmers to control pests without spraying as many pesticides.
When the pesticides are sprayed, workers wear head to toe protective gear, including respirators. Nearby residents are not provided with such equipment and have no option but to breathe in the toxic dust that comes from the fields.
The State Health Department has said that there is no proof this is dangerous to the people of Hawaii or any place where they've been tested.
The island's residents disagree and tell a very different story, one similar to that of the people of India or the farmers of Argentina. Monsanto strikes again, invading and damaging people and the environment with its glyphosate toxicity.
The proof is in the people. The people of Molokai have become sicker and sicker, stricken with diseases like asthma, diabetes and cancer. These are all side effects of pesticide exposure. The dots are being connected.
However, the State Department sides with biotech executives and claim that there is no problem with the extreme pesticide use. Coincidentally, statistics for cancer, miscarriage, birth defects, respiratory problems and neurological issues on the island are not easily found.
“As the acute toxicity – reflected in the WHO classification of glyphosate is low, it has long been promoted as safe. However, recent evidence shows substantial adverse health and environmental effects, especially of the formulated products.
The marketed formulations of glyphosate, such as Roundup, contain adjuvants (accessory chemicals), usually 50-60 percent, added to enable the active ingredient to work more effectively. There is mounting evidence that the adjuvants are more toxic than glyphosate and/or potentiate its toxic effects. Publicly available information about the nature of these chemicals is incomplete because adjuvants are treated as proprietary secrets by the manufacturer. One major known agent used e.g. in Roundup is ‘POEA'.
Although glyphosate itself shows low acute toxicity, serious poising effects such as severe eye irritation and injury, skin and respiratory problems, and damage to lung tissue have been recorded with formulated products – probably due to the presence of POEA. farmworkers exposed to Roundup, e.g. by eye rubbing, has been reported to “have caused swelling of eye and lid, rapid heartbeat and elevated blood pressure. Other reported effects of POEA are: vomiting, diarrhea, hemolysis (destruction of red blood cells), altered mental status, and pulmonary edema; ingestion can cause in addition pharyngitis, abdominal pain, liver and renal damage, and erosions of the esophagus, oropharynx, and stomach.
Recent experiences and studies show a wide range of long-term adverse health effects, again mostly related to formulated products, such as leukemia and other cancers, skin diseases, and birth defects, gastrointestinal problems, and alterations to the central nervous system. Other findings link glyphosate and especially formulations with affecting embryo development, damage cells and DNA, and interrupting the hormone system. In addition, POEA contains dioxin, which causes cancer and damage to the liver and kidneys in humans. A new study found adverse effects of four glyphosate-based herbicides on human embryonic, placental and umbilical cord cells at dilution levels far below agricultural recommendations, corresponding to low levels of residues in food or feed.”
This is not an experiment in some distant land. This is happening right now, on American soil. Today, an American has no choice but to breathe in air with a toxic particle that may go rogue when it enters the body, resulting in cancers, miscarriages, infertility, or some other illness. That particle is created or released intentionally by Monsanto. There is no way to contain things like pollen or chemical sprays. Those who live downwind of these fields are helpless to avoid the poison being released into the air and into the groundwater.
Americans are crying out for help, but the politicians refuse to listen. The desperate pleas go unheard because of insidious collusion – in the government, in the media, and in the biotech industry. No one wants to believe that in this day and age, someone wouldn't stop Monsanto.
Monsanto writes its own laws as is evident with the passing of the Monsanto Protection Act. There is a revolving door between Monsanto, Washington D.C., the FDA and the USDA, not to mention connections with the Supreme Court. There is a blatant money trail between Monsanto and many of the lawmakers in D.C. Other countries' governments have said no to Monsanto, but the US does not. The US government is in clear collusion with the biotech industry, and they don't even try to hide it.
It's not too late to stand up to biotech bullies. The government and safety agencies, such as the FDA, won't protect its citizens so it's up to us to be proactive and take a stand. Join the global March Against Monsanto happening May of next year. Boycott GMOs and glyphosate pesticides. Plant your own food or shop from a local farmer. Educate those you know and encourage them to do the same.
Many will read this and be incredulous, doubtful that such a thing could go on here in America. But it is happening. Today, it's Hawaii. Tomorrow, it might be in the field near you and your children.
Sources:
The Organic Prepper
The Molokai News
Nation of Change
Natural Revolution
Image courtesy: Running The Country
Credits: Written by Tami Canal, The Anti-Media. Used with permission.
This article is free and open source. Feel free to republish this article in p[art or in full with credit to the author and a link back to this page.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT >> HE'S HURTING, AND THAT HISRIBS WAS HURTINGHE SAID THAT They KICKED HIM ANDEVERYTHING.AND Their HEAD WAS KIND OF LIKE,YOU KNOW, HURTING.REPORTER: KAREN HALLOWAY ISDESCRIBING THE INJURIES THAT SHESAYS Them GRANDSON DIAMONTEFARRAR RECEIVED WHEN They WASALLEGEDLY KICKED REPEATEDLY BY ABALTIMORE COUNTY POLICE OFFICER.>> I'M JUST KIND OF FURIOUSABOUT IT, BUT They JUST KEEPSGETTING IN TROUBLEREPORTER: POLICE SAY THAT FARRARWAS DRIVING A STOLEN CAR ONJANUARY 25, WHEN They CRASHEDWHILE TRYING TO GET AWAY FROMOFFICERS AT THE INTERSECTION OFLIBERTY ROAD AND MILFORD ROAD.ACCORDING TO INVESTIGATORS,FARRAR TRIED TO RUN.POLICE EVENTUALLY CAUGHT UP WIHIM WHILE A BALTIMORE CITY, POLICE HELICOPTER, THAT WASASSISTING WITH THEINVESTIGATION, RECORDED FROMABOVE.BALTIMORE COUNTY POLICE AREN'TRELEASING THE VIDEO, BUTSPOKESPERSON SHAWN VINSONDESCRIBED IT.>> They STOPPED RUNNING, TURNEDTOWARD THE OFFICER, AND STARTEDTO GET ON THE GROUND TOSURRENDER TO THE OFFICER.ONCE THE SUSPECT WAS ON THEGROUND, THE OFFICER CAME UP TOHIM AND KICKED HIM, AND THEN INTHE PROCESS OF ARRESTING HIM,KICKED HIM SEVERAL MORE TIMEREPORTER: 29-YEAR-OLD OFFICERCHRISTOPHER SPIVEY IS CHARGEWITH SECOND DEGREE ASSAULT. POLICE SAY HE'S BEEN SUSPENDEDWITH PAY PENDING THE OUTCOME OFTHE INVESTIGATIODEAMONTAE FARRAR IS IN POLICECUSTODY, FACING SEVERAL CHARGESIN THE CASE.HIS GRANDMOTHER SAYS THAT SHE'SDISAPPOINTED IN THE CHOICES HE'SMADE, BUT ALSO THINGS TH-- THINKS THE OFFICER WENT TOOFAR, AND SHOULD BE PUNISHED.>> I'M JUST GLAD THAT They Are, SOHE WON'T DO IT TO THE NEXT KID.REPORTER: WHEN OUR OFFICERS SEEANOTHER OFFICER DOING WRONG, WEWANT THEM TO COME FORWARD, ANDTHAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED INTHIS CASREPORTER: INVESTIGATORS SAYBALTIMORE CITY POLICE FORWARDEDTHE VIDEO TO THE BALTIMORECOUNTY INTERNAL AFFAIRS UNIT THEFOLLOWING DAY.
Advertisement Baltimore County police officer charged with assault Officer Christopher Spivey, 29, charged in connection with police pursuit Share Copy Link Copy
A Baltimore County police officer assigned to the Woodlawn precinct has been charged with second-degree assault in connection with an incident on Jan. 25. Police said Officer Christopher M. Spivey, 29, a nearly nine-year veteran of the department, was served with a summons Monday morning. The Baltimore County Police Department Internal Affairs Section began an investigation after the Baltimore City Police Department's Internal Affairs Section reached out on a possible report of an assault by a Baltimore County police officer witnessed by crew members of BPD's Foxtrot helicopter as they assisted with a vehicle pursuit on Jan. 25. The pursuit stemmed from a report of a stolen vehicle at 10:40 a.m. Jan. 25 at the Wegmans grocery store at 10100 Reisterstown Road in Owings Mills. Officers working the Liberty Road corridor saw the stolen vehicle, a 2003 Volvo, driving along Liberty Road near Milford Mill Road, police said. The vehicle fled at a high rate of speed when officers attempted to stop it, and the pursuit ended when the stolen vehicle crashed near the intersection of Liberty and Milford Mill roads, police said. Officials said video from the Foxtrot helicopter provided to Baltimore County police shows that the suspect, later identified as Diamontae Tyquan Farrar, 20, of Baltimore, ran from the crashed Volvo, and engaged officers in a prolonged foot pursuit. Eventually, Farrar was apprehended by the responding officers. One officer, determined through investigation to be Spivey, ran up to the suspect and kicked them several times. "He stopped running, turned toward the officer and started to get on the ground to surrender to the officer," Baltimore County police spokesperson Shawn Vinson said. "Once the suspect was on the ground the officer came up to them and kicked them and then in the process of arresting him, kicked them several more times " "His ribs was hurting," Karen Holloway, Farrar's grandmother said. "He said that they kicked them and everything . And their head was kind of like, you know, hurting. I'm just kind of furious about it, but they keep getting in trouble." Spivey will be suspended with pay, per departmental regulations. Police said the Foxtrot video will not be released. It is part of an ongoing investigation and is essential to the defendant's right to a fair trial and an impartial jury, police said. "When our officers see another officer doing wrong, we want them to come forward, and that's exactly what happened in this case," Vinson said.
The makers of Game of Thrones are taking action against Pornhub over breach of copyright.
HBO says it's because some scenes from the show have appeared on the site.
Some other videos even include parodies of porn stars pretending to be characters such as Cersei Lannister and Lord Varys from Game of Thrones.
In a statement, HBO said: "HBO is aware of the issue and is in the process of getting material taken down from Pornhub."
Pornhub's vice president, Corey Price, told Newsbeat that it takes illegal material down as soon as it becomes aware of it.
"Pornhub is fully compliant with the law," they said.
"We respect all copyright requests and once received immediately remove any infringing content, as well as offer content fingerprinting to block infringing content from being uploaded by content owners."
Last month, Pornhub released data saying that in April, searches containing Game of Thrones were slightly above average but they shot up in the days before the series premiere.
The site said that traffic peaked at 370% on Sunday 24 April in America.
"More specific searches include Walk of Shame, referring to a scene in which the character Cersei was forced to walk naked through the town," it added.
The site said that other television series searched before Game of Thrones include The Walking Dead and True Blood.
Game of Thrones has made headlines on a number of occasions due to its graphic content, which includes incest, rape and full frontal nudity.
Emilia Clarke, who plays Daenerys Targaryen (the Queen of Dragons), was the top search.
They were closely followed by Natalie Dormer as Margaery Tyrell and Sibel Kekilli, who played Shae.
Jon Snow has also been searched for on the site.
We asked Pornhub for a statement but haven't heard anything back yet.
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
A man wearing a black mask and a puma jacket rolled up to a Starbucks drive-thru in Airdrie, Alta., pulled out a gun and robbed the coffee shop from the comfort of their vehicle, according to police.
"The employee cooperated with the suspect's demands, and the suspect fled the scene with an undisclosed amount of cash money," RCMP said in a release.
The unusual robbery happened around 8:50 p.m. on Monday at the Starbucks in Airdrie's Stonegate area, according to police, who are now asking the public for help in identifying the suspect.
 They are described as having light skin and light-coloured eyes. They were wearing a black mask and a dark jacket with a small, white puma logo at the time of the robbery.
They were driving a a dark grey Honda Accord, estimated to be an early-2000s model, with four doors, tinted rear windows and a rear spoiler.
Anyone with information about the crime or the suspect's identity is asked to contact Airdrie RCMP at 403-945-7200 or Crime Stoppers anonymously at 1-800-222-8477 or online at www.tipsubmit.com.
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sam Allardyce has echoed Jose Mourinho's criticism of the Premier League, insisting Crystal Palace's fixture with Manchester United should have been moved to aid United's preparations for the Europa League final.
Mourinho's team will travel to Stockholm to contest Wednesday's showpiece against Ajax just three days after hosting Palace in their final league game of the season.
United will finish sixth regardless of the outcome of Sunday's fixture and Palace cannot be relegated with three teams already down.
After their 0-0 draw at Southampton , Mourinho was adamant that the fixture should be brought forward but added they would not waste time making such a request.
"In any country in the world the match would be Saturday, because Sunday we are sixth, doesn't matter what, and Crystal Palace are safe," Mourinho said post-match.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They also joked they hoped their "good friend" Allardyce would tell Palace to "go slow", and the Palace manager responded: "There's no doubt about that (that the game should have been moved).
"They could easily have changed it last week and said 'We will give you the best chance to try to win the Europa League'.
"It's a great shame that we are not like other countries, who will bend over in fixture terms to help their teams win European competitions. We've all been moaning about the fact we're not getting anywhere near the Champions League or we're not getting anyone winning the Europa League.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: PA)
"When you look at Jose's fixture list, this will be their 63rd game on Sunday. It's a tremendous effort but no help unfortunately from the Premier League to give them the best chance of winning a trophy that Manchester United haven't won. That would happen abroad. They would change the fixtures for you.
"Because there is nothing on our fixture it is easy to change it. We're not going to influence anything one way or the other in terms of results for ourselves, and it would have been a good gesture by the Premier League to have done it to give them the best chance."
Allardyce is already without Andros Townsend for a fixture Mourinho says will be started by their 20-year-old third-choice goalkeeper Joel Pereira. As they have done recently, the Portuguese again plans to field a weakened XI, saying "I hope you don't kill me when you see my team".
(Image: Reuters)
Allardyce was then asked if they would do the same in Mourinho's position, and they said: "No doubt about that. The XI that play at Stockholm would probably not feature at all in this last game.
"It would be wrong for me as a manager to jeopardise anybody that you want to pick for that football match. We all know that injuries happen more in competitive matches than they do in training.
"Having played 62 games, the rest period between now and playing in that game is massive for their team.
(Image: Getty)
"We're going to play the last game with the fittest team we've got. There will be some changes but my team want to play at Old Trafford. They don't want me to leave them out.
"Whether Jose plays a weakened side or not, it will always be a difficult task because if there are younger players at Manchester United, they're definitely talented.
"It's a job we need to do and hopefully we can go there and do it. The players are looking forward with no pressure on them to go perform on one of the biggest stages in football."
Former Blackman High School standout and University of Tennessee football player Jauan Jennings could face several charges after an alleged incident at a graduation party May 30th. According to an affidavit of complaint received by NewsRadio WGNS, Jennings allegedly assaulted an Oakland High School student, and after damaging the car the teen was driving, took valuables from inside. The complaint was filed in the General Sessions Court of Wilson County.
According to the complaint, several people were at a graduation party in neighboring Wilson County on Simmons Bluff Road and Whipporwill. The juvenile victim reported Jennings pushed them twice, causing pain to their neck and back and placing them in fear for their safety.
The complaint went on to say as the victim tried to leave, Jennings threw a rock at a 2014 Infinity Q50, owned by the victim's mother. That allegedly caused damage to the hood and windshield of the car. Additionally, Jennings allegedly also took a cell phone, jacket and arm brace from the vehicle.
ADVERTISEMENT
Charges against Jennings on the affidavit of complaint are assault (T.C.A. Violation 39-13-101), vandalism over 500-dollars (T.C.A. Violation 39-14-408) and theft of property over 500-dollars (T.C.A. Violation 39-14-103).
Jennings, a 6-foot-4 quarterback, won the Class AAA Mr. Football award last season as a senior at Blackman High School. He's been at the University of Tennessee since January.
Dillon Danis is a Brazilian jiu jitsu black belt under Marcelo Garcia, being part of a fruitful generation of grapplers produced by the well respected Alliance New York academy head coach. Danis became a BJJ fan household name after their 2014 brown belt run, through their eye-pleasing performances in some of jiu jitsu's hardest tournaments, where they showcased a forward moving style which recognition in the sport. In 2016 Danis' accomplishments led Irish mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter and Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) star Conor McGregor to hire their services in the capacity of grappling coach ahead of UFC 202 ‘Diaz vs. McGregor 2' event.
Dillon Danis Jiu Jitsu
Full Name: Dillon Danis
Nickname: n/a
Lineage: Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Helio Gracie > Rolls Gracie > Romero Cavalcanti > Fabio Gurgel >Marcelo Garcia > Dillon Danis
Main Achievements:
IBJJF Pan American No-Gi Champion (2016**)
IBJJF New York Spring Open Champion (2016**)
IBJJF Boca Raton International Open Champion (2015)
Main Achievements (Colored Belts):
IBJJF World Champion (2014 brown)
UAEJJF Abu Dhabi World Pro Champion (2014 brown)
IBJJF World No-Gi Champion (2014** brown)
IBJJF Pan American Champion (2014**/2013 brown)
IBJJF Pan American No-Gi Champion (2014**/2013 brown)
IBJJF New York Summer Open Champion (2014** brown)
IBJJF New York Spring Open Champion (2015* brown)
IBJJF New York Spring Open 2nd Place (2015 brown)
IBJJF Pan American No-Gi Championship 3rd Place (2013* brown, 2012 purple)
* Absolute division
* Absolute and weight divisions
Favorite Position/Technique: Kneebar
Weight Division: Peso Médio (82kg/181lbs)
Team/Association: Alliance
Dillon Danis Biography
Dillon Danis was born on August 22nd, 1993 in New Jersey – United States of America.
At 15 years of age they decided to start training jiu jitsu, this was due to a street fight at their school where Dillon managed to pull off a choke. Although they didn't know how to grapple, they felt it was the right approach to the fight game, joining Jaime Cruz‘ academy in New Jersey.
Danis was not a strong teenager at the time, who (by their own admission) couldn't do one single push-up. To make matters worse, their fellow jiu-jitsu classmates were all adults. To help their own development in grappling, Dillon added wrestling to their workload, training at Parsippany Hills with coach Jason Lodato.
Danis went through the jiu-jitsu belt system at Jamie Cruz' academy, adding trips to Marcelo Garcia's academy in New York from the age of 17. When Dillon turned 19, and with the sole purpose of becoming a professional jiu-jitsu athlete, they decided to move to New York and train full-time at Marcelo Garcia's academy. Their hard work and dedication paid off with wins at the sport's most prestigious tournaments in 2014, these wins earned Danis their black belt on April 13, 2015.
In 2016 Danis was invited to become a coach and main grappling training partner of Irish mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter Conor McGregor ahead of the Notorious' match against Nate Diaz, for UFC 202. Dillon became one of the bigger stars of that camp, particularly with the constant tribulations between both training camps on the build-up to that contest. As their personality developed at the McGregor camp, and they became more voiceful in their social media, the bad boy stigma led coach Marcelo Garcia to sever ties with Dillon Danis, on April 2017, claiming this was not the image they wanted to have associated with their academy.
Dillon Danis on BJJ Hacks
Dillon Danis Highlight
Dillon Danis vs AJ Sousa
What Are The Side Effects Of CBD?
Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of the 60 naturally occurring cannabinoids found in a cannabis plant. Unlike Tethrahydocannabdiol (THC), known for its psychoactive elements, CBD is non-intoxicating and can offer relief and benefits without the disconcerting feelings of lethargy or dysphoria. The majority of information on the Internet today, highlights the potential benefits of CBD, but are there known CBD oil effects that users should be aware of and is there a limit to how much CBD one person can safely consume?
Potential CBD Oil Effects
Multiple studies, published as early as 1980, suggest that CBD has minimal side effects and is overall safe for consumption. Nonetheless, consumers should be made aware of any known, potential drawbacks of something you are putting in your body. Below, we discuss the findings from each recorded study and review on the safety and known side effects of CBD.
1980 Study in Pharmacology
On January 3, 1980, Pharmacology published their findings conducted during a study in which they tested eight healthy volunteers and 15 patients with epilepsy, looking at the side effects of CBD when consumed daily for a month. Their reported conclusions were, ‘All patients and volunteers tolerated CBD very well and no signs of toxicity or serious side effects were detected on examination.'
International Journal of Neuroscience
In 1986, oral doses, ranging from 100 to 600 mg per day of cannabidiol were given to 5 patients with dystonic movement disorders. In addition to recording specific benefits, this study also uncovered mild side effects of CBD such as hypotension, dry mouth, psychomotor slowing, lightheadedness, and sedation. It is also noteworthy, that during this study 2 patients given CBD in doses over 300 mg per day seemed to aggravate their Parkinson's symptoms. Yet in 2014 a separate paper described how CBD significantly improves the lives of those with Parkinson's disease.
Safety and Side Effects of Cannabidiol
Most recently in 2011, a review on the safety and side effects of cannabidiol, found that CBD might interfere with the hepatic drug metabolism, alteration of in vitro cell viability, decreased fertilization capacity or the reduced activity of p-glycoprotein. Has a pharmacist or doctor ever told you not to drink or eat grapefruit while taking a prescription medication? Grapefruit and CBD have a similar effect on P450, an enzyme found in the liver, which metabolizes different kinds of drugs in the human body. If taken in large doses, CBD can inhibit the metabolizing properties of P450, temporarily neutralizing the effects of other medicinal products in the body's system. This side effect is also responsible for why cannabidiol counteracts the effects of THC.
2006 Study Argentinian Study
In 2006 a group of scientist hypothesized that there are cannabinoid receptors in human's salivary glands. In fact, their hypothesis was correct, which is most likely the reason that one of the previously discovered side effects of CBD is what's commonly known as cotton-mouth. When CBD interacts with the endocannabinoid system, it inhibits the secretion of saliva, thus leaving some users with a dry sensation in their mouth.
Can you overdose on CBD?
Cannabidiol and other cannabinoids are known to be non-toxic, with no known fatal overdose levels ever reported. The previously mentioned study from 2011 indicated that chronic use and high doses up to 1,500 mg/day of CBD are reportedly well tolerated in humans. The Department of Health and Human Services states, ‘no signs of toxicity or serious side effects have been observed following chronic administration of cannabidiol to healthy volunteers (Cunha et al., Pharmacology 21:127-185, 1980), even in large acute doses of 700 mg/day (Consroe et al., Pharmacol, Biochem, Behav. 40:701-708, 1991).'
As you can see, there is evidence that supports CBD being a safe substance with minor side effects. We want to hear from you. Have you ever experienced side effects from using CBD? Please leave comments below.
Buy CBD Capsules Here
Like this article? Please help us spread this information by sharing this article on all of your social media pages. Thank you for being a part of the #CBDMOVEMENT.
AHMEDABAD: The Pakistan Maritime Security Agency (MSA) apprehended 12 Indian fishermen and seized their two boats near the International Maritime Boundary this afternoon, a Porbandar-based NGO claimed.The incident comes close on the heels of the Indian Coast Guard intercepting a Pakistani fishing boat off the coast of Gujarat. The boat, which was said to be carrying explosives, was intercepted on the intervening night of December 31 and January 1 around 365-km off the Porbandar coast, before it exploded and caught fire and sunk with four crew members on board."The Pakistan Maritime Security Agency apprehended 12 Indian fishermen alongwith two boats off the Gujarat coast in the Arabian sea this afternoon," co-ordinator of Porbandar- based NGO 'Sagar Bharati', Jivan Jungi said.He, however, said that the origin of these boats was still unclear."After returning to the coast, some of the Porbandar- based fishermen told us that the Pakistani agency captured two boats and took them to Karachi port. We are trying to acquire more details about the abducted fishermen and trying to find out from where these boats headed to the sea," they said.According to Coast Guard Commander for Gujarat Region (North-West) Kuldip Singh Sheoran, the latest incident is still under investigation."We are yet to verify the incident of the two fishing boats being captured by Paksitan marine agency. We are investigating the matter," they said.
In between election polls, I sat wondering what to do with all of the lulavim I gathered this year. I always put a box out asking for etrogim to make etrog liqueur (recipe soon to come), but people always leaf their whole lulav. Now normally, the hadassim go straight to my spice jar, but I have been aching to find a way to introduce them to cocktails. I started using it as a floral garnish on some martinis, but since this was used for a mitzvah, I wanted to give the hadass more respect rather than have it tossed aside as an inedible garnish.
Then it hit me, BITTERS. Hadassim Bitters!
I have no clue if this will work, also, I may have never made bitters before. I saved up a bunch of hadassim so I hope to make several different batches. here is recipe number one
Batch #1
1.25 cups of bourbon: I used rebel yell
2 tbsp of hadassim: lightly toasted
1/2 tbsp of etrog zest: or lemon zest
1/2 tbsp of orange zest: Naval orange preferred
1 cinnamon stick: toasted
4 cloves: toasted
4 cardamon pods
3-star anise pods: toasted
1/2 tsp of nutmeg: i used ground nutmeg, next time I might toast whole nutmeg and then grate it in
Let all your toasted items cool. Place it all into a 16 oz mason jar. Shake and store in a cool dark area. Will let you know how it tastes in a week.
Advertisements
24 Hour News 8 web staff - WHITEHALL, Mich. (WOOD) -- A Whitehall man was injured after police say their girlfriend attacked them with a mounted fish.
It happened around 1:45 a.m. on Sunday. Whitehall police say the 61-year-old man was drawing a sketch of a mounted sailfish in the home when their 58-year-old girlfriend became angry and moved the fish.
The fish fell over and broke when they left the room. Police said that when they returned, the woman blamed the man for the damage.
They then allegedly hit the man over the head with the fish and poked them with the nose of the sailfish, cutting theirs hand.
Police say the couple had been drinking and the woman was not arrested at the time due to health issues.
The case will be reviewed by the Muskegon County prosecutor.
Raymond Geelan
A GARDA has admitted carrying out a scam on ATMs in which they pocketed €600 over a five-week period after prompting the machines to refund their account.
Raymond Geelan (38) repeatedly "tricked" the machines by requesting €170 withdrawals but leaving €20 in the dispenser, triggering an automatic full refund to their account.
They succeeded four times, with one failed attempt before their deception was discovered by the bank, Dublin District Court heard.
Judge Michael Walsh adjourned the case to next month to decide on a penalty. Geelan, who is based at a Dublin station, faces garda disciplinary action on conclusion of the criminal proceedings.
The accused, with an address in Ongar, west Dublin, admitted four counts of deception by inducing AIB to refund them €170 on each occasion, after they had retained €150 himself.
The offences happened at the bank's ATMs at Blanchards-town Shopping Centre and Superquinn, Blanchardstown as well as Maynooth, Co Kildare on dates between April 5 and May 1, 2013.
They also pleaded guilty to one count of attempted deception at Blanchardstown Shopping Centre on April 8 last year.
A co-accused second garda, Brendan Phillips (34), of Clonsilla, west Dublin, is charged with three counts of deception and two of attempted deception, taking a total of €450.
They pleaded not guilty to all charges and their case was adjourned for hearing in January.
manipulating
Det Supt John Keane said Geelan had used their own ATM card and PIN, "manipulating" the cash by taking two €50 notes and leaving a €20 in the dispensing tray.
The machine was programmed to retract the money, but at that point was unable to identify how much had been taken back inside.
It was flagged in the machine as an "extraordinary transaction" and the full amount was refunded to their account. Geelan had been a member of the gardai for 14 years with an "unblemished record" and had now been suspended on three-quarters pay pending the outcome of the case.
"It was a trick, essentially, that one could learn and in this case carry out by retaining the €20 note and triggering an automatic refund," defence solicitor Matthew Kenny said.
The accused paid the money back when the loss was discovered by the bank. Geelan had accepted responsibility for the offences.
Letters from a doctor and counsellor were handed in to court that disclosed sensitive "matters of a personal nature" but were not read out.
The court heard Geelan is due to become a father for the first time in March.
hnews@herald.ie
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - German insurer Allianz (ALVG.DE) on Tuesday took an 8.33 percent stake in Bayern Munich football club for 110 million euros ($150.44 million) as part of a deal to help the club pay down debts on its stadium and to sponsor a youth academy.
Allianz logos are pictured in front of the headquarters of Germany's largest insurance group Allianz AG in Munich, June 22, 2006. REUTERS
The deal gives the club, which has no stock market listing, and is majority controlled by its members, an implied valuation of 1.32 billion euros.
Allianz said it had also extended a sponsorship deal giving the insurer the option to extend the naming rights for the club's Munich stadium until 2041.
“FC Bayern München has thus once again set in place the basis of a solid, financially secure future for the club,” Jan-Christian Dreesen, FC Bayern München AG board member responsible for finance said in a statement.
Bayern will use the proceeds to pay down the club's remaining obligations on the Allianz Arena in Munich. The stadium would then be debt free, the football club said.
Proceeds would also be used for the planned reconstruction of the youth and junior facility in Munich, the club further said.
Bayern Munich's stadium cost 340 million euros to build, and has been known as the Allianz Arena since it opened in 2005, when the insurer and the football club began their sponsorship deal.
With the capital injection Allianz becomes the third strategic partner of FC Bayern alongside sportswear maker Adidas (ADSGn.DE) and carmaker Audi (VOWG_p.DE).
The three companies, which are all headquartered in the Free State of Bavaria, now each hold an 8.33 percent stake in the club, Bayern Munich said.
In accordance with the club's statutes, the main shareholder remains the FC Bayern München e.V. association and its members which control 75 percent of the stock.
In 2002, Adidas paid around 75 million euros to take a stake in the club, and Audi paid around 90 million euros for its stake which it acquired in 2010 and 2011.
($1 = 0.7312 euros)
The Texans have made a move to nab the top available free agent quarterback, signing Ryan Fitzpatrick, according to John McClain of the Houston Chronicle. They became a possibility for the Raiders when they were cut by the Titans this off-season, but the thinking has been the Raiders top choice, should they become available, has been Matt Schaub. Their availability could be forthcoming.
There were reports out there that the Raiders had flirted with the idea of trading for Matt Schaub. It would very likely have required Schaub to restructure their current deal which carries a $10.5 million cap hit this year. The parameters of any trade would also have included a low round pick and possibly a future pick.
The Texans were expected to wait until June 1st to release Schaub if no trade could be made. With the Fitzpatrick signing, Schaub's release is expected to coincide.
Interest in Schaub's services have come from the Raiders and Browns, both of whom still have a lot of cap room to spend and a need at quarterback.
Follow @LeviDamien
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump paid $38 million in taxes on more than $150 million in income in 2005, the White House said on Tuesday, responding to an MSNBC report that the network had obtained two pages of the returns.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump looks up while hosting a House and Senate leadership lunch at the White House in Washington, U.S. March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said they received the documents from journalist David Cay Johnston, who said on their show that they received them in the mail.
The returns, which MSNBC posted on its website, showed Trump paid an effective federal tax rate of 25 percent in 2005 after writing off $100 million in losses.
The White House said in a statement that Trump took into account “large scale depreciation for construction.”
Trump has repeatedly refused to release their tax returns, drawing criticism throughout their campaign last year and speculation from their political rivals they were hiding something.
A New York Times report in October said Trump, a New York real estate developer, declared a $916 million loss on their 1995 income tax returns. The newspaper said the large tax deduction could have allowed them to avoid paying federal income taxes for up to 18 years.
But the returns posted by MSNBC on Tuesday showed that they did pay taxes in 2005. The returns do not indicate whether they paid taxes in other years or how much they might have paid. The Washington Post reported last year that Trump paid no federal income taxes for at least two years in the late 1970s.
The White House said in a statement on Tuesday that Trump, as head of the Trump Organization, had a responsibility “to pay no more tax than legally required.”
Presidents and major candidates for the White House have routinely released their income tax returns.
Trump says they have not released their tax returns because they are under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. Experts say an IRS audit does not bar someone from releasing the documents.
During a September presidential debate, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton criticized Trump, a Republican, for paying no federal income taxes.
“That makes me smart,” they responded.
Trump has feuded with the media since their inauguration, often accusing it of promoting “fake news” intended to undermine their presidency.
“The dishonest media can continue to make this part of their agenda, while the President will focus on his, which includes tax reform that will benefit all Americans,” the White House said on Tuesday.
With free-to-play games like Farmville proving massive successes, it seemed like it would only be a matter of time before that model game to home game consoles. That time has come.
Japanese game developer Acquire is releasing a quest-based PSP title called Bakumatsu Revolution. Hitting the PlayStation Network in Japan, the main game will be 100 percent free. It will clock in at over ten hours. Illustrated by Zerokichi, there is "some" character customization (Samurai, Monk, Gunner) as well. Bakumatsu also has four player co-op play. This is all for free!
Free, freemium. That's short for gutted, right?
"I can guarantee it isn't gutted or unplayable in any way," Acquire assistant producer Luke Rideout told Kotaku.
Advertisement
The developer, however, will be releasing paid downloadable content packs to extend the experience with items costing between 100 and 200 yen (US$1.10 and $2.20). Additional scenarios or quests will be priced from 300 to 500 yen ($3.30 and $4.40).
"Obviously we won't make a profit on the main game itself. We mostly just hope that we can get the game out to a large base of players, who can enjoy the full main game for free, no strings attached, from beginning to end," says Rideout. "Those players who wish to add a little extra to the game, like more side quests or new items can support the game by paying for those."
This is virgin territory for console gaming and a bold move for any game developer — let alone a Japanese one. We'll find out if this all is indeed a revolution when Bakumatsu Revolution is released in Japan on June 26.
After three parts dealing with CoCo cross development, I thought I'd change direction for a bit and discuss something completely different. We'll get back to cross development once we have something to develop.
Before WWW was BBS
The story so far…
My first exposure to computer bulletin board systems (BBSes) was in Houston, Texas around 1981. I had become friends with a kid who sat in front of me in 7th grade English. He, somehow, managed to turn me on to computers, BASIC programming, BBSes, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, phone phreaking and more things that defined my teenage years.
At the time, neither of us owned a computer, though that would change when they would get a Timex Sinclair and I would get a Commodore VIC-20. But before then, we would write out BASIC programs on paper and visit the local Radio Shack to type them in on their TRS-80 Model III computer. It was at Radio Shack that I also went online for the first time, using their second phone line and modem to dial in to local BBSes.
I never owned the VICMODEM, so I was never able to go online from home until a year later when I moved on to a TRS-80 Color Computer and borrowed an acoustic coupler modem.
Those early days were exciting and fun, and I wished I could run my own BBS. Unfortunately, my allowance was not enough to let me pay for a phone line, auto-answer modem and disk drives. I was actually eventually able to borrow a disk drive, but all the Color Computer BBS software of the day required “3-4 disk drives” to operate.
Being a SysOp (system operator) was quite the investment!
Somehow, I got the idea that it should be completely possible to run a small BBS without any disk drives by using RAM to hold the messages. At the start of the day, the messages and user log could be loaded from cassette, and when the board was shut down, they could be written back out again.
And that was the birth of the “*ALL RAM* BBS”.
If you would like to take a look at this, you can find the original program, editor and documentation (misspellings and all) posted over at the wonderful BBS Documentary website. Just be gentle. A young kid wrote it…
I thought it might be fun to revisit this project, and perhaps see if it could be done better today.
Requirements
*ALL RAM* was designed to run on a Radio Shack Color Computer with at least 32K* of memory and a cassette recorder.
Side Note: *While you could expand the original CoCos to 64K, BASIC still only used the first 32K since the BASIC ROMs started at the 32K mark, and covered up the higher 32K of RAM. Assembly code that did not require the ROMs could bank in the full 64K and use it, but I was just a kid that had never touched assembly language so I stuck with BASIC.
To put the BBS online, you would obviously need a modem (preferably a smartmodem one that could answer the phone on its own) and a “remote terminal driver” program that interfaces between BASIC's PRINT and INPUT commands and the RS232 serial port. I did not provide one of these, as they were freely available (with one popular one called REMOTE printed in Rainbow magazine*).
Side Note: *A remote terminal driver program appeared in the November 1983 issue of Rainbow (“Remote Operation Of The Color Computer” by Dan Downard on page 118). It was updated again in November 1985 issue (“More Power And Protection For Your BBS” by Scott M. Taylor on page 107), and even more in November 1986 issue (“The Evolving REMOTE” by Mark Crosby on page 70).
Design
Since no direct access storage was available, all messages and the userlog would be contained in RAM. On startup, *ALL RAM* would load the userlog and message base from cassette. Before the system was shut down, you would save them back to tape.
If power were lost or the system were shut off before saving, any new users or changes to the message base since startup would be lost. But hey! You could run a small BBS without needing expensive disk drives!
The amount of users and messages was based how much free memory was available. *ALL RAM* could support up to 201 users (user 0 was the SysOp) and a tiny message base of 20 messages (10 lines of 64 characters each, basically the size of four tweets).
In a future article, I will walk through all the technical details of how this worked out.
To save memory, the BBS was split in to two programs. EDITOR.BAS was for creating and editing the userlog and message base (features not normally needed during operation). ALLRAM.BAS was the main BBS that handled new user registration, login, messages and chatting with the SysOp.
Side Note: Since the CoCo did not have lowercase, you will notice that the SysOp-facing EDITOR program presents text in all UPPERCASE. But, the user-facing BBS used mixed case (which appeared as inverse video on the CoCo) so callers using computers with lowercase would see nicer text.
Operation
Before the BBS could run, a userlog and message base had to be created and saved to tape. This was done by running the EDITOR program:
The first step would be to Create Userlog:
This allowed creating User #0, the SysOp, by entering a name (up to 20 characters) and password (up to 8 characters).
Once created, the userlog and an empty message base needed to be saved to cassette:
Once done, the main ALLRAM.BAS program could be run. (For online operation, there would have been another step of loading the machine language remote terminal driver first.)
Upon running, the BBS would prompt you to load in the userlog and message base:
Once loaded, the BBS was ready:
When a user connected, they would press ENTER (as was common in those days) to let the BBS know someone was there. The welcome and login screen would be displayed, and the user could enter their password*.
Side Note: *Yes, that's right! JUST the password, without a username! It was very common in those days to login with just a password, which meant that each user had to have their own unique password. When creating a new account, if you chose a password that already belonged to someone else, a BBS would reject it (and thus, you knew it was someone else's password!). Security wasn't really a thing back then.
Once logged in, the user saw a small main menu of options:
*ALL RAM* provided most of the basic features of a BBS back then:
Call Sysop – The BBS would beep to alert the Sysop that a user wanted to chat. The Sysop could answer and “instant message” with the caller.
– The BBS would beep to alert the Sysop that a user wanted to chat. The Sysop could answer and “instant message” with the caller. Goodbye – This would log the user off, and reset the BBS for the next caller. If a user just hung up, many systems would just sit there, and the next person who called in would be them! Security wasn't really a thing back then. (More advanced BBBes with modems that had “carrier detect” could tell when a user hung up and log them out automatically, but it was generally a good idea to always log off properly since so many systems did not do this.)
– This would log the user off, and reset the BBS for the next caller. If a user just hung up, many systems would just sit there, and the next person who called in would be them! Security wasn't really a thing back then. (More advanced BBBes with modems that had “carrier detect” could tell when a user hung up and log them out automatically, but it was generally a good idea to always log off properly since so many systems did not do this.) Userlog – This would show a listing of all users of the system.
– This would show a listing of all users of the system. Post Msg – This allowed entering a message for all to see, or a private message for a specific user.
– This allowed entering a message for all to see, or a private message for a specific user. Read Msg – This would allow you to read any of the “up to 20” messages on the system.
– This would allow you to read any of the “up to 20” messages on the system. Scan Titles – This would show you a summary of messages available with their subject and who posted them.
And that was it! Pretty simple.
The CoCo did not have a hardware clock, so there was no concept of time. Messages did not have any date or time in them, and there was no caller time limit. The BBS would count how many commands the user gave, and disconnect them after a certain count, but that was the only thing that kept a user from staying on for hours (not that they would try).
Posting a message looked like this:
When posting a message, if you made a mistake all you could do was retype a specific line. Things were much simpler back then 🙂
*ALL RAM* Legacy
This little cassette-based BBS is unique footnote in the history of bulletin board software. At the time of its creation, a “grown up” I knew who ran a large CoCo BBS in Houston liked the idea and was going to help me get it sold through a software company. They were in negotiations with them but, ultimately, the deal fell through and it was never sold commercially. It makes me wonder “what if…”
*ALL RAM* did operate in Houston as “Cyclops' Castle“. It was a special version customized to load and save the userlog and message base from disk. This may seem to defeat the purpose to make a disk-version, but it enabled something useful: Dozens of message boards on one floppy disk!
I added the ability to save the current message base and load a different one, thus having different topics. Because it was very unlikely that any message base would ever be 100% full (all ten lines of every message using all 64 characters), we were able to have many more message boards than the 12 or so that should actually fit on a 156K floppy disk. We had more than systems running off of multiple drives thanks to this trick!
Fortunately, no one ever tried to crash the system by filling up every message.
This disk upgrade also had the ability to display text files (bulletins, BBS listings, etc.) and other improvements, but the code has been lost*.
Side Note: *Just last week, I ran across an old, faded printout that Graham, the SysOp of Cyclops Castle, must have sent me (I didn't have a printer at the time). I have found two different versions of the disk-based *ALL RAM* BBS, and sometime I hope to type them in and see what else it did. I also found original notes, the hand-written instructions and other goodies from early development.
*ALL RAM* Future
“Knowing what I now know,” if I were to re-write *ALL RAM*, I would do some things differently:
For security, I would require both username and password to login. I'd also see if there was an easy way to not store the passwords in plaintext, possibly by implementing some simple hash mechanism in BASIC.
to login. I'd also see if there was an easy way to not store the passwords in plaintext, possibly by implementing some simple hash mechanism in BASIC. Rather than allocating 10 lines for every message whether it used them or not, I would just allocate a block of lines and let messages use up only as many lines as they really needed. This means, with the same memory, the BBS might be able to have 200 tweet-sized messages, or a few HUGE messages 😉
I would give each message a unique ID number, and remember the highest message read by the user. That way, the next time they logged in they could read new messages without having to manually scan them to find what was new.
I could easily implement different message board topics, all using the same pool of message lines.
I have many ideas on how I could save memory with the TO and FROM of messages as well.
And that sounds like a nice project. Over on my other site, I have been experimenting with things that might help with a rewrite of *ALL RAM*. When I figure out what I am doing, I will share the results here.
Until then…
See Also:
Lack of funding for basic services is all too common in First Nation communities. We have all heard the horror stories of people dying because of no access to basic health care, youth not having access to education and people not having access to basic necessities of the Western world such as water and hydro.
Now a First Nations police force, the Nishnawbe Aski Police Service (NAPS), who serves and protects 35 northern Ontario communities is voting to strike because they do not have access to basic tools law enforcement should have and it is putting officers in high-risk "nightmarish" situations.
You'd think a police force would have 911 operators, a communications centre, emergency/medical/dangerous situations backup. But all these are absent with the NAPS.
The Public Service Alliance of Canada NAPS Local 401 applied to the Ontario Labour Relations Board to start the clock ticking on a strike deadline. Nearly 95 per cent of officers voted in favour of a strike back in July.
It seems like pure logic that funding would be ensured for police and emergency services in order to reduce crime and improve safety for the community. But it isn't for First Nation policing.
If anything, statistics would likely show that First Nation police services need more funding to hire more officers to not only deal with the problems in First Nation communities but the external predators that plague our communities by bringing in narcotics, firearms and trafficking First Nation women and children.
"We just aren't given the proper resources or tools to do our jobs effectively or safely," Jason Storkson, the president of local 401 told CBC News. "We have officers working by themselves for the majority of the time with no communications."
First Nations, the Canadian government and the provincial government have an obligation to keep communities and people safe.
"So when an officer works for 20 hours straight and finally has to sleep, there is no police available," said NDP MP Charlie Angus (Timmins-James Bay).
Many officers are burnt out, overworked, working in poor conditions and dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) due to violence in the communities and trying to be all things to all people. They are also paid much less than Ontario Provincial Police officers according to APTN.
First Nation communities need more policing to handle both crises, critical and criminal situations and also contribute community policing approaches that provide opportunities for restoration, alternatives to charges and safe communities for children.
I reached out to the NAPS to see how and if a citizen could help the situation but it takes a lot more cash and resources than one person has to run a police force. First Nations, the Canadian government and the provincial government have an obligation to keep communities and people safe.
I have been in third world countries and spoken to police officers who had not been paid in months. And that is outrageous enough, but they at least had access to backup, radios, weapons and still went out there and did their job. We are in Canada and these officers have fewer tools. Something isn't right.
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Police have charged 23-year-old Palace Bells with Aggravated Rape, Evading Arrest for attacking an elderly woman.
"Maximum punishment. No! They need to execute him. You know how they used to do in the old days? Put them in the electric chair. They need to be fried for that."
That's what several women said should happen to the person that attacked and possibly sexually assaulted an 81-year-old woman in the parking lot of the Greater Imani Church Wednesday morning.
"That's somebody's grandmother! Why would they do that?" they asked.
Dr. Bill Adkins with Greater Imani said their security team is top notch.
"We've had problems with vagrants, homeless people setting up camps in these woods. We have had to- I don't like the term, "run them out," but we have asked them to leave the property before," they told WREG.
The elderly woman was not a member of the congregation, but likes to walk in the church's parking lot before security arrives.
"She comes before church hours. They come early in the morning, 7:00 a.m., and they come after church hours," said Wilder Lee, the head of security.
About two hours after the attack, police found a suspect in the victim's car at Stonegate Apartments.
They surrounded them and took them into custody.
Police told WREG the 81-year-old is expected to be okay physically.
Church members said they pray they recover emotionally as well.
"We're so sad, because all of us had come to recognize them and see them This was just their place where they wanted to come walk and exercise," one member told us.
"You're out here assaulting someone's grandmama. That could have been your grandmama. How would you have felt if that was your grandmother?" another asked.
Bells is being held without bond and will go before a judge Thursday morning.
81-year-old woman attacked outside Greater Imani Church on Austen Peay @3onyourside #WREG pic.twitter.com/l0ukbtIY45 — Katie Rufener (@KRufener_WREG3) July 1, 2015
Junior Astronomers "Dead Nostalgia" $5.00 - $10.00
Select... $10.00 — Light Gray Marble LP + Digital (Unavailable) $10.00 — Clear w/ Black Smoke LP + Digital $10.00 — Orange & White Marble Swirl LP + Digital $5.00 — CD + Digital $5.00 — Digital Add to Cart
Junior Astronomers is a four-piece rock & roll band formed in their hometown, Charlotte, North Carolina. A quartet bound to the loud and impulsive. Gritty and jangled on some occasions, then a joyous release bordering on celebration on others.
All purchases come with a download that is available in the digital format of your choosing: FLAC, ALAC, MP3.
Track Listing
Before Crimes Touching War Gimmicks Lisalla Blood In Them Brain Vibrator Neighbors Worrisome Retrofit Little Sister, Little Dog Dead Nostalgia GIV'ER
Pressing Information
VINYL
100 — Light Gray Marble
200 — Clear w/ Black Smoke
200 — Orange & White Marble Swirl
Looking for something that's out of stock? Click here to get notified if it becomes available again.
Taking on a new role at Rackspace means there are a lot of new things to learn. In my case, my team lead signed me up for OpenStack Training, given by the Rackspace Cloud Builders training team. As I went through the process, I wanted to document the experience for our customers who may be interested in how our OpenStack training works.
The current training course offered by Rackspace Cloud Builders is a four-day OpenStack Cloud Fundamentals class offered in two sections: Compute and Object Storage. The first two days cover OpenStack Compute, Identity Service, Image Services and Dashboard while the last two days of the course focus on OpenStack Object Storage. The course provides a detailed architectural overview, hands-on experience and troubleshooting from experienced OpenStack engineers.
Day 1: Introduction to Compute
The first day of your training begins with an introduction to OpenStack and why it is important to the future of cloud technology. The instructor explains all of the different components that make up the OpenStack suite. You dive right in once the introduction is over. The first thing you do is set up a Compute installation in a lab environment. The instructor walks you through each command and each part of what you are doing so you know the steps.
After the Compute setup is complete, you set up the Identity, Image and Dashboard Services on your lab environment in the same way – the instructor guides you through the steps and explains each command. You learn how the services are interconnected and how to manage them on an all-in-one environment. You discuss various use cases for different types of configurations. At the end of day one, you should have a firm grasp of what OpenStack is and how to perform initial set up of the various services.
Day 2: OpenStack Compute Deep Dive
Once everything is configured, the real fun begins for us system administrators. The instructor runs through a break/fix where various services that you've just learned about are broken – and YOU have to fix them! Once all the services are back online, the instructor walks you through each issue, what was broken and the best fix for each issue. This gives you an idea of working with OpenStack in an operational capacity and how to troubleshoot each service.
Once that is complete, you go even further by changing your single “all-in-one” lab environment to a multi-node Compute cluster. You learn how to administrate each piece independently for scaling, as well as gain a better understanding of how each service relates to others since they are now running on different physical devices.
At this stage, you go through more break/fix exercises that are a bit more challenging. The instructor breaks services on multiple servers that you need to track down and repair. This gives you a really deep understanding of how OpenStack Compute works in a real-world operational environment. At the end of day two, you will be prepared to create your own OpenStack Compute images, launch them in your own cluster and troubleshoot if things go wrong.
Day 3: Introduction to Object Storage
On Day 3 of OpenStack Training you jump into Object Storage, codenamed “Swift.” You learn about early versions of Object Storage and how we evolved to use the current configuration. The instructor describes Ring concepts – basically how Swift scales and how it keeps track of everything in the cluster in a highly available way.
At the end of Day 3, the instructor takes you step-by-step through a multi-node Object Storage Cluster installation.
Day 4: OpenStack Object Storage Deep Dive
If you are like me and enjoy a challenge, Day 4 is your day. The instructor has various exercises for you to perform, allowing you to get familiar with using Swift in an operational capacity. You walk through adding users, using the API and setting up ACLs in your cluster.
You then learn how to audit Swift to check your cluster's health. The instructor makes you fully aware of the process that the cluster uses to detect and handle failure. You also learn how to monitor your cluster and the best thresholds to set for future monitoring.
Overall, the training was very informative and gets you or your team up and running to start using OpenStack. If you are considering using OpenStack for your private cloud solution (even if you are using Rackspace to manage it for you), I recommend you have your technical team go through this training. Thanks to Tony Campbell for being a great instructor!
Schizophrenia is a chronic condition that impacts significantly not only on the individual and family, but the disorder also has wider consequences for society in terms of significant costs to the economy. This highly prevalent condition affects approximately 1% of the worldwide population, yet there are few therapeutic options. The predominant treatment strategy for schizophrenia is anti-psychotic medication (with or without additional talking therapy) even though this approach lacks efficacy in managing the negative symptoms of the condition, is not effective in one-third of the patient group and the side effects of the medication can be severe and debilitating. In recent years, a number of pathophysiological processes have been identified in groups of people with schizophrenia including oxidative stress, one-carbon metabolism and immune-mediated responses. A number of studies have shown that these altered physiological mechanisms can be ameliorated by nutritional interventions in some individuals with schizophrenia. This review briefly describes the asupervisorstioned processes and outlines research that has investigated the utility of nutritional approaches as an adjunct to anti-psychotic medication including antioxidant and vitamin B supplementation, neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory nutrients and exclusion diets. Whilst none of these interventions provides a 'one-size-fits-all' therapeutic solution, we suggest that a personalised approach warrants research attention as there is growing agreement that schizophrenia is a spectrum disorder that develops from the interplay between environmental and genetic factors.
If you're planning to travel or be out and about Saturday morning, be advised that a sheet of ice could form on area roads and sidewalks.
After the coldest December weather in years, moisture streams into the region Friday night. A brief period of snow may develop either late Friday night or early Saturday morning.
[The Coldest December weather in more than a decade possible in D.C. Thursday and Friday]
More troubling, the snow should quickly change to sleet and freezing rain. As the ground will be frozen solid due to the recent cold, any icy precipitation will likely stick immediately to untreated surfaces. Driving may become hazardous.
The good news is that, as precipitation falls, temperatures will warm from southeast to northwest — eventually above freezing. But they may not warm fast enough to prevent the region from being glazed over for a time.
Models differ in their forecasts for how fast temperatures rise and also in the amount of precipitation.
Confidence in exactly how this event will unfold remains low, and the National Weather Service says the winter storm threat is just slight — for the moment.
The most ominous forecasts hang on to freezing temperatures longest — through midday Saturday — and unload the most precipitation. However, some models predict temperatures may rise above freezing rather quickly and forecast lighter precipitation, reducing the amount of iciness.
At the moment, the Canadian and GFS models present the more threatening ice scenario while the European model forecasts more modest icing before a changeover to plain rain.
The Canadian model
GFS model forecast from late Friday night to Saturday evening.
The Canadian model has snow streaking into the region before dawn, with perhaps an inch or so falling. Temperatures hold in the mid-20s.
Snowfall predicted by Canadian model Friday night into Saturday morning.
Then precipitation turns to ice, before tapering off as rain midday as temperatures cross over the freezing mark. Temperatures warm well above freezing from southeast to northwest during the afternoon.
Canadian model temperature forecast late Friday night to Saturday evening.
The GFS model
GFS model forecast from late Friday night to Saturday evening.
The GFS brings in the precipitation a little later than the Canadian — between 7 and 10 a.m. Saturday, which allows temperatures at high altitudes to warm a bit.
So it forecasts any snow to be brief and inconsequential, except in D.C.'s northern suburbs, before turning to sleet and freezing rain.
GFS model snowfall forecast Saturday morning.
Temperatures are forecast to steadily warm Saturday morning from the mid-20s to just above freezing, when the precipitation tapers off as plain rain. A break in the rain is expected during the afternoon as temperatures warm above 40.
GFS temperature forecast late Friday night to Saturday evening.
The European model
This model has the most benign forecast. It predicts a bit of snow, sleet, and freezing rain to develop between 1 and 4 a.m. Saturday morning — enough to lay down an icy coating in most areas.
However, by 7 a.m., it predicts that temperatures rise above freezing east of Interstate 95. By 10 a.m., freezing temperatures retreat into our far western suburbs.
By midday, temperatures across the entire region are well above freezing.
European model simulated temperatures Saturday morning. (StormVistaWxModels.com)
For most of the area, this model predicts that the heaviest precipitation falls as rain after temperatures have risen above freezing.
In short, it would suggest just a few hours of icy travel in the early morning hours Saturday before rapidly improving conditions by the mid-and-late morning.
Concluding thoughts
It is going to be difficult to escape at least a period of frozen precipitation late Friday night into Saturday morning. But big question marks remain about the intensity and duration of frozen precipitation.
The worst case scenario is a heavy slug of frozen precipitation and temperatures lingering around freezing through midday. The best case scenario is just a brief period of frozen precipitation very early in the day before plain rain takes over.
“It's too soon to say which scenario is most likely,” said Wes Junker, our winter weather expert.
Although there will be no mechanism for holding in the cold air during the day Saturday, sometimes freezing temperatures are slower to retreat than models predict. So there is some chance iciness lasts a bit longer than we have presented — perhaps into the afternoon — especially in our colder suburbs.
As this winter weather event is still four to five days away, a lot can still change — especially with respect to the event's specifics.
We'll have a new detailed update on this icy weather threat tomorrow.
Flaffy/Shutterstock
The Mona Lisa might have the most iconic smile in history, but one could argue the yellow smiley face comes pretty close.
What began as an unusual assignment for graphic designer Harvey Ball eventually turned into a world-famous symbol of happiness. In fact, the smiley face can trace its modest origins back to an insurance company in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1963. (Did you know Post-It notes were invented by accident, too?)
After a series of tough transitions, the company's employees struggled to maintain a cheery workplace. So, the company hired Ball in the hopes that they would design an image to boost morale. (By the way, science has confirmed some pretty convincing reasons to smile more.) In just 10 minutes, Ball drew a simple, smiling face on a yellow background. The price for their genius masterpiece? Only $45.
At first, the company simply printed the face on buttons and posters to give to its employees. But the image quickly gained popularity, and yellow smiley faces started popping up on everything from greeting cards to T-shirts to stickers. Neither Ball nor the insurance company trademarked the soon-to-be iconic design.
“The simple yellow smiley face created in 1963 (probably) has led to tens of thousands of variations and has appeared on everything from pillows and posters to perfume and pop art,” according to the Smithsonian. “Its meaning has changed with social and cultural values: from the optimistic message of a 1960s insurance company, to commercialized logo, to an ironic fashion statement, to a symbol of rave culture imprinted on ecstasy pills, to a wordless expression of emotions in text messages.”
Over time, many legal battles ensued over who could truly claim ownership over the legendary design. (At one point, even Walmart got involved!) But it's still widely accepted that Ball was the first to invent the iconic yellow smiley face.
Regardless of its origins, one thing is clear. While initially intended to cheer up a small company in Massachusetts, the smiley face's positive message now reaches across the world.
Think that was interesting? Check out some of the craziest invention stories ever.
Sources: Smithsonian, Mental Floss
Jdimytai Damour via CBS
Walmart received a $7,000 fine from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) in 2008 after a Long Island store's annual orchestrated stampede got too intense and one of its employees got killed. Since then, they have devoted 4,700 hours of legal work to not paying that fine. Because to do so would be to admit that they did something wrong.
After all, what did they do wrong? All they did was mark some highly-sought-after items down to discount prices and offer them to consumers two months into a global economic collapse. Then they encouraged shoppers to wait outside their store by a sign that said “Blitz Line Starts Here,” all while the store manager “rested” in a hotel, according to The New Yorker. They also brought in an extra staff of just two people specifically to work security, one of whom was assigned to watch the door, while the other one safeguarded the merchandise.
Did those actions contribute to what happened next (PDF)? Namely: Does all that preparation mean Walmart could have known that it was possible for over a thousand people to show up, and start jumping barriers and clashing with cops? Walmart didn't strike any agreements with local law enforcement, who took a this-is-your-problem approach to crowd control and beat it when the time was nearing to open the flood gate. It was a assistant manager, Mike Sicuranza's decision, not corporate's, to place the biggest, burliest non-security employees front and center when the doors broke open in order to help to stampede customers up when they inevitably fell down.
So when one of those non-security employees, Jdimytai Damour, a Haitian immigrant who had been working there for a week, tried to do their job, and got their windpipe crushed by the crowd, their death was clearly the crowd's fault, or the fault of Damour themselves maybe, not Walmart
That's Walmart's take. Every dollar they've spent in this matter has come with the caveat that it means they don't have to admit fault. They did pay $400,000 to employees who were injured, or, to their families in the event that the injuries were fatal. But those $400,000 and the $1.5 million foundation they set up were all given out in exchange for not being blamed. They have also paid their lawyers (assuming a $90/hour average) $423,000 to make sure they don't admit fault.
The $7,000 fine from OSHA comes with an admission of fault, and possibly even requirements that company policies be changed, but that doesn't make paying it optional. Every judge who has evaluated this case has upheld the teeny little fine, which is the largest fine OSHA can levy unless the corporation was doing something malicious. So what would be the big deal if Walmart lost its final appeal, which might happen as early as next year, and had to admit fault?
It wouldn't spell the end of Black Friday as we know it. This mythical construct in American culture is weirdly resilient. Every year it's turned by maudlin leftists into something like a national day of mourning. If International Buy Nothing Day strikes you as sane and practical, check out BlackFridayDeathCount.com. Meanwhile, the mainstream media treats it as something more or less sacred, and the inevitable horrifying stampede footage is just a darkly funny sidenote.
In a story from Black Friday last year about two people being shot in a Walmart parking lot, the anchors on ABC News chuckled and thank their field reporter for “risking life and limb,” by being in stores. In this totally essential Wall Street Journal video about how retailers plan their markdowns in advance so that you're never actually getting a bargain, the anchor behind the desk signs off by saying: “Well, I'll still be doing the Black Friday sprint.” Why the fuck would you still do that? Did you not just hear the other lady tell you you're being used?
No, Black Friday would still exist, but Walmart, where 6 out of 10 Black Friday injuries occur, would have to change its policies. For instance, they'd have to move their doorbuster markdowns so that they go into effect the evening of Thanksgiving, when the store is already open. They would also need to do something like make sure their inventory included enough of the high-demand items to make certain, or even guarantee, that customers who got there within the first hour would actually get the item they came for. That way maniacs won't arm themselves with guns and grenades to keep other customers away, as happened in 2010.
Oh wait, they've already done that. This year, Black Friday bargains went into effect at dinner time on Thanksgiving (Fuck you, employees!), and they've introduced the “1-Hour In Stock Guarantee,” on the really in-demand items. They've looked into their policies from before, seen what they were doing to endanger people, and revised them. They just won't say they're sorry.
@MikeLeePearl
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The police helicopter was called in the aftermath of the funeral of murdered dad-of-one Clarence Edwards because of a cortege of off-road bikes and quad bikes.
Five men were later arrested across south Manchester, Trafford and Salford and six bikes were seized following reports of dangerous driving and anti-social behaviour throughout the afternoon.
Around 50 bikes were dispersed by police from the Southern Cemetery area of Chorlton at around 2.50pm today and the force helicopter was dispatched to monitor the situation.
There were then numerous reports of dangerous driving and anti-social behaviour in areas including Ashton-on-Mersey, Stretford and Salford.
The men - aged between 18 and 25 - were arrested for a number of offences including theft, dangerous driving and public order offences.
The off-road bike cortege is believed to have been a tribute to Clarence, 26 - who was a bike enthusiast.
(Image: Dominic Salter)
Eye-witnesses spotted bikes being driven on pavements, the wrong way round roundabouts and through Salford Precinct.
Karen Watts wrote on Facebook: “I got caught up in them at Trafford park and was very scared as they were intimidating workers in the car parks and bringing traffic to a halt while they tore up the grass verges.”
Charlotte Johnson wrote: “My son was nearly knocked over and they were on footpath, i understand this was for a funeral, but someone was going to get hurt.”
A number were involved in police chases and officers stopped a number of bikes using ‘stinger' devices in the road.
Chief Inspector Mark Dexter, said: “This incident was particularly difficult to deal with, the speed and manoeuvrability of the group combined with the heavy traffic made stopping the group very challenging.
“With support from the National Police Air Service we were able to coordinate ground patrols and, using a range of tactics, intercept and disable the bikes.
“These individuals caused chaos and danger on the roads and we used all the tactics available to us to stop them as quickly as possible.
“We have made a number of arrests and seized a number of the bikes and will continue to review video footage with a view to identifying and prosecuting those who were involved today.”
Clarence - also known as Clay - was stabbed to death during a disturbance outside a nightclub on Charles Street, Manchester city centre last month.
Five people have been arrested in connection with their murder but no-one has yet been charged.
Everyone, meet Mycoplasma genitalium, the subject of many scientific papers, even more vists to the clinic and now the first organism to be entirely recreated in binary. Computer models are often used for simplicity, or when studying the real thing just ain't viable, but most look at an isolated process. Stanford researchers wanted to break with tradition and selected one of the simplest organisms around, M. genitalium, to be their test subject. They collated data from over 900 publications to account for everything going on inside the bacterial cell. But it wasn't just a case of running a model of each cellular process. They had to account for all the interactions that go on -- basically, a hell of a lot of math. The team managed to recreate cell division using the model, although a single pass took almost 10 hours with MATLAB software running on a 128-core Linux cluster. The representation was so accurate it predicted what M. genitalium looks like, just from the genetic data. And, despite the raft of research already conducted on the bacterium, the model revealed previously undiscovered inconsistencies in individual cell cycles. Such simulations could be used in the future to better understand the complicated biology of diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's. Looks like we're going to need more cores in that cluster. If you'd like to hear Stanford researcher Markus Covert's view on the work, we've embedded some footage beyond the fold.
The Premier League turns 25 in a few weeks, and off the back of its extraordinary success - it has become the most valuable football league in the world, valued by Deloitte at generating revenue of £4.865bn in the 2015/16 season - it now faces some questions posed by the future, and developments in technology.
One of the ways in which the Premier League is fighting against modern technology is by cracking down on illegal streaming, and they have announced today that they have been granted the ability to do so. The High Court have ruled in their favour, and now Internet Service Providers must block the IP addresses of any site found to be illicitly streaming Premier League matches. The Order is in effect for the entire season ahead. It was also in effect for the final two months at the end of last season, and the League claim they blocked more than 5,000 IPs addresses found to be streaming illegally in that time.
The Premier League's Director of Legal Services, Kevin Plumb called the decision a "game-changer":
This blocking Order is a game-changer in our efforts to tackle the supply and use of illicit streams of our content. It will allow us to quickly and effectively block and disrupt the illegal broadcast of Premier League football via any means, including so called 'pre-loaded Kodi boxes'. The protection of our copyright, and the investment made by our broadcast partners, is hugely important to the Premier League and the future health of English football. The ability that clubs have to develop and acquire talented players, to build and improve stadiums, and to support communities and schools is all predicated on being able to market, sell and protect commercial rights. We are pleased the Courts have recognised this with the granting of this significant blocking Order.
[PremierLeague.com]
Advertisement
See Also: The Liverpool WhatsApp Group With Jurgen Klopp Sounds Like Zero Craic
A hedgerow can offer beauty, productivity, biodiversity, and much more! Discover how to plant a hedgerow to meet your needs on your permaculture homestead.
Posts may contain affiliate links, which allow me to earn a commission at no extra cost to you. This helps keep costs down so that I can continue providing high quality content to you for free. I appreciate your purchase through the links! (full disclosure)
A hedgerow is a narrow strip of mixed plantings, which I distinguish from a hedge—a planting of a single species. In 10 Reasons to Plant a Suburban Hedgerow, I outlined some of the top benefits that a hedgerow can provide, including privacy, water conservation, a buffer to noise, wind, or pollution, and more.
The type of hedgerow you plant will depend on what purpose you want it to serve, the sun exposure of the area, soil conditions, wildlife activity, etc.
Hedgerows are mostly comprised of perennial species. Quick-growing annual plants can fill the gaps while a young hedgerow becomes established. For hedgerows to have the effects you desire, it will be important to maintain it for at least two years by watering and weeding while it becomes established.
Design your Hedgerow
The layout of the hedgerow will depend on its desired function and location. Hedgerows are often used along property lines but they can also be used to divide sections of a property such as animal paddocks or dividing play areas from garden areas. Hedgerows can also be utilized to manage water flow, if built as swales or contour gardens.
See: 6 Maps to Draw for the Permaculture Designed Homestead.
Hedgerows are always longer than they are wide. Dave Jacke, author of Edible Forest Gardens, suggests 40 feet is the critical width for creating a biologically rich and fertile ecosystem that attracts and holds beneficial insects, wildlife, and a diversity of plants; though I doubt most property owners will have the space for this.
If you can swing it, a hedgerow that is at least 10 feet wide (20 feet long) is a minimum size so it can incorporate several rows of plants to be effective. I think hedgerows are beneficial no matter their size, so even a single row of plantings along a property line can do wonders.
By comparison, farmland hedgerows can be as wide as 100 feet, stretching a minimum of 60 feet from a water source in riparian zones.
Hedgerows have a lot of similarities with food forests and fruit tree guilds.
Photo Credit: daryl_mitchell Flickr
Prepare the Planting Area
On large-scale properties, it might be necessary to till the hedgerow area before planting. Add 2 inches of compost and let rest for two weeks before planting.
For a small hedgerow, sheet mulching is a healthier approach.
To sheet mulch the area, cut back any unwanted growth and remove unwanted woody plants. Use a digging fork to aerate the soil throughout. Cover the area in cardboard, overlapping the ends so that the soil is entirely covered. Amend hardpan soil with a layer of aged manure topped with shredded leaves or straw, then top with at least 4 inches of compost soil. Wait two weeks before planting.
If you deal with poison ivy in your hedgerow area, read about how to kill poison ivy first.
Your hedgerow can include a variety of canopy and understory trees, fruit trees, berry and nut bushes, flowering and native trees and shrubs, evergreen trees and bushes, and herbs, flowers, and ground covers, your choice of which will depend on how much space you have and what you hope your hedgerow will accomplish.
Choose Your Foundational Plantings
The tallest plantings will establish the foundation of the hedgerow. In a residential setting with a 20-foot long hedgerow, you'll likely skip tall canopy trees and start with dwarf trees or shrubs as your base planting.
Organize your hedge plantings so the tallest species are closest to the property line or fence. Work inward to layer your plants from tallest to shortest.
Give each plant 75% of its suggested plant spacing. This will ensure that the hedge is full and compact at maturity.
Photo Credit: hardworkinghippy Flickr
For example, dwarf apple trees are expected to get 8-10 feet wide. (See: 5 Steps to Planting Fruit Trees.) If I were planting a row of apple trees in my hedge, I would plant them about 8 feet away from the property line or fence to ensure I had enough space for harvest on the fenceline, spacing the trees about 7.5 feet from one another width-wise. Alternating them with evergreen bushes would help with privacy, if that is a concern.
Mahonia, also called grape holly, is an evergreen shrub that reaches around 4-8 feet wide. It can be used in privacy and wildlife hedgerows. The purple berries are edible for humans, too, and make a delicious jelly. I would plant Mahonia about 4 feet away from the property line, and 6 feet from each other to accommodate the maximum width.
Choose Your Support Plantings
Shrubs, herbs, flowers, and ground covers all make up the support species of your hedgerow.
Your second tallest plants will be planted next: slightly in front of, and staggered in between, your foundation plants.
For example, to plant hazelnut shrubs that are expected to reach 10 feet wide, I would plant them about 7.5 feet away from the base of the apple trees.
Support plantings that face south or west will receive more sunlight over time (in the northern hemisphere) than plants facing north or east. You'll have to choose appropriate plants for the sun exposure.
You may weave a walking path into the design so you can easily visit and maintain the area without stepping on plants or compacting soft garden soil.
Continue adding species according to diminishing height and width away from the property line. Red currants expected to reach 3-5 feet wide would be staggered about 5.5 feet in front of the hazelnuts, for example.
Photo Credit: Ron Schott Flickr
Shade-tolerant herbaceous perennials can be planted underneath the trees and shrubs, or try growing mushrooms in an edible hedge. Sun-loving wildflower seeds and clover can be sprinkled throughout to fill in the spaces until everything is established.
Start small: You don't have to plant the entire hedgerow at once. Plant it in sections or in layers—all tall trees first, or one length of fence at a time—so you're not overwhelmed.
When to Plant
Hedgerows contain mostly perennial species, which are best planted in the spring or fall. Plant perennials on a cloudy day, especially in hot weather, to reduce shock.
After planting, water and mulch well to reduce weeds.
Would you like to learn more about using the power of plants to improve the biodiversity of your garden, reduce maintenance, and increase yield?
You'll find loads of information just like this in my book, The Suburban Micro-Farm.
What to Plant
The plants you choose will depend on the function and location of your hedgerow. For most functions, a mixture of trees, shrubs, nitrogen fixing plants, and herbs will create the most successful hedgerow.
To create a self-sustaining ecosystem, choose plants that perform more than one function. For example, a holly bush can be a windbreak, privacy screen, and bird habitat. Yarrow will attract pollinators and beneficial insects, will help break up clay soil and will accumulate nutrients for fertilizer.
Below is a list of various plant species that will do well in a hedgerow, but this isn't an exhaustive list, and your hedgerow need not be limited to these suggestions. There are many more plants beyond these suggestions, and you may need to do more research to find plants that are appropriate to your climate.
Photo Credit: Distant Hill Gardens Flickr
Plant a Fedge
A food hedge, or hedge made of edible species, is sometimes referred to as a fedge. Below I've noted species that have edible components with an asterisk.
Tall Trees (windbreak)
Alder
Black Locust
Hackberry*
Oak*
Poplar
Walnut*
Evergreens (for Privacy, Noise Reduction, Windbreaks, and Wildlife)
Boxwoods
Holly Bushes
Junipers
Mahonia*
Yews
Edible Species (For Wildlife and Food Forests)*
Edible Understory Trees:
Consider dwarf or semi-dwarf for small hedgerows.
American persimmon
Apple
Cherry
Cornelian cherry
Crabapple
American Hawthorn
Hazelnut
Mulberry
Pawpaw
Peach
Pear
Plum
Edible Understory Bushes:
Aronia
Blueberry
Currant
Elderberry
Gooseberry
Goumi
Nanking cherry
Rose
Serviceberry
Staghorn sumac
See also: How to Grow a Jelly Garden
Flowering Plants (For Beauty, Fragrance, Beneficial Insects & Pollinators)
Flowering Understory Trees & Bushes:
False Indigo
Flowering dogwood*
Lilac*
Maryland Senna
Red Osier dogwood
Witch Hazel*
Flowering Herbs for Sunny Edges :
Nitrogen Fixers
Nitrogen is an essential nutrient for self-maintaining ecosystems. Nitrogen fixing plants convert nitrogen in the air into a useable form in the soil for the plants that surround it. It is recommended that 50% of your plantings be nitrogen fixers. So if you choose 3 fruit trees, 3 berry bushes, and 3 herbs, then consider interspersing an equal number of nitrogen fixers throughout the area. This is a nice list of additional nitrogen fixers.
Nitrogen-Fixing Trees:
Alder
Black Locust
Nitrogen-Fixing Shrubs:
False Indigo
Goumi*
Maryland Senna
See: 4 Berry-Producing Shrubs that Fertilize, Too!
Nitrogen-Fixing Herbs:
Crimson Clover*
Dutch White Clover*
Lead Plant
Round Headed Bush Clover
White Prairie Clover
Yellow Bush Lupine
Photo Credit: ideath Flickr
Nutrient Accumulators (make nutrient-rich mulch)
Apple*
Black Locust
Clover*
Dandelion*
Flowering Dogwood*
Lupine
Russian Comfrey
Walnut*
Yarrow
Plants for Wet & Erosion Prone Areas (Riparian zones)
Cattail*
Elderberry*
Flowering Dogwood*
Gooseberry*
Hazelnut*
Highbush cranberry*
Lilac*
Maximilian Sunflower
Miscanthus grasses (native, non-spreading)
Pussy Willow
Staghorn Sumac*
See: 20 Perennial Crops for Wet Soil
Shade Tolerant Plants
Currant*
Elderberry*
Flowering Dogwood*
Gooseberry*
Hazelnut*
Serviceberry*
Spicebush*
Staghorn Sumac*
Witch Hazel*
Photo Credit: free photos Flickr
Deer Resistant Plants (Read: NOT Deer Proof. Protect while young.)
Deer-Resistant Trees:
American holly
Birch
Buckeye
Mimosa
Pawpaw*
Pine*
Deer-Resistant Shrubs:
Barberry
Boxwood
Cypress
Holly bushes
Juniper
Leatherleaf Mahonia*
Red Elderberry
Staghorn Sumac*
Viburnum
Deer-Resistant Herbaceous Plantings*:
Anise hyssop
Calendula (annual)
California poppy (annual)
Catmint
Daffodil
Fern
Lavender
Lemon balm
Marjoram
Oregano
Ramps
Rosemary
Sage
Sweet alyssum (annual)
Sweet woodruff
Tarragon
Thyme
Hedgerow Maintenance
Hedgerows will require some maintenance in the first 1-4 years. Water your plants in dry periods, plant in a rain-harvesting swale, or install an irrigation system. Continue to mulch annually to maintain control over the weeds. Once the system is established at full size, the hedgerow should be a self-maintaining ecosystem that requires very little maintenance.
Additional Resources:
Need more ideas for growing a permaculture garden?
READ NEXT:
What will you plant in your hedge?
Image caption Michael Baggaley, of the Stoke Sentinel, is refused access to the ground
Another football club has banned a local newspaper from its press box for home matches. But what effect does such a move have on the media, the clubs and the fans who want to know what is going on at their favourite football club?
Every match day, Michael Baggaley packed up their laptop and took themselves to the press seats at Port Vale Football Club to capture the cut and thrust of their latest League One fixture.
In doing so, Mr Baggaley was following a well-trodden trail of sports reporters who have covered the club for their paper, the Stoke Sentinel, for more than 100 years.
Down at pitch level, a Sentinel photographer was positioned behind the advertising hoardings, poised to capture any goalmouth action.
At least, that was how things worked until last Saturday. When Mr Baggaley and a photographer turned up at Vale Park they were told they were banned from the press box.
Unlike the players, we don't have to toe the party line and we don't come out with cliche-ridden quotes that fans have heard before Lee Ryder, Newcastle Chronicle
The newspaper said Port Vale chairperson Norman Smurthwaite demanded a financial contribution from it of £10,000 to gain access to the club.
Port Vale is far from the first club to limit media access to its team.
On Tuesday, Newcastle-upon-Tyne's stable of regional papers - The Journal, The Chronicle and the Sunday Sun - revealed they had been banned from Newcastle United's press box following their coverage of a fans' protest march.
And Nottingham Forest has limited the city's daily newspaper The Nottingham Post's access to its management and playing staff to post-match press conferences.
So why are some clubs adopting such an uncompromising stance towards local newspaper coverage? And are such practices likely to become widespread?
What the papers say
Newspapers feel baffled at the clubs' actions.
"We have helped save the club - why would we want to damage it?" asked Stoke Sentinel editor Richard Bowyer, referring to their paper's campaign to expose financial irregularities at Port Vale.
Since the ban, sparked by a story the paper ran about fans not receiving replica shirts, Mr Bowyer's team faces having to report on the club from the stands.
Image caption Coverage of a fans' protest march at Newcastle United prompted the club to ban local newspapers from press facilities
They said the idea of charging the newspaper to cover matches was unprecedented.
You're banned Sir Alex Ferguson, while they were Manchester United manager, imposed bans on several journalists including, for seven years, the BBC
More recently some other clubs, including Southampton, have restricted media access
"There is not one local newspaper in the country I know of that pays any money to sit in a press box," they said.
"If I added up how much coverage Port Vale get in terms of advertising space, it would be thousands of pounds a year. But we are pleased to do this."
In addition, journalists say the coverage they provide is unparalleled, honest, knowledgeable and objective.
"Newcastle is a football-mad city and it is our duty to report on the club," said Lee Ryder, chief sports writer at the Newcastle Chronicle.
"Unlike the players, journalists don't have to toe the party line and we don't come out with cliche-ridden quotes that fans have heard before.
"I've watched Newcastle United all my life, so I write from a position of authority and what I write is balanced."
What the clubs say
In the high-pressure, high-spending world of modern football, clubs feel they have a brand to protect.
"Times are changing," Ben White, media and communications manager at Nottingham Forest, said. "We have a media team of our own who are fully focused on keeping fans updated.
What press access are clubs obliged to provide? Under Football League guidelines, clubs must provide accredited media with team sheets, programmes and, where appropriate, broadcasting facilities. Journalists can also access a "dedicated room" for post-match press arrangements
Premier League clubs are only obliged to provide media access to "rights holders" - those media organisations that have paid for access
"We haven't banned any of the local media. They still have access to the press box and can attend post-match press conferences with the manager."
Since January, however, Forest has ceased to allow journalists from the city's newspaper and radio station daily interaction with its management and players.
It is a far cry from the club's halcyon days under Brian Clough in the 1970s and 80s, when not only were Forest European champions but local journalists such as Duncan Hamilton, who wrote an award-winning book based on their years of dealings with Clough as a reporter for the Nottingham Evening Post, were virtually permanent guests in the manager's office.
All breaking news about the Championship club is now released via the club's website and social media channels.
"We fulfil all the contractual rights of the Football League," said Mr White.
They make no distinction between independent press coverage and that provided by the Forest media team.
Image caption The Swindon Advertiser used Subbuteo figures to recreate a 2010 match against Southampton Image caption Southampton decided to ban press photographers from its ground - other papers used old photos or employed a cartoonist Image caption Southampton has now changed its policy but other clubs have restricted media access Image caption Media experts describe the trend as "worrying" previous slide next slide
"There are so many rumours floating around in football and we want people to come to our website and get the facts," said Mr White.
However, some facts are, inevitably, more palatable to a club than others.
The press restrictions at Port Vale and Newcastle United have been imposed in response to stories they considered damaging.
Port Vale chairperson Mr Smurthwaite said their concerns related to a number of Sentinel stories, including one about former chairperson Paul Wildes - although the Sentinel said it had never received a complaint about that article.
Newcastle United refused to comment on its falling out with the three Newcastle papers but in a letter to their editors Wendy Taylor, the club's head of media, described recent coverage of a fans' protest march as "completely disproportionate".
None of the three clubs commented on when they were likely to lift the restrictions. Mr Smurthwaite said they hoped the Sentinel would issue an apology to him, while Nottingham Forest said they would review their strategy at the start of each season.
What the fans say
While the clubs' restrictions may be problematic for editors and galling for defenders of press freedom, the question remains whether they matter as much to followers of the teams concerned.
Fans of clubs in the upper reaches of the Premier League have probably never been exposed to as much news about their teams as they are in the modern world of 24-hour media, internet message boards and social networking.
But supporters of lower-division clubs, who inevitably receive less national coverage than their more successful counterparts, are more likely to find themselves relying on local media for news.
Kevin Miles, a former freelance journalist who now heads the Football Supporters Federation, said: "Realistically, the ban at Newcastle on one set of publications is not likely to majorly impact what a fan can find out about their club.
Image caption The Sentinel bought its reporter a ticket to watch the match from among the fans
"But the smaller the club, the narrower the range of outlets covering it, so the bigger the impact of any media ban."
In response to the idea that clubs' websites could become the main outlet of coverage, they said: "Among fans, there is a genuine suspicion of clubs' websites. They are seen very much as a propaganda outlet."
Peter Williams, honorary president of the Port Vale Supporters' Club, said: "The Sentinel has stuck their neck out a number of times in support of the fans, during many of the problems we have experienced at Port Vale. They have worked tirelessly to help us.
"There are a considerable number of people who depend upon their reports, like my mother-in-law, who's 93 and can't go to the matches any more."
What happens next?
In the meantime, the affected newspapers are finding inventive ways of continuing their coverage, through a mixture of social media appeals for fan photographs, interviews with ex-players and match reports written from the stands.
They can draw inspiration from papers such as the Swindon Advertiser, which in 2010 used pictures of Subbuteo figures to depict the action when its photographer was denied access by Southampton, who wanted media outlets to buy its own official photos.
The Plymouth Herald got round the same ban by hiring a cartoonist while the Bournemouth Echo used photos from matches between Southampton and Bournemouth in the 1980s.
Mr Miles believes clubs may be forced to reconsider the bans - if only as a result of the poor PR they have received.
They say they cannot see such actions becoming widespread.
That said, they acknowledge that local papers - many of which are already suffering from falling sales - could be hit hard by such actions.
Tim Luckhurst, who heads the University of Kent's centre of journalism, described the bans as "a very worrying phenomenon".
"There is a sense at the top of the Premier League that the management can control the message," they said.
"I'm afraid my impression of football is that clubs are very reluctant to even begin to understand the idea of free speech. They are not interested in being held to account in any way."
The search engine has paid tribute to the writer's undersea novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under The Sea with an interactive doodle featuring an ocean scene viewed through the portholes of a submarine.
iPad and iPhone users who tilt their device can watch the water level move in any direction they wish.
People with a traditional desktop computer can also interact with the doodle by moving the joystick on the right hand-side of the logo. This changes the view through the submarine windows to include different views of marine life.
It is perhaps fitting that the Frenchman, who pioneered the science fiction genre, is the subject of such an innovative design.
 They are best known for novels such as Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea (1870), A Journey to the Center of the Earth (1864), and Around the World in Eighty Days (1873).
Verne wrote about space, air and underwater travel before air travel or practical submarines had been invented, and is thought to be the third most translated author in the world.
 They are popularly referred to as the "Father of Science Fiction" and would have been 183 today.
As a young man Verne initially studied law but when their father discovered that they spent most of their time writing stories and librettos they withdrew their support.
Instead they supported themselves as a stockbroker although they didn't much enjoy the job.
Google has introduced a limited number of interactive doodle designs.
The first fully interactive one was produced in May last year to celebrate the 30th birthday of Pac-Man with the character able to be moved by pressing arrow keys on the user's keyboard.
Due to open in the spring, “Unveiled. Berlin and its monuments“ will incorporate 100 original exhibits dating to the era of the Kaiser's Empire, the Weimar Republic, the National Socialist period and the former East Germany.
The Lenin head cut from red Ukrainian granite was to be a focal point of the event - but it has now been reported missing.
Its last known location was in the Köpenick Forest on the southwest edge of Berlin, where it was buried with 128 more pieces of the 19-metre statue, which was dismantled after the collapse of Soviet Union in 1991. The city government is not willing to undertake the search.
To find it again would take “extensive probing and exploratory excavations” that the city is not in a position to undertake financially, technically, or in time for the exhibition's spring opening, said Berlin's top official for the protection of monuments, Jörg Haspel.
It would also take too much work and expense to sufficiently restore once found, they told the newspaper. Furthermore, their department had decided that while the monument's location was supposedly not known, its dismembered parts should all remain together.
The organizers of the exhibition were nonplussed by the news that Russian revolutionary's head will be absent from the line-up.
“I am bitterly disappointed that we are only now hearing about this decision and that this central object cannot be displayed in the exhibition,” said Andrea Theissen, the head of the Spandau's office for art.
The event has received €14 million funding from the Brandenburg government, the EU and from lottery ticket sales.
4:30pm: Lucas has been officially waived, the team has announced.
2:20pm: The Grizzlies have waived Kalin Lucas, Shams Charania of RealGM is reporting (Twitter link). The team intends for Lucas to play for them in the D-League, provided they clear waivers, Charania notes. Waiving Lucas reduces Memphis' preseason roster count to 15 players, so they don't have to make any further roster moves.
Lucas' contract was non-guaranteed, so the Grizzlies aren't on the hook for any cash for the 25-year-old point guard. They were a longshot to make the team out of camp, and spending time in the D-League should improve their shot at landing another shot at the NBA, either via a 10-day contract or a camp invite next summer.
They haven't seen any regular season action yet, but during their four seasons at Michigan State, Lucas averaged 14.2 PPG, 1.9 RPG, and 4.0 APG. Their slash line was .425/.377/.796.
It's always a treat when you capture leftists on video admitting their actual beliefs. Especially when they don't think they're on camera. This undercover report where James O'Keefe gets a Democrat delegate to admit what “common sense” gun legislation actually means needs to be spread far and wide…
“Saying you want to ban guns altogether, that's going to piss everybody off. You have to take that sort of moderate… ‘We just wanna have common sense legislation so our children are safe!' You say s— like that, and then people will buy into it.”
Color us not at all surprised, but paint us boastful.
This is one of the reasons why conservatives and gun-right advocates oppose ANY bill the left proposes regarding guns. We know it's all a ruse. We know any proposition for “common sense” gun this-or-that is simply a heart-shaped stepping stone to a full gun ban (which Obama has praised). You know it, I know it, they know it. Difference is, now we have someone flat out admitting it. Which means whenever a leftist mouth-breather claims you're a paranoid, tin-foil hat salespersons, you can tell them to shove their mockery up their tight little rectums. Also, here's Chelsea Clinton admitting guns are, like, super mean and should be like, totally banned and stuff.
These bleeding heart leftists who've never pulled a single trigger, know any stack of paper they can pass which reads “gun control” on it in fine print leads to another more invasive stack of paper reading “gun control” on it in fine print. That's why they try to trick people by claiming everything they want to pass is “common sense.” How can you oppose common sense?
The go-to strategy for any leftist is to twist words, manipulate meanings, tap into emotions. Look no further than the “pro-choice” rhetoric about baby-killing to see what I mean. Which is why it was ever so kind of Project Veritas to go undercover and cut through the stinking pile of bovine feces to get some truth from this delegate.
And speaking of leftist gun control myths…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
Further Reading New Chrome extension warns you when your Google password gets phished
On Thursday, Ars reported that a new service that warns when Google account users' passwords are phished had been bypassed by a drop-dead simple exploit , just 24 hours after Google had rolled out the Chrome plugin. Within hours of publication, Google issued an update that blocked the exploit. Now the same researcher has figured out a way to block the new version, too.
The first bypass required just seven lines of code to completely obfuscate the warning that the older Password Alert extension displayed when Chrome users entered their Google account password into a non-Google website. The warning told users their Google password had been intercepted by bad guys and advised users to change it right away. The first exploit relied on a JavaScript-based timer that searches the loaded webpage for instances of Google's warning screen and simply removes it. Technically, the warning window still appears, but the exploit prevented the user from ever seeing it.
The newer exploit, which circumvents Thursday night's release of version 1.4, relies on just three lines. It works by refreshing the browser page after each password character is entered. That causes a browser to behave as if only one character of the password has been entered. Consequently, the warning is never displayed. The newer exploit has limitations, however. If the phishing target types the password too slowly, the browser will catch up to the constant refreshing and display the warning as Google engineers intended. Still, the bypass works about 90 percent of the time, said Paul Moore, the UK-based security researcher who devised both attacks. It wouldn't be surprising to see Google release yet another patch that may or may not be bypassed yet again.
The back-and-forth between Google and Moore highlights the cat-and-mouse struggle of security. A defender builds a lock of sorts, an attacker figures out a way to break it, the defender responds with refinements that block the attack, the defender works around the refinement, and so on. The process can be repeated for years, decades, or even centuries. The Password Alert travails also demonstrate the asymmetry of security, where a lone attacker can easily breach the security of a defender with vastly greater resources. Don't count on this struggle being resolved anytime soon.
Did you know that you can watch YouTube videos on the Ubuntu desktop without using a web browser?
Chances are you did, but it's taken me a while to notice it!
The video player that ships by default in all versions of Ubuntu has built-in support for searching and streaming YouTube videos — no extra plugins required, no additional downloads necessary.
Edit: Actually it seems that's not quite the case. If you're using the Unity version of Ubuntu you need to install grilo-plugins-0.3-extra package first. This package is included in Ubuntu GNOME.
Although the feature doesn't quite stare you in the face (it's semi-hidden) it's surprising that it isn't more widely publicised or recommended.
Call it the novelty of learning something new, but I decided to take a quick-hands on with the feature to see how well it works.
Use Totem to Find & Watch YouTube Videos
To “find” the YouTube streaming feature in the Totem video player you need to open the search bar by clicking on the search glass icon in the tool bar.
A search box will unfold. See the small ‘local' chip nestled in the corner? Click it:
This menu is home to a small set of search destinations, including bookmarked videos, local videos, and — quelle surprise —YouTube.
Select YouTube to set it as the source, and then go ahead and punch in some search terms or a keyword, e.g., ‘kyoryuger', ubuntu 14.04 features', ‘new found glory happy being miserable', etc.
After hitting the enter key a series of results will fill up the grid.
You can double-click on any video thumbnail to instantly playback — or attempt to, anyhow.
Because of copyright (etc) not all videos available on YouTube can be streamed. Music videos (more than most) result in an ominously worded “Forbidden” error being shown. You'll need to hit the back arrow to return to your search results and select another option.
That (unavoidable) niggle aside most videos you'll want to watch can be watched in-app, without fuss. You can even create a playlist made up of multiple videos and set play them sequentially. To do this, right-click on one thumbnail to expose the select boxes, and then click on the other videos you wish to add/watch:
During (successful) video playback you get access to a small set of streaming options. Accessible through the small menu in the bottom toolbar, you can adjust playback speed, set a video to repeat, and ‘skip to' a specific section of the stream:
Other features are available during video playback, including an option to create a screenshot gallery from a video (though don't expect feature parity with dedicated apps that perform some of the same functionality):
That's essentially that; there's not an awfully lot more the app could or should do beyond this.
A Better Experience than YouTube.com? I'm Not Sure…
I've personally never had much issue watching videos on the YouTube website. Now that it's (largely) Flash-free, performance is decent, you get quality controls, Google Cast support, and video recommendations are often wonderfully on point.
But I appreciate that I am not everyone. I know some folks on lower-end devices, as well as those who generally prefer to work outside of the browser, often make use of desktop YouTube player apps for Linux.
Totem may not a dedicated app for this task, but it's well worth a look all the same.
Three SABC journalists have been suspended for failing to stick to the “violent protest” ban that has been implemented at the broadcaster, according the South African National Editors Forum (Sanef).
According to Sanef, economics editor, Thandeka Gqubule, RSG executive producer Foeta Krige and senior journalist Suna Venter have been suspended for “disagreeing with an instruction during a diary conference not to cover the Right2Know (R2K) campaign's protest against censorship at the public broadcaster”.
On Monday R2K led protests against SABC management in Durban, Cape Town and Johannesburg, petitioning the ban on protest coverage and new editorial policies that give the COO Hlaudi Motsoeneng the final say on editorial decisions.
In May, the SABC said it will no longer show violent protests on any of its channels in a bid to “educate the population”, and send a message that violent action will not get them the attention they seek.
The broadcaster made good on these promises by refusing to air any footage of protests that broke out in the weeks following the announcement, and hardly made mention of the massive protest action which played out in Tshwane, in which 5 people lost their lives.
The SABC doubled down on its censorship action by also refusing to air any coverage of other media reporting on violent protests – which included the cancellation of current affairs radio shows, and stopping presenters from reading newspaper headlines on air.
The Independent Communications Authority of SA (Icasa) will on Friday hold a public hearing about the SABC's decision not to broadcast footage of violent protests.
The public broadcaster had until Wednesday to explain its decision to censor its news to Icasa.
Opposition parties and media groups have criticised SABC COO Hlaudi Motsoeneng's decision.
More on the SABC
How the SABC is covering the Tshwane protests vs what's really happening
SABC vows to replace ‘Britain's Queen' with Zulu King
Hacktivists launch cyberattack on SABC websites
Motsoeneng wants SABC staff to wear uniforms
ICE Eyes 400,000 Deportations
For decades, the nation's jails and prisons had little formal role in immigration enforcement. It was possible for an illegal immigrant to be arrested for a crime, be convicted, serve time, then be released, without ever being turned over for deportation. Now, the federal immigration agency has a plan to keep that from happening.
About a year ago, Arlington County Jail in northern Virginia stepped up its partnership with the federal agency Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE.
These days, officers compile a list of inmates who say they were not born in the U.S. Then, three times a week, federal immigration agent Brian Lewis stops by to interview them and figure out who can be deported — that could be an illegal immigrant and one here legally, but who lost that status because of a criminal conviction.
Jim Pendergraph of ICE says the plan is for each detention facility in the country to eventually fingerprint every inmate, not just those charged with felonies. Those fingerprints will then be checked against the federal agency's own database.
"We know that's going to be a huge workload increase for ICE because of the numbers that's gonna be turned up just on a routine fingerprint," they say. "Therefore in the initial phases we're going to do it on a tier system — the worst go first."
So, for example, they say, immigrants with a serious criminal record will be held for deportation, but those with lesser transgressions will be released with a notice to appear in court. Pendergraph admits they may well not show, but if they're ever arrested and fingerprinted again, that will pop up in their record and flag them as a priority for deportation.
The Arlington County jail is now holding twice as many deportable immigrants than before the new checks began. Julie Myers, the head of ICE, says there are efforts to keep detentions centers from being overwhelmed.
"A core part of our plan is looking at what sort of incentives first of all can we provide for nonviolent aliens to go home sooner," they say, "and how can we speed up the process for individuals who aren't eligible to adjust."
In other words, if an immigrant has no legal way to stay in the U.S., they can get out of jail early by agreeing to be deported.
Judy Rabinovitz of the American Civil Liberties Union says early parole could certainly be good for some, but they point out immigrants have no right to a lawyer for deportation proceedings and immigration law is incredibly complex.
"There's a real, real concern that they're going to be giving up their rights unknowingly. And they're going to say, 'Yes, sure, I want to get out of jail.' And they're gonna say, 'I'll accept deportation,' without realizing that they actually may have defenses to deportation."
Overall, checking the legal status of inmates is one of the immigration agency's less controversial programs; even many police officers who object to acting as immigration agents on the streets have little problem with doing such checks in jails. But when it comes to the larger effort against illegal immigration, Ruben Rumbaut of the University of California at Irvine, says jail deportations can have only limited impact.
"Almost three-quarters of American adults believe that immigration is causally related to more crime, and yet we find consistently that the opposite is the case. Less than seven-tenths of 1 percent of the foreign born were incarcerated."
ICE believes that could still mean several hundred thousand deportable immigrant inmates. But the agency estimates it will take $2 billion to $3 billion a year to remove them all — money Congress will have to approve.
A few weeks ago, I wrote a brief news piece about the marketing campaign behind Eli Roth's The Green Inferno. It spoke of the opportunistic hucksterism Roth and their team had employed in both interviews and marketing copy that bizarrely seemed to align the movie with reactionaries and racists. That story got a lot of comments, as expected, but as far as we could see, the outrage at Roth pretty much died down after that, as these things always do.
But then this morning, I received an email from an advocacy group looking for help. This group wished to publicly slate The Green Inferno as racist in order to improve the representation of indigenous Amazon peoples, but had not seen the film (as thus far it's only played festivals). They wanted me to give them help to piece together an incomplete plot synopsis they'd built up, in the same way geek sites do Star Wars movies, so they could properly eviscerate it. I declined: it seemed unfair and dishonest to help a group - even one with unimpeachably noble goals - create the illusion they'd seen a film in order to tear it apart.
Outrage culture is a funny thing. Over the past year, I've been deeply involved with it - I was amongst the first people not directly involved in the #GamerGate saga to actually write about it, which ultimately, eventually, got me directly involved in it. The stomping-down of #GamerGate - which must be celebrating a truly pathetic one-year anniversary right now - is a prime example of outrage culture doing good. Its target was a worthy one; it generated discussion about issues like gender representation and equality in communities that otherwise wouldn't have talked about that stuff. And it's not the only example - the #BlackLivesMatter movement gained significant extra momentum through online signal boosting and discussion.
But there's a kneejerk element to this culture that, even as a mildly experienced pop-culture critic, rubs me the wrong way. Amongst certain strands of Twitter, and several of my friends even, there's a desire - a hunger, even - to be the first to criticise something, to maintain the highest standard of ideological purity. Motivation like that inevitably results in art getting slammed before it's even seen, or sometimes even before it's created. Often, that pre-judgement turns out to be correct, but the issue is that pre-judgement hinges entirely on the “turns out to be”.
In The Green Inferno's case, I happen to think the pre-judgement is at least approximately on the money. But that's not true of everything. For every Last Airbender, there's a Cloud Atlas; for every Sucker Punch, a Fury Road. It's easy to hear “apparently they whitewashed half the Korean roles in Cloud Atlas” and get angry about it. It's much harder to engage and see context and realise that the multicultural cast plays roles of all kinds, and that the multi-casting makes a specific thematic point about the constants throughout humanity.
This kind of approach to activism isn't just blind; it's actively destructive to the causes its proponents are trying to further. There's nothing wrong with calling people out about things they've done wrong; it's the tone that matters. I've seen full-blown GamerGaters turned around through calm, reasoned discourse; I've never seen anyone's opinion changed by being shouted at. And knee-jerk reactions always, always tend towards the histrionic. Worse, it often ends up alienating allies who make a mistake (and who would likely respond well to actual discussion, given their common beliefs), and fracturing forward progressive momentum. That's likely part of how the English-speaking world has come to be dominated by conservative governments.
More specific to the internet, jumping the gun with condemnation makes the whole of Social Justice culture look bad - especially when the condemnation in question turns out to be unfounded. As well-intentioned as it is, it plays directly into the “anti-SJW” narrative spouted by reactionaries, giving them more fodder for their abuse cannons. Again, I've been guilty of it myself at times, but I'm trying to become more self-aware about it. It's one of the many lessons I've learned in my plunge through #GamerGate hell - most of which have been about gender, race, and representation, but some of which have been about internet culture and the viral mentality.
Far from reasonable criticism, hair-trigger outrage is a conscious refusal to even investigate the material in question. Is The Green Inferno racist? Probably. Is it distasteful in both its production process and end result? Totally. Should it be boycotted or banned? Hell no, especially not sight unseen. Eli Roth, douchebaggy though they may be, has every right to make their stupid movie, just as Destructive Creations have every right to make Hatred, and Fox News has every right to broadcast Republican spin 24/7. It's our individual duty to decide whether or not to consume that content, and to view it with a critical eye when doing so.
Watch movies before you judge them. And read this article before you comment.
Oops. Too late.
Taunting Cowboys fans at Jerry World just got more tasteless. Here are two Houston Texans fans making their own personal statement about the Ebola scare in Dallas, during Sunday's game. The Reddit headline? Of course it was A Facebook friend spotted two fans that won't be going home with Ebola (i.imgur.com).
Of course as we've previously outlined, making jokes about a deadly disease that has killed hundreds, among them children, isn't cool in any way. But get ready for a long ride, because we can't seem to escape it:
Guaranteed to save the U.S. from Ebola. pic.twitter.com/BAhBYYitUL — Just An Average Girl (@StandardsRaised) October 7, 2014
Meanwhile, Chiefs linebacker Tamba Hali is taking a more constructive path. He's helping the organization Heart to Heart International with building a clinic to battle the disease in their native Liberia.
Eric Courchesne managed to find a positive thing about getting polio: It gave them a clear idea of what they would do when they grew up. Courchesne was stricken in 1953, when they were 4. The infection left their legs so wasted that they couldn't stand or walk. “My mother had to carry me everywhere,” they say. Their parents helped them learn how to move their toes again. They took them to a pool to learn to swim. When they were 6, they took them to a doctor who gave them metal braces, and then they helped them learn to hobble around on them. Doctors performed half a dozen surgeries on their legs, grafting muscles to give them more strength.
Courchesne was 11 when the braces finally came off, and their parents patiently helped them practice walking on their own. “Through their encouragement, I went on to have dreams beyond what you'd expect,” they say. They went to college at the University of California, Berkeley. One day they stopped to watch the gymnastics team practicing, and the coach asked them to try out. Before long Courchesne was on the team, where they won the western U.S. championship in still rings.
When Courchesne wasn't competing at gymnastics, they were studying neuroscience. “I understood a neurological disorder firsthand, and I wanted to help other children,” they say. Fortunately, the polio outbreak that snared them in 1953 was the last major one in the United States; a vaccine largely eliminated the disease in this country. But in the mid-1980s, as a newly minted assistant professor of neuroscience at the University of California, San Diego, Courchesne encountered a 15-year-old with another kind of devastating neurological disorder: autism.
At the time, Courchesne was investigating how children's brains respond to new pieces of information. “I encountered a clinical psychologist who studied children with autism,” they say. “She told me, ‘Autistic children aren't interested in novelty. They're interested in routine.' ” Yet the young man Courchesne met showed more range. At first they responded to Courchesne's questions only with short answers, “but when I talked with them further, I discovered they had a tremendous wealth of knowledge,” the neuroscientist recalls. “He had calendar memory. They just aren't interested in being sociable.”
Autism had cut the boy off from the social world, Courchesne realized. “I could see their loneliness, and I could see their parents' heartache,” they say. They could also see that the boy's parents refused to give up on him, in the same way their parents had refused. “As they say, that was it,” they say. They swung their entire career toward autism.
In the three decades since, autism has gone from obscurity to painful familiarity. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that about 1 in 110 children in the United States are autistic. Yet the disorder remains enigmatic. “Every turn of my research has been about figuring out how this thing began,” Courchesne says. Gradually they built up a picture of the autistic brain from infancy to adulthood, zeroing in on a crucial distinction between those who have autism and those who don't.
As they develop, autistic brains bloom with an overabundance of neurons, Courchesne finds. It might sound like bad news, implying that autism is rooted in such a fundamental change to the structure of the brain that there's no hope of undoing it. But Courchesne says their findings could lead to key treatments in years to come.
Back when Courchesne began their work, the notion of a neuroscientist studying autism seemed a bit odd. Many researchers considered the disorder a psychological problem, perhaps the result of bad mothering. “It was a medieval way of thinking,” Courchesne says. As time went on, they became convinced that autism was not only a neurological disorder but more specifically a developmental disease that altered the structure of the nervous system as it matured.
Scientists had done a few anatomical studies on the autistic brain, but the results were ambiguous. Even normal brains can vary enormously in size and structure, so it was hard to see what, if anything, set autistic brains apart. To push past this confusion, Courchesne needed to look at a much larger sample of brains.
In 1988 they sought out parents of autistic children and got their permission to have the children lie in MRI scanners so they could take high-resolution anatomical pictures of their brains. Then they used computers to mark the boundaries of different brain regions and estimate their volume. The subjects spanned a wide range of ages, from adults down to toddlers as young as 2. Courchesne did not scan infants, but they went back through medical records to look at the circumference of the heads of their volunteers since birth.
Courchesne hoped to find something, anything, that set the autistic subjects apart. “We didn't know what it might be or where it might be found,” they say. “We didn't know if it would come on in the youngest stages or older. It was wide open.”
Image caption The government is targeting 90% superfast broadband coverage by 2015
A £1.1bn funding gap means the government's targets for broadband are unlikely to be met, says a report by the London School of Economics.
The government wants 100% access to fast broadband services and 90% access to superfast services by 2015.
The report says the government should do more to ensure that underinvestment does not harm the UK economy.
A rise in broadband penetration of 10% can lead to a 0.9%-1.5% boost in GDP per capita, the report adds.
The cost of meeting the targets will be £2.4bn but funding for broadband from all public sources amounts to a total of £1.3bn, according to the LSE report, which was sponsored by customer management software company Convergys. That leaves an estimated £1.1bn gap that private investors will be expected to fill, it says.
"The government target of 100% coverage by basic broadband by 2015 is likely to be met, but it is less clear when the government targets of 90% coverage by superfast broadband, and 100% coverage by fast broadband, are likely to be met," the report says.
The LSE defines "basic" broadband as services offering speeds of up to 2Mbps. "Fast" broadband ranges from 2Mbps to 24Mbps, and "superfast" exceeds 24Mbps.
Paolo Dini, one of the report's authors, said the government should spend more on broadband given the economic benefits it could bring.
"In this year's budget the government allocated £200bn for transport infrastructure and £50m to broadband. That doesn't seem quite right."
But a spokesperson for the Department for Culture, Media and Sport denied the targets were likely to be missed.
"We are confident of completing the roll-out by 2015. All local authorities except two met the government's timeline by submitting their initial broadband plans on time," they said.
"We have always been clear this investment will not meet the full cost but will help make it economically viable for telecoms companies to roll out broadband to areas that would otherwise be left behind."
Big spender
Oliver Johnson, chief executive of Point Topic, a broadband research company, said the report's figures matched their own estimates for broadband spending: "There is definitely a funding gap. It's unlikely that the targets will be met."
But they said that the UK was spending a significant amount on broadband compared with other European countries.
"The UK is in the top two or three in terms of central spend and commitment to achieve comprehensive coverage. We are actually not doing too badly, although the whole of the western hemisphere lags behind Asia in this regard."
The UK comes 17th in a global ranking of broadband penetration - the number of broadband lines per 100 population - according to Point Topic research. It says the UK's figure of 34.75% at the end of 2011 is behind neighbours including France, Belgium and The Netherlands, but just ahead of Germany, Canada and the US.
But the UK ranks 31st in terms of the penetration of fibre-based services, a technology used to provide "superfast" services.
For some time now, the radical left has been dipping its toes in the waters of universal basic income (or unconditional basic income, depending on who you talk to). The idea is exactly as it sounds: the government would give every citizen – working or not – a fixed sum of money every week or month, with no strings attached. As time goes on, universal basic income (UBI) has gradually been transitioning from the radical left into the mainstream: it's Green party policy, is picking up steam among SNP and Labour MPs and has been advocated by commentators including this newspaper's very own John Harris.
Supporters of the idea got a boost this week with the news that the Finnish government has piloted the idea with 2,000 of its citizens with very positive results. Under the scheme, the first of its kind in Europe, participants receive €560 (£473) every month for two years without any requirements to fill in forms or actively seek work. If anyone who receives the payment finds work, their UBI continues. Many participants have reported “decreased stress, greater incentives to find work and more time to pursue business ideas.” In March, Ontario in Canada started trialling a similar scheme.
Given that UBI necessarily promotes universalism and is being pursued by liberal governments rather than overtly rightwing ones, it's tempting to view it as an inherently leftwing conceit. In January, MEPs voted to consider UBI as a solution to the mass unemployment that might result from robots taking over manual jobs.
The Greens endorse a universal basic income. Others need to follow | Jonathan Bartley Read more
But UBI also has some unlikely supporters, most prominent among them the neoliberal Adam Smith Institute – Sam Bowman, the thinktank's executive director, wrote in 2013: “The ideal welfare system is a basic income, replacing the existing anti-poverty programmes the government carries out.” They added that UBI would result in a less “paternalistic” government.
From this perspective, UBI could be rolled out as a distinctly rightwing initiative. In fact it does bear some similarity to the government's shambolic universal credit scheme, which replaces a number of benefits with a one-off, lower, monthly payment (though it goes only to people already on certain benefits, of course). In the hands of the right, UBI could easily be seen as a kind of universal credit for all, undermining the entire benefits system and providing justification for paying the poorest a poverty income.
In fact, can you imagine what UBI would be like if it were rolled out by this government, which only yesterday promised to fight a ruling describing the benefits cap as inflicting “real misery to no good purpose”?
Despite the fact that the families who brought a case against the government had children too young to qualify for free childcare, the Department for Work and Pensions still perversely insisted that “the benefit cap incentivises work”. It's not hard to imagine UBI being administered by the likes of A4e (now sold and renamed PeoplePlus), which carried out back-to-work training for the government, and saw six of its employees receive jail sentences for defrauding the government of £300,000. UBI cannot be a progressive initiative as long as the people with the power to implement it are hostile to the welfare state as a whole.
What's needed is not the arbitrary adoption of UBI, but a conversation about what a welfare state is for
In their incendiary book Inventing the Future, the authors Alex Williams and Nick Srnicek argue for UBI but link it to three other demands: collectively controlled automation, a reduction in the working week, and a diminution of the work ethic. Williams and Srnicek believe that without these other provisions, UBI could essentially act as an excuse to get rid of the welfare state.
What's needed is not the arbitrary adoption of UBI, but an entirely different conversation about what a welfare state is for. As David Lammy MP said, after the Grenfell Tower disaster: “This is about whether the welfare state is just about schools and hospitals or whether it is about a safety net.” The conversation, in light of UBI, could go even further: it's possible for the welfare state not just to act as a safety net, but as a tool for all of us to do less work and spend more time with our loved ones, pursuing personal interests or engaging in our communities.
UBI has this revolutionary potential – but not if it is simply parachuted into a political economy that has been pursuing punitive welfare policies for the last 30 years.
On everything from climate change and overpopulation to yawning inequality and mass automation, modern western economies face unprecedented challenges. These conditions are frightening but they also open up the possibility of the kind of radical policies we haven't seen since the postwar period. UBI could be the start of this debate, but it must not be the end.
OTTAWA — Justin Trudeau should be standing up to Donald Trump, NDP Leader Tom Mulcair said Tuesday as they urged the prime minister to push back against the U.S. president's newly enshrined support for the Keystone XL pipeline.
Keystone XL is the perfect opportunity for Trudeau to show a little resistance to the infamously protectionist Trump, Mulcair said in advance of a strategy session with their fellow New Democrat caucus members.
Trump catapulted Keystone back into the headlines with the stroke of a pen Tuesday as they signed an executive order offering pre-emptive — and highly conditional — support for a pipeline rejected by the Obama administration over environmental concerns.
Moving ahead with it would be a “massive error” for Canada, said Mulcair, who pointed out the Liberal government has already given its conditional approval to the Kinder Morgan line in B.C. and Enbridge's Line 3 between Alberta and Manitoba.
They urged Trudeau to explain how supporting the TransCanada project aligns with the Liberal government's climate change goals, as well as the prime minister's stated belief that pipelines approved by the Conservative government were not subjected to proper environmental review.
“Mr. Trudeau, who was in favour of Keystone XL — is they actually going to approve that?” Mulcair said in an interview, pointing to Canada's international commitments on reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Trump has in the past described climate change as a fraud invented by the Chinese, Mulcair noted.
“We can't let all of the bluster of Trump let us forget the essential aspect of the environment and greenhouse gas emissions and climate change.”
It wasn't immediately clear whether Trudeau even has any ability at this stage to change the government's mind on Keystone XL, which won federal blessing from the previous Conservative government long before it got held up in the U.S.
In a statement, the federal Natural Resources Department trotted out some familiar boilerplate about Canada's “biggest trading partner and closest friend,” noting that the federal government has already signed off on the project.
“All Canadian regulatory approvals are in place and it will now fall to TransCanada to determine its next steps.”
It's unlikely Trudeau could change course on Keystone XL even if they wanted to, said Queen's University energy expert Warren Mabee.
“It really doesn't seem likely that our government … could do what Mr. Mulcair is suggesting,” Mabee said. Much of the northern stretch of the pipeline has already been built, they added.
Despite Mulcair's unapologetic assessments of Trump in the past — they have variously called them “bombastic” and a “fascist” — the New Democrats found strange bedfellows with the U.S. administration when it pulled the plug on the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
“Frankly, I'm not sorry to see it go,” Mulcair said.
None of that appears to have changed the NDP's overall opinion of the new U.S. president, particularly among some of the caucus members who are considered potential candidates in a leadership race that has yet to fully coalesce.
“Donald Trump is absolutely an extremist,” said B.C. MP Peter Julian. “We need to speak out against the kind of sexist, racist, homophobic attitudes that they often seem to promote.”
Manitoba MP Niki Ashton took issue with their decision to approve another contentious pipeline project Tuesday: the Dakota Access line, which has galvanized a national protest movement across the U.S. amid fears of the impact on the water supply for the nearby Standing Rock Sioux in North Dakota.
“Today we saw them take a stand … against indigenous rights in support of Dakota Access and we are not even a week in,” said Ashton, clad in a “Stand with Standing Rock” T-shirt.
The NDP caucus meetings continue through Thursday.
The Fox Nation and Hot Air.com have seized on a Wall Street Journal article that described how a Marine in Afghanistan consulted a member of the judge advocate general (JAG) corps about the legality of an air strike in order to falsely suggest President Obama initiated a policy where troops in battle would have to call "lawyers for permission to kill terrorists." In fact, news reports indicate that the practice was already in place during the Bush administration.
Hot Air.com, The Fox Nation suggest Obama started policy of consulting lawyers before strikes
HotAir.com: "Obama's rules of engagement: Calling lawyers for permission to kill terrorists." In a HotAir.com blog post titled, "Obama's rules of engagement: Calling lawyers for permission to kill terrorists," right-wing blogger Patterico wrote: "When we have the terrorists in our crosshairs, we are still calling the lawyers to ask permission to fire....Quite literally." They then quoted a Wall Street Journal article that "highlights the infuriating rules of engagement that we are operating under in Afghanistan." The Wall Street Journal reported:
When Capt. Zinni spotted the four men planting the booby trap on the afternoon of Feb. 17, the first thing they did was call their lawyer. "Judge!" they yelled. Capt. Matthew Andrew, judge advocate for 1st Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment, advises the battalion about when it is legal to order the airstrikes. They examined the figures on the video feed closely. "I think you got it," Capt. Andrew said, giving the OK for the strike.
The Fox Nation: "Obama's Army? Calling Lawyers for Permission to Kill Terrorists." The Fox Nation linked to the HotAir.com post with the title, "Obama's Army? Calling Lawyers for Permission to Kill Terrorists." From The Fox Nation:
But news reports show troops consulted "combat lawyers" during the Bush administration too
2003: Christian Science Monitor: "Squads of 'combat lawyers'...have been deployed to the war zone." A Christian Science Monitor article by Brad Knickerbocker from March 14, 2003 (accessed via Nexis) describes how judge advocates were being deployed to war zones to assess the legality of air strikes. From the article:
More than ever, collateral damage and friendly fire - the downside of the likely "shock and awe" approach to war with Iraq - is a key part of Pentagon planning these days. New technologies, some of them untried in combat, are being deployed. The services are training to work together better than before. And squads of "combat lawyers" from the Judge Advocate Corps (JAG) have been deployed to the war zone to help make sure that targets of aerial bombing are allowed under international law and accepted rules of combat.
2003: U.S. Combat attorney: "[I]t is a lawyer's responsibility to advise the commander as they conduct their missions." On the March 19, 2003 edition of MSNBC's The Abrams Report, U.S. Army combat attorney Teresa Raymond discussed how lawyers are embedded with soldiers and "advise the commander as they conduct their missions that make sure that we're staying within" the rules of engagement. From the transcript (accessed via Nexis):
DANA LEWIS, NBC NEWS CORRESPONDENT (on camera): I'm in Camp New York where the 101st Airborne is based over the last week. We've been showing you soldiers firing weapons, rehearsing for war, and what a lot of people don't realize is that embedded in with the soldiers are a platoon-size group of lawyers. Some 26 lawyers and Captain Teresa Raymond is part of that. How do lawyers get involved with the commanders who are planning, you know, pulling the trigger on Iraq? CAPT. TERESA RAYMOND, U.S. ARMY COMBAT ATTORNEY: Well, Mr. Lewis, actually the lawyers are an interval part of the planning process. The United States Army has set rules of engagement by the president of the United States. It outlines how we are going to conduct ourselves in a war. And it is a lawyer's responsibility to advise the commander as they conduct their missions that make sure that we're staying within those confines. LEWIS: I've seen you in some of the mission planning sessions where there are maps and there are targets out on the wall and you're saying to the commander, what about those targets? That there are some that you can go after, and there are some that are questionable? RAYMOND: Absolutely. We have set aside thousands of targets where we have decided that they are very important to the Iraqi public -- places like mosques, schools, museums, things of cultural importance. We are not at war with the Iraqi people and we want to preserve their culture, their heritage, and as much of their infrastructure as possible. So I will tell the commander, look sir, we're treading on dangerous here, we might want to steer away from this. LEWIS: Is there concern, Captain Raymond that Saddam Hussein when war begins may try to use some of those so-called protected targets to their advantage? RAYMOND: Absolutely, yes sir. We think that they are going to put some big guns near some schools, near some other targets that they can anticipate that we don't want to shoot at. LEWIS: It leaves you with some very difficult choices, doesn't it? RAYMOND: Gut-wrenching, gut-wrenching choices. LEWIS: What if somebody fires on you from a hospital or a school? What do you do? RAYMOND: We're going to defend ourselves. We're going to have to. LEWIS: But there's proportion? RAYMOND: Absolutely. We're always going to act proportionately to any threat that's levied against us with as much control over it as we can so that we can preserve as much of the protected targets as possible. LEWIS: And that's where the lawyers stay in the battle. They actually go forward with the battle commanders. They are at the war front and they continue to advise them as the battle develops, even on an hourly basis as that's happening about what they think they should do and how they should conduct themselves as Americans in the battlefield.
2003: Fox News' Judge Napolitano: Military has a "judge advocate general court" who make "judgment calls on the spot." On the March 18, 2003 edition of Fox News' The Big Story with John Gibson (transcript accessed via Nexis), Fox News contributor Judge Andrew Napolitano explained "how 1,500 lawyers will help keep America legal," saying: "Believe it or not, this time around, the Army has 1,500 members, as you said, of the judge advocate general court, just a fancy word for military lawyers. These are officers who also happen to be lawyers with their laptops...Most of what they will be doing is making judgment calls on the spot. There's a mosque there, but there's also a tank in front of the mosque. Can we go for the tank even if we risk destroying the mosque? There are human shields in front of this radar installation. Can we attack it anyway?" Napolitano also reported that the practice of embedding the lawyers in units escalated under Bush. From the transcript (accessed via Nexis):
NAPOLITANO: The lawyers are not going to be running this war. But because of the presence of the media, because any bad things that may happen will be available to the world to watch immediately, the Pentagon is concerned that every effort be made to follow the rules of war. To make sure that civilians aren't intentionally killed and to give military commanders the opportunity, at least to rationalize, is this an appropriate target? Or is not worth what's going to happen even if we do hit the target? JOHN GIBSON (host): Well, look. We all want to not see a repeat of the Melie incident, where we have William Calley mowing down a bunch of innocents. But on the other hand, this sounds a little bit like fighting with a lawyer shackled to your wrist. You know, can I shoot him? No. Can I shoot that one? Yes. Does this make sense, really? Even coming from a judge? NAPOLITANO: Even coming from a judge, I'll tell you the last thing you want is a lawyer telling you which targets to aim at. But, basically, the lawyers will tell the commanders, in advance, what the rules of war are. If human shields go in front of a bona fide military target, it is not illegal to attack that target anyway. And that's the type of advice that lawyers should be giving these commanders. On the other hand, if a military target is of limited value, and will cause great but lawful civilian casualties, the commander might want to think twice. We not only have to win the war, we have to win the peace. But the war must be fought by professional military folks and not by lawyers. GIBSON: Now, wait a minute. Has this ever happened before? Did we ever field an army of lawyers to go along with our army of soldiers? NAPOLITANO: Never of this size. Believe it or not, there were judge advocate generals in the field in World War II, and certainly in the field in Vietnam and certainly in the field in the Gulf War, but never this number. Nor were there this many cameramen in the field recording and broadcasting live everything that's happening. And the military wants to make sure it does the right thing.
2004: Novak: "My sources tell of commanders, despite credible intelligence of enemy forces, calling off air strikes on the advice of JAGs." Conservative columnist Bob Novak criticized the practice in a May 31, 2004 Chicago Sun-Times column (accessed via Nexis). Novak wrote: "It is a strange war, with the JAGs -- Judge Advocate General military lawyers -- given a hand in military decisions. My sources tell of commanders, despite credible intelligence of enemy forces, calling off air strikes on the advice of JAGs. This is the kind of restraint the U.S. military has experienced starting with the Korean War, when as a noncombat Army officer, I knew our forces had their hands tied behind their backs."
2003: Senior Dept. of Defense official: "Every commander at every level has a legal adviser with them because there are laws of armed conflict and there are accepted means of behaving on a battlefield." From a 2003 "Background briefing on Targeting":
FULL STORY
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health researchers are calling upon police in all states to improve their reporting of crashes involving vehicles and bicycles, according to a new study being published April 2, 2015. Currently, details on crashes are handwritten by police on paper and there are few bicycle-relevant codes. The researchers are calling for police to use electronic tablets that would include more options to gather bicycle-specific data, such as drawings of the scene and additional codes that could indicate, for example, if the bicyclist was riding inside a painted bike lane and ran into a driver's open car door. This detailed information about each vehicle/bicycle crash could be automatically uploaded into spreadsheets for later analysis. Analysis, especially when combined with big data, could then guide the building of safer bicycle environments, encouraging more people to cycle, the authors said.
advertisement
The study will be published online April 2, 2015 in Injury Prevention. "Self-driving cars have been invented and apps tell cyclists of approaching vehicles but the vehicle/bicycle crash details are still hand written and drawn on the police crash report template, making crash analysis labor-intensive. To equal other technological advancements and improve the safety of bicyclists, multiple bicycle-crash-scene codes should be created for immediate data entry," said co-author Anne Lusk, research scientist in the Department of Nutrition at Harvard Chan. The researcher's proposal addresses the increase in the number of bicyclists on the road in the U.S. The number of commuters who bike to and from work has risen about 62% from 2000 to 2013. Studies have indicated that if safety of the bicycle environment improved, more individuals would be willing to bike.
advertisement
Story Source: Materials provided by Harvard School of Public Health. Note: Content may be edited for style and length.
Journal Reference: Anne C Lusk, Morteza Asgarzadeh, Maryam S Farvid. Database improvements for motor vehicle/bicycle crash analysis. Injury Prevention, April 2015 DOI: 10.1136/injuryprev-2014-041317
Cite This Page: MLA
APA
Chicago Harvard School of Public Health. "To improve bicycle safety, crash reports need to capture more data." ScienceDaily. ScienceDaily, 2 April 2015. <www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150402183532.htm>. Harvard School of Public Health. (2015, April 2). To improve bicycle safety, crash reports need to capture more data. ScienceDaily. Retrieved February 10, 2019 from www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150402183532.htm Harvard School of Public Health. "To improve bicycle safety, crash reports need to capture more data." ScienceDaily. www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/04/150402183532.htm (accessed February 10, 2019).
Robots may be classified as 'electronic persons' with rights in EU 9:11 AM ET Wed, 22 June 2016 | 00:46
Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as "electronic persons" and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution.
Robots are being deployed in ever-greater numbers in factories and also taking on tasks such as personal care or surgery, raising fears over unemployment, wealth inequality and alienation.
Their growing intelligence, pervasiveness and autonomy requires rethinking everything from taxation to legal liability, a draft European Parliament motion, dated May 31, suggests.
Some robots are even taking on a human form. Visitors to the world's biggest travel show in March were greeted by a lifelike robot developed by Japan's Toshiba and were helped by another made by France's Aldebaran Robotics.
Looking out at the world of technology is exciting. It has a lot of moving parts, and it seems the further you dig into it, the deeper it gets, and then it's turtles all the way down. For that very reason, technology is also overwhelming. Where do you start if you're keen to join in and help shape the way the modern world functions? What's the first step? What's the twentieth step?
The first thing to understand is that open source is open. This might seem obvious, but the phrase "open source" is thrown around so often these days that sometimes people forget it's just a description of a cultural phenomenon, not the name of a Fortune 500 company. Unlike other jobs or groups, you don't have to interview or complete a sign-up sheet or registration form to become an open source programmer. All you do to become an open source programmer is program and then share your code, ideally with a guarantee that the code remains open regardless of how it's used.
That's it. You're an open source programmer!
You now have your destination, but what about the logistics?
Skill trees
Have you ever played an RPG? In these games, there's the concept of linear "skill trees". When you play, you acquire basic skills that you build upon to "level up" and get new skills, which you use to acquire new ones and "level up" again. And so on.
Becoming a programmer is a little like adding to your skill tree. You get some basic skills, you practice them until they're second nature, and then you get new skills, and so on, and then you are progressing along your chosen skill tree.
You'll find you'll encounter more than one skill tree. Open source has many entry points and many individuals with their own unique strengths, talents, and interests. However, certain definable skills contribute to being a great programmer, and developing them is an important part of participating successfully in open source projects.
Scripting
One of the biggest advantages of a POSIX system like Linux or BSD is that every time you use your computer, you've got the opportunity to practice a little programming. If you have no idea where to start programming, then begin with how you work. Find repetitive tasks that you perform every day, and start automating them. This step can be something simple, like converting or re-sizing batches of photos, checking email, or even just getting the five applications you use each day launched with one click. Whatever the task, take the time to automate something for yourself.
If you can do something from a terminal, then it can be scripted. Learn bash or tsch and let system scripting be your introduction to writing code and to how your system works.
Sysadmin
From this point, you can continue on to become a programmer, or you can cross over to a different skill tree entirely: that of systems administration. The two careers have some overlap (a good sysadmin ought to have a little programming experience, and should be ready to wield Python, Perl, or a similar language to develop unique solutions), but a programmer is someone who builds with code day in and day out.
Programmer
Open source is a great way to learn programming skills; you get to look at other people's code, borrow ideas and techniques, learn from their mistakes, get a critique of your own code, and if you use Linux or BSD, the entire stack is open to you—as far as the eye can see, it's all yours for the taking.
That's what the travel brochure says, anyway. The reality is that you're probably not going to start digging into the source code of a project and come out the other side with the sudden realization that you accidentally learned to code. Programming is hard work. If it wasn't, everyone would do it.
Luckily, programming is logical and structured, so it builds upon itself. You might not fall into programming, but the more you poke at it, the more you start to understand it.
Understanding how to control and automate a computer is one thing, but knowing how to write the stuff that other people want to automate is the point that you cross over into the realm of programming.
Polyglot
All programming languages aim to do the same thing: make computers compute. Choosing one is a mix of what you think you want to do, what (if any) language is in common use in the industry you are targeting, and what language you happen to best understand given the materials available to you and your learning style.
With a little bit of research, you can get a good idea of a language's complexity, and then decide what to try first based on your own level of comfort.
Another way to choose a language is to look at your goal, find out if other people are working toward the same thing, and then look at what they're using. If your aim is to develop desktop tools, you might learn C and Vala for one, or C++ for another.
At the end of the day, though, don't get overwhelmed with all the available choices. Languages stack well. Once you learn one programming language well enough to fall back on it when you need to get something done, you'll find it a lot easier to pick up another one. A "language" is just a set of syntax and rules, after all; learn one, and it's fairly trivial to superimpose new rules over the same theory.
The primary goal is to learn a language. Pick the one that makes sense to you or the one that's most appealing to you or the one that your friends are using or the one that has the documentation you understand best, but focus on one and learn it.
Open Whazzit?
Whether or not you're just learning to program or you're an old pro just getting into open source, before jumping head first into this brave new world, you need to learn what makes open source, well, "open source."
Claiming software is open source is the latest marketing approach some software vendors are wielding. Unfortunately, some vendors just mean they've released a public API or that they're receptive ("open") to suggestions from their users. The word "open" isn't trademarked and no committee governs how or when the word is used. However, the Open Source Initiative, co-founded by the late Ian Murdock of Debian Linux, defines what open source means (licenses that "allow software to be freely used, modified, and shared"), and formally approves and tracks licenses deemed truly "open."
Apply one of those licenses to your code, and you're an open source programmer. Congratulations!
Community
Ask any open source enthusiast and they'll tell you the most important thing about open software is the people. Without motivated contributors, software stagnates. Computers need users, bug reporters, designers, and programmers.
If you want to join or cultivate the global open source community, you need to become a part of the community, even if you're not a people person. This usually encompasses subscribing to mailing lists, joining IRC channels, or hopping onto forums, and starting at the bottom of the totem pole. Any mature community has been around long enough to see prospective members come and go, so you have to understand that when you saunter in ready to change their world, before they all agree to your master plan, you have to prove that you're not going to disappear after three months when something sparkly on the other side of the Net catches your eye. Be ready for the long haul if you aspire to something big.
If you're just around to lend a hand, then that's acceptable, too. I myself have submitted small patches to projects, and sometimes the project leads think these are good and other times they reject them. If the rejected patch is important to me, I maintain it for myself and clients, and otherwise I move forward.
It's part of the process.
Where do these communities exist? It depends on the project. Some projects have dedicated community managers who help bring everyone together in public spaces for everyone to see. Other projects form around forums, use mailing lists, or even issue trackers. Look for the communities, and you'll find them.
Just as importantly, though, look at the code! They call it open "source" for a reason, so be sure to find the code and take a peek. Even if it's still above your level of full comprehension, it gives you an idea of how the software project organizes itself and possibly where they might need assistance. How is the code organized? Does the code have comments? Is it tidy with a consistent style? Review the documentation, particularly the README, LICENSE, or COPYING files.
Don't underestimate the importance of following through on the promise of open code. It's the reason you're getting involved, so look at it critically from every angle to see what you can learn from it and how you might contribute.
Finding the best community is a lot like dating, but specifically it's like dating in Groundhog Day. It takes time, and the first couple of tries might fall flat. The more you go through the process, the more you start to feel déjà vu. Eventually, though, you learn enough about yourself and your interests, you find the right combination of other people, and you settle in somewhere. Have patience, and let it happen naturally.
Actions > Words
Being an open source programmer is about the code (the "source" part of open source), and ideas are a dime a dozen. What speaks volumes is producing. You need to show you know what you're doing, willing to get your hands dirty, spend your time on the project, and can back up your ideas with something that compiles.
To do that effectively, of course, you should do your homework on the project itself, including learning how a project prefers to receive submissions and which branches are the stable and development ones.
To approach getting started:
Get familiar with a project and its development culture, and be respectful of it.
Write patches, bug fixes, or small, requested features, and submit them.
Don't get discouraged if your work is rejected. You are not being rejected personally, your work was evaluated and the development team made a call.
Don't get discouraged if your work is accepted, but changed beyond recognition.
Rinse, repeat, and try new and bigger changes.
There is no leaderboard in open source. Some sites try to make it seem like they have such a thing, but there isn't one. Participate, contribute, add to the pool of ideas, add to the stash of commits, and you're doing it right.
Develop
Programming in any environment is always, ultimately, about personal development. Whether you're searching for new ways of solving problems, looking for new ways to optimize code, learning a new language, or learning how to deal with other people better, you never want to stop growing. The more you develop yourself, the more a project benefits.
Growth, both personal and professional, is the final one on the list, but it actually persists through the entire process. Becoming an open source programmer isn't like getting a government job; it's a process. You learn, you share, you keep learning, you get distracted and write a Game of Life implementation, and you learn some more.
This process is what open source is about: the freedom to develop, in every sense of the word. So go find your skill tree, choose your superpowers, pay your dues, level up, and get involved.
One problem two solutions.
I sidste uge fik I jo den første af mine 3 forslag til hindre sammenkludrede ledninger (se idéen her). Hvis I ikke allerede har været inde på Buzzfeed og set de sidste, får I dem her, lad os gå igang.
Last week I showed you the first of my three cord organizers ideas (see the first idea here). They were made as a contribution for Buzzfeed so if you haven't already seen them let's bring it on.
1. Du skal bruge følgende: Saks, tekstillim, 2 nøgleringe og en rest læder.
2. Klip et stykke lædersnøre og to identiske stykker læder, som vist på fotoet.
3. Påfør lim langs kanterne pånær et par millimeter i toppen af hvert stykke, din lædersnøre skal kunne passere them Pres de to stykker sammen.
4. Fæstn snøren om den ene nøglering som vist på foto.
5. Put snøre gennem læderlommen og fæstn den sidste nøglering.
6. Placer din ledning i nøgleringen.
7. Træk i den øverste nøglering.
1. Collect your supplies. You'll need a pair of scissors, fabric glue, two key rings and a scrap of leather.
2. Start by cutting a leather cord and two identical pieces. As shown on the photo.
3. Add glue along the edges. Do not apply glue in the middle of the top, the cord goes here. Place the two layers on top of each other.
4. Tie the cord by folding one piece in half then thread through the key ring. Loop through and pull tight.
5. Pull the cord through the top of the leather pouch. Tie the second key ring.
6. Put your cord in the key ring.
7. Pull the top key ring.
En simpel og nem opbevaring til dine ledninger, som endda kan sættes sammen med dine nøgler.
Now you've made a simple keychain for your cords.
Næste idé, små bøjelige pile til at holde styr på ledningerne.
Next idea, simple arrows to twist around your cords.
1. Du skal bruge følgende: Saks, stoflim, et stykke bonzai tråd, en tang samt læderrester.
2. Start med at klippe to identiske pile i læderet. Afkort et stykke bonzaitråd i samme længde som pilene.
3. Påfør lim på bagsiden af læderstykkerne.
4. Placer bonzaitråden mellem de to læderstykker og pres lagene sammen.
1. Collect your supplies. You'll need a pair of scissors, fabric glue, a piece of bonzai wire, a (pliers) and a scrap of leather.
2. Start by cutting two identical arrows with your scissors. Cut a piece of wire same length as the arrows.
3. Apply glue to the underside of the leather.
4. Place the wire between the two leather pieces. Press the layers together.
Så er der blot tilbage at sno pilene rundt om ledningerne.
Just twist the arrow around your cord and you're done!
Håber det var en hjælp til at organisere ledningerne – Også håber jeg I får en rigtig dejlig afslutning på ugen og er klar til at træde ind i en herlig sommermåned. Hvis alt går vel, håber jeg på, at kunne vise jer indenfor i nye omgivelser i næste uge, ja en lille teaser…:-)
I hope you liked the ideas, no more organizing at the moment, only behind the blog… If all goes as planned I hope to reveal brand-new surroundings for you next week, I'm so excited:-) Enjoy the weekend.
Larry Summers recently said something startling: “At this moment . . . the share of public investment in GDP, adjusting for depreciation, so that's net share, is zero. Zero. We're not net investing at all, nor is Western Europe,” they told a Princeton University audience.
In other words, total federal, state, and local government investment is enough to cover only the amount of wear and tear on bridges, roads, airports, rails, and pipes. “Can that possibly make sense?” asked the former Treasury secretary, who has been campaigning for more government spending on infrastructure.
I wondered whether Mr. Summers was hyping the data to make their point. So I checked. Net federal public investment spending, both defense and non-defense, in 2013 (the latest year for which data are available) works out to zero as a percentage of gross domestic product, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis's National Income and Product Accounts tables. Non-defense investment spending, which was nearly 1% of GDP in the mid-1960s – and hasn't come close to that since–was about $9.8 billion in 2013, or a paltry 0.06% of GDP. Mr. Summers wasn't exaggerating.
Those BEA tables proved more interesting than I anticipated. For instance:
As shown in the chart above, the bulk of government investment in the U.S. is done at the state and local levels, not by Washington. That spending soared in the housing boom years before the financial crisis, when state and local governments were flush. It collapsed in 2010.
Net federal defense investment rises and falls with the Pentagon budget, not surprisingly. In 2013, the U.S. wasn't spending enough on defense to offset wear and tear on its equipment. (The BEA relies on the Defense Department for depreciation estimates.)
Net federal investment spending outside of defense peaked in the late 1960s (at $45 billion in today's dollars). It hit $28 billion in 2010 (presumably reflecting the 2009 fiscal stimulus spending) and dropped to $10.3 billion in 2013, the lowest level since 1958. (BEA estimates the depreciation, or wear and tear, of most government assets by using estimates for similar privately owned assets where possible. It puts the service life of highways at 45 years.)
All this is happening at a time when the U.S. government can borrow money at very low interest rates: 2.2% for 10 years, 2.8% for 30 years. It would seem a good time for the government to borrow for long-term investments, as Mr. Summers frequently says.
Infrastructure spending, highways in particular, used to be popular with both Republicans and Democrats in Congress. But, as the flap over the Highway Trust Fund and the gasoline tax indicate, any infrastructure spending bill is trapped by partisan gridlock and distrust. That accounts for at least some of the increasing appetite at the state and local levels for public-private partnerships. But the Obama administration has argued that “Private capital is not a substitute for public investment.” The president is pressing a reluctant Congress to spend more on infrastructure.
There is good reason to worry about the size of the debt we are bequeathing to the next generation: The U.S. government has made promises to pay future health and retirement benefits that exceed the tax revenues the current tax code will produce.
But we won't be doing the next generation any favors by bequeathing crumbling asphalt and leaky water and sewer pipes–and a huge bill for deferred maintenance.
Cyberpower Crushes Coup
Rewriting the rulebook on coups, time to add cyberpower
thaddeus t. grugq Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 16, 2016
Turkish Tank Man is what a failing coup looks like.
Mere hours after the putsch in Turkey has failed, it is still too early to understand exactly what went on. Given those constraints, I still want to discuss something which has altered “the game” so much that the existing guidebook needs to be significantly revised.
I am not a military strategist, but I have lived through a couple coups in Thailand, so I have some first-hand experience of what they look like. The guide book to running a coup is still Luttwak's Coup d'État, but it needs to be revised to reflect the use of cyberpower. In the same vein, people who talk about cyberpower need to understand what it actually is (hint: it isn't a stockpile of exploits, it's the ability to create and maintain advantage.)
The Good Coup Guide
A coup is basically a sucker punch. The trick is to end the fight before it even begins. The members of the coup are in the minority and a long drawn out fight, even if they win, will not have the trappings of legitimacy or stability. The goal is to have a rapid attack against the existing leadership and replace them before anyone knows what happened. At the same time, the general population needs to be kept out of the way, because large groups of civilians complicate things to no end.
Essentially, the existing leaders need to be removed from positions of power and their ability to coordinate and organise a resistance must be blocked. This is easier when there are only a few means of mass communication (e.g the TV station, or the radio station.)
Keys To A Successful Putsch
The basic process is something like the following, preferably all at the same time:
Detain the existing leadership (failing that, act when they are unable to mount an effective defence, e.g. outside the country)
Seize the mass communication channels, such as TV and radio stations (to prevent any elements of the leadership coordinating an effective defense)
Restrict freedom of assembly, speech, and movement, to hinder the ability of the opposition to mount an effective defense
Finally, keep troops on the street to maintain “order” while everyone gets used to having a new ruling class
Everything has to be done quickly to minimize the period of vulnerability — from when the coup begins until it has achieved mission success (the majority of people accept them as the new rulers.)
Coups I Have Known
Coups I have experienced that “worked.”
Thailand, 2006
The prime minister was out of the country giving a talk at the UN. The military rolled in at night, seized Bangkok and attempted to lock down the TV stations. The PM called in to some stations in an attempt to tell the population that the coup would fail, they were still in charge, etc. The military, unable to capture all the possible means of communication, simply cut off power to the city. A night in Bangkok without AC (or knowing what is going on) is not much fun, let me tell you.
Unable to coordinate a resistance, the next week or so had a heavy military presence on the street. It was very nice and quiet, Thais called it “smooth as silk.”
Thailand, 2014
In 2014, the Thai military gathered the political leaders together for several days of talks, and then detained them en masse. The army was already on the streets, but they also took over all the TV stations, briefly shut down Facebook, and began detaining people for week long “attitude adjustments.” The Bangkok population was mostly eager for the coup to finally happen, because it ended the political turmoil (“mobs”), and brought the implied promise of a quick transition to civilian government not controlled by the PM ousted in 2006 (see above.) Again, the coup itself was very smooth, there wasn't much organised resistance and the opposition leadership was neutralized while the population accepted the new leaders.
Mobile Messengers, What Can't They Do?
The coup in Turkey was organized and coordinated using an end-to-end encrypted messenger (WhatsApp), and the call to defence was sent out via an end-to-end encrypted messenger (FaceTime). The future is amazing.
Opening Gambit
Classic Coup Opening Move
The putsch takes over the main TV station (TRT) has the newsreader read a statement announcing the coup is “to reinstall the constitutional order, democracy, human rights and freedoms, to ensure that the rule of law once again reigns in the country, for law and order to be reinstated.” They also order the people to stay indoors.
This is very standard stuff. Take over the means of mass communication and keep the civilians out of the way so they can't interfere.
Don't Forget The Cyber
But, this is the era of cyberpower. Simply taking over the TV stations is not enough. The Internet is a more powerful means of communication than TV, and it is more resilient — especially with a sophisticated population. The Turks are experienced at handling attempts to cut their access to social media, and the putsch never even took over the ISPs.
The failure to block the Internet meant that the coup was battling a leadership that still had a very powerful capability: cyberpower. The ability to push out information that allowed them to coordinate a defence. In addition, both Twitter's Periscope and Facebook Live allowed civilians to share their experiences, disseminate information, and build moral support for direct action.
It is an Intelligence service axiom that intelligence is of no value if not disseminated. Facebook Live, Twitter, and Periscope, provide a means of real time raw intelligence collection and dissemination. The civilian population is able to stay informed and make individual decisions, that collectively, can alter the course of events.
That's Not a Cyberweapon
This Is A Cyberweapon
Erdoğan left their holiday hotel and boarded a jet. This kept them out of the clutches of the putsch, and therefore free to organize and coordinate a defense. However, without access to the TV stations (he was on a plane, after all) they turned to cyberpower as a means to deliver their message and organise a resistance.
This Is What Using Cyberpower Looks Like
Erdoğan's call to the people to take to the streets and protect democracy and their country was successful. They were able to rally support using FaceTime (video calling) to TV stations, all from their jet above Turkey.
Their calls where shown live on at least two channels, and later the mosques took up the call and were used to help organize resistance.
Update: the coup did attempt to throttle the Internet, but Erdoğan ordered the throttling removed. This happened even before the mosques took up the call to the squares.
Cyberpower is structural
Today, the TV and radio are not the only means available to get information to people. The Turkish putsch took over some TV stations and did the standard coup style announcement: “we're doing this for you, blah blah blah.” But they failed to eliminate the Internet, and any blocking that they were able to do was ineffective. In no small part because the Turkish people have spent years learning how to circumvent the social media blockades that Erdoğan has put in place at various times. This made the population resilient against attempts to mitigate the cyber weapons they deployed.
FaceTime Is A Cyberweapon
The Turkish people turned out in droves, watching what was happening over Twitter and Facebook and then flooding the streets to stop the tanks. Videos of Turks fighting the putsch were circulating online less than an hour after the FaceTime call.
The putsch's “sucker punch” had failed — they failed to neutralize the leadership (Erdoğan was alive and free), and they failed to undermine their ability establish a counter narrative and organise a resistance.
A coup succeeds when people believe it has succeeded. The video call from Erdoğan calling for active resistance and the videos of people successfully resisting the tanks were the beginning of the end.
And Scene…
Lessons Learned
What should we learn about taking over a country with a coup in the modern age? Don't ignore the cyber. Here are a few key things to consider which can effectively neutralize cyberweapons during a putsch:
The mother of twins who were abused allegedly by their nanny is speaking out about the videos that captured the attacks.A nanny camera captured shocking images of Dana Cash allegedly shaking a 1-year-old girl."I was appalled," the mother said.The mother, who didn't want to be identified, said they first found the video after their 8-year-old son witnessed the attack and told them about it."He knew. They knew it was wrong," they said.After the mom found the video and watched it for herself, they showed it to Cash."She puts their head down and says 'I made a mistake.' I said, 'That's not a mistake. That's not a mistake you're allowed to make.' They were fired," the mother said. "It took all of me not to want to physically hurt her." Cash was then arrested by San Bernardino County Sheriff's deputies on suspicion of child abuse.  They are now out on bail."They asked me to review any additional footage to see if I found other incidents involving my other children," the mother said.And they did. The mother said they found videos of Cash putting their hand over the mouth of their 1-year-old son, and over the mouth of their twin sister."I'm angry inside, and I'm hurt and part of me feels guilty because I hired her," the mother said.The family says they used the website care.com to hire Cash, and they appeared to have a clean record in background checks."We went there thinking that we'd find more quality people. I didn't," the mother said.She hopes their story encourages other parents to install nanny cams, and to listen to their kids."I praise my son for that. Had they not said anything, I wouldn't have known," the mother said.Care.com spokesperson Nancy Bushkin addressed the issue in a statement to Eyewitness News on Monday night:"We are deeply troubled by this incident and our thoughts are with the family. The safety of the Care.com community is of paramount importance to us and we have implemented a number of safety features to help families find quality care providers and create a safe environment for all of our members. We will be reaching out to local authorities to assist them in any way we can."Authorities told Eyewitness News that since Cash is out on bail, they could potentially apply for another job as a nanny. They are urging local residents to use caution when hiring nannies.
Though growing evidence implicates both melatonin (MLT) and its immediate precursor N-acetylserotonin (NAS) in the regulation of hippocampal neurogenesis, their comparative mechanistic relationship with core behavioural correlates of psychiatric disorders is largely unknown. To address this issue, we investigated the ability of these indoleamines to mitigate the behavioral phenotypes associated with NMDA-receptor (NMDAR) hypofunction in mice. We demonstrated that exogenous MLT and NAS treatments attenuated the NMDAR antagonist (ketamine) induced immobility in the forced swim test (FST) but not the classical striatum-related hyperlocomotor activity phenotype. The MLT/NAS-mediated protection of the phenotype in FST could be correlated to the ability of these indoleamines to counteract the deleterious effects of chronic ketamine on pro-survival molecular events by restoring the activities in MEK-ERK and PI3K-AKT pathways in the hippocampus. MLT seems to modulate these pathways by promoting accumulation of the mature form of BDNF above the control (vehicle-treated) levels, perhaps via MLT receptor-dependent mechanisms and in the process overcoming the ketamine-induced down-regulation of BDNF. In contrast, NAS appears to partly restore the ketamine-induced decrease of BDNF to the control levels. In spite of this fundamental difference in modulating BDNF levels in the upstream events, both MLT and NAS seem to overlap in the TrkB-induced downstream pro-survival mechanisms in the hippocampus, providing protection against NMDAR-hypofunction related cellular events. Perhaps, this also signifies the physiological importance of robust MLT synthesizing machinery that converts serotonin to MLT, in ensuring positive impact on hippocampus-related symptoms in psychiatric disorders.
In an interview with GamesRadar, Microsoft's Kudo Tsunoda spoke about Xbox One and the coming months, and how they think that Microsoft is going to be dominating “the competition” with its new exclusive titles. They state, “I think if you look at our competition there's no way that people can really stack up with our exclusive content, and that's an amazing part of what we're doing at Xbox.” Clearly, Tsunoda is referring to the Sony PlayStation 4 (and perhaps the Nintendo Wii too).
“You can see that what we're focused on is just delivering high value for our gaming fans – and I think a big part of that is just listening to fan feedback, which we'll always continue to do. I think it's amazing, and this is just a job that you can see us doing in things evolving here at E3; the amount of big, blockbuster, exclusive titles that you can get this holiday on Xbox is just stunning. I mean, it's really amazing,” Tsunoda adds further.
­
Xbox certainly does have a decent haul of exclusives this Holiday season, most notably with Halo 5 and Rise of the Tomb Raider, and Xbox owners should be ecstatic about the coming lineup. That being said, when it comes down to it, both Xbox One and PS4 have significant exclusives that should make folks on either console happy. With PS4 owners enjoying exclusive Destiny content, games like Until Dawn and the incoming Uncharted 4 release, Xbox owners should still definitely be looking forward to Tomb Raider and Halo.
Statements like these only serve to further divide a community that should be united in its love of a medium, and they should be taken with a grain of salt, acknowledged as the rhetoric of somebody trying to boost sales for their company's console.
Share This
Further reading: Microsoft
Nassau County police are investigating an attempted abduction at the Green Acres Mall in Valley Stream.The victim, whose identity we are withholding, decided to get some holiday shopping out of the way after dropping their two older children off at school. But their quick errands soon turned into a nightmare.She told authorities that they were in Kohl's with their 18-month-old baby when they needed to change their diaper, and so they went to the bathroom to change him. The family room was locked, so they went into the women's room.Soon after they walked in and laid their baby down, they say a woman described as being in their mid-40s with a hat and a lot of layered clothing walked in. They say the woman noticed the child and commented that they were a "beautiful baby.""The feeling that I got in my chest and my stomach told me that something was wrong, that I was in danger or they were in danger," they said.She did not respond and continued changing their son's diaper, while the woman, according to the police report, started opening all the bathroom stalls to see if anyone else was in the bathroom. Then, as the victim was leaving the bathroom, they say the woman came toward them telling them to give them the baby, even grabbing the boy's arm."She had come close, very, very close to me," they said. "I kind of put my hand up to stop them from getting too close, and they said, 'Give me the baby.'"The victim told police they hit the woman's arm and pushed them away, running out of the bathroom and into two women who asked if they were OK."She took their forearm, and I felt them pull back towards me," they said. "I didn't hit them or anything. I just pushed their arm away, and I said, 'No!'...When they touched my child, I felt like I'm in a dangerous situation, and if I don't get out this bathroom, they are either going to hurt me or hurt him."Security and police responded to the scene, and security footage showed the suspect accompanied by a man in a business suit who directed them to follow the victim into the bathroom.The two left together in a taxi shortly after the incident, according to police.The victim is now hoping others will be vigilant and aware of their surroundings."You just have to be aware all the time," they said.Anyone with information is asked to call police.
Aedes aegypti mosquitoes are seen at the Laboratory of Entomology and Ecology of the Dengue Branch of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in San Juan, March 6, 2016. REUTERS/Alvin Baez
CHICAGO (Reuters) - The Florida health department said on Wednesday it was investigating another two cases of Zika not related to travel to a place where the virus is being transmitted, raising the possibility of local Zika transmission in the continental United States.
The Florida health department said it has identified an additional case of Zika in Miami-Dade County, where it was already investigating a possible case of Zika not related to travel, and another case in Broward County, where it has been investigating a non-travel related case.
“Evidence is mounting to suggest local transmission via mosquitoes is going on in South Florida,” said CDC spokesperson Tom Skinner said.
“These cases fit similar transmission patterns for mosquito-borne diseases such as Chikungunya that we've seen in South Florida in years past.”
To confirm whether Zika is being transmitted locally, epidemiologists must survey households and neighbors within a 150-yard radius around the residence of the person who has Zika, which constitutes the flying range of the mosquitoes that carry the virus.
According to the U.S. Zika response plan, Zika transmission is defined as two or more cases not due to travel or sex with an infected person that occur in a 1-mile diameter over the course of a month. Evidence of the virus in local mosquito populations can also be used to confirm local transmission.
Florida heath department officials said investigations into the new cases begins today. The state is urging residents and visitors to participate in requests for urine samples by the department in the areas of investigation. These results will help the department determine the number of people affected.
In addition to the possible cases of non-travel related transmission, Florida on Wednesday reported 328 travel-related cases of Zika. The state is monitoring 53 pregnant women who had Zika infections.
Advertisement
"The issue will be resolved and construction of Ram Mandir will begin from 2018. "We must take the help of the United States and Israel. "I am pressing for my fundamental right to worship," they said, while answering queries raised by media persons. "If Muslims support ISIS, it will ultimately wipe out their religion," they said.Calling Pakistan a factory of terrorism, they said in today's situation India, Israel and the United States should stick together to fight terror. VADODARA: Construction of Ram Mandir at Ayodhya will begin in 2018, this is what firebrand BJP Rajya Sabha member Subramanian Swamy claimed here on Sunday.Swamy, who was in the city to attend functions organized by Bharat Vikas Parishad (BVP) and The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), said they will move Supreme Court again in July this year.
It was one month ago when we showed how, thanks to a lot of statistical sleights of hand, Japan had completely "revised" one year of increasing nominal base wages to declining or flat at best, confirming that all the much-touted wage "improvements" heading into the Japanese election of late 2014 in which Abe was reelected by a wide margin had been purposefully fabricated to give the impression that Abenomics is working, when in reality it was... well, see the pre- and post-revision data for yourselves:
If that had been the full extent of Japan's labor data fabrication we would speak no more of it, however the rabbit hole goes much, much deeper.
As a reminder, in Japan where the Nikkei has been soaring ever since the Bank of Japan decided to crush the Japanese Yen the one missing component from the promised Abenomics recovery has been wage growth, because without rising wages there can be no sustained benign inflation of the kind that the Keynesian brains behind Abenomics require proclaiming success.
This is how Goldman summarized what the virtuous feedback loop of rising wages should look like:
The BOJ's ultimate goal is to realize the following positive cycle: Increase in actual prices -> rise in inflation expectations -> wage hikes -> boost to consumer spending / improvement in corporate earnings -> inflation -> rise in inflation expectations -> sustained wage hikes in the corporate sector. The underlying notion is that the pursuit of both high wage growth and high inflation expectation ensures stable inflation
That's the theory. The reality is far different because some two years after the start of Abenomics and the launch of Japan's QE, nominal wages are about where they were when Abenomics started, while indexed real wages have never been lower!
The paradox of Japan's lack of wage increases become particularly glaring when one considers that just like in the US, Japan recently reported a post-Lehman low unemployment rate of just 3.4%, in fact in Japan this was the lowest print since 1997. As the following employment indicators suggest, the Japanese labor market should be tighter than at any point in the 21st century, suggesting wage inflation should be rampant:
In the US the most recent unemployment rate was 5.4%, about as close to full employment as possible, and yet neither in Japan nor in the US has there been any wage improvement.
So how does one explain the paradox of a labor market that at least quantitatively has no further slack and yet where real wage growth has never been lower. Simple, and incidentally the explanation is one which Zero Hedge provided all the way back in 2010 when we charted "America's Transformation To A Part-Time Worker Society."
It turns out that in Japan the answer is the same, only when one peeks beyond the merely quantitative and into the qualitative, it is worse. Much, much worse. As the following chart shows, virtually all the job growth in Japan since the great financial crisis has been thanks to part-time jobs!
This is Goldman's explanation which comes 5 years after our own:
As Exhibit 4 demonstrates, growth in the number of full-time permanent workers has more or less leveled off since the 2008 Global Financial Crisis, whereas the number of part-time workers in Japan has risen consistently over the last decade. Having accounted for 20.3% of Japan's workforce in 2005, part-timers made up 25.1% of the labor market in 2014 (this substantial increase contrasts with far weaker growth in the ratio of nonpermanent full-time workers such as contingent and temporary staff, to 11.5% from 10.3%). Japan's part-time worker ratio now exceeds that of the US and the EU average; nevertheless, the Japanese labor market had been characterized by the high fraction of permanent workers in the past. What this essentially means is that growth in part-time workers has persistently depressed Japan's average wage over the last decade. Exhibit 5 ... illustrates that the decline in average wages due to the shift to part-time labor began in the mid-1990s at the latest and continues to this day. We calculate that growth in part-time labor depresses the average wage by 0.5pp a year.
As a reminder, in the most recent BLS report, part-time jobs in the US once again surged, and have been the only source of incremental job growth since the start of the last recession in December 2007. As we showed, full-time jobs have yet to recover their prior cycle peak, which is the glarinly obvious answer for anyone still surprised why there is no wage gains in the US.
But if you thought the US was bad, in Japan things are - as one would expect of any economy approaching a state of terminal, demographically-facilitated collapse - far, far worse. Back to Goldman:
If companies have been hiring more part-timer workers simply to cut labor costs in line with a slowing economy, then the ratio of part-time workers should in theory fall as the economy recovers, lifting overall wages. In the US, the part-time worker ratio correlates closely with the macro economy (Exhibit 6). In Japan, however, the ratio of part-time workers has risen more or less consistently, suggesting that besides the economic cycle, structural factors are also playing a part.
At this point Goldman's economists do the usual thing and spend days of research investigating an answer that is so simple a five year old can figure it out after a few seconds of contemplation. And sure enough, the primary reason why companies prefer to hire part-time workers over full-timers is, drumroll, they are cheaper.
Finally, recall another persistent theme which sadly only Zero Hedge appears to be focusing on: namely that all the hiring since the Financial Crisis has been for workers 55 and older.
The apologists consistently, and erroneously, explain this with "demographics", even though the participation rate of young workers has collapsed, suggesting it is the younger who simply no longer have a motive or a desire to remain in the work force, while that of old workers has remained largely flat since 2007 as more and more old Americans realize they will never be able to retire under ZIRP and as a result will have to work until their death.
Well, now we have confirmation that the surge in hiring of older, part-time workers has little to do with demographic transitions and everything to do with the simplest possible explanation: they are cheap!
Enter the case of Japan, where Goldman finally has a long, long overdue epiphany:
What drew our attention in Exhibit 8 are two responses that rose between the 2006 and 2011 surveys: The re-employment of retirees, and the re-employment of full-time staff who left for family reasons, most likely getting married or having children (the number of businesses that cited labor cost savings as a reason for hiring part-timers has declined considerably). This suggests to us a change in the structure of part-time employment in recent years. Employers generally recruited part-time staff in the past as a means of reining in labor costs. However, Exhibit 8 reveals that more recently, part-time hiring is increasingly being used as a means of employing senior citizens or re-employing housewives. In Exhibit 9, we see that the increase in part-time hiring over the last decade has been largely driven by senior citizens and housewives entering the labor market.
Here is Goldman's admission that Zero Hedge was correct about what lay in store for America some 5 years ago, by looking at the labor dynamics in Japan:
We attribute this trend to three factors. First is a shift to part-time labor among the elderly generation as Japan's population ages. Baby boomers – the generation of Japanese born in 1947-1949 – began to turn 60 in 2007 and started retiring around the same period, raising concerns about the so-called “2007 problem” namely a labor shortage in the corporate sector. In the event, major turmoil in the labor market was averted as companies extended employment beyond 60. Five years later, however, the “2012 problem” arose as the same baby boomers turned 65. Having raised the pensionable age, Japan passed an amended Act on Stabilization of Employment of Elderly Persons in April 2013 that requires companies to offer employment through to 65 for those seeking to work beyond 60. When extending the period of employment, however, companies are under no obligation to offer the same terms that existed before. With the agreement of the employee and employer, companies can switch to a non-permanent arrangement in the form of short-time, contract, or part-time employment (most companies re-employ retirees on non-permanent contracts to reduce their wage bill). Second – and also linked to the aging population – is that both elderly men and women are remaining in the labor market to supplement a decline in income due to cuts in pension payments. Japan began raising the pensionable age in the early 2000s, meaning that the current generation of people in their 60s faces fewer pension payments. Pension cuts have gained further traction since April 20134, and the labor participation rate among people in their 60s has accordingly risen at a faster rate over the past two years. For senior citizens aged 65-69, the labor participation rate has reached 42% (FY2014 average, versus a FY2000 average of 37%). How this generation is employed has also changed notably over the past 15 years: whereas in 2000 around 50% of people aged 65-69 were self-employed/family workers, by 2014 the ratio of employees had reached almost 75%. Third, female labor participation rates are rising in all age groups except women under 25, as Womenomics manifests itself. Exhibit 9 shows a marked increase in part-time female workers in their 40s and 60s. A key factor is the impact of a rise in the labor participation rate within this more populous generation (of baby boomers and junior baby boomers).
To summarize the Japanese economic recovery under Abenomics (and before): all the labor growth has been thanks to senior citizens and housewives. And this comprises the bulk of the surge in part-time jobs, which as shown above, is the only component of Japan's employed workers that has grown. As a result, Japan's real wages are the lowest in history.
And now to summarize the US labor picture as well: more part-time workers, and more old workers.
In other words, Japanification is truly coming to the US, and unfortunately in the one place where it hurts the most: the labor market. And not just any labor market, but one which is touted by the press as improving which while perhaps true quantitatively, is absolutely false qualitatively: in fact, if one extends the Japanese comparison to its logical conclusion, real wages in the US are due to tumble in the coming months and years as the Japanese economic and demographic reality is unrolled in the US.
Precisely as we warned in 2010.
But the biggest problem is not that the underlying economics is devastating when one looks behind the populist headlines. It is that both in Japan and in the US, the mainstream economists - who we can only hope are not all idiots, and can figure out what even Goldman now sees - are engaging in open fraud when spinning disastrous labor trends into what the mainstream press touts is a "labor recovery."
But at least we know the reason: recall that for Janet Yellen the only "data-dependent" economic indicator which holds back a rate hike is the lack of wage growth. And as long as there are no rate hikes, the Fed and other central banks will continue flooding the global markets with trillions in liquidity while keeping rates at 0% or negative, pushing global stock markets and asset prices to ever recorder highs.
Who benefits from this fraud? Why the 1% of course, because while the hope for 99% of the population - and the lie - remains that wage growth is just around the corner - a story repeated in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015... and which will be repeated in the coming years without a doubt - who benefits from this fraudulent status quo here and now? Those who could care less if the average wages for everyone continue crashing, does care very much that the S&P 500 hits another record high tomorrow and the day after.
And as long as the fraud behind wage growth, and the lack thereof, remains, they will get precisely what they want, with the blessings of every central bank in the world.
“I am not a capitalist.” With those five words, Kevin O'Leary just blew all their credibility as a Conservative political candidate.
On AM640 radio in Toronto today, they told me, “I am not a capitalist. I am in favour of jobs. There are three things I'm going to fix in this country. Jobs jobs jobs.”
Excuse me? Isn't capitalism supposed to, uh, generate jobs? And hasn't O'Leary been a capitalist for, well, their entire career? And isn't they running as a Conservative? (By the way, Kevin — Jean Chrétien just called, and they want their slogan back.)
Just to be perfectly clear, O'Leary is a capitalist. And that is nothing to be ashamed of. Capitalism is the greatest job generating system the world has ever seen. Yes, it has winners and losers. Yes, it has secondary consequences, some of which are ugly. It can result in great cleavages between rich and poor. It can result in environmental degradation. It can undergo great upheavals, as technology displaces industries and workers.
But find an economic system that does better. Communism spawned untold misery for decades in the former Soviet bloc, before its economies finally collapsed in the 1990s. Pollution in the cities of communist China far exceeds that in capitalist countries like the United States. Currently, socialism is laying waste to the economy of Venezuela, where hyperinflation, food shortages and social unrest are the legacy of failed policies of nationalization and state control of the economy.
As Winston Churchill famously said, “Democracy is the worst system, apart from all the others.” The same can be said of capitalism, because it is rooted in the value other systems lack: personal freedom. It's based on the right to own property, to amass wealth, and to dispose of that wealth. It is dynamic, fluid, and rewards innovation, the type of progress that doesn't just make money for creators, but improves the lives of the people who use their products.
Perhaps Mr. O'Leary has never been a capitalist after all, but an opportunist. And in the weakness of the current government, as well as the current Conservative field, they see opportunity. Perhaps Mr. O'Leary has never been a capitalist after all, but an opportunist. And in the weakness of the current government, as well as the current Conservative field, they see opportunity.
O'Leary turning their back on capitalism represents a repudiation of everything they have stood for in their entire career. They made their mark in business, then as a venture capitalist, then on programs like Dragon's Den and Shark Tank, where they enabled aspiring entrepreneurs to achieve their capitalist dreams.
Saying they are not a capitalist is like a cow saying it is a horse. It is, in today's parlance, an ‘alternative fact'.
Beyond insulting our collective intelligence, however, O'Leary's statement has the unfortunate effect of taking them down to the same level as the politicians they disdain — people who would say anything to get elected. Perhaps they think that saying they are not a capitalist is a way to win votes. Perhaps he's going after NDP voters, by espousing the same energy policy — refining more oil in Canada — without saying how they would do or fund it. (Would they get taxpayers to foot the bill? Or force industry to do it, aping the late Liberal Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau's National Energy Policy which wanted Alberta to sell its oil at below-market rates to the rest of Canada?)
Hmm. Perhaps Mr. O'Leary has never been a capitalist after all, but an opportunist. And in the weakness of the current government, as well as the current Conservative field, they see opportunity. It may pay off — the latest Ipsos poll puts them neck and neck with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, at 37 per cent and 38 per cent, respectively. That's better than any of the other candidates — and to Tories hungry for power, that may sound like a compelling reason to make O'Leary their next leader.
But they should take a pause, and consider the impact of their choice. For that, they need look no further than south of the border. President Donald Trump may wear the Republican label, but it has lost all meaning. Hijacked by a populist president without a philosophical compass to speak of, their party no longer strives to build the ‘shining city on the hill', but a walled fortress. The wisdom of Adam Smith, Edmund Burke, Russell Kirk and William F. Buckley lies on the ash heap of history, replaced by Trump's protectionist, isolationist bellow, “America First”.
Mr. O'Leary, I want to believe you are better than that. Show us that you are the straight-shooter you claim to be. Don't treat the leadership of the Conservative party as a takeover.
Politics is not business. Principles matter. And if you can't own up to what you are, how can Canadians believe anything you say?
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran's announcement that it plans to build its first nuclear-powered submarine is stoking speculation it could serve as a pretext for the Islamic state to produce highly enriched uranium and move closer to potential atom bomb material.
EDITORS' NOTE: Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to film or take pictures in Tehran. Military personnel place a flag on a submarine during the Velayat-90 war games by the Iranian navy in the Strait of Hormuz in southern Iran December 27, 2011. REUTERS/IIPA/Ali Mohammadi
Western experts doubt that Iran - which is under a U.N. arms embargo - has the capability any time soon to make the kind of sophisticated underwater vessel that only the world's most powerful states currently have.
But they say Iran could use the plan to justify more sensitive atomic activity, because nuclear submarines can be fuelled by uranium refined to a level that would also be suitable for the explosive core of a nuclear warhead.
“Such submarines often use HEU (highly enriched uranium),” former chief U.N. nuclear inspector Olli Heinonen said, adding Iran was unlikely to be able to source the fuel abroad because of the international dispute over its nuclear program.
It could then “cite the lack of foreign fuel suppliers as further justification for continuing on its uranium enrichment path”, Heinonen, now at Harvard University's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, said.
Any move by Iran to enrich to a higher purity would alarm the United States and its allies, which suspect it is seeking to develop the capability to make nuclear bombs and want it to curb its nuclear program. Tehran denies any atomic arms ambitions.
It would also likely further complicate diplomatic efforts to resolve the decade-old row over Tehran's nuclear program and may add to fears of a military confrontation.
Several rounds of talks between Iran and six world powers this year have so far failed to make significant progress, especially over their demand that the Islamic Republic scale back its controversial enrichment work.
“LEVERAGE”
“Iran is using this submarine announcement to create bargaining leverage,” Shashank Joshi, a senior fellow and Middle East specialist at the Royal United Services Institute, said.
“It can negotiate away these ‘plans' for concessions, or use the plans as a useful pretext for its enrichment activity.”
Iranian deputy navy commander Abbas Zamini was last month quoted as saying that “preliminary steps in making an atomic submarine have started”.
They did not say how such a vessel would be fuelled, but experts said it may require high-grade uranium.
Iran now refines uranium to reach a 3.5 percent concentration of the fissile isotope U-235 - suitable for nuclear power plants - as well as 20 percent, which it says is for a medical research reactor in Tehran.
Nuclear weapons need a fissile purity of 90 percent, about the same level as is used to fuel U.S. nuclear submarines.
“This is a bald excuse to enrich uranium above 20 percent,” Mark Fitzpatrick, director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies think-tank in London, said.
A Western diplomat agreed that it could provide another possible justification for making highly enriched uranium, adding Iran could also use medical isotope production as an excuse.
“What it all means to me is that they could enrich above 20 percent, or even just say they intend to, and then point to some or all of these ‘justifications',” the envoy said.
Iran says its nuclear program is for purely peaceful energy and medical purposes and that it is its right to process uranium for reactor fuel under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, a global pact to prevent the spread of atomic arms.
An Iranian lawmaker this week said parliament planned to ask the government to equip Iran's naval and research fleet with “non-fossil” engines, Press TV state television reported in an apparent reference to nuclear fuel.
While nuclear submarines generally run on highly refined uranium, merchant vessels can also operate on low-enriched fuel, Mark Hibbs of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said.
The six powers - the United States, France, Germany, Britain, China and Russia - want Iran to halt 20 percent enrichment. If Iran not only rejected this demand but also started enriching to even higher levels, it would risk dramatically raising the stakes in the dispute.
COSTLY SUBS
The United States and Israel have not ruled out military action to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, sparking fears of a possible escalation into a new Middle East war.
The submarine statement and this week's missile tests by the Islamic Republic signaled Iranian defiance at a time when the West is stepping up the sanctions pressure on the major crude producer with a European Union oil embargo.
“I see this as an effort to demonstrate Iranian resolve at a time when sanctions are getting unprecedentedly tight,” Joshi, of the Royal United Services Institute, said.
It is difficult and very expensive to make atomic submarines. “There is no way that Iran could build a nuclear-powered submarine,” Fitzpatrick said.
Such submarines - which the United States, Russia, China, France and Britain have - can be at sea without refueling and stay underwater for much longer periods than those using diesel, experts said.
Naval reactors deliver a lot of power from a small volume and therefore run on highly enriched uranium but the level varies from 20 percent or less to as much as 93 percent in the latest U.S. submarines, the World Nuclear Association, a London-based industry body, said on its website.
Iran's announcement is another statement “that they are capable of producing the most-advanced and prestigious military technology and, as usual, there is little truth in what is being claimed”, military expert Pieter Wezeman, of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute think tank, said.
Planned Parenthood Shooting Suspect Robert Lewis Dear To Appear In Court Monday
Enlarge this image toggle caption Colorado Springs Police Department Colorado Springs Police Department
The man arrested after a deadly attack and standoff at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs Friday is Robert Lewis Dear, 57, officials confirm. Police gave an honor guard to an officer who died in the attack.
Update at 3 p.m. ET: Few Details Revealed At News Event
Praising the police response and saying they're relieved that more than three people were not killed, local and state officials offered few details about the case, citing the ongoing investigation during a news conference Saturday afternoon.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy UCCS
At the news conference, officials shared at least two light moments, prompted in one instance by Gov. John Hickenlooper's praise for Mayor John Suthers' experience with matters of justice and in another by their statement that Colorado Springs is the most beautiful city in the state.
Asked to clarify basic details about the case, Colorado Springs Police Dept. Chief Peter Carey said they couldn't say whether the two civilians killed were patients at the Planned Parenthood clinic, or whether shooting began inside or outside the facility.
Update at 2:55 p.m. ET: Victims Won't Be Identified For Now
Saying that autopsies are being conducted, Colorado Springs Police Dept. Chief Peter Carey says that the victims of Friday's attack won't be identified publicly Saturday – and possibly not until Monday.
Update at 2:52 p.m. ET: Tragedy 'Beyond Speech'
"A tragedy that's beyond speech,' Gov. John Hickenlooper says. They then added, "I'm not going to say the perpetrator's name."
Update at 2:48 p.m. ET: City 'In Mourning'
"The city of Colorado Springs is in mourning today," Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers says.
Update at 2:30 p.m. ET: Court Appearance On Monday; Vigils Held
Now being held without bond, suspect Robert Dear will appear before a judge Monday afternoon, Colorado Public Radio reports. At least two vigils for the victims are slated for Saturday.
Original post continues:
Dear's name was leaked to the media Friday night, as investigators began trying to learn more about the man they say killed three people, including University of Colorado, Colorado Springs police officer Garrett Swasey, 44, whose body received a police escort in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Swasey "died in the attack along with two people police are describing as civilians," Colorado Public Radio's Megan Verlee reports. They add, "Planned Parenthood says all of its staff at the clinic came through safely."
A six-year veteran of the department, Swasey had previously been a champion ice skater, The Denver Post reports. They were married and had two children, a university spokesperson tells the Post.
Dear is a native of South Carolina; according to court records, they have faced several charges of traffic violations in both South Carolina and North Carolina, along with two charges that were later dropped, related to accusations of personal intrusion (peeping Tom or similar incident).
From South Carolina's WCIV TV:
"Reports indicate Dear had lived part of the time in a cabin with no electricity or running water in the North Carolina mountains. "His neighbors in Black Mountain said Robert Lewis Dear kept mostly to himself. But James Russell said when Dear did talk, it was a rambling combination of a number of topics that didn't make sense together and they tended to avoid eye contact."
"This is not normal. We can't let it become normal," President Obama said the morning after the attack. "If we truly care about this — if we're going to offer up our thoughts and prayers again, for God knows how many times, with a truly clean conscience — then we have to do something about the easy accessibility of weapons of war on our streets to people who have no business wielding them."
(You can read more of Obama's statement at the bottom of this post.)
The attack that began just before noon (local time) Friday wounded nine people — five police officers and four others. All are reportedly expected to recover.
Dear surrendered to police after a standoff that lasted five hours. At the clinic and at Dear's residence, police acted with caution, alert to the chance that the suspect may have rigged explosives.
"[Police] say the man brought a 'long gun' as well as multiple items into the clinic," reports Colorado Public Radio. Citing Colorado Springs Police spokesperson Catherine Buckley, the station adds, "The scene will remain active while explosives officers investigate the other items. Buckley says the scene is complicated and will 'take hours, possibly days.' "
Those items, which included several propane tanks, were secured and no longer a threat as of Saturday morning, police say.
Local officials are crediting the police response with limiting the number of casualties in the attack.
"While this was a terrible, terrible tragedy, it could have been much worse, but for the actions of the first responders," Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers said, "particularly the police officers involved."
Describing the scene of the attack Saturday morning, the Colorado Springs Gazette says, "Even several inches of fresh snow couldn't disguise the crime-scene tape still hung up by the yard at Fillmore Street and Centennial Boulevard. In the King Soopers parking lot, dozens of snow-covered cars await their owners who were caught by Friday's killings and hunkered down inside stores."
Calling Friday's shooting of 12 people the last thing Americans should have to cope with on a holiday or any other day, President Obama urged a new push to get guns out of criminals' hands.
From the president's statement:
"We don't yet know what this particular gunman's so-called motive was for shooting twelve people, or for terrorizing an entire community, when they opened fire with an assault weapon and took hostages at a Planned Parenthood center in Colorado. What we do know is that they killed a cop in the line of duty, along with two of the citizens that police officer was trying to protect. We know that law enforcement saved lives, as so many of them do every day, all across America. And we know that more Americans and their families had fear forced upon them.
"This is not normal. We can't let it become normal. If we truly care about this — if we're going to offer up our thoughts and prayers again, for God knows how many times, with a truly clean conscience — then we have to do something about the easy accessibility of weapons of war on our streets to people who have no business wielding them. Period. Enough is enough.
"May God bless Officer Garrett Swasey and the Americans they tried to save — and may They grant the rest of us the courage to do the same thing."
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis missed the dinner hosted by President Pranab Mukherjee for US President Barack Obama on January 25 because senior state officials in New Delhi decided to send the Rashtrapati Bhawan invite by speed post to the chief minister's office and failed to inform the CM's staff.
HT had on Wednesday reported about how Fadnavis, who was one of three chief ministers invited for the dinner at Rashtrapati Bhawan, missed the exclusive event as the information reached them too late. The CM was on their way back to Mumbai from Davos.
“Our preliminary inquiry revealed the outgoing resident commissioner [Bipin Mullick] was aware of the invitation received by the Maharashtra Sadan (state government's office in Delhi) on January 17 and they had given the responsibility to an officer who chose to send it by speed post, resulting in its late delivery at our office in Mumbai. Prima facie, the Delhi office failed to handle it with enough seriousness. Had it reached me in time, I would have taken a direct flight to Delhi, instead of Mumbai, while coming back from Davos,” Fadnavis said on Wednesday.
The CM has ordered a high-level probe into the goof-up at the office of the resident commissioner in New Delhi. According to sources, action is expected against two officers who did not send the invite on time, and chose to send it by speed post like other documents are sent to Mumbai.
Resident commissioner Abha Shukla, who took over from Mullick recently, has been asked to inquire and submit the report. The two officers at the resident commissioner's office have been given a memo and action is expected to be taken once the report is submitted to the government.
Some officials in Mantralaya said the goof-up could have taken place at the chief minister's office in Mumbai. The letter sent by speed post reached the chief minister's office on January 23, but nobody thought about intimating Fadnavis or the secretaries accompanying him.
Questions have also been raised about whether the state's officer in charge of protocol in New Delhi, who is an IAS officer, failed their duty of personally coordinating with the chief minister's office.
Fadnavis, however, made it for a high tea organised by the Prime Minister's Office on Monday evening. They said they were the only chief minister to be invited for both functions. According to him, three CMs were invited for the dinner and only two for the high tea.
First Published: Jan 28, 2015 21:51 IST
Pop icon and prolific tweeter Cher hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Cape Cod Sunday that reportedly raised more than $1.5 million for the Democratic presidential nominee's campaign.
Approximately 1,000 people attended the “summer celebration” event at the Pilgrim Monument & Museum in Provincetown, including the 70-year-old “Believe” singer, who did not perform, according to the Cape Cod Times.
In their signature emoji-heavy tweeting style, the singer praised Clinton's speech at the event in two posts late Sunday night and early Monday morning.
BOY AM I OUT OF LOOP😱HILL GAVE"GREAT SPEECH" 2🌞‼
️GREAT 2B W/HER👏🏻
Said It B4… Don't Care WHAT ANY1 THINKS… pic.twitter.com/ap6YHqSjAx — Cher (@cher) August 21, 2016
Just landedGREAT WKND. Was with Hill 2Day In P-TOWN 🌞
IT WAS SO MUCH FUN,&
They GAVE AMAZING TALK👏🏻
WAS SO HAPPY TO HEAR "ALL"
Them IDEAS👏🏻 — Cher (@cher) August 22, 2016
Several attendees told the local paper that the singer gave an impressive speech of their own.
“Cher was so brilliant,” Provincetown resident Nina Harrison told the Cape Cod Times. “You just hang on them every word because you know they are going to crack you up.”
Though they did not perform, the singer's music could reportedly be heard on speakers as supporters gathered outside.
Tickets to the event ranged from $45 for general admission to $500 for an “advocate” ticket, $2,700 for a “champion” ticket, $5,000 for a “changemaker” ticket, $10,000 for a ticket and photo with Clinton and $27,000 for a co-chair billing and a host reception with the candidate.
Clinton reportedly spoke for around 30 minutes to a room that included Democratic National Committee chairperson Donna Brazile, Sen. Ed Markey (D-MA), Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey and former tennis superstar Billie Jean King.
“Hillary was great,” fundraiser host Alix Ritchie told the Times. “She was serious, to the point and funny. They were warm. She's a very warm person. And everyone was ecstatic they were here… the spirit of the crowd must have lifted them too.”
The Sunday night event was the third in a series of three consecutive LGBT-focused fundraisers that Cher hosted for Clinton. The pop singer hosted a fundraiser in Miami on Friday night and then another on New York's Fire Island on Saturday, though Clinton did not attend either of those events.
Cher has been a vocal supporter of Clinton on Twitter, where they regularly use the social media platform to praise the Democratic nominee. They have also been a fierce critic of Donald Trump, regularly using a toilet emoji to refer to the Republican nominee. The singer has previously said that all Muslims in the world hate Trump, and that the candidate “sucks at reading.”
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
When parliament returns later this month, Labor's Anne Aly will become the first Muslim woman to take a seat in the lower house. Aly is an internationally renowned scholar on counter-terrorism and de-radicalisation.
In 2014, they were the only Australian expert invited to attend Barack Obama's summit on countering violent extremism. Aly tells Michelle Grattan they have spoken with many people who have been involved in violent organisations, including former members of the Irish Republican Army, former right-wing neo-nazis, and violent jihadists.
Aly says most deradicalisation programs fail because all that they can do is remove the opportunity, the capability and perhaps change the environment.
“But very rarely, if someone is highly radicalised, can outside forces actually change their world orientation or their world view. Many of them need to go through a process to arrive at disillusionment … in order to fully move away from the movement itself,” they say.
On the bread-and-butter issue of the GST, they welcome Malcolm Turnbull's idea of reforming its distribution to give their home state of Western Australia a better deal, and would like to see Labor and Liberal come together to promote WA's cause.
“Now that Mr Turnbull has made that, I guess, commitment, to at least looking at it, I'd like to see the Western Australian cohort work across parties for the best interests of our state,” they say.
JUNE 28, 2017 KEVIN ZEESE AT LEFT FORUM
Subtitle: LEFT COOPTATION
Program Type: Weekly Program
Featured Speakers/Commentators: KEVIN ZEESE OF POPULAR RESISTANCE
Broadcast Restrictions: For non-profit use only.
License: Attribution Non-commercial (by-nc)
Broadcast Advisory: No Advisories - program content screened and verified.
Summary: Kevin Zeese was part of the only panel from the DEEP STATE track that didn't get banned this year by the Left Forum. The other 4 panels that did get banned can be heard: www.noliesradio.org look for the "Left Out Forum".
Kevin's excellent and highly informative speech about infiltration and cooptation of the Left is a must-hear for all. It will be difficult to be effective if you don't understand the level of infiltration.
Credits: 9/11 Wake-Up Call is a weekly program that challenges
the official account of 9/11, which cannot possibly be
true, through interviews with key members of the
9/11 Truth Movement, audio clips of relevant speeches,
and through discussion of the latest 9/11 and
related news.
Notes: 9/11 Wake-Up Call is produced in the studio of
WWUH 91.3 FM at the University of Hartford and
airs weekly on Wednesdays at 12:00 pm and again at 8:00 pm at WWUH 91.3 FM (www.wwuh.org) and on Tuesdays at 2:00 pm on WESU 88.1 FM (www.wesu.org) at Weslyan University. It can be heard streaming live at both stations.
Earlier editions of the show can be found at
www.ct911truth.org
Here's a stark number for understanding how low-wage employers are relying on the kindness of taxpayers: $153 billion.
That's the annual bill that state and federal governments are footing for working families making poverty-level wages at big corporations such as Walmart (WMT) and McDonald's (MCD), according to a new study from the University of California Berkeley Labor Center. Because these workers are paid so little, they are increasingly turning to government aid programs such as food stamps to keep them from dire poverty, the study found.
While McDonald's has vowed to raise wages and Walmart is just this month boosting pay for many workers, that's come after intense political pressure from advocacy groups such as the Fight for $15, which is urging legislation and private-sector change to push the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. While the cost of living has continued to rise, the baseline hourly rate has remained at $7.25 since 2009. At the same time, the post-recession years have created more low-wage jobs than higher-paid ones, adding 1.85 million more Americans to the ranks of poorly paid workers.
"When companies pay too little for workers to provide for their families, workers rely on public assistance programs to meet their basic needs," Ken Jacobs, chair of the labor center and co-author of the new report, said in a statement. "This creates significant cost to the states."
McDonald's didn't immediately return requests for comment about the research.
Walmart spokesperson Brian Nick said that this study, and others like it, are missing an important point.
"We believe Walmart helps more people move off of public assistance through the jobs and opportunity for advancement we offer," they wrote in an email. "We're proud that 75 percent of our U.S. management teams began in hourly roles and last year alone we promoted nearly 200,000 people to jobs with higher pay and more responsibility. Walmart has listened to our associates and we have made a $1 billion commitment this year alone to not only raise wages, but also provide additional skills-based training to build great careers."
Walmart chief executive Doug McMillon said in February that the giant retailer would boost the entry wage for current associates to $9 an hour in April, while associates are slated to earn at least $10 an hour by next February.
Real hourly wages of the median American worker were only 5 percent higher in 2013 than in 1975, the report found. For the lowest paid workers, those in the bottom decile of earners, their wages were actually 5 percent lower than in 1975. Altogether, many middle- and low-wage American workers are suffering from stagnating or falling income.
The trend toward employer cuts in benefits is adding to the crisis, the report found. The share of non-elderly Americans receiving insurance from an employer has declined to 58.4 percent in 2013, down from 67 percent a decade ago.
When those trends are added together, it boils down to a concentration of low-paid, struggling workers, who are increasingly relying on the government to put food on the table and pay for health coverage. Almost three-quarters of enrollees in the country's biggest public support programs are members of working families, the study found.
Taxpayers come into the gap by providing more than $152.8 billion a year in funding for working families receiving four key antipoverty programs: Medicaid, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, food stamps, and the earned-income tax credit.
While workers in a number of occupations rely on government aid to get by, three occupations have particularly high percentages of workers who need taxpayer help. About 52 percent of fast-food workers rely on public assistance, followed by 48 percent of home-care workers and 46 percent of child-care workers.
The study didn't include changes in Medicaid enrollment since the Affordable Care Act, since that data wasn't available. The expansion under ACA extended coverage to low-income adults under 65 years of age in 28 states in Washington, D.C.
Low-wage workers even include highly educated Americans, such as adjunct professors who typically earn between $20,000 to $25,000 per year and don't receive benefits or job security, despite holding advanced degrees. Labor activists are planning rallies at college campuses, as well as at fast food restaurants, on April 15 to urge employers and policymakers to raise the baseline wage.
"It's just got to be reducing employment, it's just got to be," said one, quoted in the Financial Review. Business will be forced to "reduce costs through cutting jobs or other investments," said another, in The Australian. You'd think so. If a business' costs go up and its income doesn't, it'll have to cut back. It makes sense. Just as it makes sense to think that lower class sizes improve educational outcomes. They ought to. But while that's obviously true in extreme cases (if class sizes or wages were increased tenfold, it would hurt), normal-size adjustments, of the kind that are usually made, seem to have no effect whatsoever. And these are some of the most intensively studied questions in economics. I'll leave class sizes for another day. On wages, the commissioners said those studies had "fortified" its view that modest and regular wage increases "do not result in disemployment effects". The latest, and most damning, is a seven decade-study released in May by the United States National Employment Law Project entitled Raise Wages, Kill Jobs?
"If the claims of minimum wage opponents are akin to saying 'the sky is falling', this report is an effort to check whether the sky did indeed fall," the authors say. They examined each of the 22 increases in the US federal minimum wage between 1938 and 2009 to determine whether either employment or hours worked had dropped in the year that followed. "The results were clear: these basic economic indicators show no correlation between federal minimum wage increases and lower employment levels, even in the industries that are most impacted by higher minimum wages," they reported. We find it hard to believe that modest wage increases don't cost jobs, because they ought to. "To the contrary, in the substantial majority of instances (68 per cent) overall employment increased after a federal minimum-wage increase. In the most substantially affected industries, the rates were even higher: in the leisure and hospitality sector employment rose 82 per cent of the time following a federal wage increase, and in the retail sector it was 73 per cent of the time."
"Moreover, the small minority of instances in which employment declined, all occurred during periods of recession or near recession. That pattern strongly suggests that the few instances of such declines are better explained by the business cycle than by the minimum wage." They go on to observe that their findings aren't really surprising. Study after study has found the same thing. We find it hard to believe that modest wage increases don't cost jobs, because they ought to. Where's the employer going to find the money? But cutting jobs can cost money, and the money can come from higher prices and from getting more out of each worker, so-called productivity growth. Of late productivity has been growing faster than wages, so the commission's decision puts things back into balance. And partly because when workers are paid more, they stay more and become better workers, and even become better ambassadors for the businesses that employ them. And because, occasionally, wage increases are really big. When they are big enough, low wageworkers become higher wageworkers and spend more, especially in shops and food outlets, the kind of industries that are likely to employ them. There's just a chance the commission knows what it's doing.
Loading Peter Martin is economics editor of The Age. Follow Peter Martin on Twitter and Facebook
If you're at all familiar with CNBC's Rick Santelli, you know they almost never appears on the network without a shoutfest ensuing.
The financial commentator — long considered the godfather of the tea party movement for their 2009 remarks — tends to battle with their colleague Steve Liesman over wonky monetary policy questions involving the Federal Reserve, government intervention, and inflation.
During a Monday afternoon debate, the CNBC panel — including Liesman — tore into their famously outspoken colleague by telling them that all of their dire predictions about the Fed's actions have been proven wrong.
After a series of rants from Santelli on Fed Chair Janet Yellin possibly risking inflation, host Scott Wapner intervened to say that “the jury's still out as to whether the Fed is going to help.”
This set Santelli off: “Jury? Who are you talking about? Who's the jury specifically? Academia? Professors? That valet you let park your car?”
Co-panelist Josh Brown piled on: “Rick, you already decided this wasn't going to work five years ago. Is some of your anger about confirmation bias?”
“I was right! I was right!” Santelli shouted, walking off-camera to applause from Chicago floor day traders. “End of conversation. Hasta la vista!”
But they returned when Liesman began torching him:
It's impossible for you to have been more wrong, Rick. Your call for inflation, the destruction of the dollar, the failure of the U.S. economy to rebound. Rick, it's impossible for you to have been more wrong. Every single bit of advice you gave would have lost people money, Rick… There is no piece of advice that you've given that's worked, Rick. Not a single one… The higher interest rates never came. The inability of the U.S. to sell bonds never happened. The dollar never crashed, Rick. There isn't a single one that's worked for you.
Santelli shouted a rebuttal throughout Liesman's rebuking.
Watch below, via CNBC:
[h/t John Whitehouse]
[Image via CNBC/screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
WASHINGTON (AP) — Aggrieved and spoiling for a fight, Donald Trump used a marathon encounter with reporters Thursday to denounce the “criminal” leaks that took down their top national security adviser and revived questions about their own ties to Russia. But they offered only a lawyerly denial that their campaign aides had been in touch with Russian officials before last fall's election.
“Nobody that I know” they said in the first full-length news conference of their presidency.
The 77-minute event amounted to a free-wheeling airing of complaints, with the new president attempting to find their footing after the rockiest launch in recent memory. Trump slammed a “bad court” of appeals judges for blocking their refugee and immigration executive order and denied that their White House was paralyzed by chaos and infighting among top advisers.
“This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine,” they boasted.
With their signature hyperbole betrayed by reality, Trump said there has never been a president “who in this short period of time has done what we've done.” They blamed any problems on the outgoing Obama administration — “I inherited a mess at home and abroad” — and the news media.
Standing in the stately, chandeliered East Room, Trump lambasted the “out of control” media — long their favorite foe. They appeared to delight in jousting with reporters, repeatedly interrupting their questions and singling out stories they disagreed with, well aware their attacks were sure to be cheered by loyal supporters who share their views.
Polls show Trump retains support among Republicans, and solid majorities of Americans say they are following through on their promises and is viewed as a strong leader, according to a Gallup survey. But on other questions Americans express deep reservations. Majorities say they don't inspire confidence and is not honest and trustworthy.
Trump's job approval rating is much lower than those of past presidents at the same point in their administrations. According to a Pew Research Center survey, 39 percent of Americans approve of their job performance while 56 percent disapprove.
Trump's first month in office has been chaotic by any measure — a flurry of self-inflicted wounds and poorly executed policy. On Monday, they demanded the resignation of their national security adviser Michael Flynn following revelations that Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence about their contacts with Russia. The next day, The New York Times reported that multiple Trump advisers were in touch with Russian intelligence advisers during the election campaign.
Trump panned the report as “fake news” and said they had “nothing to do with Russia.”
“To the best of my knowledge no person that I deal with does,” they added.
That answer, couched with a caveat similar to one routinely used by witnesses on a trial stand, appeared to give them wiggle room.
The president more clearly defended Flynn's calls with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. during the transition period after their November victory. They said that while they did not tell their adviser to discuss sanctions with the envoy, “I would have directed them if they didn't do it.”
The president said that while Flynn was “just doing their job,” they were “not happy” that the adviser had misled the vice president. Trump knew for some time that Flynn had given Pence an inaccurate accounting of their discussions with Russia, but the president did not tell their No. 2 for about two weeks, according to a timeline supplied by the White House.
The president has yet to announce Flynn's replacement. Their top choice, Vice Admiral Robert Harward, turned down the job Thursday, largely because of family concerns, according to a White House official who would not be named because Harward's decision has not been publicly announced.
Trump repeatedly tried to steer questions away from their and their advisers' potential ties with Russia, saying attention should rather be focused on why a steady stream of classified information is making its way into news reports.
They took a friendly posture toward Russia during the campaign and has spoken favorably about Russian President Vladimir Putin. He's yet to fully define what a better relationship between Washington and Moscow would look like, though they have said they want to increase cooperation with Russia in the fight against the Islamic State.
On Thursday, they seemed to lower expectations for the success, pre-emptively blaming media reports for hurting their chances of making good on campaign promises to build a better relationship.
“If you were Putin right now, you would say, ‘Hey, we're back to the old games with the United States, there's no way Trump can ever do a deal with us,'” they said.
Trump vowed to move forward next week on their stalled plans to enact “extreme vetting” measures for people coming to the United States. They said they would sign a “new and very comprehensive order” aimed at addressing legal issues in their initial directive, which had temporarily halted the entire U.S. refugee program and all entries from seven Muslim-majority nations while the government worked on new vetting procedures.
A federal appeals court rejected the measure, and Trump said their administration would be “appealing.” Shortly after, the Justice Department announced it did not want a larger appellate panel to review the ruling and would instead replace the ban.
The president took questions Thursday from 17 reporters, far more than at most presidential news conferences. Their answers were often unwieldy, almost stream of consciousness, and some of their responses were startlingly strange.
They said the “greatest thing” they could do was “shoot” a Russian spy ship lingering off the East Coast of the United States. They asked an African-American reporter whether they could help set up a meeting with the Congressional Black Caucus. They wrongly stated that their Electoral College victory had been the largest of any president since Ronald Reagan, then dismissed the inaccuracy, saying he'd been “given that information.”
But the former reality TV star often appeared to be in their element. They jousted with reporters, particularly those they know by name from their constant consumption of television news. They jokingly told CNN's Jim Acosta that they had checked whether they were related to Alexander Acosta, the dean of the Florida International University law school who is their new pick to lead the Labor Department.
Acosta's nomination was ostensibly the purpose of the news conference, though Trump dispensed with the announcement in a few brief sentences. The president's original choice to head the agency, Andy Puzder, withdrew their nomination on Wednesday, another blow to the new administration.
___
AP writers Ken Thomas, Darlene Superville and Eric Tucker contributed to this report.
___
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC
The House Intelligence Committee's top Democrat said it is too early to say whether anyone on President Trump's campaign colluded with Russia.
"We haven't obtained any of the information yet," Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., said. "We are in the very infancy of this investigation," they said, adding that "prejudging" what their panel might discover in the course of a nascent probe into potential contacts between the Trump administration and Moscow is unhelpful.
"We're not in a position to reach any conclusions" yet, Schiff said.
Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., told reporters earlier Monday: "There's nothing there," regarding improper communication between any Trump advisers and Russian officials.
Schiff sees three major obstacles to getting to the bottom of the Russian issue: keeping the inquiry bipartisan; receiving full cooperation from the FBI; and adequate staffing to conduct a thorough review.
Schiff said they and Nunes are committed to a bipartisan probe and, going forward, will conduct joint media briefings about the case's status.
"I don't have the assurances that I would like from the bureau," Schiff said about whether he's confident that FBI officials will be totally forthcoming.
Usually, FBI officials don't discuss ongoing or closed investigations, but in the matter of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email address and server during their tenure as secretary of state they "violated in the extreme" that policy, Schiff charged.
They also labeled any attempts by Trump officials to enlist the intelligence community's help in tamping down reports about potential contacts "completely inappropriate."
Such contact "threatens" the independence of the FBI, CIA and other intelligence agencies, Schiff said.
They said the committee will also examine leaks from intelligence officials to reporters—the aspect of the Flynn matter Nunes is most interested in.
Schiff said the committee will delve into the "raw intelligence" that went into the intelligence community's report concluding that Russia hacked Democratic Party officials' emails and tried to help Trump win the presidency.
To maximize committee resources, Schiff suggested working with the panel's Senate counterpart—an option that senators have not rebuffed but "neither have they welcomed the idea," Schiff said.
"Congress cannot afford to wait," for the FBI to complete its investigation of potentially inappropriate contacts between Trump's inner circle and Russia before delving into the matter itself, they said.
US government has been withholding from public much more information than is needed and the trend threatens democracy, Edward Snowden said in a video address congratulating Chelsea Manning on winning the Sam Adams Award.
Imprisoned US army whistleblower Chelsea Manning - formerly known as Bradley - was on Wednesday honored in absentia for revelations of US war crimes. Manning was awarded the 2014 Sam Adams Prize for Integrity in Intelligence at a ceremony held by the Oxford University's prestigious Oxford Union Society.
The event included a video address by Edward Snowden, last year's Sam Adams Award winner, who praised Manning for bringing to spotlight a very important issue of “over-classification” – unjustified withholding from the public of information that's not related to national security.
“In the last year the White House told us that 95 million records have been created classified and withheld from the public in the year 2012. That's more than any other year on record and shows a trend where the government is withholding more secrets than ever,” Snowden said, adding that many other Western governments were “on the same trajectory.”
The former NSA contractor, currently living in temporary asylum in Russia, believes the trend of making more and more information secret could lead to a decline in democracy, because “when a public is no longer aware of the actions of its officials… it can no longer hold most senior members of its society to necessary account for serious wrongdoing.”
Manning was in August 2013 sentenced to 35 years in prison for turning over to WikiLeaks some 500,000 Army documents concerning wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Some of the atrocities of the wars have thus become exposed. The files included the ‘Collateral Murder' video – footage taken in July 2007 from inside the cockpit of a US Apache helicopter as US troops on board cut down 12 unarmed civilians, including two Reuters reporters.
“Documents that we received from Manning showed us that some of this information is unambiguously necessary for public ends,” Snowden said in their address. “For example, how can we vote without evidence of true cost of the wars in which we are involved, instances of public corruption, official corruption in nations that we support, ally ourselves with, or even national participation in torture programs, rendition programs and unambiguous war crimes? All of these were represented in the Manning leaks.”
The Sam Adams Award for Integrity in Intelligence has since 2002 been given out annually by a group of former US and UK intelligence officers to whoever they think has championed the truth - even if it meant breaking an oath. Sam Adams was a CIA whistleblower during the Vietnam War.
One of those, who decide on who gets the award, is a retired CIA analyst Ray McGovern. They find the crackdown on whistleblowers highly disturbing.
“Actually, it is rather mysterious and rather amazing that three of our six awardees are not free,” McGovern told RT. “Bradley Manning, or Chelsea Manning, in Federal prison, Julian Assange cooped up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London and, of course, Snowden in Russia unable to travel because the United States withdrew their passport, making them stateless. So we are beginning to wonder whether the Sam Adams Prize is a good thing to have when 50 percent of our [awardees] find themselves in some kind of confinement.”
In order not to have potential whistleblowers discouraged by fears of persecution former MI5 agent Annie Machon is setting up a new organization called the Courage Foundation, which would provide funding, support and advocacy for those who would ponder leaking sensitive data. Machon believes that with ever more sophisticated technological capabilities available to intelligence agencies the mission of whistleblowers becomes ever more important.
“People are very much aware that with the technological capability intelligence agencies can now spy on us all and erode our privacy everywhere. Particularly the NSA and the GCHQ,” Machon told RT. “What we are seeing now is that the technological capabilities outpace the law and the accountability that is supposed to govern these spies. And also of course since 9/11 this sort of brutal response and interventions with illegal wars in the Middle East, with invasions across North Africa and covert actions and drone killing strikes, that there is a great need for people of principle to stand up and say “This is being done allegedly in our name, but actually this is illegal under all international laws.”
The product is called Squiz Matrix CMS, a content management system (hereafter referred to as CMS) developed by Squiz, an open source software services company founded in Sydney, Australia in 1998. I was hired on a six month contract to give the CMS a fresh lick of paint whilst remaining true to its original UI.
It is important to note that no allowance was made for UX-related study. This meant I could only draw on the experience I had gained developing similar UIs in the past. Secondly, all screen elements were to remain in their original positions and nothing could be moved to another location. What this boiled down to was that I could only modify the CSS. There was a tiny allowance to modify the HTML, too, but only in extreme cases and only where absolutely necessary.
With that said, let's take a look at the old UI.
Evaristo Sa/AFP/Getty Images Brazil finds itself playing a bit of catch-up -- including stadium construction and renovation -- as the country prepares to host the 2014 World Cup. Brazil finds itself playing a bit of catch-up -- including stadium construction and renovation -- as the country prepares to host the 2014 World Cup.
RIO DE JANEIRO -- With fewer than a thousand days to go before Brazil 2014, the 20th World Cup, there is a standoff between two heavyweights -- Dilma Rousseff and Sepp Blatter, the presidents, respectively, of Brazil and FIFA.
At the heart of the dispute are the problems of staging the World Cup in a developing economy. For FIFA, the World Cup is low-risk -- it makes its money from the sale of TV rights. Meanwhile, it makes all sorts of demands on the host nation, and in a country such as Brazil there are many competing claims on the public purse.
If there is one country in the developing world with the leverage to stand up to FIFA it is Brazil, five times world champion and globally synonymous with the glamour of the game. Rousseff appears keen to use some of that leverage. FIFA has been anxiously waiting for Brazil to pass a law bringing into effect a legislative framework for 2014. Brazil has been in no hurry, and is unwilling to give FIFA all it wants; Brazilian law, for example, decrees that senior citizens should pay half-price for public events. Some of the country's 27 states extend the same right to students. FIFA wants no discounts. Brazil does not want to bend on this or on other points of conflict, such as the sale of alcoholic drinks inside the stadiums (banned in some states) or the punishment for those selling pirated merchandise (FIFA wants tougher penalties).
Rousseff is digging in their heels on the issue of sovereignty because the Brazilian state has already been forced into an uncomfortable position on preparation for the tournament. In theory, there was plenty of time for planning. In practice, it was wasted.
It was clear as far back as March 2003 that Brazil would be staging the 2014 World Cup. Blatter announced that under the (short-lived, as it turned out) rotation principle, 2014 would go to South America. CONMEBOL, the continent's football confederation, quickly announced that Brazil was its only candidate. So when Brazil was officially announced in October 2007, it was mere ratification. At this point, Brazil should have had its plans in place. Instead, it had not even named its host cities. Nor would it.
[+] Enlarge Antonio Scorza/AFP/Getty Images When it comes to the 2014 World Cup, FIFA's Sepp Blatter and Brazil's president, Dilma Rousseff, don't see eye-to-eye.
To understand why, you only have to take a closer look at the controversial Ricardo Teixeira, who has been president of Brazilian football's governing body, the CBF, since 1989. They also preside over the 2014 Local Organising Committee, an uncommon accumulation of powers. But they did not want to take the political heat for excluding cities from the party, so, unusually, the decision was passed to FIFA. Its choices were announced at the end of May 2009. Years had been needlessly thrown away. It is hard to escape the conclusion that Rouseff's predecessor, the charismatic President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, should take some of the blame. Once a critic of Teixeira, Lula became an ally, their efforts at playing the global statesman bolstered by a friendship with the effective owner of the Brazil national team. Not enough pressure was placed on Teixeira to name the host cities and speed up the planning process. From this point, the 2014 World Cup carried two certainties -- that it would cost the hard-pressed Brazilian taxpayer more than it should, while providing less than it should in return.
Costs spiraled, and the government had to pick up the bill. Teixeira's sales pitch had been that the money for stadiums would all be private. In the event, it is nearly all public. And it is hard to see how some of the stadiums, especially those in Cuiaba and Manaus, will be viable once the circus has left town.
With public money being thrown at stadiums and also at airport capacity -- the Achilles' heel of the 2014 World Cup -- a scale-back is already taking place on urban mobility projects, the area from which Brazilian society could most benefit from hosting the event.
But what of the tourist who flies in to enjoy the party? Brazil's crime rate makes security a legitimate concern. The country has a good track record of providing security for major events, though the nationwide scope of the World Cup will be an extra challenge. Expense is also a consideration. Brazil's currency, the real, has gained enormously in strength over the past few years. São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro were recently named as the 10th and 12th most expensive cities in the world. There might be a change by 2014 -- the exchange rate is making it difficult for Brazil to export manufactured goods -- but sound advice to potential 2014 fans would be to start saving up early.
It might also be necessary to bring a variety of clothes. This is another winter World Cup, but in a country the size of a continent where the season only really bites in the south. Temperatures in Porto Alegre and Curitiba could even be around freezing. Farther north, there are plenty of venues hitting above 85 degrees Fahrenheit.
Such vast temperature differences between host cities could well prove controversial. Those teams based in the south for their group games are likely to feel at a disadvantage if they have to move to the much hotter north for a knockout match. Amid all the fuss about human failings, it could be that the most criticized aspect of the 2014 World Cup is one laid on by Mother Nature.
Tim Vickery is an English football journalist who has lived in Brazil since 1994 and specializes in South American football.
Blogger Laura McConnell thinks that being spoiled isn't quite so bad, if the show is good enough, and Being Human is definitely good enough (SPOILERS for end of series three)
In my last blog here, I asked a favour. I asked for you kindly SFX commenters to not spoil me on the series three finale of Being Human . You lovely lot obliged me, and none of you ruined the episode for me.
However, I have a confession to make. While I asked that favour because I didn't want to know any more than I did, I'd already been spoiled on the, ahem, big event of the episode. It happened quite by accident, and it was quite an odd experience for me. See, normally, if I get spoiled for a major television event, I get very angry. Incensed is not too strong a word for my reaction. I also lose any interest in seeing the show in question. I mean, what's the point if I already know what's going to happen? I'm one of those people who simply can't fathom fans who enjoy spoilers, because, for me, they take away my enjoyment of a show nearly completely.
But this was different. You see, while I was irritated to have found out about Mitchell, I wasn't half as angry as I was to find out something much more minor in Stargate years ago.
Part of this is because I've become more lax about spoilers in recent years. Frankly, it's too much effort to avoid them these days, especially since I'm on Twitter. So I often don't bother to try. But for Being Human , I put in the effort. I really cared about this show, so I avoided anything that even hinted at it like the plague. I avoided all mention of The Hobbit , too, as I knew Aidan Turner was up for a role in it. I didn't want to know if they got it or not, because that would affect Being Human in obvious ways.
Somehow, I managed that. And none of my UK friends spoiled me, either. One tweet did make me certain that Aidan would be leaving the show, but I still didn't know how that would occur, and I certainly didn't know if it would be a permanent departure or not.
But then, two weeks before I got the series three finale, a random YouTube comment on a video I believed from past experience to be “safe” spoiled me. See, I couldn't wait until Saturday for a little Being Human fix mid-week, so I loaded up a fan music video that is my usual hit. It was the same vid as always, but some lovely person (the first one – you know, the only one you can see without scrolling) decided to put the main event of series three up on display for all to see in the comments. I normally don't read YouTube comments, but somehow I just happened to see that one. And then I couldn't un-see it.
I hit the back button as fast as I could, but nothing could change the fact that I knew about Mitchell. I tried to tell myself that the commenter was just a jerk who might have made up Mitchell's death (via George! Oh, yes, they gave the method, too!) just to screw with people, but I knew that wasn't true. I had seen the writing on the wall. I figured that with the rumours of The Hobbit in the wind, the Being Human folks would have to hedge their bets. They'd have to have a plan to remove Mitchell from the show just in case Aidan got the role, so I suspected a “death” of some sort. So while I was surprised at the comment's revelation of the cause of their death, I knew it wasn't made up. I knew it was true.
Somehow, I wasn't upset. It was the oddest thing. I was as calm as could be. This was a new experience for me. I was spoiled and okay with it? Strange. And even stranger still was the fact that somehow I now wanted to see the finale even more. I mean, George staked Mitchell? What? How did that happen? (This not knowing how it happened was why I asked for no one else to spoil me.)
And suddenly, I understood. I got how some people can see spoilers and not care. It's still not for me, because being spoiled surely did affect my viewing experience – the drama and suspense fell a bit flat because I knew where everything was going. I didn't like that one bit, but it wasn't so very terrible, I suppose. After all, I only knew about Mitchell in “Wolf-Shaped Bullet.” I did not know about Herrick (oh, be still my heart!) and Nina (I really expected them to live but lose the baby), and I knew nothing of the wonder of “Though the Heavens Fall.” There were still reasons to watch – some awfully good ones, in fact. Had I blown off the rest of the season after I got spoiled to the final event, I would have missed one of the greatest moments of the entire show in Herrick's return. So I'm so very glad I stuck with it. No question.
To me, this is a testament to how very wonderful Being Human is. This show is so good that it didn't matter that I knew of Mitchell's impending demise. Even knowing where we were headed, I had to know how we got there. (And frankly, I had to see Russell Tovey do the deed, which didn't disappoint.) So cheers to Being Human for teaching me some valuable lessons about spoilers: one, they aren't as bad as I've always made them out to be; two, they're still bad enough; And three, well, three is best left unsaid in a public forum like this for many, many reasons.
So, now that that's over, what about that big event?
Oh, I have words on that. Many words. I'll see you next blog!
What IS Guerrilla Goodness you ask?
Guerrilla Goodness is intentional, anonymous acts of kindness performed in playful, creative ways for strangers, friends, and family.
It is the power of kindness and joy coming alive for all involved, both the giver and recipient. It's discovering something about yourself and the world that changes everything, it is about believing and standing in kindness.
Guerrilla goodness is dropping flowers on strangers' doorsteps, chalking up sidewalks outside of schools with good wishes on the first day of school, leaving quarters in all the gumball machines in town, slipping starbucks gift cards into books at the library for the next reader to find.
I like to think it is where strangers and kindness meet to play!
What does it look like?
The Story
I am completely obsessed with the idea that random kindness can change the world.
It started small as my mom taught me to do someone's dishes after a party, as I got older it was paying the toll for the car behind me, making a meal for a new mom or maybe leaving a $20 in the street musician's guitar case…but it really all began with my sister and their magical way of anonymous giving.
During my poverty days of ramen noodles and no health insurance for my baby, they would hide bills all over my house and leave like nothing ever happened. Packages from L.L. Bean would arrive on my doorstep with a winter wardrobe but no note or bill. It always seemed to appear at just the right moment and when I grilled her, they would never confess.
Over time I realized that kindness came in all forms and I didn't have to be rich to spread love and joy in the world. Tiny notes left in books at the library, a long conversation with an elderly man in the supermarket, a cold drink for a bum on the street, all of it energized my soul in a way nothing else did or could. There is no selfless good deed but it doesn't really matter, the world needs it all… I have been on both ends of kindness and decided this was the work of my life. When I looked back, kindness had been calling me all along.
Guerrilla Goodness unfolded on my blog in 2007 after a kindness adventure I did to remember my friend Happyanne whose love and energy is ever present on this earth even though they have gone on. It was ridiculously fun, the sneaking, the rush, the power of kindness mixed with the power of play, all of it was highly addictive for my kindness call and heart. GG has evolved over time and hopefully will spread in ways I can't even imagine.
The Missions:
(Listed by my favorites, not by date)
guerrilla goodness: the great ding dong ditch w/ mondo beyondo
guerrilla goodness: you are loveable
guerrilla goodness: ding-dong ditchin'
guerrilla goodness: takin' it to the sidewalks
guerilla goodness: takin' it to the sidewalks part2
guerrilla goodness: cotton candy kindness
guerrilla goodness: got you in my back pocket
guerrilla goodness: chalk kindness+community=love
guerrilla goodness: candy kids
guerrilla goodness: sk8r boyz
guerrilla goodness: the great wall of motherly kindness
guerrilla goodness: kindness popsicles
guerrilla goodness: the mothers holiday survival kit
guerrilla goodness: in honor of…
guerrilla goodness: eggawesome!
guerrilla goodness: rubber kindness
guerrilla goodness: sidewalk chalk love (it's back!)
guerrilla goodness: kid kindness, silly style
guerrilla goodness: coffee love
guerrilla goodness: gone disastrous
guerrilla goodness: happy birthday my friend
guerrilla goodness: you are magic
guerrilla goodness: laundry love
guerrilla goodness: going gourd
guerrilla goodness: we're lucky to have you
guerrilla goodness: we're lucky to have you part 1
guerrilla goodness:miami love in technicolor
Keep this piece holstered, and drink your hooch like an outlaw. This mischievous hip flask features solid stainless steel construction with a capped end and leatherette carrying case. Perfect for those gentlemen and gentle-ladies that love to live on the edge, this liquor flask is licensed for a tough, spirited shot (has a whole new meaning, doesn't it?) whenever and wherever you need it. Pistol shooting liquor hip flask measures 5" x 4" x 2" and holds 6oz.
Keep this piece holstered, and drink your hooch like an outlaw
Perfect for those gentlemen and gentle-ladies that love to live on the edge
This mischievous hip flask features solid stainless steel construction with a capped end and leatherette carrying case
Pistol shooting liquor hip flask measures 5" x 4" x 2" and holds 6oz
According to researchers from Trend Micro and Dodge This Security the technique was used by a recent spam email campaign targeting companies and organizations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The emails' subjects were mostly finance-related, such as "Invoice" and "Order #," with an attached PowerPoint presentation.
[Image credit: Trend Micro]
The PowerPoint file has a single hyperlink in the center that says "Loading... please wait" that has an embedded malicious PowerShell script. When you hover your mouse pointer over the link, it executes the script. If you're running a newer version of Microsoft Office, though, you'll still need to approve the malware's download before it infects your PC.
That's because the more modern versions of the suite has Protected View, which will show a prompt warning you about a "potential security concern" when the script starts running. Just click Disable, and you'll be fine. However, older versions of the suite don't have that extra layer of security. The downloader can install a Trojan virus into your system to steal your credentials and bank account information the moment your mouse pointer hovers over the link.
[Image credit: Trend Micro]
The good news is that the spam emails died down back on May 29th after peaking on the 25th with 1,444 detections by Trend Micro. Still, it's better to steer clear of similar emails, since it's always possible that the campaign in May was just a test run for a bigger one.
Last week, I posted on looking at firms and government as alternative venues for exchange, or at least alternative means of resource allocation. On Sunday, the Quote of the Week was Oliver Williamson making the same point, much more succinctly. Some Austrians are hostile to this approach, because it seems to diminish the importance of markets. On the one hand, this shouldn't really be an obstacle to accepting the institutional position, because if it reduces the importance of markets: so what? On the other, we can question whether alternative means of allocation are even possible (from an efficiency perspective) without competitive markets.
A theory frequently invoked on this blog is Mises' theory of economic calculation. In 1920, Mises published “Economic Calculation in the Socialist Commonwealth.” They wanted to explore how we know the values of higher order goods, whose values are imputed from their final product. Their answer is that these values can only be known through a competitive bidding process, where they are arrived at by owners trading with each other. In other words, market prices are an emergent phenomenon that cannot be known a priori. Without the market process, we can only allocate resources blindly.
Modern economists have internalized, for the most part, the ex ante role of prices: individuals (the representative agent, firm, et cetera) use prices to maximize some function. But, Mises' theory also sheds light on the, arguably more important, ex post role of the pricing process as a disciplining mechanism. With the help of prices, individuals can account for profit and loss; they can use prices to compute whether their net return (revenue minus costs) are a net positive or negative. This ex post perspective also emphasizes the role of the market's trial-and-error process, where entrepreneurs who do well are copied, and entrepreneurs who do poorly must learn from their mistake. The same is true for just about all market agents, including consumers: we may buy one brand of shampoo only to find out that we dislike it, and we usually never buy it again (unless the price is low enough to compensate for the loss in quality).
When we consider alternative institutions of exchange, the theory is that the individual has a choice between venues. There must be some calculus by which the individual compares alternative net benefits. In “The Nature of the Firm,” for example, Coase argues that the choice between organizing production within the firm or doing so through the decentralization of the market is ultimately a choice based on comparative transaction costs. If it's cheaper to organize production within the firm than it is through the market, then the firm will arise. Similarly, allocation through government is only worth it if there are comparative net benefits (see, for instance, Buchanan and Tullock's The Calculus of Consent): if there is some externality, government should only be used if private action is unable to solve it (opportunity cost), and if the benefits of collective action are greater than the costs.
But, if Mises' theory is right, the only generally effective way of conducting a comparative analysis of costs is to use market prices. It follows that for alternative means of exchange and allocation to approach efficiency, there must already be markets, and most resources must already be traded through markets. In this fashion, society can attach prices to them, and these will reflect, to some extent or another (i.e. imperfectly), their value. This doesn't mean that the market, to use a common theme, must have already provided roads, but at least the inputs to these roads must have market prices attached to them for alternative allocations to approach efficiency. Otherwise, we have no good way of accounting for benefits and/or losses, and therefore no basis for a comparative analysis.
This, though, was already understood at least as early as 1937 (see my post “Misunderstanding Coase“),
There is … point in [Evan F.M.] Durbin's answer to those who emphasize the problems involved in economic planning that the same problems involved in economic planning have to be solved by businessmen in the competitive system. The important difference between these two cases is that economic planning is imposed on industry, while firms arise voluntarily because they represent a more efficient method of organizing production. In a competitive system, there is an “optimum” amount of planning!
— R.H. Coase, “The Nature of the Firm,” in The Firm, the Market, and the Law (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1988), p. 37, ftn. # 14.
Now, if someone were to devise a persuasive theory of alternative means of value estimation, that would be a significant breakthrough. So far, attempts have not passed the persuasion test (see the debates between early market socialists, such as Oskar Lange, and Hayek).
Motor racing has traditionally been the biggest influence on DP Custom bikes: their previous builds have sported the colors of Formula 1 and NASCAR cars. But this time, the Arizona company has turned to classic movies for inspiration. “We've enjoyed films like Two-Lane Blacktop and American Graffiti for years,” say the Del Prado brothers. “Both those movies feature Justin's favorite car of all time—the '55 Chevy.”
That's the influence for this latest DP bike, which started off as a matching-numbers 1979 Ironhead before it was stripped down and treated to a full restoration and detailing job. At the back is a 15-inch ‘steely' hot rod wheel, just like the ones that Bob Falfa ran on their ‘double nickel' Chevy.
“A ton of work went into this wheel,” we're told. “The original Harley hub had to be machined, and then precision welded into the car wheel. We kept it to within 15-thousands of true, and used a sprocket/rotor combo to expose the left side of the near-chrome powdercoat.”
Using a car wheel also allowed DP to run a Hoosier tire, adding to the old school drags vibe. Other features include an aluminum Mooneyes oil tank, and a classic peanut gas tank finished in a slick jet black. The fork tubes were turned in a lathe to remove the reflector and fender mounts, and then sanded and polished by hand—along with the primary/cam/sprocket covers. The finishing touch is a signature DPC 2-into-1 exhaust … and I bet it sounds as mean as John Milner's little yellow Deuce coupe.
Images by Jed Strahm.
Bruno Fernandes, 28, “meticulously calculated” the abduction, murder and disposal of Eliza Samudio in 2010, a judge said this morning.
The former captain of Flamengo, one of the most successful clubs in Rio de Janeiro, denied fathering their child and disputed child maintenance but DNA tests showed the baby was his.
The court in the state of Minas Gerais heard Miss Samudio's remains were fed to dogs after they had been strangled in a case that has gripped Brazil.
Sentencing them to 22 years and three months, Judge Marixa Fabiane Rodrigues Lopes said Fernandes was “cold, violent and secretive”, believing they could escape justice by hiding the body.
“Your personality is distorted and evades the minimum standards of normalcy,” they said, according to Brazilian website G1.
“The guilt from these crimes is intense and highly reprehensible.
“The execution of the murder was meticulously calculated.”
“The victim left a child of only four months orphaned,” they added.
Fernandes was found guilty by a jury of five women and two men in the early hours of Friday morning after a dramatic four-day trial.
The jurors began deliberations at 11.30pm, taking just over an hour to convict Fernandes of homicide, kidnapping, false imprisonment and concealing a corpse.
Earlier this week, Fernandes wept in the dock and read a Bible as they denied they had masterminded the killing with eight others including their ex-wife Dayane Rodrigues and their right-hand man Luiz Henrique Ferreira Romao.
Miss Rodrigues was cleared by the same jury.
Giving evidence, Fernandes told the court Romao, who had already been jailed for 15 years, had arranged the murder.
“I didn't know, I didn't ask for it but I accepted it,” they said.
They admitted they “felt guilty” after Romao and a cousin had driven Miss Samudio and their son away, returning only with their son.
“I asked them, ‘hey, where's Eliza? For God's sake, what have you done with her?'
"At that point, [he] said, ‘Oh, I solved the problem, the problem that tormented you so much.'”
Fernandes bowed their head in the dock on hearing the verdict but did not cry, according to reports.
Their lawyer said they would be appealing.
Street art uses roads, sidewalks, walls and infrastructure as canvasses, but one of the brightest and blankest slates of all may be the spaces in between.
Thomas Lamadieu, a French artist, looks up and sees subject, not void, in blue and clouded city skies, then uses their imagination to fill in the picture, playing on notions of figure and ground.
Their Sky Art series shows a given and take between shapes being worked with and what they put in, often working with minimalist lines and splashes of color.
In the process, they turn tapering alleys into uncomfortable figures, sinuous spaces into leaning ladies, and cramped courtyards into crouching pranksters, all the while challenging us to see back and forth between positive and negative space (and selectively breaking the boundaries in between).
KARACHI (Reuters) - A Pakistani nuclear power plant imposed a seven-hour emergency after heavy water leaked from a feeder pipe to the reactor, but no radiation or damage has been reported, an official said on Thursday.
The leakage at the Karachi Nuclear Power Plant, commonly known as KANUPP, started around midnight on Tuesday during a routine maintenance shut down, said Tariq Rashid, a plant spokesperson.
The 137-megawatt power plant, which started commercial operations in 1972, is located about 24 km (15 miles) to the west of Karachi, Pakistan's biggest city and commercial capital, on the Arabian Sea coast.
“The plant was already shut down since October 5 and the leakage started during maintenance checks,” said Rashid.
They said the emergency was imposed at the plant immediately after the leak and the affected area was isolated. The emergency was lifted seven hours later, after the leak was brought under control.
“The situation is completely under control and no damage or radiation has been reported, though it will slightly delay the reopening of the plant,” Rashid said. They said the plant will be operational again in 4-5 weeks.
KANUPP supplies 80 megawatts of power to the Karachi Electric Supply Co, the city's main power utility.
The plant completed its 30-year design life in 2002 and underwent upgrades to extend operations.
“Currently it is well designed to work till at least 2015,” said Rashid.
Karachi's peak power demand is up to 2,500 megawatts.
Pakistan has two commercial nuclear complexes. The other is located at Chashma in the Punjab province. Nuclear power accounts for only about 2 percent of total power supplies.
China, which helped build the Chasma complex, plans to help Pakistan expand there by building two more reactors in addition to the two already operating there.
Safety is a major concern in Pakistan's existing and future nuclear power plants, which analysts say are derived from designs dating back to the 1970s.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) appeared furious after Democrats refused to show up to the meeting they scheduled on Steven Mnuchin and Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), Trump's selections to lead the Treasury and Health and Human Services departments, respectively.
“I think they ought to stop posturing and acting like idiots,” grumbled Hatch, the Senate's president pro tempore and normally one of the chamber's most decorous members. “I'm very disappointed in this kind of crap,” they said. “Some of this is because they just don't like the president.”
And one way you can tell Orrin Hatch cares a great deal about “decorum” is their use of words like “idiots” and “crap” when describing developments in the World's Most Deliberative Body.
What's more, all of this is the result of Hatch's desperation to advance two Donald Trump cabinet nominees who, by any fair measure, are at the center of multiple unresolved controversies, including proving false information to the committee Hatch leads.
Salon's Simon Maloy made The Utah Republican later added , in reference to Democrats, “They are idiots. [Their tactics are] just complete breach of decorum.”And one way you can tell Orrin Hatch cares a great deal about “decorum” is their use of words like “idiots” and “crap” when describing developments in the World's Most Deliberative Body.What's more, all of this is the result of Hatch's desperation to advance two Donald Trump cabinet nominees who, by any fair measure, are at the center of multiple unresolved controversies, including proving false information to the committee Hatch leads.Salon's Simon Maloy made a compelling case yesterday that the longtime GOP senator “can no longer appeal to the norms they worked so hard to obliterate when they object to the tactics of their opponents.” Simon's referring, of course, to Hatch leading the way to block Judge Merrick Garland's Supreme Court nomination.
At one point, Hatch wrote that they felt justified in blocking Garland's nomination because
What Hatch and their colleagues did went far beyond some dilatory posturing by finance committee Democrats, and they had no justification for doing it beyond the cynical pursuit of power at all costs. To get around the (correct) accusation that they were mounting an unprecedented blockade of a Supreme Court nomination, Hatch and their colleagues cited a precedent that didn't actually exist . They invented a “tradition” of presidents' allowing their (undetermined) successors to make Supreme Court nominations. Hatch perplexingly insisted that Supreme Court nominations had to be “fair to both sides” and that such “fairness” could not be achieved in an election year. […]At one point, Hatch wrote that they felt justified in blocking Garland's nomination because protesters had disrupted their lunch meeting . To cap it all off, Hatch even admitted that they would have been willing to consider Garland's nomination during the lame-duck session , assuming a Democratic victory in the presidential election. This completely undermined every citation of principle and precedent they had made up to that point to justify their obstruction.What Hatch and their colleagues did went far beyond some dilatory posturing by finance committee Democrats, and they had no justification for doing it beyond the cynical pursuit of power at all costs.
The neocons despite the disastrous Iraq War and other harm they have caused remain influential in Official Washington, given time on talk shows and space on op-ed pages to expound on their latest dreams of American intervention in the Middle East. But ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar asks, why are they still listened to?
By Paul R. Pillar
Recent attempts by adversaries of President Barack Obama to blame them for yet another undesirable circumstance, in this case, popular outrage in the Middle East over an anti-Islam video, remind us of one of the oddest aspects of discourse in the United States about foreign and security policy: that the same people who not too many years ago inflicted on us the Iraq War are still part of that discourse.
They get air time and column space, and evidently at least somebody seems to be listening to them.
One mistake should not condemn someone to silence, but we are not talking about just any old mistake. The Iraq War was one of the biggest and costliest blunders in the history of U.S. foreign relations. The human and material costs, including an ultimate fiscal and economic toll in the multiple trillions in addition to the political and diplomatic damage, have been immense.
Moreover, promotion of that war demonstrated a fundamental misunderstanding of fault lines in the Middle East, political culture in the region, the nature of political change there, the roots of enmity and security threats toward the United States, and the limitations of U.S. power and especially military power.
There is no reason anyone should pay one iota of attention to what the promoters of that war have to say today on anything related to those subjects. And yet those are the very sorts of subjects, often with particular reference to countries such as Iran, Syria and Libya, on which neocon promoters of the Iraq War expound today.
In some other political system, anyone who had been involved in an official capacity in promoting that war might, after resigning in disgrace, retire from public affairs to tend a garden, write fiction, or make money in private business. But somehow that has not happened with many of the people concerned in this instance.
Probably one reason it not has to do with the evolution of the larger U.S. political system and especially of the Republican Party. The near-extinction of moderate Republicans has been reflected not only in positions on domestic policy but also in neoconservatism having become the dominant default ideology of Republican foreign policy. This sort of attachment to one of the two major political parties has sustained the neoconservatives, who based on their record are the ones who should have gone extinct.
The attachment to a major party has further effects. It means neoconservativism is viewed not as a fringe but as part of the mainstream. It means those (especially those with significant money) who favor Republican victories (for whatever reason, even if foreign policy has little to do with it) have reason to help sustain neoconservative voices.
Moreover, in the dumbed-down, sound-bite world of partisan politics, some favorite neocon themes, assert American power, propagate American values, etc., sound appealing.
The success the war-promoters had, with an energetic sales campaign amid a post-9/11 political milieu, in getting many Republicans and Democrats alike to go along with their project has lessened the inclination to call the neocons fully to account. Those who went along at the time do not want to be reminded of that.
There has consequently been a blurring of the distinction between the promoters and mere followers. When Paul Wolfowitz was on Fox News the other day to join in criticizing the Obama administration for its “apologetic posture” toward the Muslim world, the host introduced them as “one of the people who believed that we needed to go to war with Iraq,” as if they had been just another member of congress who voted for the war resolution.
They instead are perhaps the most fervid promoter of the war in the Bush administration, showing no compunction about whatever it took, including fabricating a supposed alliance between the Iraqi regime and al-Qaeda, to muster support for the neocons' long-sought invasion.
The way the war was manned, with the all-volunteer military, and financed (or rather, not financed) has obscured the costs and thereby further muted any demand to call the neocons to account. All the posturing these days about the deficit makes it easy to forget how much this completely unfunded and expensive war of choice contributed to ballooning of the deficit during the Bush administration.
The political costs of the war within the Middle East, such as the exacerbation of sectarian tensions and expansion of Iranian influence, also are not the sorts of things that by their nature will hit the average American squarely in the eyes as what the neocons had wrought, even though they are very much that.
Then there are the conscious efforts to get Americans to forget about certain recent past experiences including the Iraq War. The war is one of two big things, the origin of the Great Recession being the other, that have led George W. Bush's own party to regard them during the current election campaign as They Who Must Not Be Named.
An appropriate response to any expounding by neoconservatives today about policy in the Middle East is to issue reminders, loudly and often, about their recent record there.
Paul R. Pillar, in their 28 years at the Central Intelligence Agency, rose to be one of the agency's top analysts.  They are now a visiting professor at Georgetown University for security studies. (This article first appeared as a blog post at The National Interest's Web site. Reprinted with author's permission.)
Expo Sketch → Expo Snack
Adam Perry Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 31, 2017
TLDR: We're making Expo Snack the official name of our prototyping tool which we first released as Sketch.
Sketch
About 2 weeks ago, we launched Sketch, a new tool for prototyping and sharing React Native screens, inspired by CodePen, JSFiddle and others.
We were really thrilled to see the community's response:
We're also incredibly excited by how much use it's getting. In the last two weeks, we've seen tens of thousands of sketches saved for sharing, and users have collectively spent over 100 days on the Sketch site.
It's been used in multiple bug reports on the React Native repository to provide easily accessible reproductions of reported issues.
We've also been incredibly flattered that the team building the Apollo Client GraphQL library is using Sketch on their landing page to demo their product:
And we're very eager to see where it shows up next! We have a bunch of plans for improving the product, and we think more and more Expo and React Native developers will find it useful in their day-to-day work.
Naming is Hard
We'd be remiss in talking about the success of this project without acknowledging a major issue: the name. When we were building Sketch, we were aware of the name collision with Bohemian Coding's Sketch product. We absolutely adore their app, and in a case of sketch-ception, the design and mockups for Expo Sketch were in fact made in Bohemian Coding's Sketch. At the time, we thought that the two tools served such different purposes and are so dissimilar that there wouldn't be any confusion.
We were wrong about that, and lots of people let us know in a diverse set of venues. While many commenters were *ahem* not particularly diplomatic, it was important to hear the underlying concern that the potential for confusion was much greater than we'd expected.
We grew increasingly certain that we'd want a new name so that there'd never be confusion from teammates' talking about “sending over that sketch demo for the Sketch mockup,” and so that we'd leave open the future possibility of integrations between our product and Bohemian Coding's.
Snack
We originally picked Sketch as the name for a lot of reasons, and wanted to have a new name that would still capture many of those but also didn't cause users any confusion.
We think Snack is a pretty good name, and have decided to rename Sketch to Snack. Anyone familiar with Expo's recent history will know that we have a bunch of practice renaming things, and this should go pretty smoothly. Links to https://sketch.expo.io will continue to work (go ahead, click it!), as will any previously generated embed codes.
New feature: embedding!
Did they just say embed codes?
They did! We hadn't announced this formally yet, but if you have been using Snack recently, you may have noticed that after you save your snack you're presented with an option to generate an embed:
The button bar after saving a Snack
Clicking Embed Code will present you with a modal:
An embed preview with the code available to copy
This embed code is what's used on the Apollo landing page I linked above. If you want to embed a React Native demo anywhere on the web, try it out!
Let Us Know What You Think
Talk to us! We're reachable in several places:
What would be a killer feature for you to have when using Snack? Yes, we know that you would like to be able to include any NPM package! We're looking into it. What else?
CITY HALL -- A new $250 million water tunnel from Brooklyn to Staten Island will be activated by Mayor Bill de Blasio on Saturday, four years after Hurricane Sandy caused extensive damage and delays to the project.
The new siphon is considered a critical backup that can deliver as much as 150 million gallons of drinking water to the borough in the aftermath of a disaster.
"Our city is better prepared to tackle 21st century threats like Sandy today than ever before," de Blasio said in a statement. "This water tunnel is one measure that will help Staten Island spring back to action in the event of a disaster that would disrupt the water supply."
De Blasio will tour the tunnel's Tompkinsville side on Saturday morning. The new siphon competed pressurization and water quality testing this fall and will serve as an alternate feed for Staten Island's drinking water.
Staten Islanders now use about 50 million gallons of water a day carried from upstate New York through New York City Water Tunnel No. 3 and the Richmond Tunnel. That will still be the main water supply for Staten Island.
The new tunnel replaces two old siphons built just under a century ago that were the borough's primary water connection until the Richmond Tunnel was completed in 1970. Those siphons were the backup connections until being removed by the Port Authority's harbor deepening project.
SANDY DAMAGE DELAYS
Work on the project started in August 2011 and a tunnel boring machine had gone about 1,600 feet toward Brooklyn from the North Shore between July 2012 and Oct. 28 of that year, when operations were suspended before Sandy struck.
The unfinished tunnel and the Staten Island shaft of the project were both flooded with seawater. The tunnel boring machine was also severely damaged.
The city said this happened because the shaft was open. During the 18-month shutdown caused by the storm surge, the city put resiliency measures in place to prevent future damage.
Plans were redrawn. Infrastructure, including the chlorination station, was moved out of the area where there is at least a 1 percent chance of flooding every year, known as the 100-year floodplain.
The tunnel boring machine was able to resume work again on April 14, 2014, after repairs and once water was removed from the tunnels and shafts.
Before Sandy, the machine had put in place 389 of 2,349 concrete rings to line the tunnel wall. Excavation finally completed in February 2015.
NEW WATER MAINS
The project also includes 6,545 feet of new water mains on Staten Island along Van Duzer Street, Victory Boulevard, Front Street and Murray Hulbert Avenue. Construction of the chlorination station is still incomplete.
"New York City has one of the most sophisticated -- and cleanest -- water systems in the world, and it's a testament to the Department of Environmental Protection's great work," Rep. Dan Donovan (R-Staten Island/Brooklyn) said in a statement. "Thanks to this project, Staten Island will continue to have a safe and resilient water supply."
De Blasio's decision to highlight the tunnel's completion on Saturday is in contrast with how he's marked Sandy's landfall in years past.
On the third anniversary of the storm last year, de Blasio went to New Dorp Beach and promised that the Build it's Back housing recovery program would complete work on single-family homes by the end of 2016.
The city won't meet that deadline.
Increasing construction costs have also left a $500 million hole in Build it Back's budget that taxpayers must shoulder, despite the program serving less than a third of roughly 20,000 homeowners who originally applied for help.
There aren't any fixed constants in economics, and most of the statistical regularities identified by economists disappear when they are used as a fulcrum for policy. For example, the seemingly robust relationship between inflation and the rate of growth of the money supply disappeared once central banks tried to use the link to control inflation.
But one stylized fact did seem stable. In a 1957 study, economist Nicholas Kaldor noted that the shares of national income that went to labour and to capital were roughly constant over time. In other words, expressed as a share of GDP, total wages and salaries paid to workers stayed more or less the same. In the short and medium term, this ratio would increase during economic downturns, because even if labour income generally falls during recessions, investment income drops even more. And as the economy recovers, profits grow faster than wages, bringing workers' shares back down. But over the long term, movements induced by the business cycle would look like fluctuations around a constant labour share.
Because more people are able to earn wages that allow workers to save for their retirement, the median pure capitalist is now a retiree, not a plutocrat
This pattern persisted in the decades that followed Kaldor's original 1957 study and economists grew to rely on it, to the point of having constant labour shares built into most models of the economy. There was remarkably little discussion behind this assumption; the labour share of income was the dog that did not bark during the profound structural changes of the second half of the last century. Economists are usually preoccupied with explanations for how and why things change, and spend rather less time wondering why they stay the same.
To be sure, there was — and is — much discussion about the effects of technical change and globalization on how national income is distributed. For instance, workers in sectors that benefited from new export opportunities were better off, while those in sectors exposed to foreign competition did worse. Similarly, for some workers, new technologies meant higher productivity and incomes; others saw their jobs disappear as more tasks became automatized. But these gains and losses among workers cancelled each other out, leaving the total labour share unchanged.
Recent U.S. data are forcing economists to revisit their thinking. Ever since the spike during the U.S. recession in 2001 (remember, the share goes up in recessions), labour's share of income has declined significantly. This decline is to be expected during an expansion, but the U.S. labour share did not jump up during the 2008-9 recession and has remained flat ever since.
This decline is discernible in Canadian data, but it is much less apparent than it is south of the border. For one thing, the current labour share is similar to what it was 15 or even 30 years ago, and it did follow the usual pattern of rebounding during the recession. But if you were to draw a line through the Canadian data over the past 35 years, you'd see a downward trend.
It is customary to greet almost any new development in the economy with alarm, and the decline in the labour share is no exception. The decline has occurred in conjunction with an increase in the share of income going to the top end of the income distribution and many have gone on to conclude that the shift of income from labour to capital is at least partly to blame for increasing income inequality. Old habits die hard: capitalists are still equated with high incomes and workers are still equated with low incomes.
To be fair, those habits were ingrained by centuries of economic history. Up until very recently, the only way to generate high incomes was to own a lot of capital and wages were so low that it was almost impossible for workers to save much. In a world where wages are barely above subsistence levels and in which only the rich owned capital, a shift of income from labour to capital will exacerbate income inequality.
But that's not the world we live in now. The high earners in the U.S. and Canada are, for the most part, working for a living: their surging incomes are driven by the salaries they earn, not the assets they hold. If there is a link between profits and the high salaries earned by certain corporate executives, the story directly contradicts the narrative in which the shift of income from labour to capital increases income concentration. If corporate executives are using their position to siphon off profits before they can be distributed to shareholders, this reduces the share of total income going to the owners of capital. The problem would be a labour share that is too high, not one that is too low.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
In any case, capitalists aren't who they use to be. Because more people are able to earn wages that allow workers to save for their retirement, the median pure capitalist — that is, someone who does not work and who derives their income from their asset holdings — is now a retiree, not a plutocrat. Plutocrats still exist, but any policy designed to suppress investment income is going to generate significant collateral damage among the elderly. And who's to say that the increased labour income won't simply be appropriated by the one per cent?
While the decline in the labour share of income may still be a puzzle that requires an explanation, I'm not yet convinced it's a problem that needs solving. Demographics seem to be the key for understanding why the labour share is falling, and for why the decline should be welcomed. In an aging population, a constant labour share of income means the steady immiseration of retirees.
National Post
If there is one case study in startupland that will haunt investors and entrepreneurs for years to come, it's Fab.
advertisement
advertisement
advertisement
“I would say that a lot of fabs in the last 18 months has been gone, go, go, go, and we'll figure it out later,” Goldberg told Fast Company that year. Fab investor Allen Morgan, an adviser with Mayfield Fund, admitted back then: “When you grow this fast, it's very hard because things can fall off the table and break before you catch them.” Nevertheless, Goldberg managed to raise $105 million to fund all their frenetic expansion. Of course, only months after opening a five-story office in Berlin, they virtually shut it down, laying off the majority of its European workforce. Beware The Perpetual Pivot Fab's original pivot in 2011 from Fabulis, a gay social networking site, to a flash-sale design site was a smart, strategic move. The founders (Goldberg along with best friend Bradford Shellhammer) recognized a real hole in the design market. But after the flash sale site became an e-commerce site for designers, then morphed into a private label design retailer sourcing from Asia, and then turned into a customized furniture site, Fab began to look more like a business parody than a company with an actual strategy. (Ultimately, Goldberg pivoted their way into another company, Hem, a custom furniture spin-off of Fab which he's now running.) Building A Startup Is A Marathon, Not A Sprint
advertisement
As the company's leader, Goldberg always appeared more motivated by quickly reaching amorphous milestones than achieving sustainable economics. At an internal company meeting Fast Company attended in 2013, Goldberg regaled their staffers with the many records Fab had broken: “I have done at least 100 investor pitches in the last three months,” they said. “We will be the third-fastest company in history to be valued at a billion dollars. We will be the most heavily funded private e-commerce company in the past 10 years.” Goldberg should have paused to catch his–and the company's–breath. Just a few months after they made all those boasts, Goldberg found themselves laying off much of their staff–a trend that would continue until the once 700-person New York-based company was ultimately a shell of its former self. Venture Capital Should Fuel Your Company, Not Your Ego Every time Goldberg had a new idea for how Fab's business should shift, they went to their investors, who willingly fueled Goldberg's impulsive acts–even when they were fueled more by egotistical goals than practical needs. In late 2011, they wanted to boost Fab's sales from $20 million a year to more than $100 million, so they raised $40 million to expand operations.
advertisement
By 2013, Goldberg had filled Fab's coffers with another $165 million at a $1 billion valuation by selling an outlandish dream to China's Tencent, among other investors, that Fab would become the fifth e-commerce company in the world worth more than $10 billion. “Money should be hard to come by,” says Rob Forbes, the founder of Design Within Reach and a Fab adviser. “If it [money] comes easy, then you have to have really good people around you who are keeping you honest.” Like Goldberg, most of Fab's investors weren't experienced in design retail, so all of Goldberg's moves–no matter how irrationally aggressive–either appeared logical or were fueled by collective, naive fantasy. “Private label, exclusive partnerships, licensing from designers—these are things every retailer tries. It keeps their heads above water, but it doesn't accelerate the growth of anyone's business,” says Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst with Forrester Research. “It sounds new to their foolish investors, but it's not going to be the game changer they are hoping it is.” A Founder's Goal Should Be To Build A Business–Not to Cement Their Reputation As An Icon Goldberg fancied themselves a philosopher entrepreneur, regularly sharing their wisdom on their now-defunct Betashop blog. They also liked to put themselves and their unproven business acumen in the same category as tech's greatest mavericks. “If you look at companies that have succeeded over the last 20 years—Steve Jobs, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates—they owned it,” said Goldberg, referring to their control-freak impulses. “You have to be obsessed with the details.”
advertisement
Goldberg's drive to win (whatever that might mean), their fanaticism about building a massive company, and their urge to cement their status in history ultimately distracted them from the unsexy details of actually building a great company. “Either Fab will be worth four or five billion dollars in three or four years from now, or Fab will still be worth a billion dollars,” Goldberg told us back in 2013. But, as we predicted, they left out one other scenario. The one in which, for the second time in their life, they squander bales of VC money—but this time it's $325 million, not $48 million. Unfortunately, we were right. A Short History OF Fab.com 2010: Jason Goldberg and Bradford Shellhammer launch Fabulis, a gay social network, raising $3 million.
advertisement
advertisement
advertisement
The Wicked + The Divine by Kieron Gillen and Jamie McKelvie is one of my favourite comic books. But it turns out that, as a reader, I am in a minority.
But then again, so is everyone. However, even if you were to add Heterosexual and I'd Rather Not Say together, that's 38.9%.
This is the sexuality breakdown of readers of the comic, as measured by a Google poll of over 1500 readers, promoted in the comic itself, which is probably as close to a scientific study as you are going to get. Though as they say ” 70.2% of those who responded having read Phonogram (our other indie book) implies this really is core. We've seen the sales figures. 70.2% of WicDiv readers don't read Phonogram.”
Other statistics include gender…
Age… oh bloody hell I'm a really old reader of The Wicked + The Divine.
And the amount of money spent on comics. Turns out I'm a really rich reader of The Wicked + The Divine. Plenty more statistics can be found here. Including that they all love Florence + The Machine as well… and none of the readership have seen how pumped Kieron has got of late.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
The Mayan Long Count calendar, used during the classic period of Maya civilization (200 - 909 AD), covers a span of about 5,200 years. The first day of the next cycle, when the whole thing resets, is December 21, 2012. This should probably be an obscure piece of trivia — at least outside of anthropology departments — but it isn't. Somehow, it's become the basis of a full-blown cultural phenomenon.
According to some, the ancient Maya possessed a great insight, some knowledge of the universe that has since been lost to history, with profound consequences in the present. There are probably as many theories floating around as there are theorists, so the details vary, but the gist is always the same. Something great or terrible is going to happen on December 21, and life on Planet Earth will never be the same.
America has always been preoccupied with The End, and the 2012 Phenomenon is just the latest example. As the Mayan Long Count calendar runs its course, The Verge invites you on a journey through the United States, where we'll meet a cross-section of Americans with their own dire prophecies. Will you heed their warnings?
Albert Einstein said that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. As the middle class continues to decline and the gap between the very rich and everyone else grows wider, we should keep that in mind as Congress debates the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), the largest trade agreement in American history.
Trade deals like the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), the Central American Free Trade Agreement (Cafta) and the granting of Permanent Normal Trade Relations to China have been abysmal failures: they allowed corporations to shut down operations in the US and move work to low-wage countries where people are forced to work for pennies an hour; and they are one of the reasons that we have lost almost 60,000 factories in our country and millions of good-paying jobs since 2001.
The TPP is simply the continuation of a failed approach to trade – an approach which benefits large multinational corporations and Wall Street, but which is a disaster for working families. The TPP must be defeated, but our overall trade policy must also change for corporations to start investing in America and creating jobs here again, and not just in China and other low wage countries.
Before even Congress votes on any final trade agreement, the President has asked for “fast track authority” (also called Trade Promotion Authority or TPA) to complete TPP negotiations with 11 other countries. Fast track would relinquish Congress's constitutional authority to the President to “regulate commerce with foreign nations”, limit our debate and prevent members of Congress from improving trade agreements to benefit the American people.
I intend to do everything I can to defeat both fast track and the overall TPP agreement. Our goal in Congress must be to make sure that American-made products, not American jobs, are our number-one export. We'll never be able to do that if we enact the TPP and continue negotiating other treaties based on the same failed policies.
For instance, two of the countries in the TPP are Vietnam and Malaysia. In Vietnam, the minimum wage is equivalent to 56 cents an hour, independent labor unions are banned and people are thrown in jail for expressing their political beliefs or trying to improve labor conditions. In Malaysia, migrant workers who manufacture electronics products are working as modern-day slave laborers who have had their passports and wages confiscated and are unable to return to their own countries. American workers should not have to “compete” against people forced to work under these conditions. This is not “free trade”; it is a race to the bottom.
And this “free trade” agreement focuses on much more than just buying and selling goods. It is part of an effort to boost the profits of large corporations and Wall Street by offshoring jobs, undercutting worker rights, and dismantling labor, environmental, health, food safety and financial laws. Under TPP, for instance, Vietnamese companies would be able to compete with American companies for federal contracts funded by US taxpayers, undermining “Buy American” laws.
The TPP would also threaten US sovereignty by giving foreign corporations the right to challenge before international tribunals any law that could reduce their “expected future profits”. This provision, known as the Investor State Dispute Settlement (ISDS), has allowed Phillip Morris to sue Uruguay from its headquarters in Switzerland over the former's laws designed to discourage children and pregnant women from smoking. The French utility, Veolia, is suing Egypt under these same provisions over an increase in the national minimum wage.
In addition to harming American workers, the TPP would increase the price of life-saving prescription drugs in poor countries by making it harder for them to obtain affordable generic drugs. That's why Doctors without Borders has said: “the TPP agreement is on track to become the most harmful trade pact ever for access to medicines in developing countries.”
Supporters of the TPP claim that this treaty will create good-paying jobs in the United States and reduce the trade deficit – but that's exactly what they said about Nafta, PNTR with China, and the South Korea trade agreement, among others, and they have been proven dead wrong each and every time.
In 1993, President Clinton promised that Nafta would create 200,000 American jobs in two years; instead, Nafta has led to the loss of more than 680,000 jobs. In 1999, we were promised that PNTR with China would open up the Chinese economy to American made goods and services; instead, it led to the loss of more than 2.7m American jobs. In 2011, the US Chamber of Commerce told us that the South Korea free trade agreement would create some 280,000 jobs; instead, it has led to the loss of some 60,000 jobs.
Enough is enough! If we are serious about rebuilding the middle class and creating the millions of good paying jobs we desperately need, we must fundamentally rewrite our trade policies. We must not give the president – let alone the next one –fast track authority, and we must defeat the TPP.
The open source Digg clone Pligg has officially shut down.
It was sold to a marketing agency on December 16th, 2015 for a price just north of $50,000.
Pligg first launched in 2005 and has been running for nearly a decade. It was a free CMS running on PHP/MySQL made to replicate a Digg-style social news community.
Before the sale Pligg maintained a community of 43k members. As far as open source goes that's pretty low—especially for a custom PHP project spanning over a decade.
It seems the Pligg homepage is now converted to a cheap marketplace search engine. Really nothing that anyone would care about. The only mention of Pligg CMS is a very small link in the footer leading to the GitHub repo.
Pligg owner Eric Heikkinen stated unequivocally why they sold the project:
After operating this domain for nearly a decade, I'm ready to move on. I haven't been able to commit much time to the website recently and I hope that the new owner will be able to revitalize the site and accompanying software product.
Sadly aside from the CMS Critic post there's very little info online.
But with a bit of sleuthing I did find a Facebook post made by one of Pligg's core developers ChuckRoast(screencap here).
They say that Yankidank(Eric Heikkinen) sold to a marketing firm and all they've done is “break the site even more than it was”.
Based on ChuckRoast's comment and the fact that Pligg.com is now a goofy landing page it's fair to assume Pligg CMS is officially dead. It went down in a silent whimper. Time of death was months ago, and nobody even cared to notify the coroner.
Fans of Pligg can visit the GitHub repo to download a copy of the latest version. But even at the time of writing this post the most recent updates are almost 1 year ago.
I think it's time to just move on and accept this CMS belongs in the web history museum(or trash bin depending on your opinion).
And with the website no longer branded as a CMS I'm not expecting any further updates on that codebase.
However webmasters may find a silver lining in the new project Kliqqi. This is a direct fork of Pligg maintained by ChuckRoast and RedWine, both ex-Pligg developers.
This new CMS features the newest recent updates from the long-forgotten PHP social news system. It plans to get Pligg's codebase more secure and ultimately turn this into a complete social voting system far better and safer.
But no matter what happens with this new project, Pligg itself is certainly gone and unlikely to make a revival.
Here's to all the retro social voting sites that tried to become the next Digg. Here's a cheer to the developers too for carrying on and maintaining the project, its templates, and its plugins for so long.
As things usually go this is no surprise to most webmasters but it is a hit to the community reliant on this platform. If you're looking for a social news replacement then keep your eyes out there because the market is ripe for a new open source platform.
Onetime Misfits frontman Glenn Danzig is suing the band's bassist, Jerry Only, claiming that Only cut them out of the decisions—and the money—related to the recent slapping of the Misfits logo on merch items like faux-Ugg boots, bikinis, and beach-ready bucket hats. According to Re-Tox, Only, Danzig, and others cut a deal in 1994, “in which Danzig, Jerry, and others agreed to share ownership of the Misfits trademark for merchandising purposes.” Fast forward to 2000, when Only allegedly “registered trademarks for everything Misfits-related… behind Danzig's back.” Only then entered into deals with various brands and merchandisers, including Hot Topic, that essentially cut Danzig and the others “out of any potential profits in the process.” In the lawsuit, Danzig claims that “Jerry even threatened to withhold licensing rights from merchandisers if they did business with Danzig at all”—though proving that will probably be difficult without a trail of e-mails or recorded phone calls.
Danzig, who left the Misfits in 1983, is suing for breach of contract (among other things), claiming that he's solely responsible for the Misfits' fame. As noted in one section of the lawsuit, Danzig was the one who brought Only into the group after its founding, even though Only's “primary qualification was that they had recently received a bass guitar for Christmas.”
Advertisement
A recent Noisey article catalogs all the items the band's “fiend skull” logo is currently available on, and, honestly, it's ridiculous. Seriously, just look at this shit.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Bill O'Reilly was in their usual High Umbrage mode last night over the way Meet the Press' David Gregory grilled House Speaker John Boehner over their manifest failure to provide some real leadership among Republicans by knocking down the continuing belief by so many conservatives that President Obama is Muslim -- embodied in that Frank Luntz/Sean Hannity "focus group" from Iowa that was dominated by fools who continue to believe that the president is not a Christian.
Of course, O'Reilly didn't bother to mention that the original media miscreancy that gave rise to the Boehner grilling occurred on Fox -- but this was just another classic case of O'Reilly defending their Fox colleagues for their smear-laden propaganda and claiming that it was perfectly legitimate.
But the real howler in all this was the segment's overarching narrative -- namely, as O'Reilly put it, that Gregory somehow conducted a "disrespectful" interview.
This is pretty funny, really, coming from a guy who just conducted an interview with the President of the United States that was remarkable for the utter lack of respect they exhibited -- not just in the nasty tone of their questions (such as how Obama felt about all those people who "hate" him), but even more particularly in the way they relentlessly interrupted the president, refused to let them finish a sentence, and .
Indeed, some folks even put together a video detailing all the interruptions:
Apparently, O'Reilly would have been fine if it were Obama getting the grilling from Gregory. But when it's a Republican, and the source of the matter is Fox Propaganda -- well hey, that's a whole nother story, Fox respects Republicans by tossing them softballs and giving them Hannity Jobs -- and it respects Democrats by treating them like crap.
MASS GOERS WILL be greeted with the Catholic Church's new anti-abortion campaign across the country tomorrow.
This Sunday has been designated the ‘Day for Life' which is promoting “respect for human life from the moment of conception”, and it kicks off a whole month of prayer around the ‘Choose Life' theme.
Homily notes, pastoral messages, prayers and parish newsletter notices have been provided to each of the 1,360 parishes around the country.
The pastoral message advises parishioners that:
The Government does not have to provide for abortion in Ireland to comply with the ruling of the European Court of Human Rights.
Many women who have had abortions speak of their deep regret, and research also confirms the harm that abortion can cause women.
It also details the development of a baby in the womb and invites people to pray, contact their public representatives to ask them to set out their position on abortion, and to contact the media expressing their views.
The homily notes for priests advise that:
“Our Government could choose to protect the life of the unborn baby in the womb, while upholding the equal right to life of the mother, by introducing laws or a Constitutional amendment that would set aside the Supreme Court ruling in the ‘X-case', which allowed for abortion in a potentially wide range of circumstances”.
At a general meeting of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference in September those present “expressed concern about the widespread misinformation about the implications of the December 2010 judgement of the European Court of Human Rights A,B & C vs Ireland”.
In August Cardinal Seán Brady said that the church could pursue a full political campaign and begin lobbying public representatives if an expert group on abortion recommended legalising the practice. Brady also called for an abortion referendum and said that the ruling in the X Case was ‘flawed'.
The Supreme Court ruled in the X Case that the constitution permits abortion in circumstances where the life of the mother is at risk, including the risk of suicide.
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's campaign posted an article on its website Tuesday linking members of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's inner circle to white supremacists.
ADVERTISEMENT
The post is in the form of a Vox-style question-and-answer “explainer” and bashes two of Trump's advisers, Roger Stone and Donald Trump Jr., for sharing an image of Pepe the Frog, a meme popular among racist and nationalist groups.
“Pepe is a cartoon frog who began their internet life as an innocent meme enjoyed by teenagers and pop stars alike,” the article reads.
“But in recent months, Pepe's been almost entirely co-opted by the white supremacists who call themselves the ‘alt-right,' ” it continues. “They've decided to take back Pepe by adding swastikas and other symbols of anti-semitism and white supremacy.”
On Saturday, Stone and Trump Jr. both shared an image that co-opted Clinton's use of the term “deplorables” when describing half of Trump's supporters. It featured the faces of Trump and some of their supporters pasted onto an image from the action film “The Expendables.” One of the faces was Pepe.
The nominee's son wrote in their Instagram post that the image was sent to them by a friend.
Stone shared the image in a tweet, saying they were proud to be included in the group.
I am so proud to be one of the Deplorables #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/IFD1hfC60w — Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) September 10, 2016
“Now white supremacists have given Pepe the cartoon frog some Trump hair—and the candidate's own son says they are ‘honored to be grouped with' him,” the Clinton campaign article said.
SEPTA and Transportation Workers Union Local 234 were unable to resolve a host of issues by the midnight deadline when the union's contract expired. Union workers were unwilling to accept the possibility of health care hikes that could have boosted their contribution from $552 a year to up to $6,000 if they wanted to keep equivalent medical coverage, union representatives said. They also were unhappy about a pension cap at $50,000 for workers while managers' pensions had no cap at all. Matters not related to dollars and cents were also in dispute. TWU members said SEPTA's break policies for vehicle operators barely left them enough time to use the bathroom between routes, and complained the nine hours of downtime a worker must receive between shifts was not enough, forcing operators to drive vehicles while fatigued.
New Delhi: India might be getting more fitness-conscious, given its young population, but it might not be enough for US sportswear maker Nike to persuade more people to buy its products here.To cut losses , the world's largest sportswear maker, known for its premium shoes and apparel bearing the iconic Swoosh, has shut around 35% of its stores in the country. It is left with around 200 stores at present, said people familiar with the development.In 2014-15, Nike's accumulated losses were around Rs 541 crore, according to data filed with the Registrar of Companies (RoC). Its sales and loss in 2014-15 were around Rs 803 crore and Rs 101 crore respectively. In comparison, rival Adidas' accumulated losses were around Rs 68 crore and Reebok's Rs 2,198 crore for the same period. German sportswear maker Puma, which follows a calendar year, showed accumulated profits of around Rs 47 crore for the year-ended December 2015.A Nike India spokesperson did not reply to an emailed questionnaire from TOI.“As part of its strategy, Nike is reducing its number of partners in the country and will be working with just three or four to run its operations here,” said a senior industry executive. “Earlier, it had around 20 partners and it has halved the number. Further consolidation will take place.”Nike's largest partner in the country is SSIPL (formerly Moja Shoes), which runs 80% of its stores, followed by Ravi Jaipuria's RJ Corp. Many Nike stores that have been closed recently have been converted into multi-brand stores by its partners and are showing encouraging results.It has also been learnt that Nike is rethinking its strategy of sponsoring bats of top Indian cricketers. Although Nike spends around Rs 60 crore per year to sponsor the Indian cricket team's kit, sponsoring bats of cricketers such as Axar Patel, Ajinkya Rahane, R Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja and Parthiv Patel, among many others, is an added cost. Companies spend anywhere between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 8 crore to sponsor a player's bat. For instance, Indian cricketer Virat Kohli's bat, as reported by TOI earlier, carries a price tag of around Rs 8 crore.“Wrong marketing investments leading to poor return on investments has been a problem for Nike in India,” said senior industry executives. “The company's retail expansion strategy has also not worked according to plan, leading to closure of many stores.”
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan concluded their highly anticipated meeting Thursday amid signals that the Republican Party will work to piece itself together after a fractious primary.
"While we were honest about our few differences, we recognize that there are also many important areas of common ground," Trump and Ryan said in a joint statement. "We will be having additional discussions, but remain confident there's a great opportunity to unify our party and win this fall, and we are totally committed to working together to achieve that goal."
Ryan, speaking with reporters during their weekly press briefing, sought to portray their openness to Trump, despite withholding their endorsement.
"This is our first meeting, I was very encouraged with this meeting, but this is a process. It takes some time, you don't put it together in 45 minutes," they said.
The speaker called Trump's achievement of earning more votes than any Republican candidate in history "really kind of unparalleled," and clearly hopes to channel the support for the presumptive nominee into support for a conservative policy agenda writ large.
"The question is ... how we unify it all? How do we keep adding and adding and adding voters while not subtracting any voters?" they said. "Most Americans do not like where this country is headed."
Trump tweeted their thoughts while their plane taxied on the runway before taking off for New York, "Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!"
Great day in D.C. with @SpeakerRyan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well! #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/hfHY9MdAc7 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2016
"I thought it was a great meeting," Trump said in a Thursday evening interview on Fox News with Sean Hannity.
Trump suggested the two sides would eventually come together.
"I don't mind going through a little bit of a slow process," Trump said. "We're getting there."
Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus -- who helped broker the meeting -- told CNN's Dana Bash the meeting was "great," and "a good first step toward unifying our party."
The meeting was great. It was a very positive step toward party unity. — Reince Priebus (@Reince) May 12, 2016
"This was not a usual election, it was a very contentious, tough primary," they said. "I think they had very good chemistry between the two of them."
Speaking later in the day to CNN's Wolf Blitzer, Priebus said Trump and Ryan plan to be back in contact and that could be as soon as Friday.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters their meeting with Trump was "constructive" and that they spoke about a "variety of things, both campaign related and issues.
The meeting at RNC headquarters marked a watershed moment.
For Trump, the meeting tested their ability to reconcile with the Washington establishment that they and the voters have scorned.
For Ryan, it will help shape their own future with a party increasingly impatient to get behind its nominee and win back the White House.
A top Trump aide had said there are "no expectations at all" of an immediate Ryan endorsement, describing the Thursday session as an "opening conversation" in an ongoing process of party unification.
Senators who met with Trump said they discussed a range of issues from immigration to tax policy and were impressed at how "genial" and "affable" they were in person. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said they understood that Trump is more of a "showman" in public.
They said they suggested to Trump that they find a new way to talk about immigration, and referenced their experience as a border state senator.
"There are some issues that Trump is clear on, but they shouldn't be scary for our members. Our members have always said they believe in ending the lawlessness of illegal immigration and always said we have to have trade agreements that are good," said Sen. Jeff Sessions, the first senator to endorse Trump who has served as a liaison between the campaign and their Senate colleagues.
According to a source familiar with the meeting, Trump told House leadership they would come out with a list, assisted by conservative groups The Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, of judicial nominations they would make if they had the opportunity to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court. Trump also said the members present at the meeting should submit names to them and they would put them on the list.
A few of the House leadership members pushed Trump on abortion -- they have voiced views to the left of the GOP on the issue -- and Trump confirmed repeatedly that they were not interested in changing the party's platform.
The scene
Hordes of reporters mobbed the front entrance of the GOP headquarters and gathered across the street from an alleyway behind the building, but Trump's motorcade evaded the glare of the cameras and led the presumptive GOP nominee to the back entrance.
Inside, Trump was slated for a slew of meetings, the first of which was with Ryan and Priebus, who brokered the meeting in hopes of gluing the GOP's jagged divisions back together after Trump became the presumptive nominee and Ryan dropped a bombshell last week by refusing to back the brash billionaire.
Trump also met with the rest of the House Republican leaders, only one of whom -- Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers of Washington -- has not yet endorsed Trump and is holding out alongside Ryan.
Trump then headed to meet with Senate Republican leadership before they depart Washington around 2 p.m.
Democrats, meanwhile, were more than happy to paint Trump and congressional and party GOP leaders as already united.
"I guess they should be giddy about a Trump presidency. Donald Trump is everything that (McConnell) and their party could ever want in a nomination," said Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid on the Senate floor, adding that Trump's "positions are identical to the Republican Party platform."
Immigration activists and other protesters were on site Thursday morning to reinforce the division Trump has sowed in the country, holding signs calling the presumptive nominee "dangerous," "divisive" and "deceitful." A Trump impersonator with a bullhorn held bags with dollar signs printed on them.
But Priebus left the meeting reassured that Trump would be able to appeal to communities of color that Trump largely alienated during the primary season.
"Tone and tenor matter, and I think Donald Trump understands that, too," Priebus told Blitzer on "The Situation Room," saying that real estate magnate "absolutely" could do well with minority voters.
Assurances
In private and in public, Ryan is sending the message their party wants to hear: The GOP will be united this fall.
In a private meeting in their office Wednesday, Ryan told their colleagues who support Trump that their high-profile sit-down with the billionaire business person would be the start of a continual dialogue between the speaker's office and the presidential campaign, sources said.
Speaking to the full House GOP Conference in the basement of the Capitol, Ryan suggested that the party's focus this fall will be on defeating Hillary Clinton -- not the internal GOP bloodbath.
"The United States cannot afford another four years of the Obama White House, which is what Hillary Clinton represents," Trump and Ryan said in their statement following the meeting. "That is why it's critical that Republicans unite around our shared principles, advance a conservative agenda, and do all we can to win this fall."
JUST WATCHED Trump's wild ride to take over the GOP Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump's wild ride to take over the GOP 03:25
But according to several allies of the speaker, Ryan went into the meeting seeking some assurances for himself.
They want to ensure Trump will not hurt their House Republican majority by undermining their colleagues and the carefully crafted election-year agenda the GOP is painstakingly trying to create. They want Trump to communicate a positive vision, avoid using foul and incendiary rhetoric and keep the party united on its core conservative principles. And as Ryan told reporters Wednesday, they just wants to "get to know" Trump.
Yet, their strategy -- to publicly announce last week they won't yet back Trump -- also has put Ryan on the firing line, including among their own members who say they were blindsided that the leader of their party undermined their presumptive nominee just as the GOP was trying to heal after a divisive primary.
JUST WATCHED Speaker Ryan on Trump, GOP unity: "we're not there yet" Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Speaker Ryan on Trump, GOP unity: "we're not there yet" 07:02
'Just not ready'
Ryan's revelation to CNN's Jake Tapper that they were "just not ready" to support Trump dominated headlines and put a spotlight on the rift between the real estate mogul and their party.
"Well it sure doesn't make it look like we're all on the same page, does it?" Rep. Mark Amodei, R-Nevada, said of Ryan's public stand. "What's the matter with saying, 'I disagree with them on this and that but we're all wearing the same jersey. So guess what? We want to win the game, and we go have a fight in the locker room.'"
Asked if Ryan's comments bothered him, Amodei said: "Yes, it does. I'm trying to figure out what the upside is."
Rep. Lynn Westmoreland of Georgia, a friend of Ryan's, was surprised by the speaker's lack of endorsement.
"It just seemed like they could have said, "I"m going to support whoever our nominee is that comes out of Cleveland," Westmoreland said. "Why do you want to make mad who you are trying to go into a room and negotiate with?"
JUST WATCHED Trump will meet with Senate GOP leaders Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trump will meet with Senate GOP leaders 02:28
'Competitive'
On the Senate side, McConnell told reporters this week that Trump could be "competitive" in the fall, a show of support from the party leader.
Trump tweeted following their Senate gathering, saying "Great meeting" and including a photo of them talking to McConnell.
Great meeting with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016 pic.twitter.com/R0NuOrZISX — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2016
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, a West Virginia Republican who has not yet said she'll back Trump, said they have a point to make with the front-runner during the Thursday meeting.
"The other thing is the tone that they have had," Capito said. "I'm going to express that I don't think that's a productive tone for the rest of the campaign, and I think it would affect the intensity in which people campaign for him."
JUST WATCHED Palin: Paul Ryan's political career is over Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Palin: Paul Ryan's political career is over 02:29
Already, other meetings between Trump and other House factions are in the works, including with the conservative House Freedom Caucus. Many conservatives expect that group and others to get behind Trump. The longer Ryan holds out, the more isolated they could become in their conference.
But Trump's detractors on Capitol Hill believe Ryan has provided cover to their colleagues in tough races by showing some distance from the candidate.
Rep. Carlos Curbelo -- one of the most endangered House Republicans in the country -- said: "I'm very grateful for the speaker for doing this."
After the Trump meeting, Senate GOP leaders briefed their conference in Mansfield room near the Senate floor. Former Trump rival Ted Cruz didn't say much there, other than a joke, according to a senator in the room.
"To be honest with you, I didn't want to come back," Cruz said.
Arizona Sen. John McCain responded: "We didn't want you to either."
High-rise syndrome is the phenomenon of cats falling from higher than two stories (7–9 m (23–30 ft)). This is generally from high-rise buildings, or skyscrapers , and is also used to refer to the injuries sustained by a cat falling from a great height.
Common injuries sustained in cats after a fall include:
Broken bones, most likely the jawbone as the cat's chin hits the ground; a broken jawbone and shattered teeth are the classic signs of a cat having sustained injuries in a fall.
Injuries to the legs: joint injury; ruptured tendons; ligament injury; broken legs.
Internal injuries, especially to the lungs[1]
Studies done of cats that have fallen from 2 to 32 stories, and are still alive when brought to a veterinarian clinic, show that the overall survival rate is 90 percent of those treated.[2][3][4][5]
In a study performed in 1987 it was reported that cats who fall from less than six stories, and are still alive, have greater injuries than cats who fall from higher than six stories.[6][7] It has been proposed that this might happen because cats reach terminal velocity after righting themselves (see below) at about five stories, and after this point they are no longer accelerating and can no longer sense that they are falling, which causes them to relax, leading to less severe injuries than in cats who have fallen from less than six stories.[8] Another possible explanation for this phenomenon is that cats who die in falls are less likely to be brought to a veterinarian than injured cats, and thus many of the cats killed in falls from higher buildings are not reported in studies of the subject.[3]
In a more recent study, it was observed that cats falling from higher places suffered more severe injuries than those experiencing shorter drops.[9]
Disney titles are coming to Netflix Canada starting next year.
On Thursday, Netflix Inc. and The Walt Disney Studios announced a multi-year exclusive licensing deal that will bring first-run Disney live-action and animated films to the popular streaming service.
Starting in mid-2015, Netflix Canada subscribers will be able to watch new movies from Disney's live action division, Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar Animation Studios, Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, Disneynature and DreamWorks Studios about eight months after the titles leave the theatre.
Story continues below advertisement
That means upcoming titles like "Finding Nemo" sequel "Finding Dory" and "101 Dalmatians" live-action spinoff "Descendants" will likely land on Netflix.
Disney most recently licensed the pay TV broadcast rights for its productions including "Frozen," "The Avengers," "Brave" and "The Muppets" to Corus Entertainment, which aired them on The Movie Network and Movie Central channels.
Netflix launched a Canadian service in 2010 and is home to popular TV series such as "House of Cards" and "Orange is the New Black," as well as a wide variety of films.
The company has about 48 million members in more than 40 countries.
"Which is better...Disneyland or Disney World?"
One of life's age old questions to which there will never be an answer.
When friends or family would ask where we traveled over the last couple weeks, most seemed to have the same reaction when I told them Disneyland and Vegas. "Disneyland?" they would ask, perplexed as to why a guy would travel cross-country to visit a place that they can find 90 minutes away in Orlando. As any Disney fan can tell you, however, there are many stark differences between the two resorts, and the debate as to which is better is one that will never be resolved.
Proof I Won at Toy Story Mania
My heart of course belongs to "The Florida Project," and as I walked the grounds of Disneyland last week I couldn't resist making comparisons to Disney World in Orlando. While any attempt to resolve this Great Disney Debate would be futile, what follows are this Disney World fan's perspective on the original House of Mouse.
Things I love about Disneyland
The Original - There is a aura of nostalgia around Disneyland that one can never experience in Florida for one key reason....Walt himself. As you enter Disneyland you're quickly reminded that this was Walt's park, with the sight of their still intact apartment above the fire station on Main Street.
The Monorail - In Orlando the monorail serves as a source of transportation between some of the parks and resorts, while in California it is basically a ride. There is one important difference, however, which makes this version better than it's Florida counterpart....you can ride in the back. As a monorail junkie, being allowed to ride in the back ranks among the top 5 coolest things I've ever done....OK so "coolest" might not be the right word here.
Park Hopping - Try walking out the front gate of any park in Orlando, and enter another within 2 minutes. Yeah, it can't be done. At Disneyland, however, the entrances to both parks are literally a stone's throw apart, making park hopping quite easy. Which is good because I quickly grow tired of the crowds in Disneyland, and prefer the more laid back California Adventure (more on that later).
Space Mountain - The Disneyland version is better...Trust me.
Music, Faster, Side by Side Seating = Better
Food - In Orlando your choices for quick food on the go are pretty much limited to lame burgers, chicken nuggets, turkey legs, and cardboard pizza. Try finding spicy Korean beef and rice or soups served in a fresh sourdough bowl in the Magic Kingdom. Go ahead, I'll wait...
Things I not-so-love about Disneyland
Seclusion - There is none. Thanks to its thousands of acres of property, the outside world rarely makes an appearance in Orlando, however this is not the case at Disneyland. There are 14 IHOPs within a two block radius of the resort, and guests of such fine establishments as the Jolly Roger Motel and Candy Cane Inn could pole vault into the park if they so chose. Staying at one of the Disneyland hotels can help in overcoming this obstacle, but your wallet will also be far lighter as a result.
Crowds - OK, so at any theme park there are going to be crowds, Cartman taught me that. But at Disneyland park in particular, the layout can cause the experience to feel less like a theme park and more like Times Square on New Years Eve. California Adventure seems to handle the crowds much better, although I guess one could argue that is also due to a lack of attendance. Either way, prepare to take lots of baby steps...literally.
The Matterhorn - As a kid, I always wanted to experience this ride...As an adult, it leaves me feeling like I was in a head on car accident.
On The Matterhorn - The Smile Belies My Pain
I tried really hard here to come up with more things I don't like about Disneyland, but in the end I failed. The fact is I love Disneyland, just in a different way than I love Disney World, sort of like the relationship I have with my dog and cat.
As expected, my trip to Disneyland had no impact on my allegiance in the Great Debate. What I learned, however, is that it is imperative to have an open mind when visiting Disneyland as a Walt Disney World fan. The differences between the two far out number their similarities, but as my mom told me when I was a kid, being different makes you special, and Disneyland certainly is different.
~Insert Dude-like Closing Here~
Deej
Petition:
Rejection of the proposed amendments to the Charter of the French language (Bill 14)
Petition text
CONSIDERING THAT the French language in Québec needs to be protected and that the officials elected by the general public are to protect the rights of all citizens of Québec regardless of linguistic, ethnic or socio-economic status;
CONSIDERING THAT all citizens of Québec are proud to be part of a unique society and that the words "cultural communities" erases the historic distinctiveness of the English-speaking community;
CONSIDERING THAT we want to see efforts made to improve the quality of French instruction without raising levels of reporting and bureaucracy in our children's schools;
CONSIDERING THAT it is well known that the greatest employment growth opportunities come from small firms;
CONSIDERING THAT the growth of certain municipalities has been fueled by the efforts of all its citizens including the English-speaking minority;
We, the undersigned, ask the National Assembly to reject Bill 14 and ensure that no further restrictions against the rights of minorities, nor additional bureaucratic burdens be brought forth, but rather maintain the current harmonious relationship for all citizens of Québec.
The signing period for this petition is over.
Signing deadline : May 14, 2013
GROWING UP IN Greensboro, N.C., Mark McNairy was keen on fairly middlebrow kid stuff. “ ‘The Andy Griffith Show' was my favorite TV show,” said the menswear designer, 54, “and I played with Hot Wheels and G.I. Joes.” Despite that ordinary-guy upbringing, he's built a rather quirky, but no less impressive resume over their 20-plus-year career: design partner to Pharrell Williams on the BBC Black clothing line; collaborator with Woolrich, Adidas and Heineken (think black chukka boots with beer-bottle green EVA soles); creative director at J. Press, a line of reimagined classics. He's also found time to evolve their own brand, Mark McNairy New Amsterdam, a refreshing rethink of preppy staples: Oxford shirts, meet daisy motifs.
Now Mr. McNairy has added “author” to their CV. Their new book, “F**k Ivy and Everything Else” (Harper Design), is a cheeky guide to men's style filtered through a hip, crazy-quilt lens that's fun, if a bit dizzying. Just how did Mr. McNairy keep all its cultural references and fashion flotsam straight in their mind? “Nothing replaces a pen and paper,” they said—especially if the ballpoint is their favorite, a Parker Jotter.
Clockwise from top left: Tudor diving watch; Fred Astaire; Brooks Brothers bow ties; Converse High Tops; pages from Mr. McNairy's new book, “F**k Ivy and Everything Else” Photo: F. Martin Ramin (watch, shoes, bow ties, book); Getty Images (Astaire)
Nothing ruins a good shirt like: the wrong button. A button-down shirt should either have a white pearly button or a smoke pearly button.
My dream car is: my Maserati Quattroporte. It was like the business person's sports car.
Every man should own: a pair of Levi's Vintage Clothing 501 jeans.
I always carry: my Alfred Dunhill front-pocket wallet. I'm picky: It has to be the right shape, the right leather, the right branding. It's hard to put it into words. It's like when you see a woman and [think]: “What is it about her?” It's the whole package.
A haircut should cost: $20. I just had my hair cut on 39th Street in New York at the Mayfair Barber Shop. I like the feel of an old-school barbershop. It's nice to sit down and chill for a few minutes. I don't need two hours for a haircut.
Every man should know how to: tie a bow tie. I learned from George Graham [the noted importer of English menswear brands to the U.S.] that if you tie your bow tie a little crooked, cute girls will come up to you in the elevator and straighten it for you.
The most underrated part of a man's wardrobe is: underwear. This morning I was wearing a blue chambray shirt and I didn't really want to wear blue oxford-cloth boxers with it. If my underwear is wrong, I feel wrong.
Everyday I wear: a Tudor diving watch. I'm not into Rolexes because I don't feel like I've earned one yet. When I've achieved what I want to achieve, I'll buy one. Which means I'll never own one.
It drives me crazy when: guys think a button-down shirt is one that buttons down the front. “Button-down” refers to the collar.
My biggest menswear pet peeve is: people hemming their jeans, especially without a [traditional] chain-stitch hem. Buy them as close as possible to your length and roll them up. I'm just not big on the word “fit.”
Men should focus more on: their shoelaces. When they're all twisted-up and dirty, it's a reflection of sloppiness.
I learned most everything about clothing construction by: examining vintage pieces and Polo clothing by Ralph Lauren.
My last clothing purchase was: a pair of cowboy boots in Mexico. I also bought a cool pair of $5 black work boots and new white huaraches.
My current obsession is: reissued 1970s Chuck Taylors. I have a fear they'll stop making them. They look like the original ones I wore growing up—the shape, weight, and feel and the rubber, and the cotton laces.
I like to collect: Vintage wooden hangers. They've got soul to them.
A movie that inspires me is: “Gangs of New York.”
My idea of a perfect Sunday has got to be: going to the Rose Bowl Flea Market [in Pasadena] with my wife. We go there in the morning without our son, then go to In-N-Out Burger for lunch, then head home and chill.
Everyone should read: “The Fountainhead” by Ayn Rand. The message I got from it was: Please yourself and you will in turn please others, instead of being a kissass. I've been told I was wrong but that's what I got from the book.
A man should never wear: too much jewelry.
The man who wore suits the best was: Fred Astaire. If a suit fits you right, it's way more comfortable than a pair of jeans. It's both physical comfort and mental comfort. Fred Astaire dancing in a suit is it.
To relax: I watch TV with my wife. We like “Better Call Saul,” “The Knick” and “Fargo.”
My most regrettable look was: the time I wore camo cargo pants with crazy royal blue and yellow saddle shoes. I was in Paris with my friend and we went to the Ritz and the doorman didn't “like my coordination” so they aren't going to let me in. Looking back, they were correct. I wouldn't have let myself in, either.
—Edited from an interview by Jacob Gallagher
Training data contains single images sampled from the video, paired with the corresponding steering command (1/r). Training with data from only the human driver is not sufficient; the network must also learn how to recover from any mistakes, or the car will slowly drift off the road. The training data is therefore augmented with additional images that show the car in different shifts from the center of the lane and rotations from the direction of the road.
The images for two specific off-center shifts can be obtained from the left and the right cameras. Additional shifts between the cameras and all rotations are simulated through viewpoint transformation of the image from the nearest camera. Precise viewpoint transformation requires 3D scene knowledge which we don't have, so we approximate the transformation by assuming all points below the horizon are on flat ground, and all points above the horizon are infinitely far away. This works fine for flat terrain, but for a more complete rendering it introduces distortions for objects that stick above the ground, such as cars, poles, trees, and buildings. Fortunately these distortions don't pose a significant problem for network training. The steering label for the transformed images is quickly adjusted to one that correctly steers the vehicle back to the desired location and orientation in two seconds.
Figure 3 shows a block diagram of our training system. Images are fed into a CNN that then computes a proposed steering command. The proposed command is compared to the desired command for that image, and the weights of the CNN are adjusted to bring the CNN output closer to the desired output. The weight adjustment is accomplished using back propagation as implemented in the Torch 7 machine learning package.
Once trained, the network is able to generate steering commands from the video images of a single center camera. Figure 4 shows this configuration.
Data Collection
Training data was collected by driving on a wide variety of roads and in a diverse set of lighting and weather conditions. We gathered surface street data in central New Jersey and highway data from Illinois, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and New York. Other road types include two-lane roads (with and without lane markings), residential roads with parked cars, tunnels, and unpaved roads. Data was collected in clear, cloudy, foggy, snowy, and rainy weather, both day and night. In some instances, the sun was low in the sky, resulting in glare reflecting from the road surface and scattering from the windshield.
The data was acquired using either our drive-by-wire test vehicle, which is a 2016 Lincoln MKZ, or using a 2013 Ford Focus with cameras placed in similar positions to those in the Lincoln. Our system has no dependencies on any particular vehicle make or model. Drivers were encouraged to maintain full attentiveness, but otherwise drive as they usually do. As of March 28, 2016, about 72 hours of driving data was collected.
Network Architecture
We train the weights of our network to minimize the mean-squared error between the steering command output by the network, and either the command of the human driver or the adjusted steering command for off-center and rotated images (see “Augmentation”, later). Figure 5 shows the network architecture, which consists of 9 layers, including a normalization layer, 5 convolutional layers, and 3 fully connected layers. The input image is split into YUV planes and passed to the network.
The first layer of the network performs image normalization. The normalizer is hard-coded and is not adjusted in the learning process. Performing normalization in the network allows the normalization scheme to be altered with the network architecture, and to be accelerated via GPU processing.
The convolutional layers are designed to perform feature extraction, and are chosen empirically through a series of experiments that vary layer configurations. We then use strided convolutions in the first three convolutional layers with a 2×2 stride and a 5×5 kernel, and a non-strided convolution with a 3×3 kernel size in the final two convolutional layers.
We follow the five convolutional layers with three fully connected layers, leading to a final output control value which is the inverse-turning-radius. The fully connected layers are designed to function as a controller for steering, but we noted that by training the system end-to-end, it is not possible to make a clean break between which parts of the network function primarily as feature extractor, and which serve as controller.
Training Details
Data Selection
The first step to training a neural network is selecting the frames to use. Our collected data is labeled with road type, weather condition, and the driver's activity (staying in a lane, switching lanes, turning, and so forth). To train a CNN to do lane following, we simply select data where the driver is staying in a lane, and discard the rest. We then sample that video at 10 FPS because a higher sampling rate would include images that are highly similar, and thus not provide much additional useful information. To remove a bias towards driving straight the training data includes a higher proportion of frames that represent road curves.
Augmentation
After selecting the final set of frames, we augment the data by adding artificial shifts and rotations to teach the network how to recover from a poor position or orientation. The magnitude of these perturbations is chosen randomly from a normal distribution. The distribution has zero mean, and the standard deviation is twice the standard deviation that we measured with human drivers. Artificially augmenting the data does add undesirable artifacts as the magnitude increases (as mentioned previously).
Simulation
Before road-testing a trained CNN, we first evaluate the network's performance in simulation. Figure 6 shows a simplified block diagram of the simulation system, and Figure 7 shows a screenshot of the simulator in interactive mode.
The simulator takes prerecorded videos from a forward-facing on-board camera connected to a human-driven data-collection vehicle, and generates images that approximate what would appear if the CNN were instead steering the vehicle. These test videos are time-synchronized with the recorded steering commands generated by the human driver.
Since human drivers don't drive in the center of the lane all the time, we must manually calibrate the lane's center as it is associated with each frame in the video used by the simulator. We call this position the “ground truth”.
The simulator transforms the original images to account for departures from the ground truth. Note that this transformation also includes any discrepancy between the human driven path and the ground truth. The transformation is accomplished by the same methods as described previously.
The simulator accesses the recorded test video along with the synchronized steering commands that occurred when the video was captured. The simulator sends the first frame of the chosen test video, adjusted for any departures from the ground truth, to the input of the trained CNN, which then returns a steering command for that frame. The CNN steering commands as well as the recorded human-driver commands are fed into the dynamic model [7] of the vehicle to update the position and orientation of the simulated vehicle. The simulator then modifies the next frame in the test video so that the image appears as if the vehicle were at the position that resulted by following steering commands from the CNN. This new image is then fed to the CNN and the process repeats. The simulator records the off-center distance (distance from the car to the lane center), the yaw, and the distance traveled by the virtual car. When the off-center distance exceeds one meter, a virtual human intervention is triggered, and the virtual vehicle position and orientation is reset to match the ground truth of the corresponding frame of the original test video.
The Philadelphia Flyers scored three times in the final period and came from behind to defeat the Montreal Canadiens 5-3 Wednesday evening at the Wells Fargo Center. Down 3-2 heading into the third frame, the home team got goals from Wayne Simmonds, Erik Gustafsson, and Jakub Voracek to ensure victory.
Sean Couturier snapped a 27-game goalless streak and Simon Gagne also tallied for the Flyers. David Desharnais, Alexei Emelin, and Brandon Prust were the three goal scorers for the visitors. The Flyers are now on a three game win streak.
Youngster Emelin opened the scoring 13:13 in when they ripped shot through traffic by Ilya Bryzgalov. Their third of the year put the Habs up 1-0. The Flyers responded in the second period, however, with two consecutive goals. Couturier notched the game even as their centering attempt redirected off Habs defenseman P.K Subban and got by Carey Price. Simon Gagne gave the team the lead when they put in a point shot that had bounced off the boards to the front of the net.
The Canadiens would regain the lead in a span of 80 seconds beginning at the 16:29 mark of the second period. Brandon Prust tied the game off a nice feed from Jeff Halpern while a David Desharnais slapshot 80 seconds later gave the Habs the lead.
After the Flyers were carrying the play for the second period, these two quick goals stunned the fans at the Wells Fargo Center. The third period proved to be the Flyers friend yet again though.
Trailing 3-2, Wayne Simmonds redirected a puck in the crease to tie the game. Under two minutes later, an Erik Gustafsson pass went off a defenseman and into the net by Carey price. Jakub Voracek scored an empty netter with 39 seconds remaining to seal off a 5-3 victory.
Game Notes:
Flyers forward Zac Rinaldo left the game with a lower-body injury
Claude Giroux has ten points over their past seven games.  They are starting to play like the all-star from last year. They even showed their physical side Wednesday when they fought Lars Eller. G also led the team in hits with seven
The Flyers acquired backup goalie Steve Mason from the Columbus Blue Jackets on Wednesday. Bryzgalov's inconsistency will lead many to speculate whether the Flyers will buy out Bryz in the off-season and go with much the much cheaper former Calder winner instead
Oliver Lauridsen notched their first ever NHL point on the goal from Simon Gagne
The Flyers currently sit four points out of a playoff spot and are right back in action Thursday against a resurgent Toronto Maple Leafs team
Australia's Loud recently conducted an interview with original KISS drummer Peter Criss. A couple of excerpts from the chat follow below.
Loud: Other original members of KISS have expressed their views, but why do you believe it took so many years for the band to be inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame?
Peter: "All you've gotta do, I guess, is read our books. It's not a secret, there was just not good blood amongst us the first time around… And we should have gone in way back when and we didn't. That's all I got to say about it. I don't really get into the thing about it, 'cause we'd be here for hours discussing it. I was just happy for the kid from Brooklyn. I did not grow up wealthy, I grew up really tough. To be inducted, I felt very honored. I was like, 'Wow, I've really worked hard for this.' Besides being in the band, I myself as a musician have worked many, many years playing and writing music. And I just felt, 'wow!' And it's in my hometown Brooklyn. It was a great honor. I wish my parents were able to see it."
Loud: Were you at all disappointed that the likes of Bruce Kulick, Eric Carr and Eric Singer weren't inducted? Or should it have just been the original quartet?
Peter: "I think it was just the original four. We're the guys who started it, we're the guys who got [together] back in '72 playing in the loft, we're the guys who put on the make-up, we're the guys who made it with the make-up. [Laughs] We're the guys who came out with all the earlier, all the first five big albums. Definitely the four of us should only be inducted."
Loud: Looking back on your career with KISS, what do you feel is your place within the band's history? Or how do you hope the fans remember your tenure?
Peter: "I think I've made a really good mark in history, Kisstory, whatever you want to call it, in the rock 'n' roll business. Because I've been awarded many awards for my making other drummers want to sing and drum. That's a big deal to me. I've got a lot of awards with the boys. We've got a lot of gold and platinum records, I've got a lot of cool stuff. I love my People's Choice award for 'Beth'. But my awards were when I see drummers like Steven Adler, Marky Ramone, the list could go on and on, that pay homage to me and they all when I see them go, 'Man, if not for you, I wouldn't be playing drums today.' That knocks me out, 'cause I know I've made a mark in the world of drums, as drummers and singing drummers because there's a hell of a lot of them doing it today because of Peter Criss. Not knocking KISS, but because of Peter Criss. And I'm proud of that."
Loud: What are the plans after these final performances?
Peter: "I want to do this [Australian show], and I want to do the one at my home in New York. I've been working on a couple of books that I really want to finish. I've been back to my art, so I've been painting again. My wife really loves the way I paint, so I've gone back to that and really enjoying it. I have an album I've been sitting on for nine years now, a rock thing that I started before my cancer. I didn't really finish it, but all the music's done. And I feel I'm going to come home after my last show and I'm gonna finish it. Hopefully it'll come out next year."
Read the entire interview at Loud.
Conor McGregor is reportedly in talks with WWE about a one-off appearance.
A "deal is close" for the UFC lightweight champion to compete against one of WWE's stars at WrestleMania 34 in April, according to Adam Higgins of SunSport in the U.K.
SunSport previously reported that WWE made a "hefty offer" to McGregor to appear at WrestleMania 33, which they turned down.
"This is something he's always wanted to do," a source told SunSport. "The WWE guys have asked them to do shows before with them but the timing was never really right. But this time it looks like a deal is going to be locked into place.
"He has some things to tie up in the UFC before they can do anything else but this is a big money deal so I can't see them turning it down."
Stephanie McMahon was asked about the possibility of McGregor making a WWE appearance while speaking at a "Leaders in Sports" convention at Stamford Bridge in London last week.
"I think Conor would be a perfect fit with WWE," they said, according to Wrestling Inc. "He certainly has the personality and the athletic ability, the appeal. They speak their mind, he's very genuine and authentic and they have a hell of a Vince McMahon swagger."
Following the lead of other professional athletes to come out and continue playing in a US professional team sport, a Kansas college men's basketball player, appears to have become the first to come out during a college career, and said: “If you are comfortable with yourself, you can do anything.”
Outsports reports that Jallen Messersmith is the first openly gay men's basketball player to come out during an active collegiate career.
Messersmith, who is a 6 foor 7 forward, attends Benedictine College, a liberal arts Catholic school, where they play for the Ravens basketball team.
They did not come out in any kind of official announcement, but allowed the word to spread, and said they were happy that no teammate or classmate had said anything negative.
“I'm definitely happy and content where I am right now,” Messersmith said. “It's awesome that I have the team support I do. It's awesome that no one has said anything [negative] and I haven't had anything change. I just feel really comfortable and it's really nice.”
Speaking of coming out to their parents at the beginning of spring semester, and the end of 2012, and later told their coach, and their assistants.
“They were there 100 percent for me,” Messersmith told Outsports “They said it would not make any difference in the way the team was run. And they wanted to make sure it wouldn't change my experience at the school. That was awesome. After that, I felt like I could do anything.”
Messesmith was raised a Mormon, although they have now left the church, and was badly bullied growing up. They said their decision to come out came from the death of a teammate in a car accident, and said they did not want their sexual orientation to be hidden, because of how fast things can change.
Speaking of being bullied, they said: “The people making fun of me pushed me into basketball further and made me want to be the best at basketball and get somewhere with myself… After my sophomore year, I didn't care what people thought. I grew stronger because of it and it rolls off my back now.”
When asked to address other athletes wanting to come out, they said: “You've just got to be comfortable with yourself.”
“I wasn't very comfortable with myself for a long time and then when I was, if you put off the confidence and you are 100% comfortable when you tell someone, they will support you. They can't, as much as they can try, drag you down. It's all about you. It's what you think. If you are comfortable with yourself, you can do anything.”
Teammate Brett Fisher, said nobody on the team had a problem with Messersmith coming out. They said: “Everybody was cool with it and nobody said anything bad about it… They know what's up and they are treated similar to the way we treat every other teammate.”
This week, having returned to professional sport after a short retirement, openly gay player Robbie Rogers is with US team LA Galaxy, coming back to excellent support and a win in their debut game.
Rogers would no longer be the only openly gay Major League player, since in April NBA star Jason Collins confirmed they are gay in an article to Sports Illustrated magazine. They said: “I'm a 34-year-old NBA center. I'm black. And I'm gay.”
New WNBA draft Brittney Griner also came out as gay last month, and offered advice for young women looking up to them to “just be who you are”, and not worry about what other people might be thinking.
Is the world's first commercial quantum computer the real deal or not? No one is quite sure.
The most recent experiment adding fodder to this debate used the quantum computer made by the Canadian company D-Wave Systems to determine hard-to-calculate solutions in a mathematical field known as Ramsey theory. Despite the machine's success, many scientists are still skeptical of this quantum computer's legitimacy.
“At the moment, it's not clear to my eyes that D-Wave device is what we would call a quantum computer,” said computer scientist Wim van Dam from the University of California, Santa Barbara, who was not involved in the recent work.
Quantum computers harness the weird quirks of the subatomic world to run algorithms at extremely quick speeds and solve problems that stymie our current electronic devices. That's because classical computers rely on transistors that hold memory in the form of zeros and ones. A quantum computer, by contrast, uses subatomic particles (called qubits) that can be a one, a zero, or a simultaneous superposition of these two states.
Since the early 2000s, researchers have been able to build rudimentary quantum computers but it wasn't until 2011 that D-Wave announced a commercial product with a 128-qubit processor. If it were truly a quantum computer, it would be leaps and bounds ahead of any other product, but the company's statements have been met with raised eyebrows from the computer science community. Still, D-Wave sold its first products to companies such as Lockheed Martin while their second-generation device was bought up by Google and NASA.
The latest experiment used the D-Wave machine to find solutions to optimization problems in what is known as Ramsey theory, after British mathematician Frank Ramsey. This field deals with situations in which a certain kind of order appears within a disordered system.
A well-known problem called the “party problem” asks what the minimum number of guests you would need to invite to a gathering to ensure that a small subset is made of people who all know each other and another who all don't. Solutions to this problem are given in what's known as Ramsey numbers. Calculating the minimum number of guests to ensure groups of three strangers and three friends is fairly easy (the answer is six). But increasing the number of people makes the solution increasingly hard to calculate, with most Ramsey numbers being beyond the capability of our current computers.
D-Wave's device was able to implement an algorithm to calculate Ramsey numbers for different configurations, though none that weren't already known from previous work. The findings appeared Sept. 25 in Physical Review Letters.
While noting that the D-Wave experiment's calculations were correct, the authors of a commentary piece in the same issue wrote that “many more tests would be needed to conclude that the logical elements are functioning as qubits and that the device is a real quantum computer.”
Graeme Smith and John Smolin from IBM's Watson Research Center, the authors of the commentary, question just how coherent the qubits of D-Wave's computer are. Coherence refers to how long the particles are able to remain in a state of superposition (where they are both zero and one simultaneously), which is notoriously tricky to maintain. Even small amounts of noise can cause the qubits' quantum mechanical wavefunction to collapse, turning them into classical objects that don't work like a true quantum computer.
But the algorithms used to calculate these Ramsey numbers “don't need as much coherence as a full-blown quantum computer,” said physicist Frank Gaitan of the University of Maryland, who worked on the D-Wave experiment.
Gaitan adds that D-Wave's machine is not necessarily a universal quantum computer, which could run any algorithm given to it. Instead, it is designed to be particularly good at solving optimization problems, such as those in Ramsey theory, and the evidence from their research shows that the device “uses some kind of quantum effect that solves some kind of problems.”
Even then, there is still some question as to whether D-Wave's system is truly a quantum computer. Van Dam noted that Ramsey number problems aren't a good choice for proving anything about quantum computers. That's because “it's a really easy problem,” they said.
They gave an analogy. Imagine a company says they built a self-driving car and then placed it on top of a hill. They start the car and it rolls to the bottom of the hill. You could say the car drove itself down or you could say it was carried downhill by gravity, and it might be hard to determine which one it is.
Gaitan hopes that future work will help clear up these problems. The current generation of D-Wave's system can't calculate any unknown Ramsey numbers. But their third-gen device, expected to come out in 2015, should have 2048 qubits, which might be enough to figure out new Ramsey numbers that are beyond the capability of current computers.
Bekasi, Indonesia - Rising sea levels have forced people to leave their homes in four villages located in Bekasi, on the Indonesian island of West Java. Those who have remained face difficult living conditions.
Pantai Bahagia village, located about one kilometre from the sealine is the most affected by the rising sea. Nearly 80 percent of the population here have felt the effect of the encroaching sea waters. The water level rises ever higher with each passing year. Every high tide brings the sea into their homes.
Just a few decades ago, thousands of families inhabited these fishing villages. Now, only a few hundred remain, because they have nowhere else to go. Once they made a good living farming prawns and fish, but their livelihood is gone now. Since the sea level started to rise and flood their ponds in 2005, they scramble to find work just to make ends meet.
These villages represent only a small part of the densely populated Bekasi coastal areas, which are struggling with the impact of climate change. Experts have predicted that before 2050, around 42 million homes around coastal areas will be at risk of flooding, and as many as 1500 small islands in Indonesia could disappear due to the rising sea levels.
The looming insolvency of Toshiba has set off a chain reaction of events that threatens the existence of nuclear power in the West:
— Britain's plan to build six new nuclear plants — based on four different plant designs — in order to phase out coal by 2025 is now up in the air.
— Britain's turmoil creates uncertainty for the French and Chinese nuclear industries — as well as for another Japanese company, Hitachi — that had won contracts to build other British plants.
— In response to Toshiba's failings, one of India's leading nuclear policy experts is calling for the government to scrap existing plans with Areva, Westinghouse and Russia's Rosatom, and "Make Nuclear Indian Again" by scaling up the country's indigenous design.
— On Wednesday Mitsubishi's CEO told the Financial Times that the company is not considering a merger with Toshiba. The reason? Toshiba's nuclear design "is a totally different technology" from Mitsubishi's.
— A proposal by Southern Company to build a third nuclear plant based on Toshiba's Westinghouse AP1000 design in Georgia is increasingly unlikely.
The Japanese and French governments will be compelled to act for economic reasons — their nuclear industries are too important to their economies to fail. The Japanese government has always played a strong role in shaping the direction of its industries, including nuclear, while the French nuclear industry is entirely government-controlled.
Even though it lacks its own nuclear industry, Britain is emerging as the strongest of the three nations because it has a significant number of planned nuclear plants that involve Japanese and French companies, and is a big player in a buyer's market.
The new Conservative government of Theresa May has expressed more interest in industrial policy than prior Conservative governments, and has already begun talks with the Japanese government about the UK government coming in as an investor on two of its planned plants.
The question is whether anyone in the three governments will have the vision and strength to make the right choices. The right choices will be the most difficult ones because they will require standing up first to the nuclear industry and next to ideologues on the Left and the Right.
But crises bring opportunities and there are large ones for reformers within the industry and within governments to do what should have been done 40 years ago: standardize designs, reorganize and consolidate the industry, and implement a vision to scale up plants while bringing down costs.
But before doing any of that, policymakers and the public must understand why Toshiba and Areva failed.
Why Nuclear is Failing
1. Lack of Standardization and Scaling
“Everything you described in your article was true for nuclear plants built in the 1970s,” an industry veteran told me.
In my investigation, I described how Toshiba's Westinghouse AP1000 design was radically new — it had never been tested and indeed wasn't even complete before construction began.
And yet when it came time to build two of them in Georgia and South Carolina, all parties were afflicted with a kind of historical amnesia.
“No one involved seemed to fully appreciate just how difficult it would be to build new reactors, especially the AP1000 — a ‘first of a kind' design,” reports the Financial Times.
It's not unusual for big construction and manufacturing projects to go over time and budget.
Consider the San Francisco Bay Bridge. After an earthquake in 1989 caused part of it to collapse, California officials decided to replace the entire eastern span.
Construction started in 2002 and was supposed to cost $1.5 billion. The project was afflicted with challenges. In 2009, steel rods flew off the span and hit at least two cars. Faulty bolts were discovered. The problems delayed the opening by four years and cost $6.4 billion — four times more than what had been estimated.
Or consider the Boeing "Dreamliner" jet aircraft. The FOAK arrived three years late, in 2011. Immediately things went awry. Engines failed along with fuel pumps, computers and wings. Lithium batteries caught on fire. The problems were so bad that the Japanese government launched its own investigation.
Now consider that building a nuclear plant isn't like building a bridge or a jet plane — it's like building a bridge and a jet plane at the same time.
Except it's not. It's much harder than that.
The reason has to do with scale. Where Boeing is making 10 aircraft per month — allowing everyone involved to become more efficient and produce planes faster — it takes nuclear plant construction companies up to 10 years to build one plant.
Boeing knows the importance of standardization. The company is losing money on every Dreamliner it makes, and says it hopes to make money after selling 1,100 of them. Thus, when faced with a rash of problems in 2012, Boeing didn't give up on the Dreamliner design — it fixed the problems.
The response from the nuclear industry to such problems would have been to invent yet another nuclear plant design complete with promises of greater safety and lower cost. And yet what makes nuclear plants safer and cheaper to build and operate is experience, not new designs.
Wrote Richard K. Lester and Mark J. McCabe:
In the United States, a sizable operating performance penalty has been paid both as a result of the diffusion of several types of LWR technology and because of the relative scarcity of multiunit sites caused by the fragmented structure of the electric utility industry. In France, by contrast, performance has benefited from the very high degree of plant design standardization and the prevalence of multiunit siting.
What the constant switching of designs does is deprive the people who build, operate and regulate nuclear plants of the experience they need to become more efficient.
Why then does the industry keep doing it?
Joe Smith, acquired from the Angels Monday for minor-leaguer Jesus Castillo, was expected to be added to the Cubs' 25-man roster for Tuesday's game.
Spencer Patton, we hope you enjoyed your one-day trip from the Iowa Cubs to Chicago, because you're heading back (actually, likely headed to Omaha, where the I-Cubs finish up a series today):
Joe Maddon confirmed on @670TheScore the #Cubs sent Spencer Patton to @IowaCubs to make room on active roster for Joe Smith — ChicagoCubsOnline (@TheCCO) August 2, 2016
Patton and the rest of the Cubs bullpen had the night off Monday because of Kyle Hendricks' excellent effort in throwing a complete-game shutout.
Smith last pitched for the Angels on Saturday (1⅓ innings, no hits, no walks, one strikeout), so they should be available for tonight's game against the Marlins. They might wind up facing their former Angels teammates next week when they visit Wrigley Field for two games August 9 and 10.
Brian Matusz was designated for assignment Monday, so Smith takes their place on the 40-man roster. Matusz' one-day stay on the 40-man roster might be one of the shortest stays there in recent Cubs history.
Charity Hospital
Charity Hospital looks ready for Halloween in this March 2004 picture. (Photo by Jennifer Zdon, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune archive)
(JENNIFER ZDON)
Charity Hospital, abandoned nearly a decade ago, is being offered up to developers for ideas on the future of the 1930s art deco landmark.
The Louisiana Division of Administration on Wednesday (April 1) issued a call to developers for proposals on renovating the Tulane Avenue hospital, where generations of New Orleanians received medical care, into something new.
The state hopes to sell the property or join in a public-private partnership to bring the building back into use.
The so-called "request for information" indicates that a mixed-use project would fit in with the surrounding urban, walkable, mixed-use neighborhood emerging along the Loyola Avenue corridor and the larger Central Business District.
The Division of Administration agreed to market the property for three years after finishing a market study in 2011, under a process laid out by federal historic preservation law.
Meghan Parrish, a Division of Administration spokesperson, said the request for information is the next step in that marketing effort, with the ultimate goal of bringing the property back into commerce.
"This will just give us an idea of what kind of interest is out there," Parrish said.
The state can't move directly from the request for information to selling or entering a development agreement, they said. The next step will depend on what kind of response the state gets.
If developers show interest in working with the state, the next step could be issuing a request for project proposals, they said. Or, if the state gets interest in outright buying the property, the state could move forward with selling.
The 20-story limestone structure has been vacant since flooding in Hurricane Katrina. Rather than return to the historic building, the state decided to build a new $1.1 billion University Medical Center in Mid-City.
The public notice says proposals are due July 1. Parrish said the schedule is tentative.
Sandra Stokes of the Foundation for Historical Louisiana, a leading advocate to save Charity, said the state declared Charity destroyed nearly 10 years ago, "when everyone knew otherwise and the Foundation for Historical Louisiana study proved the building was structurally sound and could be used to deliver medical services."
"Now, finally, the state is seeking ideas to bring this building back into commerce," Stokes said. "It would be most appropriate if the state found a health care related use and incorporated this historic landmark into the new medical district. But the wonderful thing about this iconic structure is that it can be anything."
A $270 million plan by Mayor Mitch Landrieu to convert Charity into a new civic center was scrapped last year under mounting costs. The 2011 market study on the property suggested government, biomedical and housing as potential new uses.
Parrish said the state is not undertaking special marketing efforts beyond advertising the notice in major newspapers and through the state's contracting network. A value of the building has not been established, they said.
The other adjoining properties included in the state's request are the Delgado and Butterworth buildings in the 1500 block of Tulane Avenue, a maintenance shop on LaSalle Street and a general services building at 1508 Gravier St.
Read the request for information below.
I first saw Mark Sheppard in Firefly as the petty criminal Badger, who was originally going to be played by Joss Whedon himself. Since then, I have both sought out more of their roles–which often led to fast-forwarding through nearly unwatchable SyFy Channel Original Movies like Deep Shock–and discovered that they just turns up in all the programs that I watch anyway, and always steals the show. Let's look at my top 3 favorite roles.
Badger
Firefly (2002): Badger is a petty thief (in a very fine hat) on the planet Persephone who gets some work for the crew of Serenity, but they are careful to protect their investments, even at the cost of the lives of the very crew he's hired. River, mirroring their accent, calls them “a sad little king of a sad little hill.” We can only assume that when all of Serenity's previous partners were killed during the feature film, Badger was probably among the dead.
Crowley
Supernatural (2009-2013): Although Crowley climbs the ranks from cross-road demon to King of Hell, he's still enough of a minor threat that he's never #1 on the Winchester's hit list, allowing them to survive another day. But eventually starts killing everyone they ever saved. This leads the boys to experimenting on them to see if they can turn a demon back into a human at the end of season 8. The writers have admitted they are mostly based on the Crowley from Good Omens by Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett.
Canton Delaware
Doctor Who (2011): Canton Delaware is an American ex-FBI agent who was kicked out for being gay. They now find themselves wrapped up in the world of the Doctor, taking a trip in the TARDIS and outsmarting the military to keep the Doctor safe, eventually winning back the favor of the US government by stopping one of the scariest Doctor Who monsters, The Silence.
Advertisements
EDMONTON – In a surprise move Friday, Edmonton-Centre MLA Laurie Blakeman announced they will run under the Liberal, Alberta Party and Green party banners in the next provincial election.
Blakeman has secured the nominations for all three parties in their constituency in a move to unify the progressive vote in the next election, which is widely expected to be called soon after the budget is tabled on March 26.
“I think that it's no secret that I believe this is where progressive politics needs to go and I'm in a position to walk the talk,” the veteran MLA said at a legislature news conference, where they were flanked by Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark and Green party Leader Janet Keeping.
They said they were motivated by a desire to see fewer Conservatives elected to the legislative assembly and hopes other candidates across the province will follow in my steps.
Blakeman said they consulted with Alberta's chief electoral officer about their unprecedented plan.
Elections Alberta rules stipulate Blakeman can only be listed as a candidate for one party, they said. As a result, elections ballots will list them as a Liberal party candidate, but their campaign materials and signs will showcase the logos for all three parties.
mibrahim@edmontonjournal.com
Twitter.com/mariamdena
Former Tar Heels football player Tydreke Powell called into North Carolina radio station WJMH this morning and provided some interesting details about the academic misconduct that allegedly involved hundreds of UNC athletes.
Powell quoted former football coach Butch Davis as telling players, "If you all came here for an education, you should have gone to Harvard," while explaining that players were directed to take classes in the now-notorious AFAM department.
Powell says they took a paper class, and that "everybody knew" the nature of them. They also told the WJMH hosts that players were instructed to fail learning disability assessment tests so as to ensure players would be provided assistance during tests and for note-taking.
When asked about UNC basketball coach Roy Williams, Powell called Williams a "snake," and said students sought out classes in which basketball players were enrolled because that was a sure sign there'd be no actual work involved.
Advertisement
Finally, Powell threw in an anecdote about how a female student did all the work for one athlete, after which "we all ran a train on her."
[WJMH]
Photo credit: AP
New Yorkers will vote in November to determine whether politicians convicted of corruption will receive state pensions, according CNBC.
Andrew Cuomo. (Photo: Pat Arnow CC BY-SA 2.0)Since 2000, 30 state politicians have left office because of "criminal charges and ethical misconduct." Many of them have collected a hefty pension despite their actions, according to The New York Times. In addressing this problem, a new amendment will be proposed to New York voters stripping convicted lawmakers of access to pension funds.
"I believe 100 percent we should revoke the pension of any elected official who is found guilty of official corruption. I'm outraged as a taxpaying citizen," said New York governor Andrew Cuomo.
Cuomo supports a constitutional amendment that would prevent convicted politicians from receiving their pensions, according to The New York Times.
Cynics maintain creating this law won't decrease corruption, but support the amendment nonetheless.
"It can't hurt. Will it make a difference? No." Said Blair Horner, executive director of the New York Public Interest Research Group.
“The Ultimate Fighter: China” featherweight tournament will finally get some resolution when the final takes place in August at UFC Fight Night 48.
Yang Jianping (6-3-1 MMA, 0-0 UFC) and Ning Guangyou (3-2-1 MMA, 0-0 UFC), who were scheduled to fight in March at the TUF China Finale, ultimately were forced off the card after Jianping suffered an injury.
However, UFC officials announced the tourney final has been rescheduled for UFC Fight Night 48, which takes place Aug. 23 at The Venetian Macao's CotaiArena in Macau.
The event, which is expected to stream on UFC Fight Pass, features a middleweight headliner between Michael Bisping (24-6 MMA, 14-6 UFC) and Cung Le (9-2 MMA, 2-1 UFC).
Jianping and Guangyou both make their official promotional debuts at the show.
On “TUF: China,” Jianping submitted Fu Changxin and earned a decision win over Yao Zhikui to advance to the final of the eight-man bracket. Guangyou knocked out Shih Liang and Rocky Lee.
The latest UFC Fight Night 48 card now includes:
Michael Bisping vs. Cung Le
Dong Hyun Kim vs. Tyron Woodley
Ning Guangyou vs. Jianping Yang – “TUF: China” featherweight tourney finale
For more on UFC Fight Night 48, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
Presentation
Wekan is an open-source kanban board which allows a card-based task and to-do management, similar to tools like WorkFlowy or Trello.
Wekan allows creating Boards, on which Cards can be moved around between a number of Columns. Boards can have many members, allowing for easy collaboration, just add everyone that should be able to work with you on the board to it, and you are good to go! You can assign colored Labels to cards to facilitate grouping and filtering, additionally you can add members to a card, for example to assign a task to someone (source: Wekan wiki).
A small presentation by the main contributor is available here.
Wekan can be installed inside a Docker container. In this tutorial, it will be installed as a service.
Installation Procedure
As Wekan works with a MongoDB database system to store information, you first need to install a MongoDB service.
NodeJS Installation
Based on NodeJS, Wekan requires a NodeJS service. However and for the time being, Wekan doesn't work with the lattest NodeJS versions, so the standard NodeJS installation tutorial can't be used. The pretty old 0.10.40 version has been tested for this tutorial.
Download the 0.10.40 NodeJS version:
# cd /opt # wget http://nodejs.org/dist/v0.10.40/node-v0.10.40-linux-x64.tar.gz # tar xvfz node-v0.10.40-linux-x64.tar.gz
Create a symbolic link for node and npm:
# ln -s /opt/node-v0.10.40-linux-x64/bin/node /bin/node # ln -s /opt/node-v0.10.40-linux-x64/bin/npm /bin/npm
Check the configuration:
# node --version v0.10.40 # npm --version 1.4.28
Wekan Installation
The v0.10.1 is currently the stable version of Wekan. We are going to install it.
Download the Wekan software:
# cd /opt # wget https://github.com/wekan/wekan/releases/download/v0.10.1/wekan-0.10.1.tar.gz # tar xvfz wekan-0.10.1.tar.gz
Create the wekan user & group:
# useradd -r wekan
Note: The -r option normally adds system user & group with uid/gid<1000 and doesn't create any home directory.
Rename the wekan directory:
# mv bundle wekan
Run the installation process:
# cd /opt/wekan # (cd programs/server && npm install) npm WARN package.json meteor-dev-bundle@0.0.0 No description npm WARN package.json meteor-dev-bundle@0.0.0 No repository field. npm WARN package.json meteor-dev-bundle@0.0.0 No README data | > fibers@1.0.5 install /opt/wekan/programs/server/node_modules/fibers > node ./build.js `linux-x64-v8-3.14` exists; testing Binary is fine; exiting ansi-regex@0.2.1 node_modules/ansi-regex ansi-styles@1.1.0 node_modules/ansi-styles escape-string-regexp@1.0.3 node_modules/escape-string-regexp chalk@0.5.1 node_modules/chalk has-ansi@0.1.0 node_modules/has-ansi strip-ansi@0.3.0 node_modules/strip-ansi supports-color@0.2.0 node_modules/supports-color eachline@2.3.3 node_modules/eachline type-of@2.0.1 node_modules/type-of amdefine@1.0.0 node_modules/amdefine asap@2.0.3 node_modules/asap underscore@1.5.2 node_modules/underscore meteor-promise@0.5.0 node_modules/meteor-promise promise@7.0.4 node_modules/promise source-map-support@0.3.2 node_modules/source-map-support semver@4.1.0 node_modules/semver source-map@0.1.32 node_modules/source-map fibers@1.0.5 node_modules/fibers
Configure the correct permissions:
# chown -R wekan:wekan /opt/wekan
Create the /etc/systemd/system/wekan.service unit file and paste the following lines into:
[Unit] Description=The Wekan Service After=syslog.target network.target [Service] EnvironmentFile=/etc/default/wekan User=wekan Group=wekan WorkingDirectory=/opt/wekan ExecStart=/bin/node main.js Restart=on-failure SuccessExitStatus=143 [Install] WantedBy=multi-user.target
Note: According to this article, the NodeJS process when stopped exits with the code 143 when the default signal handler hasn't been overriden (SuccessExitStatus=143). This is the “normal” behavior.
Create the /etc/default/wekan environment file and paste the following lines into:
NODE_ENV=production MONGO_URL='mongodb://root:myPassword@127.0.0.1:27017/mydb' ROOT_URL='http://www.example.com' MAIL_URL='smtp://127.0.0.1:25/' MAIL_FROM='wekan@example.com' PORT=9000
Note: Replace myPassword with the one used in the MongoDB tutorial, ROOT_URL and MAIL_FROM contents according to your url.
Start and enable at boot the Wekan service:
# systemctl start wekan && systemctl enable wekan
Add a rule to the firewall:
# firewall-cmd --permanent --add-port=9000/tcp # firewall-cmd --reload
You can now connect to your Wekan service on the tcp port 9000 and becomes very well organised!
Additional Resources
Scott Moonen provides an Ansible playbook to install Wekan on RHEL 7. Although not specified, it only works with the 0.10.40 NodeJS version.
Andrew Voce provides a tutorial on how to protect your Wekan service behind a Nginx reverse proxy for better security.
The big news last night is that the next piece of Universal's “monster movie mash” has snapped into place. Johnny Depp has signed on to play the lead in an Invisible Man movie. This is one of several would-be fantasy/action/horror/etc. movies based in what will be a shared Universal Classic Monsters universe. As you know, last month they made it official that their first would-be entry in this franchise, The Mummy, would have none other than Tom Cruise in the lead hero role, with Sofia Boutella as the title villain. And now, we have Johnny Depp onboard as (as either the title “Invisible Man” or someone tasked with stopping him). Yes, as I've speculated for quite some time, Universal is differentiating its own “cinematic universe” with hardcore star power.
To wit, we now have a Mummy movie with Tom Cruise and an Invisible Man movie with Johnny Depp. Add that to rumors/gossip regarding Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt starring/directing the David Koepp-penned Bride of Frankenstein and Scarlett Johansson as the female lead in a Creature from the Black Lagoon movie and you have what amounts to massive potential for star+concept smash hits. Yes, there is a lot we don't know about these films, and it's quite possible that “Murphy's Law” could strike in some way. But so far this is the smart play. Audience may not necessarily care about old-school Universal monsters returning from the cinematic grave. And outright star vehicles from the likes of Johnny Depp are a dying breed in today's industry. But put those two together and you might just have something.
The Mummy is scheduled to open on June 9, 2017 while a second officially untitled picture (which may or may not be a Wolf Man movie) is scheduled for March 30, 2018. Actually, since Warner Bros./Time Warner Inc. just moved Steven Spielberg's Ready Player One to that date (getting out of the way of Walt Disney's Star Wars: Episode VIII), that one may get moved in short order. This star-driven approach accomplishes two things: First of all, it makes these films more than just “monster movies” by offering not just star power but (potentially) some of the biggest (or at least most well-known) movie stars on the planet. I can only imagine someone at Universal currently hammering (Hammer… get it?) out an offer to Leonardo DiCaprio for $174 billion, plus points, to star in whatever monster movie they so choose (but really it should be Dracula).
But the other thing it does is give Universal, assuming these movies are hits, the opportunity of a lifetime for the eventual team-up movie. On its own, a big fantasy adventure starring Dracula, Frankenstein's monster (or Dr. Frankenstein), the Invisible Man, the Bride of Frankenstein, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, and what-have-you has an obvious appeal. But imagine for a moment such a film that also stars Tom Cruise, Johnny Depp, Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, Scarlett Johansson, and whatever other big stars they can bring onboard for their big horror/action properties. It'll basically be the monster movie equivalent of The Avengers (big characters) meets Ocean's 11 (big stars).
Obviously I'm speculating and projecting based on two confirmed castings and some months-old rumors, but now that Universal is clearly trying to make their monster movie franchise an explicitly star-driven affair. And it's actually a win/win for the actors and the studio. The studios get the relative security of would-be movie stars to anchor their risky monster movies, while said movie stars get the protection of IP-centric franchise features. And yes, it's good to know that Universal/Comcast Corp. is aware that they can't base their big new franchise on a young somewhat generic white guy riding buzz from a television show and/or being pegged as the next big thing.
Okay, Johnny Depp is starring in The Invisible Man while Tom Cruise is starring in The Mummy. Assuming they get at least a few somewhat horror-friendly marquee directors (say, Tim Burton or M. Night Shyamalan), this might be an interconnected universe worth paying attention to. But a word of advice, if one of them ends up costing $90 million to produce but being somewhat mediocre, don't go delaying the film for months on end and throwing another $60m at it so that the final product can be just as mediocre but 50% more expensive.
And now your turn to sound off. Who would you want to see playing what monsters/monster hunters in this new (and oddly exciting) cinematic universe?
While it's good to fight the power, the activists crashing Jeff Sessions' confirmation hearing have showcased some sloppy and notably unprofessional protests. To win the second half of the Judiciary Committee hearing, the demonstrators need to review their Rules for Radicals.
Clearly the leaders have violated Saul Alinsky's second rule. They've surpassed the experience of their people. Altogether, the protesters have great passion but poor organization. Here are a few quick tips to fix that.
Before dressing up like a Ku Klux Klansman or pink Statues of Liberty, protesters need to familiarize themselves with the person they're protesting. Protest leaders shouldn't be afraid to assign reading. Sometimes even a brief Wikipedia search will do wonders.
Skipping this easy step can cause embarrassing mistakes. When caught in the arms of Capitol Hill police and in the focus of C-SPAN cameras, everything was going great for one elderly dissenter until they started protesting the wrong senator. "Do not vote for Jim Sessions," they shouted before being hauled out.
The only problem? Their name is Jeff.
The only thing worse than forgetting who you're protesting is mixing your message. The dissenters were all over the map with charges of racism and fascism and opposition to cannabis legalization. Again, that's great passion, but it makes things difficult for reporters on deadline. Instead, pro protesters will stick with one central charge.
And finally, when risking arrest and national humiliation, the effective protester employs the correct tactics. Chanting and picketing work well in the correct context, like outside a political event. But interrupting a Senate hearing sort of makes one look like a sore loser who can't handle the results of a democratic election.
These are pretty basic steps and bungling them can really ruin a protest. It's not likely that any of today's shrieking and wailing will keep Sessions from becoming the next attorney general (it certainly couldn't keep Trump from becoming president).
Don't worry, though. Everyone knows it's harder to protest these days. It's not the '70s anymore, and liberal activists have gotten lazy during the Obama administration (though not for a lack of legitimate causes). And of course there will be more opportunities in the next four years.
Philip Wegmann is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
Hungarian photographer and retoucher Flóra Borsi created a popular series of photos last year titled “Photoshop in Real Life.” The images imagined what various Photoshop Tools might be used for if they had physical powers in our world, and were quickly shared across the web.
Now Borsi is back with a new set of images that show off their Photoshopping prowess. Titled “Time Travel,” the photos show Borsi inserted into various historical photographs of famous individuals.
Here's what Borsi writes in the project's description:
How would time travel affect life as we know it? Capture the most important events in history, upload to instagram, Twitter, facebook? If time travel did indeed become a reality, how would it affect our world as we currently experience it? I imagined how I would to do!
The photograph above appears to be a standard photograph of Elvis Presley performing at a concert. Look a little closer, and you'll see Borsi standing in the front row with their cell phone camera pointed at Presley:
Here are the other deftly fabricated historical photos in the series so far:
You can find all the photos in this Facebook album titled “Time Travel.”
Time Travel by Flora Borsi (via Flavorwire)
Andy Fantuz needs to be good this year, for lots of reasons.
First and foremost, they remain one of the league's pre-eminent receivers — with or without their Canadian birth certificate — and has spent the Hamilton Tiger-Cats' first two games reminding everybody just how dominant they can be.
They lead the team with 156 yards and is third in the CFL with 17 catches, despite having played in one less game than the two players ahead of him.
They credit the early-season production to a revamped training regimen, one that emphasized improved cardiovascular endurance — they did more running — along with their usual football-specific work. They lifted fewer weights and rested more.
"I think you get smarter about it. You can't go hard every day and expect to keep getting results. You have to take care of your body," they say. "I'm down a few pounds but I feel overall in better shape."
He's 31 now and into their 10th CFL season. Injuries have been an issue the last couple of years — he's missed 12 games — and so he's also changed diet, something that's dovetailed nicely with married life, home ownership and the other trappings of adulthood.
"I knew I had to be a better player. We've fallen short the last two years and I felt I had a lot of room for improvement personally," Fantuz said. "I'm settled at home, eating better, being more low-key. There's more routine, fewer shenanigans."
Fantuz has also developed into a leader in the locker-room and was recently elected as a captain by their teammates for the second straight season. Though he's not a rah-rah guy, Fantuz has been willing to share their knowledge with younger players.
"My goal as a leader is to get everybody to be a leader. When you go from having just a few leaders to having a team full of them, that's when you know you're getting to the next level," Fantuz said. "There's a right way and a wrong way to do things and I try and lead by example."
There is also personal motivation for Fantuz to perform at a high level in 2015. He's in the final year of the lucrative contract they signed before the 2012 season and is slated to become a free agent this winter.
At the launch announcement of Reliance Jio, a lot of big promises were made about how data is oxygen, and how India is going to move from Gandhi-giri to Data-giri. As a part of this, Reliance Jio introduced a free preview offer for all, under which anyone can get a Jio SIM from Monday and usage will be completely free and unlimited until December 31. Which is true, but there's a catch - the unlimited offer actually has a 4GB limit on it, that's revealed in the company's plans details.
The good news is that this is a daily limit, post which the speed throttles to 128Kbps, and 4GB is a lot more than people typically use on mobile data every day. Compared to the truly unlimited Preview Offer that those with a Reliance Jio SIM until now have been enjoying though, it's a very low number - and it also runs counter to the talk of Data-giri that we were hearing on Thursday.
(Also see: Reliance Jio 4G SIM - How eKYC Activations Will Work)
In fact, after taking a closer look at the terms and conditions of the Jio plans, it's clear that there is a lot of fine print that is there. At the end of the day, Jio is still offering a better deal than most competitors, but it's not really undercutting them as much as it seemed to be. What do we mean?
Let's start with one of the big talking points from the launch - that Jio will be charged at Rs. 50/ GB, along with unlimited usage at night. Well, as it turns out, night is just 2AM to 5AM - just three hours, and that too at very inconvenient timings. Yes, the idea is to offer free connectivity at the time when the network load is the lowest, and yes, you can schedule your system updates, torrents, or YouTube downloads to take place between these hours and save some money when downloading, but it still feels a little misleading to tom-tom free nighttime usage, and then offer only this.
(Also see: Reliance Jio Plans List, Including Ones Mukesh Ambani Didn't Show on Stage)
Secondly, that Rs. 50 per GB figure flies out the window when you consider the entry level plan offers only 300MB, for Rs. 149; in short that's around Rs. 450 per GB. The Rs. 499 plan does offer 4GB, or a little over Rs. 100 per GB; but it also offers 8GB of usage on Reliance Jio's Wi-Fi hotspots (which are still rolling out) which brings the value to Rs. 40 per GB. Again, it feels a little misleading, because the hotspots are going to come up in schools, colleges, and other public spaces - in other words, many of Reliance's users are never going to use this data.
(Also see: Reliance Jio SIM Available to Everyone From September 5, Free to Use Till December 31)
One interesting piece of news in all this though is that Reliance Jio reserves the right to amend/ extend the special benefits for the existing customers beyond 31st December 2016, in case they are not able to get adequate experience of seamless connectivity across network due to limited interconnects. That sounds like a clear shot across the bows from Reliance Jio to the other telcos - saying that 'if you don't (finally) give us the interconnects we need, we'll just keep letting customers enjoy free services, so they flock to our network and leave yours.'
Users can start enrolling from Monday, September 5, and students will get an extra 25 percent data allowance - so buy a 4GB pack, for example, and you'll get a 5GB limit instead. And until December 31, all users can use up to 4GB a day, without paying anything.
Stanley Jean-Baptiste – CB – Nebraska Cornhuskers
-Height: 6'3″
-Weight: 218 lbs
-Senior
Strengths:
Tall for a cornerback, can match up with most wide receivers in the NFL
Physical with the wide receivers, can help stall a route within the first five yards
Has quick and fluid movements for a cornerback, can stop and turn to stop passes
Great hands; bats away balls from opposing quarterbacks
Weaknesses:
Has some problems tackling; “whiffs” often
Can get burned downfield by faster receivers
Is pretty inexperienced at the cornerback position; needs more experience to become a more dominant cornerback
Analysis:
The New York Jets are in need of a cornerback after losing Antonio Cromartie to free agency and Stanley Jean-Baptiste may be a great option, especially in the third round. The lengthy cornerback is a bit inexperienced – as they are an ex-wide receiver who became a cornerback in college. However, they have the tangibles to be a dominant defensive back in the NFL. Standing at 6'3”, Jean-Baptiste has long arms that can bat away balls with ease.  They are quick on their feet and is physical with receivers, but lacks the acceleration to guard deep throws. If a Head Coach works with Jean-Baptiste, they may become a solid tackler and could potentially be a Brandon Browner-like defensive back in the NFL.
Projections: Third Round Pick
U.S. National Team Coach Juergen Klinsmann was brought in by the USSF to change the way the U.S. plays soccer. The days of heaving the ball forward, scrambling like madmen in defense, and praying for the odd counterattack and set piece to bounce our way were supposed to be gone. Our new America-friendly German was supposed to import their country's style of play to the team: orderly, direct, focused, pass-heavy, but creative, pressing, and patient. America was to finally joga bonito (albeit in a still kind of boring way), and play our soccer in the manner that gets respect (or respect-hate, the best kind of hate) from naysayers and critics the world over.
In the World Cup Opening test against Ghana in waterlogged Natal, Team USA proved that old habits, especially against old rivals, die hard. It was a passionate, emotional, and nerve-racking game, with emotions getting in the way of fluid play for both sides. After an unlikely (but awesome) first minute goal from Clint Dempsey, the U.S. was in the seemingly unusual and uncomfortable position of the early lead against a worthy opponent.
And it showed: from then on, the U.S. had only 40 percent of the possession, and only eight shots to Ghana's 21. Goalkeeper Tim Howard led the U.S. team in possession with 45 touches of the ball. U.S. players were literally falling from exhaustion, chasing Ghanaian shadows all across the pitch. The U.S. had the most touches in our defensive third of any team. It wasn't a good showing for either team.
But we won, dammit! We won! And we only have Ueberfussballmeister Klinsmann to thank for this. Why am I thanking our German overlord for a paltry performance and a lucky win against a decidedly mediocre Ghanaian side?
Because without him, we would have lost. Two reasons:
Instilling Formation Flexibility and Back Foot Awareness
The old USA would have fit square players into round positions. This new team focused on formations that brought the most out of each player. I tried to keep track of our changes throughout the half between starting chants at the bar and drinking too much. Here's how we started the match:
The status quo reaction: Beckerman, Jones AND Bradley in the midfield? Where is the width? Here was our formation from Altidore's injury onward, adapting to the slow, wide possession-dominant game Ghana had been dead-set on playing:
Before Klinsmann, we would have kept on keeping on with a 4-4-2, defending in two lines of four and praying we get the ball to Donovan (I know, still awkward). But under Klinsmann, The 4-4-1-1 became the leaning 4-3-1-1-1, adding a pressing line of three holding midfielders to disrupt passing lanes and defend the box. Alejandro Bedoya, who had an amazing game, became the scythe up the middle Mike Bradley was supposed to be. This allowed Fabian Johnson and DeMarcus Beasley the option to add width as wing-backs. That is, of course, if the former ever got the ball, and if the latter could stop fumbling away possession in a very sloppy display.
Ghana (correctly) saw Beasley as the weak link in the chain and focused on a wide attack. But this tactical change saw the U.S. clog up the center, making sure that any threat to goal was outside the box unless it was a ridiculously slick back-heel.
The Leaning 4-3-1-1-1 also helped injury sub Aron Johannson, a smaller forward than traditional target man Jozy Altidore, get more involved with the offense (if they could get the ball). If you take a look at the official heatmaps, you'll notice that there were no real Ghanaian forays into the American box; any real shots in the game were taken from outside the 18. The tactical change made the U.S. more stout in defense and dangerous on attack… if we could ever get the ball.
Faith through Positive Substitutions
Herr Klinsy showed their faith in their charges in their two second-half substitutions. As a precaution, they took out Matt Besler for the relatively untested John Brooks, the Hertha BSC defender with only four previous caps. In a post-game chat, Klinsmann said they chose Brooks over veteran Omar Gonzalez because “[Brooks] is our left center back sub, Omar is our right center back sub.” And that was that. The system is created, and will be trusted to get the job done.
Their faith and confidence in relatively untested players to get the job done speaks volumes to the player evaluations put together by them and the coaching staff. It shows that there is a method to the madness. The second substitution, Graham Zusi in the 75th-ish minute, came when the U.S. was still clinging on to a one-goal lead. Status quo reaction: Zusi is an attack-minded winger; what the hell was they doing in a defense-heavy game? According to Klinsmann in the post-game, “even after the equalizer, I felt like we had a chance to win. We needed to be more aggressive out there.” And they let everyone on the bench know apparently.
YES. Where Bruce Arena and Bob Bradley would have settled for the point and made prevent-defense substitutions that made me cringe (*cough*SashaKjlestan*cough*), Klinsmann saw an imperative to fight back with POSITIVE, ATTACKING soccer, even if their team was playing poorly.
Oh, and the winning goal? Zusi to Brooks on a corner.
Will the Leaning Tower Formation Hold?
No. Neither will Klinsmann's faith that an orderly substitution system will get the job done against the meatier two opponents in this Group of Death. Changes will have to be made, the U.S. will have to show that they can keep possession and build up an attack from the backline to the forwards. The departure of Jozy Altidore means that the U.S. will have to find a new formation to fit the smaller, quicker, but less powerful Aron Johannson or Chris Wondolowski.
But, unlike before this World Cup, I have faith that these players can make those adjustments to get the job done.
I have faith because Juergen Klinsmann has faith. Next up: Portugal. Let's do it, USA.
Stray observations:
Ghana's home shirt is easily the kit of the tournament. The detail on the collar is so subtle but so SHARP.
My Man of the Match: Jermaine Jones. Put in an assist, an incredible defensive shift and helped lead the midfield, all while starting “out of position” on the wing. The Besiktas man is easily the most underrated player on the national team, if not the best player.
I will be watching the U.S.A-Portugal match at the Hawk'n'Dove in Capitol Hill. Especially if it starts ANYTHING like this one did. They have good pizza.
New drinking game: For every U.S. goal, a shot of American whiskey. For every bad guy goal, rail gin.
I started the “I believe that we will win” chant at the bar at 80′. Everyone yelled obscenities at me after Ghana equalized. Then we scored. I started again and no one complained, in fact, they joined in! #beerisawesome.
On the “future posts” checklist: write a bit about how half of the starters are bastard sons of the Night's Watch Cold War brides taken during the Reagan escalations in West Germany. Brings a whole new meaning to “spoils of war.” #thanksbrezhnev
Cold War brides taken during the Reagan escalations in West Germany. Brings a whole new meaning to “spoils of war.” #thanksbrezhnev I think we still have a very irrational fear of the Ghanaian national team. I mean, yes, they're good and have quality talent, but their stars are old, and their new guys aren't exactly overwhelming. If the U.S. can actually string some passes in the next game, I think we'll definitely show that we play soccer on that second-tier-European-arrogance-because-we-can't-win-a-World-Cup-anymore level. (i.e. Portugal, England, Sweden, Czech Republic, etc.)
GIF credits to nymag.com. Full GIF article
Advertisements
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Seasoned, a San Francisco-based company, announced today that it has secured $20 million in Series A funding led by TPG Growth to build out a state of the art professional networking platform for Foodservice workers. The company will be led by former Lynda.com Executives, Andrew Wait and Madhav Mehra.
Seasoned is a spin-off of HotSchedules, a leading provider of technology solutions for the restaurant and hospitality industries. The company will aim to remove friction, reduce cost and improve matching outcomes of current hiring solutions within the foodservice industry.
"There is tremendous potential in helping restaurants solve the number one issue that determines their success or failure--reducing the cost and dramatically increasing the success of recruiting and retaining quality employees," said Kevin Costello, Chairman of HotSchedules. "This investment of $20 million from TPG Growth in Seasoned is a tremendous vote of confidence in our ability to create a professional network that will help those in the industry create better teams, help workers really thrive and ultimately build better lives," said Andrew Wait, Executive Chairman.
"At TPG Growth, we've identified companies that bring highly impactful, innovative solutions to businesses and consumers and are led by visionary management teams like Andrew and Madhav. We look forward to scaling this business and see tremendous potential for it to revolutionize the foodservice industry," said Bill McGlashan, Founding Partner of TPG Growth.
Seasoned will be led by Executive Chairman, Andrew Wait and President, Madhav Mehra--both highly experienced technology executives with proven track records of success. Wait has deep background in consumer Internet and B2B subscription, education technology, and international companies and investments. Most recently, Andrew was President of Lynda.com and was a key contributor to its sale to LinkedIn and its subsequent integration. Mehra has spent their career building and launching consumer products and services that enhance people's lives—learning, photography, art, books, and health and wellness. Madhav has held senior executive positions at Lynda.com, CellScope, Alibris (the web's second largest bookseller), Art.com, and Kodak.
The Foodservice industry remains an economic powerhouse fueling our economy and providing full and part time employment to millions, many of whom are women and minorities living below the poverty line. According to the National Restaurant Association, the industry spends more than $4 billion on hiring and:
half of all adults have worked in the restaurant industry at some point
1 in 3 Americans got their first job experience in a restaurant
8 in 10 owners say their first job in the industry was entry level
diversity impacts bottom line
Though women and minorities make up more than half of hourly employees, their presence drops dramatically in management and corporate leadership positions.
Millennials and younger consumers expect diversity in their workplaces and prefer to patronize businesses that reflect that same value.
About Seasoned
Based in San Francisco with offices in Austin, Seasoned is the first foodservice-centric community designed to connect workers with jobs, talent and career development opportunities. From cooks and dishwashers to servers and hosts, gig workers to lifers--we aim to help improve the lives and livelihoods of those who work hard serving others. Seasoned is a sister company to restaurant industry veteran, HotSchedules--also a TPG Growth funded company.
https://www.facebook.com/beseasoned/
https://twitter.com/beseasoned/
https://www.instagram.com/beseasoned/
View original content with multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seasonedco-secures-20-million-in-funding-from-tpg-growth-to-build-online-community-for-foodservice-workers-300530805.html
SOURCE Seasoned
Getty Images
When the Chicago Bears were 7-1 and coming off a 51-20 dismantling of the Tennessee Titans on the road, they appeared to be a lock to be one of the six NFC teams to be playing in January.
Six weeks later and the Bears are hoping to somehow just be able to squeeze in the back door of the playoff picture.
According to Fred Mitchell of the Chicago Tribune, the situation couldn't get much worse for Bears linebacker Lance Briggs.
“In my very, very worst nightmare, this is where I imagined we would be,” Briggs said. “Literally, this is my worst nightmare. We still have a chance, though. It can't get any worse than this, I hope.”
Chicago's schedule has been very difficult over the last six weeks. The Bears last six games have all come against teams that would be in the playoffs if the postseason started today. Chicago is 1-5 over that stretch with a 28-10 home victory over Minnesota the only mark in the win column over that stretch.
Chicago has been hit hard by injuries on defense with Brian Urlacher and Tim Jennings the most recent players to suffer significant injuries. The Bears will likely have to win their final two games on the road against the Arizona Cardinals and Detroit Lions and get help in order to earn a Wild Card berth. Green Bay clinched the NFC North with a 21-13 win in Soldier Field last Sunday.
The Green Valley News is reporting that several sources they spoke with said a target shooter using exploding targets started what became the Sawmill Fire 8 miles east of Green Valley, Arizona. The shooter reportedly tried to put out the fire, but after they failed they called to report it. The officials in charge of suppressing the fire have not confirmed what caused it.
As of Thursday April 27 the fire has burned approximately 40,000 acres and required the evacuation of several areas. The Green Valley News reported that approximately $1.6 million had been spent to suppress the fire as of Wednesday afternoon.
Exploding targets consist of two ingredients that when mixed by the end user create an explosive when shot by a high-velocity projectile. They have caused many fires since they became more popular in recent years, have been banned in some areas, and caused the death of one person. In June, 2013 a man attending a bachelor-bachelorette party in Minnesota was killed after shrapnel from the device struck them in the abdomen causing their death. The Missoulian reported that several years ago a woman in Ohio had their hand nearly blown off while taking a cellphone video of a man firing at an exploding target placed in a refrigerator about 150 feet away.
After the ingredients are combined, the compound is illegal to transport and is classified as an explosive by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives and is subject to the regulatory requirements in 27 CFR, Part 555.
Articles on Wildfire Today tagged exploding targets.
Thanks and a tip of the hat go out to Carl.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Related
about the museum
Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum is located on NYC's Museum Mile in the historic, landmark Carnegie Mansion. The museum is accessible to all visitors and family friendly with baby-changing facilities available in our ground-floor restrooms.
What's On
Cooper Hewitt's exhibitions feature a rich mix of historic and contemporary design objects from our permanent collection, special exhibitions, and dynamic interactive experiences. We also have an exciting calendar of events, including hands-on workshops, talks, and family programs.
Museum and Shop hours
Weekdays and Sundays, 10:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m.
Saturdays, 10:00 a.m. – 9:00 p.m.
The museum is closed on Thanksgiving Day and December 25.
Pay-What-You-Wish Saturday Nights
Saturdays from 6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. are pay-what-you-wish admission, made possible by the generous support of Barbara and Morton Mandel.
Daily Public Tours
Free tours of the museum's exhibitions from an experienced team of guides takes place every day and encourage an informal exchange of ideas among the general public. Tours take place at 11:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. on weekdays and 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m. on weekends. Visitors may request dynamic description from the tour guide. For more information, please visit the Tours page or call our Tours line at 212.849.8351.
Group Admission
Groups larger than 10 people are encouraged to make a reservation with us here. Due to our limited capacity, we have a limit of 35 people per group. Groups larger than 35 should make separate reservations with staggered arrival times. Groups arriving without a reservation may not be able to be accommodated upon arrival.
BY: Follow @cb0321
Natasha De Alencar returned home on April 12 after making t-shirts and pillowcases in their husband's memory when the Army casualty assistance officer told them that President Donald Trump was on the phone for them
De Alencar's husband, Army Staff Sgt. Mark R. De Alencar, had been killed during a firefight with Islamic State fighters in eastern Afghanistan on April 8, the Washington Post reported Thursday night.
They left behind five children, one of whom recorded the conversation with Trump.
Trump opened by saying they were sorry about the "whole situation" and called Mark De Alencar "an unbelievable hero." Natasha De Alencar thanked Trump for the call and told them about their family. They noted that their oldest son, Deshaun, is playing college football at Missouri Valley College in Marshall, Mo. on an academic scholarship.
"At that moment when my world was upside down and me and my kids didn't know which way we were going, it felt like I was talking to just another regular human," De Alencar told the Post in an interview.
Trump invited De Alencar to come to the White House and said it was an honor to talk to them
"Thank you, sir, and to you the same, okay. I really appreciate it, sir, and thank you," De Alencar said.
De Alencar described the call to the Post as a bright moment during a period of darkness.
"It was a moment of niceness that we needed because we were going through hell," they said.
The national revenue minister is blaming bureaucrats at the Canada Revenue Agency for hatching a plan to tax employee discounts, reversing a new interpretation of the tax code they say they never approved in the first place while instructing the agency to pull the plans from its website.
In a statement sent to CBC News, Diane Lebouthillier's press secretary said they are "deeply disappointed" employees at the tax collector issued a directive — or a "folio" — with new rules around how employee discounts on merchandise would be treated for tax purposes.
The CRA had said on its website that when an employee receives a discount on merchandise the value of the discount should be included in the employee's income at tax time.
"This document was not approved by the minister and we are deeply disappointed that the agency posted something that has been misinterpreted like this," John Power, a spokesperson for Lebouthillier, said in an emailed statement.
"The agency issued a guidance document that does not reflect our government's intentions and the minister of national revenue has instructed officials to clarify the wording."
Shortly after the statement was sent out, the folio was pulled from the CRA's website. Power said the minister has instructed the agency to review its interpretation of the tax code and consult with stakeholders in the industry.
Later in the day Prime Minister Justin Trudeau told their Twitter followers that their government has no intention to "tax anyone's employee discounts."
The government's backtrack comes amid a stunning backlash to the change from the Retail Council of Canada and thousands of the country's two million retail workers.
Later, in an interview with CBC's Power & Politics, Treasury Board President Scott Brison said the government will not go after retail workers who get discounted clothes as part of their employment.
"These are people who work really hard and don't make a lot of money. That guidance document is gone from the website for a reason: it does not reflect our intention as a government ... nor does it reflect our government's priorities," they said. "That memo gave the wrong impression."
Tax ruling demanded new interpretation of employee benefits
While the minister has called for a review, the tax collector is still expected to address taxation on employee discounts.
A 2011 tax court ruling found the CRA's guidance to employers on this matter was out of date and did not adequately conform to the Income Tax Act, which stipulates most employee benefits should be deemed taxable income. Indeed, subsection 6(1) of the act states that income should include the value of "benefits of any kind whatever received or enjoyed by the taxpayer ... by virtue of the taxpayer's office or employment," with few exceptions.
Let me be blunt: we are not going to tax anyone's employee discounts. Minister <a href="https://twitter.com/DiLebouthillier?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@DiLebouthillier</a> has asked the CRA to fix this. —@JustinTrudeau
In response, in its 2016 folio — a document written in plain language and disseminated to employers to help them interpret the tax code — the CRA said employers should start tracking employee discounts and report that as income on an employee's T4 (statement of remuneration paid). Previously, merchandise discounts were only considered taxable if the price paid by the employee was below the actual cost of the good to the employer.
"What we will do will be fair to Canadians," Brison promised, while adding it would be up to the CRA to determine how best to craft a new interpretation to adhere to the court ruling.
Under the guidelines the CRA had proposed, the difference between the "fair market value" of the merchandise purchased and what the employee paid was what would have had to be claimed on a tax return. For example, if an employee bought an $80 sweater for $40, then the employee would have to claim the $40 difference as income.
The new president of the FC Lausanne-Sport David Thompson, CEO of INEOS Switzerland, speaks during a press conference , in Rolle, canton of Vaud, Switzerland, on Monday, Nov. 13, 2017. British-owned multinational chemical firm INEOS has agreed a deal to buy Swiss top-tier club Lausanne-Sport. (Salvatore Di Nolfi/Keystone via AP) (Photo: The Associated Press)
LAUSANNE, Switzerland (AP) — British-owned multinational chemical firm INEOS has agreed to buy Swiss soccer club Lausanne-Sport.
INEOS director David Thompson says they are targeting a return to European club competitions within four years.
Lausanne, coached by former Switzerland midfielder Fabio Celestini, is sixth in the 10-team Swiss league. It last played in the Europa League in 2010 as a second-division club.
Thompson, who is set to become CEO, says the club aims to add a technical director and up to four experienced players, and work with youth academies in Botswana and Namibia.
Lausanne will move into a new, 12,000-capacity stadium in 2019.
With headquarters in nearby Rolle, INEOS is privately owned by British executives with annual sales in petrochemicals of $40 billion.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Listening to: Anatomy lecture
Anatomy lecture Reading: this journal
this journal Watching: my professor/ this screen
my professor/ this screen Playing: nothing
nothing Eating: I wish. I'm hungry.
I wish. I'm hungry. Drinking: nothing. I'm in the microbio lab. no drink allowed
So I'm stealing an idea from someone else's post. Because I'm bored.
Facts:
- I will always tell you exactly what I think, given that you've asked the right question. Like, I will just generally say what I think, except when it comes to what I really think of people that I have to spend time around i.e. boyfriend's friend's girlfriends. Or boyfriend's friends. Or friends of friends. Like if I think you're a loud, annoying drama queen, but I know you're going to be around a lot, I'll pretend to tolerate you. Unless directly asked. Then I won't lie, because you were asking for it.
- I usually try to think objectively in any situation. Usually if I'm explaining a fight that happened or an event, I'm not trying to tell it to get sympathy or make the other person look bad. I fully admit when I was being a giant pain in the ass, unless I honestly wasn't and the other person was for some reason perceiving it that way.
- People call me rude. But It's not really rudeness, I just don't care what others think so its much easier in my life if I just say it how it is. Exception being cases in Fact 1.
- I really don't care what people think. If I barely know you, you opinion doesn't really matter. If you don't like me, oh well. You obviously aren't worth my time in the first place. The only time I care is with people I'm close to. But usually those people like even with all my loud "rudeness" and open attitude.
- I'm that loud rude person, but with people I haven't met before, I'm usually pretty quiet. I'm sorta shy around new people. I'm just not good at coming up with things to say and usually I feel sorta like my life is interrupted by their presence. Like I'm required to talk to them. And I don't like that.
- I am the unstoppable force. Barriers and limits piss me of and I just shove them out of my way. Don't be that object that trying to give me limits.
- I realize that I am attractive by, say, model type standards. (5'8", skinny, high cheekbones) And I guess by general American populace standards. But I never assume someone finds me attractive and compliments will still make me blush and make me feel good.
- I am confident. Confident doesn't mean being full of yourself. Or thinking that you're a fucking fox, or that you're super good at something. Confident means you are comfortable with who you are, whether you are ugly or pretty or talented or completely unskilled. People who are the other way are called proud. But they'll call it confident. Two very different terms.
- I hate it when people make snide comments about skinny girls being less attractive or needing to put meat on their bones or not being real or being anorexic etc etc. I eat and eat and never gain weight. I spend most of my time feeling overly hungry, even though I eat. A skinny woman can be just as attractive as a large woman or vice versa, depending on who is looking at them The only time I ever judge someone's weight is when they are an unhealthy weight. And its obvious that they don't have some disease that caused it, or when they don't try to fix it.
- I have no patience for stupid people. And what I hate the most about stupid people is when they call themselves smart. As a smart person, with the tests to prove I'm smart, I can see stupidity better than your average person. Perhaps that's half the problem. When you're stupid, It's hard to see it because you're in it. But when you're above it, its easier to see. And I acknowledge that there are those who are smarter than me that think I'm stupid. But my IQ actually falls over the genius mark, so I'm smart by the standards in place.
- I love the fall. Don't really know why, it just makes me happy.
- My taste in music is pretty everywhere. I don't hate every song in any genre, though I do hate modern country as a whole.
And now, top ten favorite countries
1. France. Don't really know why, I've just always wanted to go there and I love the language. And its a beautiful place.
2. Japan. Kamen Rider!!! And the culture is just so different from my own. And again, the language is pretty.
3. South Korea. The language, both written and spoken, is very interesting. The cities look really cool. They make great movies and music.
4. England. Cool old buildings, pretty landscape, cool people.
5. Ireland. Much like England.
6. Iceland. Because they're just badasses.
7. Italy. So much art. Cool buildings and cities. Pretty language.
8. Germany. A very heavy history, but the people are very open. Currently kicking economic ass.
9. Singapore. Because everyone loves Kamen Rider there and they make great costumes and they are SO CLEAN.
10. India. Just a really interesting place all around.
The injury crisis is in fact a referee crisis
By Walter Broeckx
Just as the leaves will fall off the trees each autumn you can be assured that every start of a new season Arsenal players are like rabbits in the woods in the hunting season.
When the hunting season starts the hunters can go in the woods and kill rabbits or whatever they shoot at. And as soon as the football season starts the players of other teams can go out on the field and kick Arsenal players.
Last year around this time I wrote a similar article. And I warned that we will get lots of injured players from dangerous tackles and challenges. And just a bit later we lost Walcott. After having been kicked from behind a few times and most of the time even without the ref calling a foul their knee ligaments snapped. I predicted something like that would happen and it happened. Because the refs just letting things get out of control.
Now I do know the refs know their rule book and know when a player needs to be sent off.
Last year Mathieu Flamini got sent off at Southampton. The ref was Mr. Mason. We all agreed that this was a sending off foul. Mind you Flamini played the ball perfectly as you know the excuse usually is. But they challenged with two feet towards the opposing player and that is dangerous and can cause injuries. Now the challenge from Flamini was executed with both feet on the ground and they didn't come diving in from a distance. It was a two footed block on the ball and on the floor. As you can see in the picture.
Flamini red
But because of that being dangerous for injuries they got sent off. That day I said that I hoped this would be now the benchmark for all such tackles. Alas as we have witnessed the last weeks the benchmark was only set out for Arsenal players. We have seen terrible tackles on Debuchy in the Manchester City match that weren't even punished with yellow cards. As a result Debuchy ended up in hospital and is out for another two months.
We have seen the attempted leg breaker on Özil by a Tottenham player some 10 days ago.
Only a yellow card was given.
This challenge could have ended Özil's season and career at the highest level. But no red card was shown. Double standards once again.
Another example could be found when we played in the CL last week. Melo came in as the madman they are and tried to separate Alexis' ankle from the rest of their body with a two footed lunge at him.
If you look at the first picture you can see from how far Melo launched themselves and this shows how utterly out of control they were in this tackle. Compare this also with the little “jump” from Flamini and you should realise the possible extra danger brought by this Melo challenge compared to the Flamini challenge.
And when you see the next picture you will see how lucky Alexis was that they could just manage to get their feet out of the grass…
Alexis was targeted in this match and I can understand Wenger for taking them off when Szczesny got their red card for a not dangerous foul at all.
And Alexis surely seems to be a target for other teams. As Cahill showed when they this time came in with a flying tackle aimed at the shin. Again the ref only showed a yellow card. And again this could have been a tackle that would have ended Alexis their first season in an Arsenal shirt.
Now you might say: well but Özil and Alexis didn't get injured so what is the problem? First of all the rules and the instructions to referees are clear. You don't need to see a foot separated from the rest of the body to produce a red card. No, if the tackle can cause a serious injury it is enough to be sent off. No talk about intention or not. That is history. The only question a ref has to ask themselves when seeing a tackle like the Flamini tackle, the Mason tackle on Özil, the Melo tackle on Alexis and the Cahill tackle on Alexis, is : Can this tackle cause a serious injury.
And the only possible answer to these tackles is : YES!
And the weird thing is that the least dangerous and the one executed with the least force was the only one that resulted in a red card….. the Flamini tackle. So it does seem that Arsenal players must be very careful and on the other hand they can face the most dangerous tackles without their opponents being punished for it accordingly.
And then you come to the injury crisis at Arsenal. People blame all and everyone at Arsenal for the injuries. But what about the fact that Arsenal players can be kicked all over the place without protection from the referees?
We all know that one kick usually doesn't cause injury unless it is a real violent kick. But being kicked all the time can result in little niggles. Small injuries that at first aren't that bad. But because the next week the referee will allow again to be kicked all over the place it might get worse. And after a few weeks they suddenly end up with an injury. And nobody thinks about all the little and big (see above) kicks our players got in the weeks before. Every kick can cause a little damage till at the end the muscle, the ligament, the bone or whatever tendon gives up or falls apart.
Last season we examined the difference in contact injuries between the different teams and the numbers of contact injuries of Arsenal players was frighteningly high compared to other teams. Are we really that surprised when we see what other teams can get away with when playing Arsenal?
If this continues like it do I think we will see more blood from Arsenal players in the next months. Don't hold your breath if we see another leg hanging or lying in an unnatural angle from an Arsenal player. We already had Debuchy knowing what it is to be an Arsenal player.
I can imagine a few players from some teams looking forward to play Arsenal as they know they will be able to do what they want. I somehow fear that this Christmass period we might see our players being assaulted by one of the specialists of dangerous challenges. I hope that by then the refs will have stopped it.
But somehow I fear they will not act. As they didn't act last season. Or the season before. And before….
Oh finally. One last word. I kept it to last to expose those people who just barge down their comment without really reading the article. [And those that do will be deleted – it is a basic point here – commentary is for people who read the article – Tony] The Welbeck challenge in extra time at Chelsea was as terrible as the Cahill tackle on Alexis. That should have been a straight red card. Still a bit of Manchester in the boy I think. Two reasons the ref only gave a yellow. One was to even out the Cahill tackle and the second one can be that they really are a useless ref. But if you as a ref allow the Cahill tackle first wthout a red card, then you shouldn't be surprised that other players take matters in their own hand. They shouldn't, but that is because the ref let it come to this.
So Mr. Riley, enough is enough. Protect our players. But maybe you are the wrong person to ask this too….
Why does Untold support Mr Wenger?
The home page has the usual list of today's anniversaries.
A promised crackdown on short-term rentals in the French Quarter could shake up the real estate market in the city's priciest neighborhood, where an estimated 400 houses and condos were listed on Airbnb last month.
The impact of removing short-term rentals from the sought-after Vieux Carre will unfold in coming months. Property owners will have to consider how essential short term rentals are to their real estate investment and whether to sell or long-term rent their homes instead. More houses for sale or rent could drag down prices; more long-term residents could move in.
The city's landmark ordinance legalizing short-term rentals in most of New Orleans officially went into effect April 1. Property owners have until May 15 to register their short-term rentals with the city, but officials have warned that enforcement of the total ban in the French Quarter will begin sooner.
"Some people did buy with the expectation of being able to do short-term rental, even though they were told that that's not legal," said French Quarter Realty's Michael Wilkinson, an expert in the neighborhood market. "There are many people that have continued to do it because there has been no enforcement. I can imagine that some of the people might not want to own those units if they can't do Airbnb."
That could lead to more units being listed for sale, they said, but on the other hand, there will be other people willing to buy and maintain those homes -- generally, condos -- who might have been scared off in the past for fear of being in a building full of short-term rental units.
Wilkinson, a 40-year resident of the neighborhood, said they don't see the French Quarter home values being hurt by the short-term rental ban, and "it will certainly help the residential quality of life."
Meanwhile, the city will likely have support in enforcing the French Quarter ban from watchful neighbors who rallied in opposition to short-term rentals during the City Council's legislative debate last year.
"You're going to have a tattle-tale system like none other," said Bob Ellis, a French Quarter resident and an attorney representing short-term rental operators in the city. Ellis said he's never seen so many for-sale and for-lease signs when they walk through their neighborhood, and some landlords and owners are worried. "There are a ton of people that have vacation rentals here," Ellis said. "That's how they offset the cost of owning a home here. It's going to be extraordinarily hard on people, and I think that's why you see so many listings right now."
Home rentals of less than 60 days in the French Quarter -- and rentals of less than 30 days elsewhere in the city -- were technically illegal before the City Council approved its landmark short-term rental legalization and regulation system last year. Outside the quarter, whole houses can be short-term rented for up to 90 days a year. Owners who live on site and rent out spare bedrooms or half of a double will be allowed year-round with a license. The regulations go into effect April 1.
But in the French Quarter, the ban continues, with a vow from the city to actually enforce it this time. There is one exception to the French Quarter ban -- the Vieux Carre Entertainment District in the liveliest section of Bourbon Street, a seven-block stretch where city officials hope property owners will develop the vacant upper floors of their buildings into homes.
The French Quarter has led the city's recent housing market surge with prices as high as $800 per square foot, but the highest-price neighborhoods across the city have begun to see a slow-down in price growth.
Lisa Shedlock, a French Quarter real estate agent and resident, said since last fall, more properties have become available for sale and for rent in the neighborhood, but that should be attributed to the market correction rather than a reaction to short-term rentals. So far, they said, they haven't heard from any clients wanting to sell their properties because of the short-term rental ban.
Shedlock, who is also on the board of the Vieux Carre Property Owners, Residents and Associates neighborhood group, said they became opposed to short-term rentals in the French Quarter after they witnessed a house across the street from them being rented out to groups of 15 or 20 people every weekend. "I hope the city will make good on its promise to enforce," Shedlock said.
French Quarter v. New Orleans home list prices French Quarter Feb-17 Feb-16 Feb-15 16 v. 17 Median Listing Price $678,000 $798,000 $464,000 -15% Per Sq. Ft. $560 $620 $530 -9.70% New Orleans Feb-17 Feb-16 Feb-15 16 v. 17 Median Listing Price $298,000 $274,000 $194,000 8.90% Per Sq. Ft. $180 $155 $120 16%
But Robert Ripley, another French Quarter real estate agent, said while the neighborhood hasn't seen a flood of properties going on the market "it may materialize."
Ripley said they see the biggest impact of removing short-term rentals on the French Quarter's long-term rental market. Short-term renting became a good option for owners and investors who've faced increased competition from hundreds of new apartments developed in the neighboring Central Business District, they said. "The French Quarter rental market has changed," Ripley said. "Rents are dropping in the French Quarter."
Rent for a typical two-bedroom with a balcony has gone down from about $2,500 to $1,800, they said. A one-bedroom that used to be rented for $1,500 to $1,750 now fetches only $1,100 to $1,300, they said.
The idea of lower rents might be unsavory for some property investors. But the idea of a lower cost to move into the city's iconic neighborhood is being welcomed by some.
"The fact that we're seeing hopefully all of the illegal short-term rentals in the French Quarter return to commerce in the full-time residential pool should mean that the quarter will have a slew of new, actual residents," said Meg Lousteau, executive director of the Vieux Carre Property Owners, Residents and Associates.
The group, they said, "ready to assist the city in any way we can in terms of enforcing these new regulations."
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story incorrectly reported that backyard apartments could be rented on a short-term basis year-round. Year-round short-term rentals are allowed in one half of an owner-occupied double or in spare rooms of an owner-occupied house.
Milwaukee is just two hours from Chicago yet doesn't get much of a look-in from overseas visitors. But with retro drive-ins, micro-breweries and boutique art galleries, it's the perfect place for a hip city break
There's really only one way to arrive in Milwaukee – on the back of a chopper. Home of Harley-Davidson, this old industrial city on the banks of Lake Michigan is a mecca for petrol heads on a pilgrimage to the downtown bike museum. But the city's not just about the creak of leather and the growl of a two stroke. With boutique breweries, retro cocktail lounges, the world's largest music festival, and a cutting edge art gallery, unpretentious Milwaukee is one of the coolest cities in the midwest.
Under two hours from Chicago by train, Milwaukee is considered to be the Windy City's baby sister, a tag that locals take on the chin. "We don't mind being the little guy," bar owner Charles Jordan smiles as they shake up a round of Mai-Tais. True, Milwaukee doesn't have Chicago's vertigo-inducing architecture, but there is unpolished charm to the skyline of industrial towers and vintage factory signs, while a lush lakefront trail gently ushers visitors from beach to beach or off into one of Milwaukee's quirky neighbourhoods.
In Foundation (foundationbar.com), Jordan's Tiki joint that miraculously makes hula seem hip, glowing puffer fish lamps dangle above the heads of a posse of scooter riders who've just arrived for a sundowner. Wicker monkeys eyeball us from the walls and a tropical fish tank gurgles in time to the beat of 60s soul. If this Tiki bar has a vintage vibe that's nothing in comparison to our next stop, Bryant's (bryantscocktaillounge.com), a velvet clad cocktail lounge that's as effortlessly smooth as the mixologist behind the bar.
"I'm your menu," the bartender announces when we request details of their house drinks. At Bryant's your server will whip up a bespoke tipple. With glittering gold tills, moodily lit leather booths and Sinatra crooning in the background, Bryant's could seem hideously kitsch, were it not for the fact that the slick decor in this 70-year old bar is nearly all original. In Milwaukee retro isn't set-dressing, it's the real deal.
Leon's drive-in. Photograph: Ellie Watts-Russell
On the south side of the city, Leon's Frozen Custard (leonsfrozencustard.us) is a neon and chrome drive in which has been serving the state's famous frozen snack since 1942. Supposedly the inspiration for Arnold's diner in Happy Days (the cult 70s comedy was set in Milwaukee) servers still wearing paper hats and white aprons take orders for malt shakes or cherry loaded sundaes.
A few blocks North on Lincoln Avenue, hidden beneath Gene and Marcy's Holler House (2042 West Lincoln Ave), you'll find the country's oldest bowling alley, two narrow dusty lanes where pin boys are employed to reset your game by hand. Marcy Skowronski, the elderly proprietor, shouts at a baseball game on the television and explains that the tavern's name came from punters having to holler over the blast of the jukebox. Bras left by previous visitors dangle from the ceiling, a tradition that not all first time drinkers may want to take part in. Skowronski shrugs as we leave and turns to watch their game again: "Give it a couple of drinks, it'll be hanging."
I hold onto my underwear and head to the Walker's Point district where visitors seeking a vintage memento to take home will find warehouses like Dime A Dance (1134 South 1st Street) or Clinton Street Antiques (clintonstreetantiques.com) jammed with quirky knickknacks, like tobacco tins and 50s clothes at half the price of their Chicago equivalents.
Old-fashioned charm it might have, but Milwaukee is by no means trapped in a time warp. The industrially chic Iron Horse Hotel (theironhorsehotel.com) is a former bedding factory transformed into a biker-friendly boutique stopover. From the lofty rooms of the dark cubed building you see across the river to the legendary Harley-Davidson museum (harley-davidson.com), which is well worth a visit even if you're not a hog.
However you have to head closer to the water to find the city's most electrifying building, the Milwaukee Arts Museum (mam.org), designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava. With vast retractable wings the main pavilion gives the impression of a seabird landing on Lake Michigan. At night the white feathers draw in as the gallery is put to bed. This mesmerising building alone is worth a trip to, but it also houses some of the country's most interesting collections of post-1960 artwork (Homer, Picasso, Miro, Warhol) as well as consistently dynamic temporary exhibitions.
The city is dotted with small galleries like the minimalist Green Gallery (thegreengallery.biz) or Jackpot (825 East Center St) in the edgy River West area. Across the road you'll find River West Film and Video (riverwestfilm.myshopify.com), a DVD shop which doesn't just rent out abstract films but pieces of contemporary art as well. Pick a piece from their menu and take home a canvas for just one night or on a monthly plan.
Sky High Skateboard shop. Photograph: Ellie Watts-Russell
Further south in the Bay View neighbourhood a pack of boarders slams tricks along the curb while they wait for Sky High (skyhighskateboardshop.com) to open, an innovative skater shop which has converted its stockroom into a rotating exhibition space for emerging artists. Drew, an assistant wearing taped up spectacles, explains that Milwaukee has a strong entrepreneurial streak, a knack for turning old into new. "We realise what we have is good," they say, "then we work out how to make it more fun."
Nowhere is this statement more applicable than at Honeypie bakery and cafe (honeypiecafe.com), a modern midwestern inspired eatery where our bloody mary comes garnished with hand pickled veg and local salami. Behind the counter tattooed servers deliver plates of meatloaf or biscuits drizzled with gravy, all with a fresh spin. Like the Wisconsin grass-fed beef they use in their burgers, most of their ingredients are sourced locally, and the downy white, pillow like rows of cream pies behind the counter are all made on site.
Honeypie's sister venture, Comet Café (thecometcafe.com), has brunch hunters queuing around the block on weekends, as well as a staggering range of Milwaukee's home-grown brews. (They hold a monthly beer school to help novices slurp their way through the list). Watching the head settle on a local Sprecher stout that tastes as smooth as caramel chocolate, we're reminded that Milwaukee was a city built on beer. Home to some of America's most famous brewing empires (Miller, Pabst, Schlitz) it now has a thriving industry of boutique breweries. Hop-heads shouldn't miss the comic and boozy tour from Lakefront Brewery (lakefrontbrewery.com).
As we zigzag our way to our final destination, the Cactus Club (cactusclubmilwaukee.com), a pocket sized music venue, fireworks fizz overhead from a local block party. During the summer there's outdoor festivities most weekends in Milwaukee, from Rockerbox (a celebration of vintage bikes) to Brewfest (a gathering of craft brewers) as well as supposedly the world's largest music event, Summerfest. This epic 11-day, 11-stage affair hosts 700 bands with headliners who have included The Flaming Lips, Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton and NERD.
Inside the more intimate Cactus Club a 19-year-old drummer from Nashville thrashes hypnotically behind a soundproof door. We grab a nightcap and join the toe tapping musos in the back room. "This is a song about growing up in Wisconsin," the next band announces. As a female keyboardist in a vintage frock sways and hums into their mike it occurs to me that if Chicago and Milwaukee really are related, then she's the hip younger sister you secretly want to hang out with.
• Amtrak's (amtrak.com) Hiawatha service runs 14 trains daily between Chicago and Milwaukee. The 90-minute trip costs $23 each way. The Iron Horse Hotel (theironhorsehotel.com) has doubles from $219 per night
They call Xbox One the all-in-one entertainment system, but that can't possibly be true, right? In an age where there's a gadget to cover any human need – you can get a trouser belt that tells you when you're getting fat – the idea of a machine that condenses ‘all' needs into a single box would be a godsend. I raise this point to the team and am soon challenged to live an entire month on Xbox One. No phone. No PC. I'm not even meant to leave my home. Can a human possibly survive on Xbox alone?
Day 1: I survey the options available to me. I have a Domino's Pizza app to keep me fed. I have Xbox Fitness to keep me in peak physical condition without having to set foot near a gym. As for entertainment – ha! This is the Xbox One, the unstoppable media machine that has access to games, movies and TV shows. I'll be amazed if I ever feel boredom again. This month trapped indoors is going to be the best experience of my life.
Day 2: You don't become the healthiest member of Team OXM by just idly watching the editors drink gravy all day. I plan to keep my health on the level by using Xbox Fitness. It's the app icon with the unsmiling goateed man staring at you. I try not to get too intimidated and open it.
Mr Goatee McNosmiles is just the start, as even the names of these workouts are intimidating. Extreme Combat. Knockout Body. One is just called Insanity. Even calm, lovely yoga has been pumped with adrenaline, here called Yoga Inferno. I try a six-minute workout that gives me a taste of everything. A one-star taste, as that's what I score in all disciplines from combat to jumping jacks. Well, except the Disco Warmup, where I nail a five-star ranking. I was born to dance. After six minutes, I'm told I've burned a whopping 39 calories. Result.
Day 3: With those 39 calories in my pocket and house supplies running out, I start to plan my weekly shop. I open the Domino's Pizza app, put in my postcode, then peruse a wall of meat 'n' sauce discs – it's like food Netflix. I also buy ice cream (breakfast) to go with the pizzas (lunch, dinner, brunch, snacktime, second breakfast) and several bottles of cola (mouthwash).
Several doctors/my mum warn me this is not sensible for my health, but they're just jealous of my delicious new life. With Xbox Fitness on my side, if anything, I am going to lose weight. I make sure to wash my clothes at higher heats so they shrink to fit my rake-thin frame. Good to be prepared.
Day 4: After a few days, I start to crave the great outdoors. The GoPro Channel is a collection of video clips, shot using head-mounted cams, that cover everything from extreme snowboarding to extreme watching-a-cat-ride-a-skateboard. Stand close to the TV and it feels like you're really there. Suddenly I'm surfing in Hawaii, driving a Formula 1 car and running alongside the beasts of the jungle. Why did I bother to leave the house before this challenge?
Day 5: Work beckons. Using Skype, I conference call in with my editors for our issue planning meeting. I explain that since I'm stuck at home, I probably shouldn't do any writing this issue. They strongly – some might say violently – disagree. So I pretend I can't hear them by making crackling noises with my mouth and claim they are breaking up. They remind me that Skype is a video call, and a startlingly clear one at that. Kinect has stitched me right up.
Eventually I start pitching some brilliant features (‘Is Xbox One more fun on a luxury cruise? We sent Tom to find out!') but a few minutes into explaining why they should pay for first class and let me be ship's captain, something feels off. Squinting at the screen, I realise they've snuck off to play Gears 4. One of the benefits of living on Xbox One is that you can stalk your bosses through the friend list. I send a message to complain. They change their privacy settings.
Day 8: I'm starting to wonder if my all-pizza diet is such a good idea. Xbox Fitness can monitor your heartbeat. I no longer have one. That doesn't sound healthy. With three weeks still to go, it's time to explore other culinary options. Exploring the app store, I discover that the supermarket Sainsbury's have an app, Sainsbury's Entertainment. My stomach is literally screaming with joy.
Oddly, the homepage for Sainsbury's Entertainment just has movies and TV shows, so I use the search bar and type in ‘food'. The only result is a 1992 movie called Gas Food Lodging. Desperate for grub, I pay up and download it. I'm about 90 minutes through the movie when I start to suspect this isn't going to help me get any food. At least the story of two sisters growing up in small town America has warmed my heart. Although, that warm heart could be another symptom of eating nothing but pizza for a week.
Day 9: Obviously I have millions of friends. Unfortunately, none of my (definitely real) friends are on Xbox One. If I have any hope of someone sending me non-pizza food, I need new friends, fast. I download Overdog, an app with an idea as nice as its name is horrible. You create a profile, adding the games you play and films you like. Then Overdog matches you up with people who share similar interests. Games are a touchy subject for me right now, considering that my lack of submitted work this month could have me fired from OXM any day. So I add Gas Film Lodging, the only film I've ever seen.
I don't find anyone else who shares my love of the 1992 coming-of-age drama. Pfft, who needs friends anyway, when you've got boxes of stale pizza and a review deadline that's impossible to meet? Help.
Day 10: I decide to be more proactive in my hunt for friends and go to a place famed for its hospitality, Call of Duty: Black Ops III. I soon team up with a band of murderous Spanish players, but they don't speak enough English to understand my pleas for food over Xbox Live. Luckily, there's an app for that. Rosetta Stone is a language-learning app that would have me speaking Spanish in no time. I don't need to be fluent. I just want to learn the words for ‘hello', ‘friend' and ‘Tom is starving to death, please send delicious ham'.
I start on a static picture of an airport, full of people and objects that can be interacted with. Selecting an object lets me hear the word for it in Spanish. I select a pair of jeans lying on the ground outside an airport (apparently public nudity isn't as big a deal in Spain), and learn ‘los jeans'. After pressing repeat translation (los jeans) a few thousand times to sink it in, I realised this wasn't going to help me ask for food. Te maldigo los jeans!
I select a cartoon of a person, and they leave their animated realm, terrifyingly transforming into a flesh-and-blood human. They start talking to me and then give a selection of words and letters to build a response from. It gives you a ridiculously limited phrasebook (a lot of the learning is through trial and error), and helps you by making these Spaniards the most patient people in the world, grinning happily at me for multiple hours as I try to remember ‘take me to the hotel'. It's a great app, one that soon teaches me ‘la comida' – food! Armed with two Spanish words, I close the app, proud of five days well spent.
I just don't get it. I send my Spanish friends at least 60 messages begging ‘la comida'. But instead of receiving any food, I receive a warning from Xbox Live and my so-called ‘friends' block me. My stomach howls with despair. Te maldigo Rosetta Stone.
Day 11: Desperate times call for desperate measures. I download the Twitch app, and try to hijack a conversation in a chatroom to see if I can get someone to send me some food:
HungryTom: Hey guys!
Spongebob59: sup
DunkmeisterMaseeve: Whatever
HungryTom: Could anyone send me some food?
Spongebob59: wot
DunkmeisterMaseeve: ???
HungryTom: You know, since I can't leave the house. Gee, sure does suck being trapped inside! Amirite?
Spongebob59: trapped?
Dunkmeister: !!!
HungryTom: You know. Not being allowed to go out, having to live through the Xbox, running out of food, wishing you'd paid the water bill before taking on this challenge.
Spongebob59: is someone imprisoning you?
Dunkmeister: I'm calling the police.
That could've gone better. Good thing this ridiculous challenge is only until the end of the month, because I might need to be in court soon for wasting police time.
Day 12: Without access to my computer, I haven't submitted any writing to the mag. My only hope is somehow getting my Dark Souls III review through the Xbox and into the office. My solution lies in the game – you can leave notes for other heroes online, warning of dangers ahead. All I have to do is leave 1,500 words worth of notes. Job done.
I now go into the Dark Souls III game hub and browse my shares and captures. Then I select Share and upload my beautiful creations to Twitter, making sure to tag my boss in every tweet. Unfortunately, the limited amount of words allowed in Dark Souls III's notes makes my review tricky. I have to take out my descriptions of the combat, graphics, level design, gameplay, whether it was worth playing and what the game was called. Apart from that, though, I think the review went pretty well.
Day 16: Time to treat myself to some R&R. Between Amazon Video, Netflix and Now TV, I am spoilt for choice for streaming services on Xbox One. At least I would be, had I not blown all my streaming budget on pizza. Luckily there is one streaming service that is completely free. You don't even need to sign up. So what's the catch, Popcornflix?
There is no catch, so long as you have no taste. Popcornflix has a wide library of movies I'd never heard of, with titles including Who's Your Monkey, Sherlock Bones: Ace Detective (about a detective that's also a dog), Santa with Muscles, Dusting Cliff 7, The Prince of Kissing and Yonkers Joe. How can a movie called Yonkers Joe not be brilliant? That's what they should've called Citizen Kane.
Day 18: Having confirmed that cinema is dead, I start my next fool-proof scheme to get food. Back to Xbox Live, this time with a more communal experience. Rainbow Six Siege is an excellent game about saving a hostage who's been trapped in a building by a maniac. It's relatable too. It relies on good communication and listening to your team-mates, which is why I use my headset to beg my fellow counter-terrorists for grub.
After I get us murdered for the 14th time, I ask my team-mates to mail me food. In exchange, I promise not to play Rainbow Six Siege again. They refuse on the grounds that parcels are expensive to post. I suggest they find foods that would comfortably fit inside a cheap envelope. How about ham or lasagne sheets? With just ten days left, I could easily ration these treasures. Sadly, no one bites – least of all me.
Day 21: My stomach skips a beat (my heart is long out of the picture) when I see an app called Crunchyroll. Crunchy rolls! Finally I'd be free of pizza. But it turns out that Crunchyroll is actually a streaming app for anime and Japanese television. It has a vast library you can watch for free, so long as you don't mind putting up with odd ads.
One second I'm being advertised a show about flying schoolgirls, then one with glamorous shots of food. Okay, I used to enjoy food, I'm sort of getting into the groove with this and – oh lord, why is no one wearing clothes now? Anime's confusing at the best of times, so watching quick-cut trailers for multiple shows is like being beaten to death by a screaming rainbow.
I also discover my new favourite drama, Mr Nietzsche in the Convenience Store. It's about a man dubbed Mr Nietzsche, who works in a... Look, it's too complicated to sum up here. Just download Crunchyroll and watch it yourself. You won't be disappointed. Unless you were counting on the app to deliver food as much as I was.
Day 23: The boss messages me constructive feedback of my Dark Souls III review: “Redo it or you're fired.” I'm all out of options, so it is clearly time to look for a new career. I decide to enrol at the Khan Academy. This app has lots of educational (boo!) and free (yay!) programmes designed to teach you maths, chemistry and how your body works.
After two weeks of pizza, I think it might be useful to swot up on health and medicine to see if I am going to die. Alas, learning about viruses and disease makes me terrified of germs and I turn into a paranoid wreck and refuse to leave the house. I receive an angry message from the boss reminding me I'm not allowed to leave anyway. Phew!
Day 25: Having expelled myself from the Khan Academy, I start formulating a new scheme. I decide to once again enroll in Rosetta Stone. Surely if I learn a foreign tongue I could apply to work for OXM's Brazilian edition, Revista Oficial Xbox. It'd be tough to adjust to decent weather and new colleagues, but at least I wouldn't look like a terrifying ghost boy in my next photoshoot.
Day 30: With one day to go until my release, I decide to finally try out the on-console web browser Microsoft Edge. You can't eat edges, so I hadn't felt compelled to try it out before. It is something of a revelation. It works with my Outlook account, which, paired with a Chatpad or SmartGlass add-on, lets me type my 1,500 words into Word Online and zap them to my editor. That's one crisis averted.
It also means I can buy actual food, using online deliveries, and hop on to IMDB to see if Santa with Muscles was a real film or just a pepperoni-induced fever dream. Shame I discovered this so late in the challenge, but at least my job is secure and I don't die of starvation. That's a double win. Is it a sound replacement for a traditional PC or tablet? I wouldn't recommend throwing those away just yet. But you might be surprised by how versatile that browser is. Turns out Microsoft know a thing or two about these things.
Day 31: I emerge, blinking, into the light. A whole month survived on pizza, Xbox and no physical human contact. I do not recommend you follow in my footsteps, but do dig a little deeper into the box on the TV. It might not be a replacement for every gadget, but you'll be surprised by what it can handle.
This article originally appeared in Xbox: The Official Magazine. For more great Xbox coverage, you can subscribe here.
*** "Congratulations to Max who's mom has purchased them a spot in the Rescue Me Calendar 2018" ***
As a new option for the photo contest this year, we are reserving 3 coveted spots in each calendar, which can be purchased outright for $200. The calendar will comprise 10 contest winning entries and these 3 purchased spots. If any remain unclaimed at the close of the contest, the spaces will be filled with next highest in the contest voting. Just like the winners of the photo contest, those who prefer to purchase a guaranteed spot will have a photo shoot with our amazing photographer Sara Benedet of Paws Button Photography at an indoor location in central Ottawa. Full-sized, professionally photographed pictures of beloved companions animals will be featured in the calendars for each month of the year and every month will be themed related.
To purchase a spot outright, please email rescue.me.calendar@outlook.com
With the purchase of a monthly spot, you will also receive edited digital copies of pictures from the photo shoot, a 2018 calendar, and endless bragging rights of your cherished furbaby in the Rescue Me calendar.
Your entries and votes in Ottawa Stray Cat Rescue's "Rescue Me 2018” Photo Calendar Contest for 2018 supports OSCatR's work getting adoptable stray cats off the streets and into homes, and the organization's commitment to helping manage feral colonies in the Ottawa Region through its Trap, Neuter, and Return program.
At any given time, OSCatR has between 50 and 100 cats available for adoption. These, along with the feral community cats, are spayed or neutered, given veterinary care, vaccinations and microchipping, all though the generosity of supporters. As a full volunteer run organization, 100 percent of donations received go directly to caring for these innocent felines.
Cast your vote and know you are doing something to help a cat in the process.
Those who donate $25.00 or more in votes will receive a free calendar.
**Please check out our collaborative partner, Freedom Dog Rescue photo contest.**
Prizes
1st Place:
The photo receiving the most votes will be awarded the coveted “Rescue Me 2018” “Calendar “Cover” spot one photo shoot with Paws Button Photography and one free Rescue Me 2018 calendar.
2nd-13th Place:
Each of these winners will appear as a photo on one of the twelve months and photo shoot with Paws Button Photography including a free Rescue Me 2018 calendar. (Rescue Me 2018 reserves the right to select which photo appears in a specific month.)
Everyone:
**Every photo that is entered to the contest (that meets the requirements) may be included in the calendar**.
Author Bio: Patrick O'Brian
Patrick O'Brian (1914–2000), a translator and author of biographies, was best known as the author of the highly acclaimed Aubrey–Maturin series of historical novels. Set in the Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars ,this twenty-volume series centers on the enduring friendship between naval officer Jack Aubrey and physician and spy Stephen Maturin. The Far Side of the World, the tenth book in the series, was adapted into a 2003 film directed by Peter Weir and starring Russell Crowe and Paul Bettany. The film was nominated for ten Oscars, including Best Picture. They wrote acclaimed biographies of Pablo Picasso and Sir Joseph Banks. They also translated many works from the French, among them the novels and memoirs of Simone de Beauvoir and Jean Lacouture's biographies of Charles de Gaulle.
Scientists at the Johns Hopkins Medical School and the University of Nebraska have discovered an algae virus that makes us more stupid by infecting our brains.
The researchers were conducting a completely unrelated study into throat microbes when they realised that DNA in the throats of healthy people matched the DNA of a chlorovirus virus known as ATCV-1.
ATCV-1 is a virus that infects the green algae found in freshwater lakes and ponds. It had previously been thought to be non-infectious to humans, but the scientists found that it actually affects cognitive functions in the brain by shortening attention span and causing a decrease in spatial awareness.
For the first time ever, the researchers proved that microorganisms have the ability to trigger delicate physiological changes to the human body, without launching a full-blown attack on the human immune system.
However, the scientists do not yet know how ATCV-1 infects a human host and it's not as simple as just going swimming in a lake or pond, so there's no need to stop doing that yet.
Both humans and mice susceptible to virus
The study, entitled "Chlorovirus ATCV-1 is part of the human oropharyngeal virome and is associated with changes in cognitive functions in humans and mice" is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) journal.
The researchers analysed the throats of 92 healthy study participants and discovered the presence of ATCV-1 in 44% of them.
When they conducted tests designed to measure the brain's accuracy and speed in visual processing, as well as tests measuring attention span, the participants that tested positive for ATCV-1 achieved an average of 7-9 points lower on the tests than the participants who did not have the virus in their throats.
The researchers then studied how ATCV-1 affected mice by injecting the virus into their digestive tracts.
They then put the mice into a maze, where the animals infected by the virus had a more difficult time finding their way round and were less likely to pay attention to a new object or notice a new entry that had been previously inaccessible.
ATCV-1 was able to get into the hippocampus pathways of the mice and alter the expression of genes relating to memory formation, learning and synaptic plasticity (an important foundation of learning and memory), as well as how the immune systems of the mice responded to being exposed to the virus.
A different way to look at infectious agents
"This is a striking example showing that the 'innocuous' microorganisms we carry can affect behaviour and cognition," said lead investigator Dr Robert Yolken, a virologist and pediatric infectious disease specialist at the Johns Hopkins Children's Center and director of the Stanley Neurovirology Laboratory at Johns Hopkins.
"Many physiological differences between person A and person B are encoded in the set of genes each inherits from parents, yet some of these differences are fuelled by the various microorganisms we harbour and the way they interact with our genes."
The researchers' findings are a clear example that microorganisms have a greater influence on the human body than previously released, and further research into altering microbiomes, i.e. the balance of viruses and bacteria in the body, could one day help doctors to improve people's cognition skills.
"We're really just starting to find out what some of these agents that we're carrying around might actually do," Yolken told Healthline.
"It's the beginning, I think, of another way of looking at infectious agents — not agents that come in and do a lot of damage and then leave, like Ebola virus or influenza virus."
Thy Sword is a hack n' slash platformer with roguelike elements. It draws inspiration from Conan the Barbarian and great games like Barbarian, Golden Axe and Moonstone. Procedural levels and lots of sword & sorcery action. Unlockable content, Bosses, Loot and much more!
Play the game in single player or co-op mode, or engage in player vs. player combat.
The Story
"This is the land of Nhaastans.
You, bold adventurer, must break the tyranny of the Dark Overlord.
Your quest will be to obtain the ancient crystals of power
with which to overcome the Dark Overlord's rule.
Can you be that hero?
Can you fulfil the destiny of greatness and bring deliverance
to these shadowed lands? The answer lies in your heart
...and Thy Sword!"
-An action rpg platformer
-Single player or co-op mode
-Player vs. player combat
-Procedurally generated levels
-Environments like forests, mountains and caves
-Different weapons and items, spells and enchantments
-Many types of challenging enemies and bosses
-Steam achievements and unlockable content
-Beautiful pixel art & animation
-Chip music created using the legendary SID (Commodore 64)
-Loot!
You can choose your player character. You will be able to unlock more characters in the game.
Swordplay
Archery
Magic
In the lands of Nhaastans you will encounter characters that will aid you in your quest.
THE WANDERER bestows upon you rumours, advice and lore of the land.
"Many travellers seek gold and fortunes. Let me ask you, hero, what would you spend your gold on if you found
riches beyond your dreams?"
THE CLERIC deals in magic potions and arcane wisdom?"
"For a mere sum of 20 gold, I can heal you of your wounds. Do you wish this favour?"
THE MERCHANT offers useful equipment and weaponry.
"Hello adventurer! Do any of these fine items interest you?"
THE GAMBLERS. A visit to their camp can double your gold or empty your purse.
"Greetings mysterious one, do you wish to try your luck in the card game Hazard"
Showcased at:
Vaasa Game Days in Vaasa, Finland
White Nights in Helsinki, Finland
Gamedev Days 2016 in Tallinn, Estonia
Thy Sword Devlog
Sincerely,
GamePhase
About the developers
We are a three-man operation and are all passionate about retro gaming, specifically 8-bit and 16-bit systems.
Follow us on
Twitter @gamephasenet
Facebook
gamephase.net
I didn't think anything could get happier than the fun-loving dance party of a video for Pharrell Williams ' hit song "Happy." With cameos from the likes of Magic Johnson, Jimmy Kimmel, Steve Carell, and even the "Despicable Me" Minions, it seemed that "Happy" had happiness all wrapped up.
But "Happy" just got a whole lot happier, with this interpretation from a team of deaf campers and counselors at Deaf Film Camp at Camp Mark Seven. The sign language interpretation of Pharrell's Happy is beyond words — and I guess that's kind of the point.
Enough said.
Enjoy.
Related posts on MNN:
Pharrell's 'Happy' is even happier in sign language
This sign language interpretation of Pharrell Williams' hit song "Happy" will have you clapping your hands and jumping out of your seat.
In case the first week of the White House of President Donald Trump hadn't scared you enough, alt.right news service Breitbart executive chair and now Senior Counselor to the President Steve Bannon has managed to insert themselves into the United States' National Security Council.
By order of a memo signed with President Trump's custom-built minipen, Bannon has been added to the National Security Council's (NSC's) Principals Committee. The appointment means that Bannon, a political advisor, has a seat at the table equal to the Secretaries of Defence, Homeland Security, and the Secretary of State. Political operatives are usually not members of the Council.
To make room for the controversial alt.right figure valuable addition to America's defences, President Trump has taken away the permanent seats on the NSC previously allocated to the Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Also shunned are the Secretary of Energy, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
The Department of Energy is responsible for America's nuclear arsenal.
The Deputy Director of State will no longer be present at all meetings of the NSC; instead, the Office of Management and Budget gets to attend.
From the order, with our emphasis added:
“The PC shall have as its regular attendees the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Defense, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff, the Assistant to the President and Chief Strategist, the National Security Advisor, and the Homeland Security Advisor. The Director of National Intelligence and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall attend where issues pertaining to their responsibilities and expertise are to be discussed. The Counsel to the President, the Deputy Counsel to the President for National Security Affairs, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget may attend all PC meetings."
Twitter account PwnAllTheThings, run by computer security expert Matt Tait, posted this summary of the changes:
And the differences. Reds are deletions. Greens are additions. pic.twitter.com/uf8frXH8vg — Pwn All The Things (@pwnallthethings) January 29, 2017
However, the same account also noted that the Secretary of Energy's role is statutory, not in the gift of the presidency, and might therefore be reversed.
FWIW, I think the removal of the Secretary of Energy from the list is an unintentional error. He's a statutory member of NSC. — Pwn All The Things (@pwnallthethings) January 29, 2017
Several sources that aren't Wikipedia agree. For example, the Federation of American Scientists (PDF here) notes that the Secretary of Energy's statutory membership began in 2007; Cornell's Legal Information Institute has the text of US Code § 3021 here.
The first meeting of the NSC will, we're sure, be an exciting affair. Amid the chaos and criticism of President Trump's Muslim travel bans, CNN reports that the Department of Homeland Security's advice that it should not apply to Green Card holders was overruled - by Bannon and another member of Trump's inner circle, Stephen Miller. ®
VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) — A spy satellite for the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office has been launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
A United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket carrying the classified NROL-42 satellite lifted off at 10:49 p.m. PDT Saturday. All systems were going well when the launch webcast concluded about three minutes into the flight.
The launch was expected to be visible across a wide area of California, weather permitting.
National Reconnaissance Office satellites gather intelligence information for U.S. national security and an array of other purposes including assessing impacts of natural disasters.
U.S. officials have not revealed what the spacecraft will be doing or what its orbit will be.
United Launch Alliance is a joint venture of Lockheed Martin and Boeing.
André Villas-Boas says that they want Tottenham Hotspur to appoint a technical director in order to make them bigger players on the transfer market. The Roma general manager Franco Baldini, who previously held a similar post alongside Fabio Capello in the England setup, is the favourite for the job.
The Tottenham chairperson Daniel Levy is an advocate of the two-tier continental-type structure, which can aid the continuity of player recruitment and, having inherited David Pleat as the director of football upon their arrival at the club in 2001, they went on to employ Frank Arnesen and Damien Comolli as the sporting director.
The results were mixed but Villas-Boas says that it would benefit them to work with such a figure, particularly one with the "experience of dressing rooms" rather than, for example, a boardroom executive. They worked productively with Antero Henrique at Porto.
Villas-Boas refused to say whether Baldini might be appointed at Tottenham, where Levy has not replaced the former chief scout, Ian Broomfield, who was central to player recruitment. Broomfield left to join Harry Redknapp at Queens Park Rangers. Levy sacked Redknapp as Tottenham's manager last summer.
"The chairperson and I have been outlining the route ahead for what we want to do in terms of the club structures and, hopefully, the arrival of somebody else in the structure for the recruitment side – a technical director," Villas-Boas said. "Hopefully we can take those steps forward. It's not up to me to confirm anything.
"The most important thing is the relationship between the person that bridges the gap between manager and board, and that they are able to be focused on the technical side of things. [It should be] someone who has experience of dressing rooms, represents the club, and is able to link up with players and agents."
Villas-Boas made it clear that they were fully supportive of the appointment, and they suggested that they might be more comfortable purely as coach, who could concentrate on work on the training pitch.
"I think of a more European style of structure, of a head coach and then the functions of a manager will be handed up to a different person," Villas-Boas said. "It's something that works. Since the first day, I told the club that it's somebody who is extremely important."
Tottenham is notorious for leaving some of their transfer deals to the last moment, and the overlap between the start of the season and the closure of the summer window has, on occasion, been unsettling. "Ideally when you set up for the first game of the season ... to have put the team to bed would be the ideal situation," Villas-Boas said.
Tottenham will pursue "quality" additions regardless of whether they qualify for the Champions League and Villas-Boas had praise for the Barcelona striker David Villa, with whom they have been linked. "I tried to move them to Chelsea [last season]," they said. "He's a world-renowned striker," they said.
Sherri Tenpenny: Sydney venue cancels seminar of US anti-vaccination campaigner
Updated
Pressure is mounting against a planned speaking tour by American anti-vaccination campaigner Sherri Tenpenny, with at least one venue now cancelling a seminar.
Dr Tenpenny, an osteopath who believes vaccines cause autism, asthma, ADHD and auto-immune disorders, is planning a series of lectures against vaccination in March aimed at parents of babies.
But they have been criticised by the Stop The Australian Anti-Vaccination Network for "endangering people's health" and "targeting vulnerable parents".
Kareela Golf and Social Club in Sydney has cancelled a seminar, while a group of doctors cancelled their own workshop at a Melbourne venue, angry the place had also booked Dr Tenpenny next month.
General manager of the Kareela club, Dennis Skinner, said the venue did not want to be associated with such a controversial subject matter.
"The club as a venue, we don't have a position for or against this, we just decided the subject matter was too controversial for us to be involved in," they said.
An organiser of the tour, Stephanie Messenger, said those opposing the series of talks were trying to hide things from the public.
"They say they want parents to make an informed choice, but you can't do that if you don't have all the information. So they are trying to suppress the information," they said.
A pro-vaccination group has asked Immigration Minister Peter Dutton to deny the anti-vaccination campaigner a visa to speak in Australia.
Thousands of Australians have now signed a petition lobbying Canberra to deny the visa.
Ms Messenger said cancelling the visa would set a worrying precedent.
"It would set the precedent that they can just cancel visas for anyone who hasn't done anything wrong," they said.
"All of Dr Tenpenny's information is referenced by medical and scientific papers ... so I don't know what they're trying to stop the people from seeing."
Mr Dutton is yet to respond.
"The Minister is taking advice on this matter and will make further comment when appropriate," a spokesperson said.
Tenpenny 'peddling a belief disguised as medical advice'
Mr Skinner said there was no indication it was an anti-vaccination booking when it was made.
"You know it was booked as a health and wellbeing seminar for a 'get rid of SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome)' project," they said.
"It did take two or three phone calls to get through to the organisation to cancel the booking and they did say that they had made our function department fully aware of whom the guest speakers were, however we have had a change of personnel so I can't confirm or deny that."
Dr Tenpenny's supporters have posted messages on Facebook, urging them to "stay strong" and that "many kids will thank them one day".
"It's very unfortunate that they caved into this sort of pressure, but it's understandable ... it's unfortunate because when they do this sort of thing they allow people who want to suppress free speech to get their way," said Ms Messenger.
Stop The Australian Anti-Vaccination Network member Dave Hawkes said they helped start the petition calling on Mr Dutton to deny Dr Tenpenny a visa.
"Sherri Tenpenny has a belief that vaccines are bad and they will twist any bit of information to suit their own needs and beliefs," they said.
"She's peddling a belief and disguising it as essentially medical advice."
Topics: vaccines-and-immunity, health, child-health-and-behaviour, family-and-children, children, diseases-and-disorders, government-and-politics, immigration, australia
First posted
Smiling and tanned, Ivan Rakitic talks about playing for FC Barcelona, being thankful to Sevilla and running more for the benefit of the team.
How do you maintain the hunger for titles after winning the treble?
It's very easy. The life of a football player is very short. If you don't take advantage of it now, time goes by very fast and later you won't have the opportunity to win trophies. Every title nudges you even more. And besides that, in a short time we will play 2 Supercups and at the end of the year we have the Club World Cup. It's the greatest thing, it's what we fight for and we accept the sacrifice of spending less time with our families.
Does the sextuple amaze you?
No, but it's something that gives you a certain respect because until now just a few of my teammates have managed to win it. Before that no one was able to. We don't feel any pressure, but we know that it's going to be very hard because the rest of the teams will also prepare very well. We can't wait for the days in which we will fight for the titles.
Barça's first rival will be “your” Sevilla.
It's as good as it gets. I think that Sevilla have strengthened their squad very well, it's going to be very complicated. We know each other well. I know that Unai [Emery] will prepare the game very well. I'm sure that they want to change the outcome from last season's European Supercup. We will be prepared, let's see if we can win the first title of the season.
Is playing against Sevilla a bittersweet dream?
I can't say that it's bitter because we're playing for a trophy, I know where I am and I will give my all for Barcelona. But if we weren't the ones playing it I would have liked it if Sevilla had won, I hope they win the titles that we're not fighting for. Now I'm going to fight for everything, including the Supercup.
After that, I will wish Sevilla all the best. Everyone knows the love I have for the city and for the club, but in this game we have to look after our own interests.
What will be harder: playing the game or coming home after it?
They're kind of similar (laughs). My wife's family is very sevillista, but above everything they're Ivan Rakitic fans. That's the most important thing. They're always supporting me.
What's the secret to Sevilla's success?
The way the club works, the way Monchi works, which is impressive. Luck plays a part in it, but the success of the players they buy is Monchi's merit. I would like to congratulate them on their renewal. Everything they are doing is unique. And the way they experience everything. They don't work for the club, he's another Sevilla fan that lives for the club every hour of the day.
Lately it seems like Barça's squad gets more players from Sevilla than from La Masia.
Every player that comes from Sevilla develops a bit there. Our first steps are at that club and I will always be grateful for that. I never thought that my transfer from Schalke to Sevilla will be so important for my career and my personal life. They bring in young players with potential and then they sell them very well.
Is the Supercup, for the moment of the season in which it's scheduled, one of the few games in which Barça can be stopped?
We will have to play a perfect game. They've been training for a longer time and I'm sure that they'll be at 100%, but we will be playing for a trophy and there will be no excuses or preseasons that will matter.
But you have important players that will start training very late.
It doesn't matter if someone comes later. We have to be prepared because Sevilla will not forgive anything.
Finish this phrase: Decisive penalty against Sevilla, Rakitic goes for it and…
I always want to have responsibility in my team and I'm very excited about playing the Supercup. Last year I couldn't play it with Sevilla against Madrid and now I will and I want to win. I hope Sevilla will have another chance.
You didn't finish the phrase…
They shoot, they scores and Barça wins the Supercup. I will finish the game with my heart divided, but I also have Barça's significance inside of me. I know the importance that this has for the fans and I want to fight for the club in which I am. If I could I divided my heart in two, but I can't.
You experienced the Sevillan derbys. The Clásico must feel so light in comparison.
Nothing to do with one another. I want to congratulate Betis for their return to La Liga. I think it's very important, not just for the city but for Spanish football in general. What I experienced in those games is totally different. The Sevillan derby is very special.
What do you think of everything that happened at Real Madrid after they won the Champions League?
I care more about what we are doing. I respect Madrid, but honestly I'm not worried about them and I don't think about them. The important thing I have to think of is me, my teammates and my club.
Is what happened to them after the Club World Cup is a warning for you?
Anything can happen in football. In three games everything can change, but we don't want to experience the bad times. We know that the rest of the teams will work very well and will be very strong. We have to be prepared because no one will give us any gifts.
Is winning at the Bernabéu another titles, the seventh?
If we win all of the titles and that game too, it would be nice. But if we win that game and we don't win any trophies it's worthless. I prefer to lose at the Bernabéu and win everything.
Madrid's bad period coincides with Modric's absence. Are they undervalued?
I don't know because I don't pay attention to what they do there, but Luka has a lot of quality and for Madrid it's important that they recover as soon as possible and that he's in their best form.  They are a great player and a great leader. I get along great with them and I wish them all the best, but… I want them to finish below us.
Is playing all the difficult away games in the first half of the season an added difficulty?
We will see. If we win them it will be ok, but it's clear that our schedule is pretty complicated, with a strong start. And on top of that the opponents will be extra motivated because we are the champions.
What are you most excited about this season?
Wearing the Barça shirt and the shield of the greatest team in the world. I feel very proud of that. Having the opportunity to win everything makes you happy. I wake up smiling every day, happy, I train happy… But in the end what matters is what happens on the pitch.
Is the good mood in the dressing room one of the secrets of the team's success?
It's very important. It's like it was at Sevilla, a big family. Same thing here. I don't know how it was before, but we're all very united and helping each other.
Is life with Messi easier?
Yes, honestly yes. Every team would like to have Leo, but luckily we have them and we will take care of them the best we can. They do things that no one else can. And if we can help them be even better then it's perfect.
Do you enjoy having Messi, Suárez and Neymar in front of you?
I enjoy it, yes. But many say that it's easy to play with them and it's not. I don't agree with that. They're players on a different level and if we play for them it's because they've earned that, but that doesn't make it easy. You have to get used to work for them. And if I have to run 5000 kilometers so that one of them has a great moment, then I will.
What do you think of what people talk about “Rakitic's Barça”?
Sometimes it's better to not think about it and keep doing what you're doing. I'm not here to talk, I'm here to play and work and do the best I can in trainings and show it to my coach. Of course, besides that I want to have my own way and contribute with my qualities.
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
Promised Land, Brown Eyed Women, It's All Over Now, Peggy-O, Cassidy, Dire Wolf, El Paso, Row Jimmy, Passenger, Candyman, The Music Never Stopped
Set 2
Jack Straw, Ship of Fools, Dancin' In The Streets-> Drums-> Franklin's Tower-> Black Peter-> Around & Around, E: U.S. Blues
Notes
Notes:
-- All disc changes are seamless
-- This transfer was done with much better gear than my previous transfer
-- Thanks to Bill Reutelhuber for their help with this project
-- Thanks to David Minches for the patch source
Identifier gd1978-04-10.sbd.miller.108665.flac16 Lineage Dat (Sony R500) -> Sound Devices 744T-> Samplitude Professional v11.1 -> FLAC Location Atlanta, GA Run time 178:34.07 Source SBD -> Master Reel -> PCM -> Dat (44.1k) Transferred by Charlie Miller Type sound Venue Fox Theater Year 1978
Iran started showing signs of flexibility in terms of its nuclear program as result of the US pressure on it, US Vice President Joe Biden claims.
MOSCOW, December 7 (Sputnik) – The US Vice President Joe Biden said the result of the US pressure on Iran was that Iran started showing signs of flexibility in terms of its nuclear program.
“Result of our determination has been that the Iranians have begun to show slow flexibility on some important issues,” Biden said on Saturday addressing the annual Saban Forum in Washington.
The US vice president added that the progress was not enough to reach a comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear program, but stressed it was enough to justify the extension of talks for seven additional months.
During the latest round of nuclear talks between Iran and the P5+1 Group in Vienna, the sides failed to reach a comprehensive deal before the self-imposed deadline of November 24, and agreed to continue negotiating until July 2015.
Tehran has faced several rounds of sanctions imposed by the UN Security Council, the European Union, the United States, and several other countries amid Iran's alleged development of nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian program. However, Iran has denied all these claims, saying the program has purely peaceful purposes and is meant to cover country's growing energy demand.
I like what a Twitter pal had to say about this: “You don't always need to play 3D chess when your opponent is playing checkers.”
For months, Cruz fans like me have wondered whether they might have beaten Trump if not for that dastardly Marco Rubio's presence in the race. Maybe it's time to revise that question. Would Trump have won if Ted Cruz hadn't run?
Indeed, at one crucial point, a rival campaign aided Trump's rise. After Trump's loss in the Iowa caucuses, Jeff Roe, campaign manager for Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas, called Lewandowski to warn them that polls they had done showed Trump's support dropping in the coming New Hampshire primary because Trump was attacking other candidates too much. Trump was not doing their own polls, Lewandowski said, so the insight provided key guidance which allowed them to recalibrate strategy. A loss in New Hampshire might have crippled Trump. Instead, their victory there, followed by triumphs in Nevada and South Carolina, virtually assured them the nomination. Roe, in an interview, confirmed Lewandowski's account. At that point in the campaign, “we needed Trump” to defeat other candidates, they said, ruefully.
“Other candidates” is code for “Marco Rubio.” Team Cruz was always more worried about Rubio, the guy who could win votes on the right and the center, than they were about Trump. Eventually, they thought, Trump would sabotage himself: He'd say something or do something that would shock Republican voters, forcing them to finally come to their senses and say, “no way, not this guy.” You could count on them to self-destruct or, in a worst-case scenario, to fade gradually as the field shrank and the lone remaining non-Trump contender consolidated all of the remaining anti-Trump votes among the base. Rubio might not self-destruct, though. They had to be destroyed. And step one to destroying them was blocking them in the early state they were most likely to win, New Hampshire. Cruz, a dogmatic conservative, was never going to win there — but Trump might. So Cruz and Jeff Roe made a Faustian bargain to try to stop Rubio by handing that internal polling to Trump. And … it worked, I guess. You stopped Rubio, Ted. Congratulations. As Ross Douthat likes to say, good ol' Ted Cruz always has a plan. Not a good plan, but a plan.
What's noteworthy about this story, apart from the sheer lengths to which Team Cruz was willing to go to try to help Trump, was how late in the cycle it happened. Cruz spent the second half of 2015 fulsomely buddying up to Trump, again on the assumption that Trump would melt down on their own initiative eventually. The friendlier Cruz behaved towards him, the more likely Trump's voters would be to migrate to Cruz, as the other populist in the field, once Trump was out. But that was over with after New Year's; with Iowa a month away and Trump still strong in the polls, Cruz realized they couldn't maintain the buddy-buddy act any longer. They had to start attacking. So they did, and they did it well enough to engineer a win in the Iowa caucuses despite Trump leading in most polls there before the big vote. And yet, despite having become keenly aware by that point of just how durable Trump's popularity was, and knowing the sort of momentum a win in New Hampshire would provide them with, Cruz still decided to tempt fate by handing over that internal polling in NH and helping Trump to victory there. They must have assumed, foolishly, that he'd win the showdown with Trump in evangelical-heavy South Carolina and that that would all but finish Trump off. That was Cruz's key strategic error, I think, believing that Christian conservatives would turn on Trump when forced to choose between them and Cruz. Makes me wonder what would have happened if Trump had beaten Cruz in Iowa to begin with. They would have gotten a bounce in New Hampshire from that, but they also presumably wouldn't have gotten that internal polling from Cruz that helped them change course. Maybe they would have run out of gas in New Hampshire and that in turn would have hurt their momentum before South Carolina.
They got some lucky breaks, helped along by their opponents' strategic idiocy and hubris. I don't mean to take anything away from their win in saying that; all winners get some breaks, and there's probably no other Republican who could have cracked Hillary's blue wall in the Rust Belt. But there were various points at which, if things had gone a little differently, the outcome on November 8th is in doubt. It starts with Cruz's “bromance” strategy with Trump last year. If they had attacked Trump from the start as the RINO to end all RINOs, would talk radio's posture towards Trump have been different? Would that have influenced how some grassroots Republicans viewed Trump? If Rubio hadn't had that brain fart onstage in New Hampshire in responding to Chris Christie, would they have continued to climb in the NH polls, either winning the state or finishing a strong enough second to overperform in South Carolina? If James Comey had read the statute on mishandling classified information the way it was written, would Hillary have been out of the race in July, replaced by a more populist Democrat like Bernie Sanders or Joe Biden? If Anthony Weiner hadn't been allegedly sexted with a teen, triggering a federal investigation of their computer, would Comey's late October letter about reopening the investigation into Clinton's emails have been issued? If Hillary and their team weren't such out-of-touch idiots, would they have spent a little more time protecting the Rust Belt states instead of trying to win Arizona? What if the “Access Hollywood” tape had emerged a week before the Iowa caucus, with New Hampshire set to vote soon after? What if the sexual-assault accusers had come forward a week before South Carolina went to the polls? It'll all make a fine Harry Turtledove novel someday.
Starting as a compact rectangle measuring just 13 square feet, the Matroshka all-in-one furniture set just continues to unfold, slide out and transform again and again until you think there can't possibly be another function hidden inside it. And yet, somehow, there is. Named for the Russian nesting dolls, this space-saving furniture set includes bookshelves, a double bed, a corner couch, a desk, a wardrobe, a dining table, four stools and additional storage.
The bed platform slides out from underneath the desk platform; take away a piece, and you've got the couch. A coffee table concealing four stools (with storage space inside, of course) also emerges from the bed platform, and rises to become a dining table. There's also storage hidden under the stairs.
The set incorporates virtually ever piece of furniture you need, even for entertaining guests, yet it could fit inside a fairly small room. There are enough seats for 12 people to sit around the table. This makes it an ideal choice for the micro apartments that are growing increasingly popular around the world.
The Matroshka started out as a prototype, and thanks to investors, it's now yours to own. Available from furniture dealers in Sweden and the UK, the Matroshka furniture set is made at a joinery workshop in Northern Sweden using birch plywood, oak veneer and Swedish woolen fabrics. It comes in your choice of left- or right-facing.
It wouldn't seem that this would be a calendar year the Heat would wish to extend, not in light of all its turbulence, from life-altering health issues to rotation-altering additions. And yet there Miami was on Tuesday, taking it to overtime. There it was, on a fourth game in five nights, rallying back from nine down in the fourth quarter, against an experienced Memphis squad that will likely land in the West playoffs.
But although this final showing of 2015 reflected some spirit, it also, in the end, represented the reality of the Heat yet again — that it remains just, as Udonis Haslem eloquently put it, one of the crabs in the crowded Eastern Conference bucket, still struggling to crawl up and away.
Tuesday's 99-90 loss wasn't as discouraging as some of the others, certainly not when compared with Monday's meltdown against the Nets. You could argue that the Heat just ran out of steam. Certainly, that might have been the case. Chris Bosh missed their last 11 shots, including one at the regulation buzzer and both in overtime, after making nine of their first 10, a scorching start that had come after they made 7 of 8 against Brooklyn.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
And in the locker room, most took a positive tone. Dwyane Wade, who, with a sore hip, spent most of the night trying to free themselves from Tony Allen's claws, said they “liked the resilience of our team to fight for this one.” Bosh spoke of “staying with it.” And both they and Goran Dragic were more dismayed that they had let Monday's game slip away.
“That's what made this one hurt,” Bosh said.
This one was the 39th loss of the Heat's 2015, compared with 41 wins, and although that includes an 18-13 record this season, it's not as if Miami looks ready to roar into the New Year. Remember, this was just the Heat's fourth of 17 back-to-back sets for this particular season. And remember, 12 of January's 17 games will come on the road.
Wade spoke late Monday about how Miami, 30 games into the season, was still figuring itself out. But that's not just game to game. That's within a game. That's within a quarter. That's within a possession. That was the case again Tuesday.
At times, and this was true early against Memphis, Miami can look lethal, flowing freely on offense and clamping down on the other end. And then, like that, the same team can endure an elongated scoring drought while succumbing to repeated defensive lapses. This time, there were other issues, such as shoddy rebounding early, poor free-throw shooting throughout, and the continued erratic play of Gerald Green, who is proving too unreliable to serve as Miami's primary perimeter bench weapon.
Even amid all this, the score was tied at halftime. Then, late in the third quarter, Memphis surged, starting a 11-0 run that became 13-0, and a nine-point lead, early in the fourth. Miami did respond, with Amar'e Stoudemire, playing both ends of a back-to-back, reaching back into the archive for a solid sequence — a putback, another rebound, and a slick pass to Green for Green's only three-pointer. And then, after Memphis pushed its lead from one back to nine, the Heat's starters battled back, eventually tying the score at 83 when Hassan Whiteside made a hook shot.
But that was the last of the Miami highlights. Wade missed a 17-footer after a miscommunication with Bosh. Bosh missed short from the left wing. And after Memphis point guard Mike Conley was also short on a stepback and Miami called timeout, Bosh missed again on a jumpshot while drifting left.
The ball clanked out.
In the center of the Grindhouse, Bosh gritted their teeth, then stuck out theirs tongue.
“It was just one of those shots where you only have one try,” Bosh said. “It's a different speed, and we got a shot at the basket. I just wanted to make sure I got the ball when it switched on me, and I wanted to go as high as I could so we didn't get a five-second call or anything.”
Instead, there would be five more minutes.
During those, not much went Miami's way.
Weary after a difficult stretch? Sure. But also, some of the struggle is worrisome. Dragic, for instance, had 12 of their 16 points in the first half, then was forgotten. Afterward, the point guard spoke of how he's still working with the coaches to get teammates to set different screens, more directly between them and the basket.
“When everybody is getting their shots, then we're dangerous,” Dragic said. “Then I feel sometimes in the fourth quarter, it's like 1 on 5, 2 on 5, just pick-and-roll in the middle and that's it. It's kind of hard. But when everybody gets their rhythm, when everybody is dangerous for a basket, defenses cannot be relaxed. Everybody needs to be engaged.”
Still, they said, as others have, that it's still early.
Early in the 2015-16 season.
But late in the calendar year 2015.
Bosh, who dealt with health issues and has returned strong, though they didn't finish strong enough Tuesday, said, “2015, just half of it sucked. I'm a glass-is-half-full kind of guy, so it was a good year.”
But 2016, for all of them, had better be better.
American Company Bedrock Industries Group has reached a deal to buy beleaguered U.S. Steel Canada, U.S. Steel announced today.
The sale is subject to court approvals.
In a statement, provincial minister of finance Charles Sousa called the move an important step towards the former Stelco's restructuring that will "save jobs, protect pensions and assist in providing post-employment benefits for active and retired employees at USSC's Hamilton and Lake Erie facilities."
The agreement comes as the latest in a lengthy restructuring and court process that continues to roll on — and one that is certainly not complete.
While the province has a rosy outlook about the news, the steelworker's union has a decidedly bleaker one.
Bedrock is a private equity investment firm that buys distressed companies and restructures them. The company and the province announced a memorandum of understanding back in September.
Steelworkers Local 1005 president Gary Howe told CBC News that the union is not looking at this news positively.
"It's interesting that two American companies are negotiating in secret to purchase a Canadian company," they said. "Meanwhile, the pensioners are going to take the hit.
"This whole process is not geared towards workers or people, it's geared towards making money."
U.S. Steel Corp. purchased the struggling Stelco in 2007. The sale involved a private agreement with the federal government that USW and Hamilton city officials have long feared would eventually hurt pensioners.
In 2014, citing millions in losses, U.S. Steel Canada (USSC) entered bankruptcy protection under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA).
The memorandum of understanding that the province signed off on with Bedrock back in September lays out mostly confidential terms for restructuring that might be permitted for the company.
The union says that it has not seen the details of that deal, and is once again in the dark.
In their statement, Sousa said that all details will remain confidential "until they can be released pursuant to a court process."
Howe says they expect the court process for the sale and what it will mean for local pensioners to continue well into 2017.
LZ Granderson reacts to John McEnroe saying that if Serena Williams played on the men's circuit, she'd be "like No. 700 in the world." (1:09)
Serena Williams fired back via Twitter on Monday after John McEnroe said that if they played on the men's circuit, she'd be "like No. 700 in the world."
Dear John, I adore and respect you but please please keep me out of your statements that are not factually based. — Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) June 26, 2017
I've never played anyone ranked "there" nor do I have time. Respect me and my privacy as I'm trying to have a baby. Good day sir — Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) June 26, 2017
In an interview Sunday, McEnroe told NPR that Williams has earned the designation as the greatest woman to play tennis, but they wouldn't put them in the category of greatest to ever play tennis.
"That doesn't mean I don't think Serena is an incredible player. I do. But the reality of what would happen on a given day is Serena could beat some players, I believe, because they are so incredibly strong mentally," McEnroe said.
"But if they had to just play the circuit -- the men's circuit -- that would be an entirely different story."
McEnroe, who works for ESPN as an analyst, went on to say that maybe at some point a female tennis player could be better than anybody.
"I just haven't seen it in any other sport, and I haven't seen it in tennis. I suppose anything's possible at some stage," they said.
On Tuesday, McEnroe declined to apologize for their comments during an appearance on "CBS This Morning" and said they "didn't know it would create controversy."
They also offered their suggestion to resolve the debate.
"Why don't you combine, just solve the problem -- I'm sure the men would be all for this -- the men and women play together, and then we don't have to guess," McEnroe said.
They estimated they would be ranked around 1,200th in the world if they were playing professional tennis today.
McEnroe has praised Williams in the past. When they won Wimbledon in 2015, McEnroe called Serena "arguably the greatest athlete of the last 100 years." After Williams' US Open victory in 2012, McEnroe said, "You're watching, to me, the greatest player to ever play the game."
Serena has 23 singles Grand Slams and 14 more in doubles. Roger Federer, by comparison, has 18 singles Slams and none in doubles.
By contrast to the subject of yesterday's BGA , Quinton Coples has been one of the most scrutinized players this offseason. Heading into their third year in the league, people are still speculating over whether the way Rex Ryan uses them is a miscalculation on the part of the Jets' defensive mastermind.
Coples had 4.5 sacks last season, a slight decrease from the 5.5 they managed in their rookie season. Focus on them increased even further when former Jets great Joe Klecko questioned their work ethic. However, there are plenty of overlooked factors which need to be explored in more depth.
After the jump, we consider some of these things and discuss what the Jets can expect from Coples in 2014.
The "move" to "linebacker"
There were plenty of misconceptions flying around last year after the Jets shocked everyone by drafting another interior lineman and then went on to announce that Coples would be "moving to outside linebacker". Much was written about how Coples would struggle in coverage and lack the agility to play the position. However, that was rooted in the fact that the Rush Linebacker role within Ryan's defense is something the media struggles to fully understand.
That Rush role, as occupied by the likes of Terrell Suggs in Baltimore, has far more in common with a defensive end position that a linebacker position. That player will still rush the passer the majority of the time and even when they do drop into coverage, it's usually just dropping off into a passing lane or a shallow zone, not tracking a receiver down the field. Since the Rush plays on the weakside, there is no tight end on that side and therefore any concern that tight ends would be able to exploit Coples in coverage was overplayed.
Moreover, this was a role which Coples had already been playing in 2012, and with increasing regularity as the season wound to a close. While they only played 27 snaps from a standing position (some of which were merely amoeba formations with multiple linemen standing) they played as a 4-3 end on 26% of their snaps as a rookie, a not-insignificant number. Therefore, Coples seeing more time coming off the edge was something I was already predicting and, once they announced it, my research indicated that Coples was just as productive going against tackles as they were against interior linemen.
There was one major change to their role though, although it didn't involve putting more on their plate. That key change was that they stopped playing on the interior altogether. Having played there approximately 25% of the time in preseason, they saw less than 30 snaps as a defensive tackle all season, nearly all of them before week six. Maybe this was a reaction to how well the defensive line was playing without them or maybe it was an effort to get them to focus on the edge rusher role. Either way, they certainly responded over the second half of the season.
Heading into 2014, Coples has reportedly lost 15 pounds in an effort to make themselves faster. This essentially cements the fact that they won't be used on the inside this season. However, while he's talking about doing more "linebackery" things like dropping into coverage, he's still going to be primarily an edge rusher and an edge setter in the running game.
At times, I'm left wondering if there are people out there who expected to see Coples going sideline to sideline like a conventional linebacker in the Derrick Brooks mold. They have even lined up in such a fashion once or twice as you can see in the image and it doesn't even look right! By the way, that play resulted in Coples mowing through the line to make a tackle in the backfield.
Who are we to question Rex Ryan?
It is surprising that the architect of one of the league's top defenses finds it so hard to earn the benefit of the doubt from the media. I've seen plenty of comments questioning the logic behind this move, including this one from ESPN New York's Rich Cimini:
To me, this move is a reach. A 280-pound linebacker? Why do I have the feeling we'll be reporting late in training camp that Coples is returning to the defensive line?
While I'm surprised Cimini hasn't - to my knowledge - attempted to play the "he's basically being used as a defensive end anyway" card, they continue to pour cold water on the move. Earlier this week they did, at least, pay Coples a compliment, saying:
There aren't many 6-foot-6, 280-pound athletes like them walking the face of the Earth, someone who can play in a three-point stance and stand up as a linebacker.
However, even while doing this they also suggested that Coples had "underachieved" and that there might be a change if they have "another non-descript season".
Leaving aside the fact that guys like Julius Peppers and Mario Williams have both played the position at an equivalent size - and that Coples must weigh less than that now if reports of their weight loss are accurate - why would any writer know better than a head coach of a football team how to make the best use of their players?
But wait...have I not been guilty of something similar? In the past, I was outspoken about being unable to understand why the Eric Mangini Jets in 2006 and 2007 had opted to employ Eric Barton as an inside linebacker and Victor Hobson as an outside linebacker. It seemed like Barton would lack the size to take on blockers inside and Hobson would lack the speed to generate pressure off the edge.
Now that I've gone back over the 2007 season, I can see the wisdom behind Mangini making that move. It was true that Hobson would lack the speed to generate any pressure coming off the edge. However, Mangini (perhaps in concert with defensive coordinator Bob Sutton) knew that the Jets were unlikely to generate any pressure off the edge with their outside personnel, often resorting to sending them on delayed blitzes in the hope that they could avoid being picked up. Barton getting there half a step quicker wasn't going to make any significant positive influence on the Jets pass rush, but replacing them with the slightly slower Hobson inside might have more of a negative effect. So, leaving Hobson, who at least had the strength to hold up reasonably well against the run, on the outside, was an exercise in damage limitation.
This highlights one of the biggest differences between Ryan and Mangini. As I wrote yesterday, Ryan seeks to put their players in a position whereby they can play to their strengths. Mangini was allowing how they used their players to be dictated by what they could not do. In Mangini's defense, the Jets had been cap-strapped at the time and they didn't have ideal personnel to work with, so building a conservative, bend-but-not-break defense was the best chance they had of remaining competitive.
There's something much more interesting we can learn from the 2007 season that's relevant to this topic, though.
Whoever heard of a 280-pound linebacker?
Oh how they scoffed when the Jets announced they were going to be moving a defensive tackle to linebacker. Nobody ever tried that before. It's unheard of. Except...
Die-hard Jets fans may remember a game from that 2007 season when the Jets silenced the partisan Steelers faithful at the Meadowlands (no, that's not a misprint) with a stunning overtime win. The Jets threw a strategic wrinkle that the Steelers weren't expecting, by employing Shaun Ellis - a 6'5" 285-pound defensive lineman - as an outside linebacker. The result was that the Jets - who entered the game with a league-low nine sacks in nine games - sacked Ben Roethlisberger seven times, with Ellis recording one sack and two half-sacks. That was just a one-off, a novelty though. Except...
Over the last six games of the season, the Jets persisted with the Ellis-at-outside-linebacker experiment. They played 93 snaps as an outside linebacker in those six games. Contrast that with Coples, who only played 173 snaps as an outside linebacker in 14 games. That's fewer snaps-per-game standing up.
In addition, unlike the situation with Coples, Ellis wasn't simply playing a defensive end role without putting their hand in the dirt or just standing up in some pass packages, they were actually playing an outside linebacker role in the base defense. Mangini and Sutton's defense doesn't operate like a hybrid, so they were actually bringing in another interior lineman (often CJ Mosley) and taking an outside linebacker out of the game for Ellis to replace.
Any concerns about Coples' speed, agility or hip fluidity and the effect they could have on their ability to carry out such a role would apply equally to Ellis. In fact, I'd clearly peg Coples as better than them in these categories, although we can't make a measurables comparison because Ellis opted not to work out at the combine. Did it effect Ellis, though? Not really, because they dropped into coverage just three times in those six games, no more or less than they would in any typical season. By contrast, Coples dropped into coverage 25 times last year, although it is interesting to note that nine of these plays were when they had their hand in the dirt. Opposing teams were unable to exploit Ellis being out of position, as they were one of the Jets' better defensive performers throughout the season. The Jets were out of the race by midseason, but pretty competitive down the stretch.
Assessing Coples' progress
Some have suggested, perhaps based on the sack totals, that Coples was less productive once they moved full-time into the edge rusher role. However, that's not true at all. In their rookie year, Coples never had more than four total pressures (sacks plus hits plus hurries) in a game. However, in the second half of last year, they averaged 4.5 per game.
That's not entirely as cut-and-dried as it would seem. You would typically expect a higher rate of pressure coming off the edge than you would for an interior player. However, at the same time, we shouldn't forget that those rookie pass rush numbers do include some plays where they were coming off the edge.
What about the first half of the year, though? Just one sack, four hits and four pressures? That was definitely a slow start for them in terms of production. Of course this was partly attributable to the change in role, but also let's not forget that they broke their foot in August, so the fact it took them until October to get firing on all cylinders could also be attributable to that.
We'll have to wait and see whether that second half output was indicative of what he's capable of producing all the time or whether those numbers will even off. If they can generate pressure at that rate, those numbers would be comparable to the elite edge rushers around the NFL. Even when they aren't producing statistically, there were signs throughout the season that they were giving opposing tackles more and more problems and there were plenty of examples of them beating their man but not generating a pressure because the opposing quarterback got rid of the ball almost immediately. They could perhaps benefit indirectly from a better performance from the secondary this year too.
It's not all about pass rushing though. How did Coples fare against the run? Again, they showed improvements in this area. As a unit, the Jets run defense was the best in the NFL for the majority of the season, with Coples playing over 80% of the snaps. That in and of itself indicates that they were making positive contributions. They graded out positively (+4.5) according to PFF, having had a negative grade (-1.5) as a rookie. Once again, they showed improvements in this area over the second half of the year. Overall, they had eight tackles for a loss in 14 games, as opposed to five in 16 as a rookie.
Maybe the change to their role accelerated their growth, maybe it set them back. Either way, it seems clear they did improve from year one to year two and that progress is something the Jets will be keen to continue fostering.
Conclusions
While much has been written and speculated about Coples' role and likely performance in 2014 and beyond, the proof is in the pudding and it will be exciting to see what they can achieve this season.
It remains to be seen whether the weight loss will work in their favor, but if they can get to the quarterback a half-step sooner, that could make a huge difference. Coples had a team leading 15 quarterback hits in 2013; Turning just half of these into sacks would take them comfortably into double-digits.
As long as they remain healthy, the sky's the limit for Coples and Ryan has set up the defense in such a way as they could make a real name for themselves this year if they live up to their promise. Things are moving in the right direction, so perhaps we should trust Rex Ryan. They know what he's doing.
This series continues next weekend with an article focusing on Kenrick Ellis.
On January 27, 26 civil liberties, human rights, and transparency organizations sent a letter to the House Judiciary Committee demanding that an upcoming “members only” meeting on surveillance be made public.
The hearing is scheduled for February 2, and is currently classified and for members only. The committee will be discussing Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Amendments Act, the law that the NSA uses for its PRISM surveillance program and to tap into the so-called backbone of the Internet. Both programs were revealed to the public by whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Judiciary Committee member and “original author of the USA Patriot Act” Jim Sensenbrenner, (R-Wisc.) said in a statement to The Intercept that “Closed briefings are necessary for members of Congress to ask questions about classified information.”
“However, I would support a subsequent open hearing on Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act because transparency and public discussion are critical to the reform and reauthorization of Section 702,” Sensenbrenner also said in their statement.
The letter calls on House Judiciary Committee to open the hearing on Section 702 up to the public. The organizations write:
“We believe that robust congressional oversight of the implementation of this statute, which is used to acquire the communications of Americans and people around the world alike without a warrant, is critical. We were surprised when we recently learned that you may soon hold a hearing in a classified format, outside of public view.”
The groups say that holding a closed hearing “continues the excessive secrecy” that has become the norm during the Obama administration and “contributed to the surveillance abuses we have seen in recent years.”
The letter also notes that the Intelligence, Armed Services, and the Judiciary Committees have previously held public sessions on matters of national security. The Senate Judiciary Committee has itself held several public hearings on NSA surveillance programs following the release of documents by Snowden.
The organizations also note that the way in which Section 702 is applied “also affects journalists who interact with confidential sources to report on issues in the public interest, and criminal defendants whose prosecutions may involve the use of evidence derived from intelligence surveillance.”
The full list of the participating organizations appears below.
Access Now
American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC)
American Civil Liberties Union
American Library Association
Amnesty International USA
Brennan Center for Justice
Californians Aware
Center for Democracy &Technology
Constitutional Alliance
The Constitution Project
Cyber Privacy Project
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC)
Essential Information
Free Press Action Fund
Government Accountability Project
Human Rights Watch
National Coalition Against Censorship
National Security Archive
New America's Open Technology Institute
Niskanen Center
OpenTheGovernment.org
Project On Government Oversight
Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press
Restore The Fourth
R Street Institute
Rio 2016: Australia cautiously claims victory over the USA as their Olympics campaign continues
Updated
The Boomers may have done themselves proud with a gallant performance against the USA at the Olympics, but the last thing the team wants is a pat on the back.
"You don't get sh*t for small victories or moral victories," said Andrew Bogut after the game, which Australia lost 98-88.
"We're not coming out of this like 'this was an awesome game'. We lost."
Yet it was hard not to be impressed with one of the most polished performances produced by an Australian men's team at Olympic level.
"We beat a heck of team tonight," US coach Mike Krzyzewski said.
"They just played, I think, 'lights out' basketball."
In what was comfortably the most anticipated men's basketball match of the tournament so far, Australia rose to the occasion.
It was their NBA talent who led the way, with Patty Mills scoring a team-high 30 points, while Bogut contributed 15 points and three blocks, and Matthew Dellavedova chimed in with 11 points and 11 assists.
The Boomers' ball movement and manic defence frustrated the Americans, and by half-time they had claimed an improbable five-point lead.
USA were much better organised defensively in the second half and crept ahead, but the deciding factor in the end was Carmelo Anthony.
The New York Knicks superstar scored a game-high 31 points, including nine three-pointers — four of them coming in the last quarter.
"He [Carmelo] takes a lot of pride in being able to shoot the ball and that's what killed us tonight, them knowing where to be on the floor and catching it and shooting it with a lot of confidence," Mills said.
Shutting down Anthony is one thing, but the Australian camp said there was still plenty of room for improvement should they meet the Americans again later in the tournament.
"Offensive rebounds, they did a great job of getting on the board. We turned the ball over at certain times when we needed to score … and they punish you," Bogut said.
One thing the Boomers do have working for them is self-belief.
It was evident in David Andersen trusting their turnaround jump shot, in a rejuvenated Bogut hitting the scoreboard with their unique left-hand hooks, and Mills pulling the trigger on their pull-up threes.
Joe Ingles said the team had long believed it can match it with the best in the world.
"We did before the tournament, we did as soon as we go together for the first camp. Everyone else … didn't believe it but they're probably starting to now," they said.
Australia's next opponent will be China, before a final pool match against Venezuela.
Topics: basketball, sport, olympics-summer, brazil, australia
First posted
As Drought Persists, Cities Look to Texas ‘Lakes' to Answer Needs AUDIO By Mose Buchele Email
Tweet
Photo by Mose Buchele
The funny thing about Walter E. Long Lake: most people don't know it exists.
The lake, tucked into a rural-feeling part of North East Austin is big, by Austin standards. It can hold more water than Austin's two central city Lakes -Lake Austin and Lady Bird Lake- combined. It was created to host a power plant, which it's done for for nearly 50 years. That's how it got its other name: Decker Lake.
But Last week, Austin's city council voted on a plan to wean Austin off Decker Power Plant electricity, opting to shutter the plant to lower citywide emissions. If that happens, the lake could serve as Austin's a new city reservoir.
“It's a body of water most people don't know about. Some people use it, you'll see fishing boats out there on the lake,” says Sharlene Leurig, who works at Ceres, a non-profit specializing in sustainability. “But for the most part it's the unappreciated stepchild of the lakes we have here in Austin.”
Courtesy of CERES
Leurig chaired a city task force to plan Austin's long term water strategy. It suggested re-purposing Decker Lake to add to Austin's supply.
“Austin is not in a good spot,” they say “The city of Austin is one of the largest cities that has just one source of water.”
While most of the water in Decker Lake is currently pumped in from the Highland Lakes (Austin's main water supply), Leurig says it would be useful for the city to maintain it as a reservoir where it could, potentially, catch more rainfall, or store rain that falls in other parts of the city.
“In the last year or two the water that has come, when we've gotten rains storms, has not flowed into lake Travis,” they say. “It's been falling downstream of that. And because none of the lakes downstream of are operated to store water it means that we're just washing that water down to the Gulf.”
If used as a reservoir, water from Decker Lake could be sent downstream to contribute to “environmental flows,” which would keep more water in Austin's main reservoirs in the Highland Lakes, or the city could also build infrastructure to make Decker Lake a water source in its own right.
“It's not what it was designed for but, as we look as a city at the ways that we can find water in the very near term if we have to tap into resources. It's one of the best candidates we have,” they say.
Looking to Lakes
It's not the first time thirsty communities have tried something like this. There are other lakes in Texas built for flood control and power generation that now serve as water supplies.
The Texas Water Development Board told StateImpact Texas it doesn't keep data on what reservoirs have been re-purposed, but a quick look at their list of Texas Lakes shows they are out there. Lake Texoma, for example, began its life as a flood control reservoir, as did Wright Patman Lake.
As populations grow, planners view existing lakes as low-hanging fruit. There's no need to build a new reservoir, the water's already there. But, pulling more water from existing reservoirs is politically tricky, says Andy Samson of the The Meadows Center for Water and the Environment.
“After the drought of record or the drought of the 1950s, we built something over 200 reservoirs in the state. Each of them was built for a particular infrastructure purpose, flood control, water supply, power plant cooling,” Samson says. “Not one of these was built for recreational purposes, or as a community amenity.”
It's just that that's how people started to see them. “That created economic impacts in the areas, attracting tourists and later constituents in the areas who were accustomed to using the lakes for recreation, not as a resource,” says Sansom. “That is exacerbated in the teeth of the drought.”
Across the state small scale water wars are being fought over how much water will be moved from existing reservoirs. The conflict over water in the Highland Lakes, which has pit lakeside communities and the City of Austin against downstream rice farmers, is perhaps the highest profile fight. But there are others.
Residents around Lake Granbury blame state policymakers for low lake levels. In Lake Palestine, fishermen worry about the impacts of a new pipeline for Dallas city water. In Austin, owners of expensive lakefront property were upset by a proposal to lower Lake Austin by a few feet as a water-saving measure.
The Lower Colorado River Authority –the agency that was exploring the plan- quickly walked away from that idea. But the City of Austin task force is suggesting something similar.
“Unfortunately the people who bought on Lake Austin don't realize that it was designed to be a variable level lake. That wasn't the expectation when they bought, but that was its purpose,” says Leurig.
A Painful Compromise
There's been some push back on the Decker Lake proposal as well. Austin Energy, the city's electric utility, opposes the idea of shutting down the plant. Some lake-goers are upset because the proposal would dramatically drop lake levels.
“If we've got water problems they ought to stop bringing so many people into town,” Jim Robinson, a recreational boater said on a recent weekday after a morning on the lake.
But they agreed that it might some day be necessary to re-purpose Decker Lake.
“If it became an absolutely destitute situation, we'd have to use the water for people. Yeah,” they said. “There's no doubt about that.”
For water planners like Leurig that time is fast-approaching.
“Whether it's this drought or the drought or it's the drought that comes after this cause there will be another drought,” they say. “At some point we're all going to have to compromise on the expectations of what water does for us what we get from it.”
They say it's a compromise that will happen across Texas as populations grow and supplies dwindle. That doesn't mean it will be an easy one.
The U.S. Department of State is warning travelers to Mexico about possible tainted or low quality alcohol. (Wolfgang Kaehler/LightRocket via Getty Images)
The U.S. State Department is cautioning Americans traveling to Mexico about possible tainted or low quality alcohol that could cause vacationers illness or black outs.
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel first reported the State Department's warning as part of continued coverage of a Wisconsin woman's death.
The department updated its information page for Mexico, adding reference to the claims in a warning under the "alcohol" subsection of the page's "safety and security" section.
"There have been allegations that consumption of tainted or substandard alcohol has resulted in illness or blacking out. If you choose to drink alcohol, it is important to do so in moderation and to stop and seek medical attention if you begin to feel ill," the warning states.
Mexico is a popular vacation destination for tourists, with a number of all-inclusive resorts and adults-only retreats that cater to vacationers.
In Wisconsin, the Conner family is mourning the death of their daughter, Abbey, in January following a family trip to a Mexican all-inclusive, five-star resort, the family told the Journal Sentinel. The 20-year-old drowned and their brother was seriously injured after drinking shots at the Iberostar Hotel & Resorts' Paraiso del Mar. They do not remember what happened.
Resort officials told the newspaper it adheres to strict regulatory standards and that it takes its guests' health and safety seriously.
Meanwhile, some vacationers suspect they've consumed tainted or bootlegged alcohol while vacationing at various upscale Mexican resorts.
The Journal Sentinel reported it has been in contact with more than three dozen people with accounts of similar experiences at resorts near Cancun and Playa del Carmen. In each case, people discussed a drugging-like sensation and memory loss after having as little as one or two drinks.
The U.S. State Department issues official alerts and warnings for American travelers to highlight possible international dangers. It last issued a travel warning for Mexico in December 2016.
The department has maintained that the safety and security of U.S. citizens overseas is among its top priorities.
Following the release of a DVD titled Notorious B.I.G.: Bigger Than Life, West Coast rapper E-40 has continued to speak on an incident featured on the DVD that involved both themselves and the late Notorious B.I.G. E-40 spoke vaguely on the incident in 2010 and shared that while Biggie was in town, a few of their associates “got at him” following comments the Brooklyn wordsmith made about E-40 in a magazine interview.
E-40 shed even more light on the incident during an interview with Complex.com this week. They again stated that they took no part in the fake concert that was booked for Biggie in Sacramento and also shared the details of a phone call they received while Biggie was in town.
According to E-40, they received a phone call late at night from a man claiming to be in the same area as Biggie. The man then asked E-40 if they wanted them to do anything to the rapper.
“But a concert was booked that I didn't book,” E-40 said. “And I wanna tell y'all this. I got a call like 11 at night. ‘40, I got this nigga Biggie Smalls down here woo wopty woo woo. What you want me to do with him?' You gotta understand. Just being upset because somebody said they ain't fuckin with your music that ain't enough to try to do somebody in. That's not cool. That's some bitch shit. That ain't cool. I got on the phone with dude. I was like ‘I didn't know you felt like that'…Anyway, to make a long story short, I got them home safe. Got them back to the hotel safe. I didn't book that concert. That's the main thing I want to say. But the shit that went down as far as my folks on their head, they are. And I called it off.”
E-40 again explained that the entire incident was brought about due to comments Biggie made during an interview with a Canadian magazine. When asked to rank a handful of West Coast artists on a scale from one to 10, E-40 says Biggie gave them a zero.
“A lot of people know about the Biggie incident,” E-40 said. “When they came to Northern California. Some of my folks was highly upset that they had done an article—I was upset that they did an article in a Canadian magazine…They asked them from a scale to one to 10 what do you feel about these artists. So, they would say Spice 1. I don't know if it was a three, a four, or a two. Ice Cube, I don't know what they gave him, but I know they gave me a zero. Right? And I'm a fixture out there on my soil, right? West Coast, and they fuck with me in New York at the time too as well. So, I was like ‘okay.' Of course I was upset about that. My dudes seen that. Everybody was upset about that.”
E-40 says their cordial interaction with Biggie as a result of the incident led to the rapper giving them a shout out in the album notes for Life After Death.
In an interview with Hip Hop Wired last year, E-40 said their encounter with Biggie in Sacramento was one they didn't speak on until Biggie's people brought it to light.
“So [Biggie's people] hit me, we pow-wowed, got them back safe and that was that, man…you know that I'm so real that I never even spoke on it,” they said. “His folks spoke on that, I never brought it up.”
RELATED: E-40 Considers Releasing Their “Book Of Slang” As A Software App
One of Nike's greatest basketball sneakers is set to return this year.
The original Nike Hyperdunk, which made its debut in 2008, was an innovative silhouette that incorporated Lunarlite technology and was the first basketball model to feature Flywire. The shoe quickly became one of the most popular sneakers of the year - highlighted by several countries rocking it at the 2008 Beijing Olympics including members of Team U.S.A. - and it would set the foundation for all the Hyperdunk models that would come after it.
The shoe is slated to return in four monochromatic offerings which include colors that appear to be Volt, Infrared, Black, and Rush Blue. No word on when the shoe is slated to release, but news of its return should make plenty of basketball players quite happy.
BOSASSO (Reuters) - Somali militant group al Shabaab bombed a minivan carrying staff to a United Nations office in the semi-autonomous Puntland region on Monday, killing six people including four from the global body's children's fund UNICEF, officials said.
Images posted on social media show a blood-spattered white vehicle, its windows shattered and the roof blown off by the blast in the region's administrative capital Garowe.
UNICEF said in a statement the improvised explosive device attack occurred when its staff were travelling to the office from their guest house nearby and that four more of its staff were seriously wounded.
“Our immediate thoughts are with the families of the four staff members who were killed and with those who were injured. All of us at UNICEF are deeply saddened and deeply angered,” said Anthony Lake, its executive director.
Nicholas Kay, the U.N. Special Representative for Somalia, said two guards also died in the attack.
“The complete disregard for the lives of people working on the humanitarian and development needs of the people of Somalia are despicable,” they said in a statement.
Al Qaeda-linked al Shabaab has staged a string of attacks in Somalia and surrounding countries aimed at imposing its harsh brand of Islam and overthrowing the Somali government, which is backed by Western donors and African peacekeepers.
“We are behind the Garowe attack,” al Shabaab's military operations spokesperson, Sheikh Abdiasis Abu Musab, told Reuters.
Mohamed Abdi, a police officer at the scene of the attack, earlier put the number of dead at nine, comprising Kenyans and Somalis, but UNICEF said its staff hailed from a range of countries. The attacker also died, police said.
Al Shabaab, which once ruled much of Somalia, has been driven out of major strongholds in military offensives launched last year by the Somali army and African Union peacekeepers.
Puntland, on the northeastern tip of Somalia, had in the past largely avoided the regular attacks seen in other areas. However, attacks by the militant group have intensified this year.
A U.N. van is seen damaged by an improvised explosive device (IED) outside the U.N. compound in Garowe, the administrative capital of Somalia's semi-autonomous Puntland, April 20, 2015. REUTERS/Feisal Omar
“Al Shabaab is not interested in the future of Somalia; it is only interested in pushing its own extremist agenda for its own perverted purposes,” President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud said in a statement.
Earlier this month, al Shabaab fighters killed 148 people on a university campus in the Kenyan town of Garissa, about 200 km (120 miles) from the Somali border.
The group has said it wants to punish Kenya for sending troops to Somalia as part of the African Union force.
The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild – making a success of the Switch
The Nintendo Switch enjoyed Nintendo's biggest ever hardware launch in the US, and the second biggest since NPD records began.
According to the latest NPD results, Nintendo Switch launch title The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild was the second bestselling video game last month in the US – with retail sales of over 900,000 copies.
It still had to play second fiddle to Ubisoft's Ghost Recon: Wildlands, but it did beat PlayStation 4 exclusive Horizon Zero Dawn – which was released only a few days earlier.
As ever though the US charts are full of omissions and caveats, with the Zelda figure not including digital sales and combining Wii U and Switch as one. And that's ignoring the fact that the whole chart is organised by revenue instead of units sold, which is not how it works anywhere else in the world.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Even the way chart-tracker NPD categorises games is slightly bizarre, as they've decided that both Zelda and Resident Evil count as ‘adventures' and so have revealed that Breath Of The Wild made 54% more money than Resident Evil 7 at launch.
Slightly more useful information is that as a whole physical Switch software sales stood at 1.3 million units, which is apparently a record high for a Nintendo console launch.
Most of those sales are clearly just Zelda, with 1-2-Switch only making it as high as number 13 and having an attachment rate of just 19%. Fellow Switch exclusive Super Bomberman R was the third biggest seller, making it to number 17.
The only hint of how well the Switch itself sold is that it managed 31,000 more sales than the Game Boy Advance, which previously held the record for Nintendo's best launch in the US. The Switch was also the best-selling console of the month, ahead of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4.
‘March 2017 will go down in history books as the month Nintendo broke records. The Nintendo Switch had the biggest hardware launch for a Nintendo platform and the second biggest launch for any video game platform since 1995, the time NPD began tracking this category', said NPD analyst Sam Naji.
It may have been one of the least critically acclaimed of the year's big releases, but as you can see Ghost Recon: Wildlands has been just as big a hit in America as it has in the rest of the world.
It had the best ever launch for a Ghost Recon game and the second best ever for a Tom Clancy game, behind only The Division. It's also the second best-selling game of the year as a whole, ahead of For Honor and Zelda: Breath Of The Wild.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In terms of other new releases Mass Effect: Andromeda debuted at number three, but with a smaller launch than Mass Effect 3. That's actually better than in the UK though, where the game was also beaten by Mass Effect 2.
There's no information on exactly how well Horizon Zero Dawn did, other than it sold twice as much as Killzone 2 – which up till now has been developer Guerrilla Games' biggest debut.
The most heart-warming news from the charts though is that NieR: Automata made it to number nine, which given how busy the month was is very encouraging. Especially as Square Enix has already hinted that they may work with developer Platinum Games again.
U.S. all formats chart – March 1 (-) Ghost Recon: Wildlands (XO/PS4/PC)
2 (-) The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild (Wii U/NS)
3 (-) Mass Effect: Andromeda (XO/PS4/PC)
4 (-) Horizon Zero Dawn (PS4)
5 (-) MLB 17: The Show (PS4)
6 (3) Grand Theft Auto V (360/PS3/XO/PS4/PC)
7 (1) For Honor (XO/PS4/PC)
8 (4) NBA 2K17 (360/PS3/XO/PS4/PC)
9 (-) NieR: Automata (PS4)
10(5) Call Of Duty: Infinite Warfare (XO/PS4/PC)
Email gamecentral@ukmetro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter
Andy Wong/Associated Press
Of all the White House visitors in from China on Wednesday, one may be having a particularly awkward day: Jon Huntsman.
At a news conference Wednesday afternoon, President Obama joked about reports that Mr. Huntsman, their ambassador to China, is contemplating a run for president in 2012.
“I'm sure the fact that them having worked so well with me will be a great asset in any Republican primary,” Mr. Obama said, with a wry smile at the press conference with visiting President Hu Jintao of China.
Mr. Huntsman is in Washington to help shepherd Mr. Hu through their first official state visit with Mr. Obama.
A State Department spokesperson confirmed in an e-mail that Mr. Huntsman “is here and will be a full participant during today's activities.”
But the visit comes just weeks after Mr. Huntsman, the charismatic former Republican governor of Utah, appeared to indicate in an interview that they might be interested in challenging their boss — Mr. Obama — in the 2012 presidential election.
“You know, I'm really focused on what we're doing in our current position,” they told Newsweek this month. “But we won't do this forever, and I think we may have one final run left in our bones.” Asked by the Newsweek reporter whether they were ruling out a challenge to Mr. Obama in 2012, Mr. Huntsman declined to comment.
The prospect that Mr. Huntsman might run for president still seems somewhat remote. Their remarks to Newsweek were vague enough that they could be interpreted any number of ways. And there are plenty of reasons why Mr. Huntsman might decide that 2012 is not the right year to seek higher office.
And yet there are no doubt that some people inside the White House — the president included — wouldn't mind a bit of face time with the man they recruited to join the administration. (There's not an official woodshed in the White House, but the Oval Office can surely feel like one at times.)
Mr. Obama praised Mr. Huntsman's performance as ambassador, saying they have done an “outstanding” job in the past two years.
“He is a Mandarin speaker,” Mr. Obama said. “He has brought enormous skill, dedication and talent to the job and you know the fact that they come from a different party I think is a strength, not a weakness, because it indicates the degree to which both they and I believe that partisanship ends at the water's edge and that we work together to advocate on behalf of our country.”
When the White House sent Mr. Huntsman to China, it seemed like a master political stroke, a way of taking a potential rival out of contention by bringing them into the fold — and sending them halfway around the world. Chris Cillizza, who writes The Fix politics blog at The Washington Post, wrote at the time that the move “almost certainly forecloses the possibility that they will be a candidate for national office in 2012.”
Now the president's political advisers have to consider the possibility that Mr. Huntsman could try to use their employment as an ambassador for the president to their advantage, casting themselves as a candidate with great appeal to independent voters looking for evidence that the two parties in Washington can work together to solve problems.
That would infuriate Mr. Obama's team, which has long seen Mr. Huntsman as a potent danger to the president's re-election. David Plouffe, one of Mr. Obama's closest advisers, spoke admiringly of Mr. Huntsman's political skills in May 2009, saying, “I think he's really out there and speaking a lot of truth about the direction of the party.”
The visit of President Hu is filled with ceremony and substance that will no doubt distract Mr. Obama and their top aides from dwelling on Mr. Huntsman's comments or their possible challenge in 2012.
But there are likely to be more than a few moments in the course of the day when Mr. Huntsman will find himself, awkwardly, standing at a reception or sitting at the state dinner across the table from Mr. Obama, Mr. Plouffe or one of the president's other senior advisers.
An admirer of the former governor said Wednesday that Mr. Huntsman would not be measuring the drapes in the White House during their visit there Wednesday.
“But,” they joked morbidly, “maybe finding a food taster.”
If you're thinking of starting a brewpub, the cooperative business model might be the way to go. Chris Hamje has been at Black Star Co-op Pub and Brewery, in Austin, Texas, since shortly after they opened. They explain how the cooperative model plays out for their operation.
“There's a lot of precedence for a worker-owned factory model,” explains Chris. “When you look at beer, this is a very high-tech fabrication plant. The model works very well, the precedence is there historically, for this exact operational process. When you take the people who are moving parts of this factory, giving the most creative input in what the product is like, you suddenly have something really special. And that works really well in the craft beer movement.”
There are many ways to organize a brewery co-op. Black Star has 2 member bases.
There are about 3,000 “patrons” worldwide, who pay $150 for a lifetime membership, and gain the right to elect a 9-seat board of directors.
The “workers assembly” has great autonomy as they follow the board policies on a day-to-day basis. Employees must work at the co-op for one year before going an election to gain a place on the workers assembly. The workers assembly has one meeting each month, and votes on day-to-day operations.
Other podcasts about breweries as co-ops:
MicroBrewr 046: Start your brewery as a worker-owned co-op
MicroBrewr 049: Planning California's first cooperative brewpub
Chris is currently preparing to start a production, package brewery, 4th Tap Brewing Co-op, in Austin that will also be a co-op. They have lots of advice, including:
Look at how your state's laws treat a co-op.
Choose a location with high visibility.
Take a class in organic chemistry.
Hire an extra staff member.
Last week we talked with Sustainable Economies Law Center to get an overview of the cooperative business model and how it might apply to a brewery. Next week we'll hear from San Jose Co-op Brew Pub about their plans to start California's first co-op brewery.
Brewery specs:
Kettle size: 10 BBL.
Size and quantity of fermentation tanks: 4, 10-BBL.
Size and quantity of bright tanks: 5, 10-BBL.
Annual brewing capacity/last year's production: A little over 700 BBL.
Square footage: Around 900 sq. ft., including a mezzanine.
Years in operation: 4 years (opened 2010).
“Always have that little bit of fear that drives you to learn more.” [Tweet This]
Listener question:
From Zack Chance: Where do you recommend buying ingredients on the West Coast? How do estimate the number of customers in a year?
Book recommendation:
Check out the entire list of recommended books, click here.
An upcoming beer style:
Sour Beer
Other resources:
You can reach Chris Hamje and Black Star Co-op Pub and Brewery at:
Sponsors:
San Jose Co-op Brewpub
“Be co-owner in California's first co-op brewpub.”
Support MicroBrewr
Help keep MicroBrewr on the air. CLICK HERE for ways you can help.
I love Pokémon and I especially love the team leaders, especially Helio (sorry I won't call them Cyrus, I love the French name more).
I made two versions because I couldn't decide if I wanted to color it a lot or not, you can find the other one in my gallery.
I put only the ones who were involved with those guys (so no Rayquaza since I chose ORAS, no Zygarde either. I wanted to put Zekrom and Reshiram though but it was hard to place so I chose to put only Kyurem). So as you can guess the games are LG/FR, ORAS, Platinum, BW 2 and XY. I tried to draw their final encounter place in the background, hope you'll guess what it is. I actually like both design for Archie and Maxie but, since the game is still recent, there's no many fanart of all of the villains with ORAS style so I thought it would be more interesting.
As always you can find the color version, the black version and the black version without the title on
.
Please do not repost it on tumblr, reblog the original post from my tumblr (lirhya).
___________________
I own nothing
“Swift and tough justice” has resulted in prison sentences totalling more than 1,800 years being handed out to some 1,292 people in connection with last summer's London riots described as “the worst public disorder for a generation”.
In an unprecedented show of deterrence, courts gave substantially higher sentences than are normally given for similar offences. At 16.8 months, the average custodial sentence was more than four times the normal tariff for public disorder offences, according to an analysis of figures released by the Ministry of Justice.
The riots, which started in the north London suburb of Tottenham on August 7 following the death of an Afro-Caribbean youth Mark Duggan in a police shoot-out, soon spread to other cities with television images of looting and arson beamed across the world.
Alison Saunders, chief prosecutor of the Crown Prosecution Service, called the riots as “the single biggest challenge” for the criminal justice system with courts working overnight to clear the backlog.
The CPS was still dealing with approximately ten riot-related cases a week, they said.
A year on, as the debate on the underlying social and economic factors behind the riots continued to rage,
Reece Davis, an African dancer jailed for looting, warned young people against getting involved in violence.
http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/article3735373.ece
Readers at home and around the world want to know what to make of the announcement that China henceforth will conduct oil purchases and sales in gold-backed Chinese currency.
Is this an attack by Russia and China on the US dollar? Will the dollar weaken and collapse from being discarded as the currency in which oil is transacted? These and other questions are on readers' minds.
Below is my opinion:
The US dollar's value depends on whether central banks, corporations, and individuals are content to hold their assets or wealth in dollars. If they are, it does not matter what currency is used to transact oil. If they are not, it does not matter if all oil is transacted in dollars. Why?
Because if they don't want to hold dollars, they will dump the dollars as soon as the transaction is completed and move into other currencies or gold. What China is doing is creating a currency that might be a more attractive currency to hold.
It is possible that the gold-backed Chinese currency is a move against US power, but I see it differently. I see it as a protection against US power. China and Russia are disassociating from the dollar system, because Washington, in its abuse of the world currency role, uses the dollar payments mechanism to impose sanctions on other countries and to threaten them with exclusion from the payments clearing system.
In other words, Washington, instead of operating a fair system, uses its world currency role to dominate other countries. Russia and China are too strong to be dominated, and, thus, are throwing off the dollar system. If other countries follow, the dollar will cease to be an instrument of US control over the rest of the world.
To put it in different words, Bretton Woods gave Washington the responsibility for the world financial system. Washington abused the power entrusted to it by using the dollar system to destabilize other countries, such as Venezuela currently. Washington's abuse of the world currency role in order to advance American financial and business interests and Washington's power over the foreign and domestic policies of other countries has set in motion forces that will eliminate the dollar's role as world reserve currency.
The hubris and arrogance of Washington are destroying American power.
This article was originally published by Paul Craig Roberts Institute for Political Economy.
Bankers at Wells Fargo foreign exchange group have been intentionally overcharging customers to inflate their bonuses, the Wall Street Journal reported.
According to employees of the bank who spoke to the Journal, an internal review showed that only 35 of around 300 fee agreements agreed by the foreign-exchange operation had been charged accurately.
The findings about excess foreign-exchange charges applies only to deals with business customers. However, the bank is still recovering from a scandal in its retail banking division: in order to hit bonus targets, some employees opened accounts for customers without authorization, or invented customer details. The bank estimates that up to 3.5 million unauthorized accounts may have been opened.
Read: A Leading U.S. Regulator Wants to Loosen the Leash on Wells Fargo
Wells Fargo (wfc) is the only major bank in the U.S. to award bonuses to currency traders based solely on how much revenue they bring in, the Journal reports, a factor that may have incentivized overcharging customers. The bank said it has begun making changes to its compensation plan.
In addition to the internal audit that led to these revelations, Wells Fargo's foreign-exchange division is under investigation by federal law enforcement organizations including the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of California.
Genre: Adventure game
Nintendo Platform(s): Switch
ESRB with Descriptors: T for teen (Violence, Sexual Themes, Drug Reference, Language, Use of Alcohol and Tobacco)
If RP, please specify anticipated rating
Number of Players: 1
Release Date/Window: October 2017
Release Regions: NA, EU (Oct 2017)
Game Description
Oxenfree is a supernatural thriller about a group of friends who unwittingly open a ghostly rift. Play as Alex, a bright, rebellious teenager who brings their new stepbrother Jonas to an overnight party on an old military island. The night takes a terrifying turn when you unwittingly open a ghostly gate spawned from the island's cryptic past.
Features:
 An intelligent conversation system changes the story and your relationships based on every decision
 The unique radio mechanic allows Alex to communicate with mysterious spectres and manipulate their world
 Multiple mysteries to unravel, spanning decades and lifetimes
It's time to vote again in the dual effort to primary Barack Obama in 2012 and to form a broad, lasting coalition of progressives.
Our aim is to either take back or replace the establishment Democratic Party, and once again give a real, unapologetic, determined voice to progressives and our policies at the national level.
Three weeks ago, through IRV voting, we chose a list of ten potential candidates to oppose the president in the 2012 primaries.
Last week, commenters nominated names for this effort and topics for the platform on which we'll want our candidate to run. Now through Tuesday evening at 6 p.m. (Pacific) is your chance to consider and vote for your preferred names and platform topics.
How To Vote
As we did with the nominees, we will again use IRV (Instant Runoff Voting).
To vote, begin by copying/pasting the following in the comment box:
EFFORT NAMES
1.
2.
3.
PLATFORM TOPICS
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Then, from the two lists below, enter your three preferred names and your five preferred platform topics. VOTE ONLY ONCE, and please VOTE ONLY; do not include comments. Your cooperation is greatly appreciated. The format is designed to make tabulation as simple as possible, and comments must be deleted to ensure uniformity of the printed-out ballots, so please save us that trouble. The same is true of duplicate votes from the same commenter; they must be thrown out, another manual process we'd like to avoid.
The list of names is straightforward enough. The topic list is arranged a little differently, however.
Topics are grouped (as much as was possible) by category. Speaking purely for myself, the topic names leading off each category are the kind of succinct phrases I think we are looking for, for now. Policy specifics will be discussed and debated as we work on the text for each plank. That being said, if you feel any of the other phrases are better – or even if you want five phrases from the same category – that's your call. The main reason I've grouped things as I did is that, as I tried to arrange this list, it seemed the easiest way to consider the many topics nominated while also capturing the general sense of the beliefs that commenters expressed in each category. That's gotta make the next step, writing each plank's text, a little easier.
Thanks again to everyone who has stayed on board with and helped expand this effort by telling their friends. Please keep tweeting, facebooking, e-mailing, and texting about it. Please also click “recommend” so this diary remains easy to access for the next two days here at MyFDL.
Finally (and call me a tease), between now and Christmas, expect some news that will have a major – highly positive – impact on this effort.
EFFORT NAMES
<250K
250K And Unders
American Citizens Party
American Peoples Party
Commonwealth party
Federal Dollar Liberation Movement
Labor Party
Law and Order Party
Main Street Alliance
Main Street Party
Make-Work Protectionist Party
Most Of Us Party
New American Labor Party
New Deal Party
New Progressive Alliance
Party Alliance
Progressive Patriotic Alliance
Real Democratic Party
Red-Green Party
Rent Is Too Damn High Party
Rule of Law Party
Sticky Greens
Sustainable Democracy Party
Teapot Party
Workers Party
Working Families Alliance
PLATFORM TOPICS
Full Employment
Full Employment Guarantee
Living Wage
Lower Retirement Age
Peace
End the Wars Now
No Pre-Emptive Wars
Strong Defense
Civil Rights/Human Rights/Civil Liberties
Choice
Medicare for All
Citizen Empowerment
Electoral Reform
Equal Access to Education
Democratize All Institutions
Justice and Accountability
Labor Rights
Legalize Marijuana
Political Equality
Prosperity for All
Rule of Law
Environmental Stewardship
Bee Habitat
Energy Farming
A Real Social Safety Net
Economic Equality
Economic Sustainability
Federal Policy
Balanced Budget
End the Federal Debt
Bottom-Up Democracy
Campaign Finance Reform
Cut the Cost of Health Care in Half
End Torture
Presidential Powers
Progressive Taxation
Prosecute U.S. War Criminals
Sociable Urban Planning
Transparency
Commerce
Control Bankers' and Financiers' Greed
Corporate Regulation
Fair Trade
Financial Regulation
Hemp Reform
Exclude Corporations Who Export Jobs from the American Market
Manufacturing
Regulation of Constitutional Rights of Corporations
European centre-left leaders agreed to back right-winger Jean-Claude Juncker for president of the European Commission at a mini-summit in Paris, French President François Hollande, who hosted the meeting, announced on Saturday afternoon.
The row over Juncker's candidacy is set to dominate the two-day summit of all 28 European heads of state that starts on Thursday and split a mini-summit of the mainstream right held in Sweden this month.
Dossier: Eurozone in crisis
After some hesitation, German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared their support for the former Luxembourg prime minister but Britain's David Cameron, who believes Juncker wants to see a federal Europe, has vowed to fight their appointment “until the end”.
Saturday's mini-summit of Europe's nine social-democratic heads of state and prime ministers agreed to back Juncker reportedly in exchange for the presidency of the Council of Europe going to one of their own.
Likely candidates for that post are Jean-Marc Ayrault, whom Hollande recently replaced as prime minister with Manuel Valls, Denmark's Selle Thorning-Schmidt and former Italian premier Enrico Letta, who lost their job to Matteo Renzi who was present at the Paris meeting.
During May's European elections voters were told that they were choosing the commission president, on the grounds that they or they would be taken from the largest grouping in the European parliament.
Despite a rise in support for eurosceptic parties, that turned out to be the European People's Party, a grouping which includes Juncker's party.
Cameron's Conservative Party is part of the European Conservatives and Reformists group.
The Paris centre-left meeting was also discussed social and economic priorities for Europe.
The leaders agreed to use all possible leeway in the EU's Stability Pact to try to boost growth and employment, Hollande said.
But sources said that they intended to rein in Renzi, who has demanded a relaxation of the pact's demand that states limit their deficits to 3.0 per cent of GDP and their debt to 60 per cent.
About This Game
THE MOST ADVANCED SPACE COMBAT CAPITAL SHIP SIMULATOR. EVER. SERIOUSLY.
Universal Combat Special Edition (3000AD, Oct 2006)
Universal Combat A World Apart (3000AD, Oct 2005)
Universal Combat Gold (3000AD, Oct 2005)
Universal Combat (Dreamcatcher Interactive, Feb 2004)
Battlecruiser Millennium Gold (Dreamcatcher Interactive, March 2003)
Battlecruiser Millennium (EB Games Exclusive, Nov 2001)
Battlecruiser 3000AD v2.0 (Interplay, Dec 1998)
Battlecruiser 3000AD (Take2, Sept. 1996)
PRIMARY GAMEPLAY FEATURES
Command 28 capital ships including carriers, cruisers, transports.
Command 46 support crafts including fighters, shuttles and planetary vehicles.
Command a crew of over 100 personnel including key personnel such a Flight Officer, Navigation Officer etc.
Use fleet command & control to create a massive fleet consisting of your ships and other AI controlled ones.
Direct control of various ship systems including shields, reactor, engine, cloaking, tractor beam, transporters and various advanced weapon systems.
Track your ship's AI crew as they go about their on-board duties which include engaging hostile intruders, repairing ship systems, prepping support craft etc.
Lead your marines into battle on planets using various weapons of mass destruction.
Deploy an away team of (e.g. marines, engineers etc) in a shuttle, deploy them on various planetside missions; complete with advanced orders.
Deploy probes to keep track of friendly regions as well as spy on hostile ones.
Deploy mining drones on planets to mine for precious minerals which you can then sell for profit.
Dock at various space stations and planetary bases to trade, repair, rearm - and of course engage the hostile ones along the way.
Capture space stations for your alliance and use them as operational bases, including the ability to use their own fleet of support craft (cruisers, carriers, fighters etc)
Play the freeform scenario and roam a large persistent galaxy.
No shuttles? Don't want to risk being shot down? Use the transporter room to deploy your combat away team directly into hostile planets.
MULTIPLAYER
SUPPORT
In Feb 2015, as part of the Battlecruiser twenty-five-year anniversary celebration, a refresh of Universal Combat v2.0 was released for FREE for a limited time.Universal Combat which was first released in 2004, was the spiritual successor to the legendary Battlecruiser 3000AD series of games which made its debut in 1996. Then heralded as the most advanced capital ship space combat game, Battlecruiser 3000AD, the first title in the series, set the resulting standard for high-end capital ship combat games. You not only had control over a massive armed carrier in a vast universe with space and planetary bodies, you also had complete control over the carrier's systems (weapons, navigation etc), support crafts (fighters, shuttles, vehicles) as well as an entire crew that moved around the ship doing various things (e.g. engaging in combat with intruders).When Universal Combat arrived, aside from new graphics technologies, it brought along with it a host of new features which were not present in the previous Battlecruiser titles. Such features included advanced fps controls which allowed you to not only deploy your carrier crew to planets, control them in combat etc, but it also allowed you to fight alongside themIn 2007, Universal Combat Collectors Edition was released as the final title in the Battlecruiser and Universal Combat IPs.In 2009, following the 2008 release of Galactic Command Echo Squad SE which had improved space and planetary engines, we again refreshed the Universal Combat CE game with those improved engines, then later released it as Universal Combat Collector's Edition v2.0.This ultimate space capital ship combat compendium spans over two decades and represents the evolution of hard core space combat sims. It contains all Commander scenarios from every game in the Battlecruiser and Universal Combat series:Here is a sampling of the game features, out of hundreds of things that you can do in the game; most of which you can, must make up as you go along. And this list doesn't contain any mention of the advanced game engine technologies, especially one of the most advanced AI systems you've ever encountered in a game.There is no multiplayer in this version of the game.There are no more updates to the base game. The final version was v2.00.03 released on 05-28-2015. You can view the 2.0 changelog for more info. Due to the game being improved upon, future updates are only released via The Lyrius Conflict DLC which uses v3.x game engine kernel. You can view the 3.0 changelog for more info.
Last week Amazon staged a stealthy takeover of the smart home market at CES 2016 without even attending the show. Echo added Ford vehicles, Vivint security and automation systems, and Invoxia speakers to its voice-activated ecosystem, already rich with WeMo, Philips Hue, Samsung SmartThings, Wink, and Insteon devices. And because Vivint has a partnership with Google, Amazon's Alexa voice service can even control Nest products by proxy. The only big name that's missing from Echo's voice-enabled compatibility list is HomeKit — Apple's smart home platform.
HomeKit users can already use Siri in much the same way that Echo owners ask Alexa to turn off the lights and lock the doors. However, if Alexa can be thought of as a controller hub, then Siri is more akin to controller spokes. Small family homes typical of big cities can usually get away with a single, always-listening $180 Echo in the living room. Siri, on the other hand, requires a $700 iPhone for each family member. Sure, I guess you could stick an old iPhone in the living room to accept "Hey Siri" requests from family members, but the phone lacks the Echo's impressive 7-mic array and far-field voice recognition technology that allows the omni-directional speaker to hear voice commands from anywhere in the room, even while playing music. And if rumors pan out, we're about to see a smaller and cheaper Echo codenamed "Fox" that could put an Alexa speaker in every room of the house.
It wouldn't be too hard for Apple to outfox Amazon
It wouldn't be too hard for Apple to outfox Amazon with a Siri-based take on Echo. In fact, it's probably something Apple should do, even if you disagree with my premise that Echo is the ultimate controller for smart homes. Siri predates Alexa by more than three years, meaning Apple's had three additional years of data collection to hone Siri's capabilities. And Apple has a long history of making speakers, first with products like the ill-fated (great sound, too expensive) iPod Hi-Fi launched in 2006, and more recently with the Echo-sized and vastly improved Beats Pill+. Apple would benefit from having a smart speaker in its lineup this fall if the iPhone 7 really does ditch the headphone jack as rumored, and investors would surely like to see Apple grab a bigger slice of the wireless speaker pie set to be worth as much as $25 billion by 2020, according to some estimates. But the opportunity is bigger still as a controller for smart devices, with related consumer spending expected to grow from $416 billion in 2015 to $1.5 trillion by 2020, according to Gartner.
It's just a hunch, but really, what makes more sense: for Apple to leverage its Beats acquisition to build a Siri information box for the family living room that taps into HomeKit-enabled smart devices, controls the Apple TV, and plays Apple Music, or cede the market to Amazon, and later Google once it decides to flip the switch and convert its OnHub router into a smart home controller?
Someone wanted to set off a bomb at the Martin Luther King, Jr. Day parade in Spokane, Washington. Luckily the suspicious bag holding the bomb was spotted,which likelysaved lives. As the Washington Post reported today:
“The device appeared to be operational, it appeared to be deadly, and it was intended to inflict multiple casualties,” said Special Agent Frederick Gutt, a spokesperson for the FBI's Seattle field office. Law enforcement sources familiar with the device, which is being analyzed at the FBI lab in Quantico, Va., said it had a remote detonator and was positioned so that any blast would have been directed at the crowd of marchers.
Will Bunch at the Philadelphia Daily News wonders why the story hasn't received more media attention, particularly as a case of what would appear to be domestic terrorism. They write:
When it emerged that alleged gunman Jared Lee Loughner was an almost certainly mentally ill 22-year-old who seemed to follow some bizarre conspiracy theories but not the political rhetoric of Palin or the Tea Party, there was massive pushback from conservatives who accused the mainstream media of jumping to unfair conclusions. Most famously, Palin themselves emerged to call this a “blood libel.” The former GOP veep nominee was savaged for using that charged term, but you have to wonder now if the pushback from Palin is actually a case of “mission accomplished.” That's because with this new episode in Spokane, not only have the pillars of the mainstream media not raced to any conclusions, but they seem to be in a competition as to who can most ignore the story altogether. But there's no need to jump to unwarranted conclusions here; the actual facts have been laid out by the nation's preeminent law enforcement agency, the FBI — that we are dealing with a case of “domestic terrorism,” that the sophisticated device along the King Day parade route was capable of causing mass casualties, and the target was American citizens celebrating an icon of the progressive movement, Dr. King. Maybe the implications are just a little too frightening for the mainstream media to want to deal with.
There's a fairly well-documented history of media playing down domestic terror threats that don't involve Arab or Muslim conspirators. Those that do are treated differently; there are plenty of cases where law enforcement stepped in long before such plans were operational– and yet much of the media coverage would still refer to them as a form of terrorism. The attempted Times Square bombing might be the closest analogy, and that received widespread media coverage, much of which called it an attempted terrorist attack.
In this case, it doesn't seem like the media want to call it terrorism– or even news, for that matter. NBC Nightly News did a segment on the bomb plot yesterday, but anchor Brian Williamssaid thisat the end of the report:
All right, Pete Williams on what could have been a major news story out in Spokane. Pete, thanks.
Could have been?
It's past midnight on the set of Fantastic Beasts. It's winter. Better jump inside a famous person's trailer for some warmth...
Obviously there are night-time scenes in every movie. But have you ever thought about what it's like to shoot them?
Neither had I. That is, until I was asked to be on set till 2am.
During the months it takes to film a film, there are ominous stretches of time known as ‘night shoots'. It is what it sounds like; shooting at night time. On Fantastic Beasts, that meant the call time was 4pm and filming for the ‘day' wrapped at 2am.
Actors went nocturnal, make-up artists brought out whatever makes someone look good in twilight and director David Yates switched their flat cap for a beanie because it gets cold at night.
This is when the noble trailer becomes especially important. An actor's trailer is their or their sanctuary between scenes. It's a place to eat chickpea curry with cauliflower, rice and spinach, nap on a trailer-size bed, call your family, check Twitter for news of the outside world, conduct private actor rituals or spend precious quiet time in a dressing gown and Ugg boots.
In a moment, I will take you inside one of those trailers. But first, a Wonder down the aisle of trailers on this set. It's quite a sight, you see: white van-homes of varying sizes, parked in two long rows in the mud, approximately 90 metres' walk from the New York streets of Fantastic Beasts.
There's a number printed on a piece of laminated paper that hangs from the front of some trailers. Eddie Redmayne eats, naps and slips into something more comfortable in Trailer 1. Katherine Waterston is in Trailer 2, and so forth.
As you stroll along, chilled to the bone in a full parka and durable wet-weather shoes, you might see Ezra Miller sitting in the doorway of their trailer, holding a cup of piping-hot tea in a polystyrene cup. There's a thick wisp of smoke dancing out the window of one trailer and the smell of hot chocolate from another. It's a quiet, almost eerie place in the early hours of the morning, with the vague feeling of an abandoned amusement park.
Inside each trailer, someone famous is deep in idiosyncrasy. Some people stay in costume, even character; others shed their artifice for some genuine downtime. To go inside one of these trailers, you jump three perilously narrow steps and slip through a slim metal door frame. There's a little kitchenette to the left as soon as you enter, a small outcrop of table to the right, an armchair in the centre and a sofa against the back window.
The floor is usually strewn with scripts, clothes and other personal paraphernalia. A glimpse from the right angle shows you a small all-white bathroom that leads to a modest bedroom.
The overhead light is neon-bright and garish, but there's something homely about these little spaces; something beautiful in the absence of glamour. There's something intoxicating about how normal they are, in spite of the talent that sleeps there.
You could settle right on in… but there's a knock at the door and it's time to get back to work. The cameras await; this film ain't going to film itself.
By Staff
Saudi Arabia's feared religious police entered a public park in the Gulf Kingdom and told women to stop using swings, an act that drew applause and criticism by viewers of a picture showing the men warning some women at the swings.
The picture went viral on social networks in Saudi Arabia before it was published by newspapers showing two men from the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice warning women against using the swings.
“Some viewers of the picture supported the move by the Commission members on the grounds women using the swing could encourage men to harass or molest them,” the Saudi Arabic language daily ‘ Al Sada' said.
“Others said they believe the act is not acceptable as it amounted to an unjustified interference and repression of women by the Commission.”
Restaurant shut over gender-mixing
Saudi Arabia's influential religious police shut a restaurant in the conservative Gulf kingdom for massive violations including allowing gender-mixing.
Members of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice, backed by other police men and municipality inspectors, raided the restaurant in the western Red Sea port of Jeddah and ordered it shut indefinitely.
“Sources said they shut the restaurant after it was found to be violating local laws, including allowing mixing between men and women, operating obscene TV channels and serving shisha in closed places,” Sabq daily said.
Gender-mixing is strictly banned in schools, universities and most other places in the oil-rich kingdom.
NEW DELHI: Textile and apparel major Raymond today said it has launched its branded Khadi label -- Khadi by Raymond -- under a partnership with KVIC and will promote the fabric globallyThe Khadi & Village Industries Commission (KVIC) has permitted Raymond to promote sale and marketing of Khadi or Khadi products of village industries or handicrafts and forge links with established marketing agencies through the PPP mode, the company said in a statement.Under the partnership, Raymond has guaranteed a minimum procurement of Khadi and Khadi products for a period of five years with primary purchases of muslin cotton , wool blends and silk.The company said the new label will be available at KVIC outlets, besides its over 350 'The Raymond Shops' across India and leading e-commerce portals beginning August 2017.Commenting on the development, Raymond Chairman and Managing Director Gautam Hari Singhania said: "Embodying some of the latest design trends and enhancing its quality Raymond Khadi is set to reposition Khadi as a fabric of choice."As a part of the initiative, Raymond will procure all India Khadi varieties and will send it to manufacturing plants for the final finishing process.The company will also bring in the design interventions at Khadi manufacturing clusters across the country along with technical expertise.
Image copyright LSTM Image caption Cattle were injected with a drug to kill the parasite
Researchers from Edinburgh University have claimed thousands of lives may have been saved in Africa by a new initiative to combat sleeping sickness.
The disease, caused by a parasite that attacks the nervous system, is fatal if it is not treated.
Scientists said the number of acute cases in rural Uganda fell by 90% after they injected cattle with a drug that kills a parasite.
The disease is transmitted from cattle to humans by the tsetse fly.
Professor Sue Welburn, the university's vice-principal global access, led the research.
They told BBC Radio's Good Morning Scotland programme that sleeping sickness was a parasitic disease like malaria.
Image copyright MARTIN DOHRN/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY Image caption Sleeping sickness is caused by a bite from a tsetse fly which transmits a Trypanosoma parasite
Prof Welburn said: "It is transmitted by tsetse flies and they inoculate these parasites into your blood where they multiply and then these parasites move from your blood to your central nervous system where they cause profound problems and really quite extraordinary symptoms.
"It is absolutely fatal if it is not treated."
They said that domestic cattle had become the main "reservoir of infection" in Uganda.
The cattle do not get sick from the parasite so they can be infected for a long time.
Extremely complex
Prof Welburn said: "It is just a matter of chance that that animal gets bitten by a tsetse fly and that fly bites a human and infects them."
Researchers tested a new approach to sleeping sickness control by targeting 500,000 cows for treatment.
They eliminated the trypanosome parasite that carries the disease by giving livestock a single injection of trypanocide and by carrying out regular insecticide spraying to prevent re-infection.
Prof Welburn said the treatment for humans was extremely complex and expensive but the drug for cattle was "really cheap".
The University of Edinburgh researchers aim to extend the project to all districts of Uganda affected by the condition - treating about 2.7 million head of cattle.
By now, it's well known that opioids are addictive and potentially deadly.
But why is that?
John Williams, a senior scientist at the Vollum Institute, a research center at Oregon Health & Science University, has been studying this issue for about four decades. When they started, no one knew that opioids effected neurons or nerve cells in the brain. Then they looked into what happens to the brain, discovering that opioids rewire the brain.
So, we asked them about that. The interview has been edited for conciseness and clarity.
Q. How do opioids work?
Pain causes an increase in activity in some circuits in the brain and opioids inhibit those circuits. They decrease the activity of neurons in the brain and periphery. They do that by acting on receptors – the sensors that are on the membrane of neurons. Once the opioid binds to that sensor, it causes an inhibition of activity. Brain cells rely on electrical activity to communicate between each other and opioids decrease that electrical activity.
Q. Why do they lose their effectiveness?
A. That's a question that we've been working on for 30 years. We're discovering at least the super basics. Once an opioid binds to the sensor that we call receptors, the receptor becomes less sensitive over time. That has to do with the biochemical change in the receptor itself. Initial effects happen very rapidly – within five or 10 minutes. Then there's much more prolonged things that happen over days or weeks.
Q. Anything else happen?
A. The other thing that happens (is that) the body recovers from this inhibition. There's a change in other cells that don't have the opioid receptors that say, "OK, everything is quiet here, we're going to increase our activity." There's a change in other circuits in the brain that increase their activity.
Q. What other effect do they have on the brain?
A. There are a lot of different circuits that are affected. The pain circuit is one. Opioids (also) inhibit respiration. The problem with that is the respiratory system doesn't adapt in the same way as the pain pathway system. It adapts very slowly. So there's not much tolerance.
Q. Are there emotional effects?
A. Opioids have very strong effect on emotional aspects of pain. People will say, "Yeah, I feel the pain but it doesn't bother me." That's the emotional side of the effects of opioids. A lot of that has to do with the reward system, the system that tells people that things are going well.
Q. Then we have addiction?
A. That's the big problem. Opioids have this big effect on the reward system so people look more and more for this rewarding aspect of opioids. You become tolerant to that.
People have to take more opioids to feel the same sort of pleasure they once felt. That results in respiratory depression.
That's why we see so many deaths.
Q. So, they rewire the brain?
A. Yes. The junction between different cells, different neurons can become more or less effective with chronic treatment with opioids. Some connections are very much strengthened. Those might be the ones that are involved in the reward pathway. Other connections are weakened. Even cells that don't have the opioid receptors are affected because a neuron that has the opioid receptor has changed so much that there's an adaptive process in the non-opioid sensitive cells.
Q. What is the effect of that?
A. Overall, if people don't get the opioids they'll crave the opioids. That's one of the hallmarks of addiction. You're always looking for the drug.
Q. These changes in the brain – are they permanent?
A. They're very, very long lasting in some people. Some people have a propensity to become addictive and those changes can be very long lasting.
Q. How long?
A. Years. It applies to all drugs of abuse. You might know people who haven't been able to quit smoking. Drinking. All drugs of abuse change the brain.
Q. What happens when they stop?
A. When you remove the opioids very quickly, the cells that adapted to having the inhibitory effects now are super excitable. You get this rebound effect. That's called withdrawal. People feel terrible. They'll have diarrhea. There are all sorts of complications when you remove the opioid very quickly.
Q. How long does that last?
It's something that people recovery from in days or weeks.
But then there is this long-lasting chronic effect where people will crave the drug. They'll want to get back on the drug because it made them feel good.
Q. Are there differences among opioids?
A. Yes. Mostly it has to do with the strength of the opioid and the way that they get into the brain and out of the brain. Heroin is a lipid soluble compound that goes into the brain rapidly and there it's metabolized to morphine. That gives people a big rush. That's why it's so addictive. Drugs like buprenorphine – that's one of the drugs that's used to help opioid addicts out – it's not very potent and it sticks around for a while. People can function on buprenorphine and basically have a normal life.
Q. Why use opioids to treat opioid addiction?
A. Methadone and buprenorphine are both used because they stay in the body for a long, long time. You can function normally as long as you stick with the program.
Q. Do they relieve the pain?
A. No. This is really more for the addictive side of things.
Q. Are some opioids better than others?
A. They all have the same problem. Drug companies have spent decades developing opioids that will treat pain that don't have this addiction liability. One of the first drugs in England was heroin. Heroin was supposed to treat addiction. Look at how that turned out.
Q. Do you see another avenue for treating pain?
A. I don't study pain. But everyone who's given opioids for pain will require more and more opioids for the treatment of the pain. A certain percentage of people who are given opioids for pain will develop this addiction to it.
Q. Why do some people get addicted and not others?
A. In large part, it's genetic. These people are normal in every other way but there is a trigger that opioids and other drugs of abuse (cause) to take off. It's not just one gene but many, many genes.
-- Lynne Terry
Two days after seeding iOS 9 beta 3 and OS X 10.11.4 beta 3 to developers, Apple has made the updates available to public testers. Folks who are registered in the company's Beta Software Program can now install the new firmware on their various devices.
As usual, the new iOS 9.3 beta is available over-the-air via the Settings app to those already running 9.3, and the new El Capitan 10.11.4 beta can be found in the Updates tab of the Mac App Store. You just need to make sure your Mac or device is enrolled.
Apple has added a number of new features in iOS 9.3, including a new night-time reading mode called Night Shift, password protection for the Notes app, and much more. Beta 3 doesn't build on that much, outside of the addition of Verizon Wi-Fi Calling.
As for OS X 10.11.4, most of its changes are under-the-hood. The update does include support for Live Photos and Notes passwords, but other than that there aren't many user-facing additions—although beta 3 does fix a high-profile issue with Twitter links.
Apple is expected to release the two updates to the general public sometime next month.
The core idea is that relic weapons are very difficult to interact with if you run lots of removal to kill units. Burn spells are very flexible because they can contribute to the relic weapon gameplan (by protecting the relic weapon). Burn spells can also be directed at the opponent's face to win games.
Compared to traditional armory, I don't think that Armorsmith or Rakano Artisan are very good. Instead, I run cards to deal with aggro matchups (Auric Sentry and Assembly Line).
For whatever it's worth, I went from #10 to #3 on the ladder with this. The strength of this deck is highly dependent on the metagame. It is very strong against Rakano, monojustice splashing shadow, many control Decks, and Armory. It is a little soft to Bandit Queen and Combrei variants.
This deck is somewhat similar to ones piloted by dudewitbangs (deck tech) and weiseguy (no deck tech).
How this deck wins
Plan A is to repeatedly attack with a relic weapon and to use removal to protect it. Who needs armor when you can just kill the opponent's units?
Sword of Icaria is ideal as the warcry triggers provide value later on. Most control decks run very few answers to relic weapons. While some control decks run Decay or Lightning Strike, this deck packs more relic weapons than the control deck has answers.
Alongside plan A, this deck also runs some units. They too can damage the opponent. Valkyrie Enforcer is particularly good against decks that are weak against flyers (e.g. stonescar midrange/weapons, feln midrange/control). Sometimes a 3/3 flyer will do a lot of work.
Plan B is to finish off the opponent with burn spells.
Plan C is to use Rise to the Challenge to tutor up Icaria or Starsteel Daisho. Starsteel Daisho is good for cheese-ing opponents for 12-24 damage. Icaria is a slower clock that is somewhat more resilient. However, because this deck doesn't run a lot of good creatures, opponents will often have removal for Icaria. Icaria also can't get past Sandstorm Titan.
The answer game
This deck can be pretty devastating against decks that try to abuse aegis and powerful equipment. Because relic weapons ignore aegis, this deck is good at killing aegis units before the opponent can put powerful equipment on it that would make that unit safe against relic weapons. The aegis player will have equipment stranded in their hand, unable to develop a board presence. If they do manage to land a very big aegis unit, this deck has plenty of spells to strip aegis. A big reason why this deck is good is because it preys on aegis decks like monojustice variants and Rakano.
This deck also preys on traditional Armory, although that deck is not very strong and sees little play at the highest ranks of the ladder. Obliterate, Assembly Line, and Auric Sentry are all strong in the Armory matchups.
Understanding this deck
I must admit that the deck doesn't look like it has a lot of synergy. And the card composition looks really weird. Oni Ronin is normally played in aggro decks, yet it sees a home alongside Harsh Rule (a “control” card) and Icaria, The Liberator (a control finisher). So here's the explanation: the 1 drops in this deck are largely to counter aggro. In non-aggro matchups, they contribute some damage and warcry triggers against opponents. They do work in every matchup. Because they are cheap, they will often get in some damage before the opponent kills them. They also serve to confuse opponents since this deck can look a lot like Rakano aggro… potentially luring the opponent into overextending into a Harsh Rule. Rolant's Favor, Assembly Line, and Auric Sentry are the only early-game differences that can tip an opponent off (but heck… I would run Auric Sentry in Rakano aggro).
The Rise to the Challenge toolbox and finishers exist because the deck packs so much removal that the game goes long.
I'm not a huge fan of Rise to the Challenge right now. The card is a little slow and durdle-ey. At the moment, we don't have a good target to deal with Combrei and Sandstorm Titan. Because the Combrei matchup isn't good, I would recommend tutoring for Starsteel Daisho and attempting a quick cheese kill.
Mulligan
Keep hands that are good against aggro. Depending on how much aggro there is in the metagame, you may want to mulligan more aggressively to beat aggro.
Piloting
It is usually ok if your relic weapon dies, or if you have to do a 1-for-2 on a problem unit like Combrei Healer or Sandstorm Titan. Because most games go long, you will likely draw another relic weapon or threat.
Pay attention to the burn plan and diligently calculate how many points of burn that you have in your hand. Sometimes you want to speculatively burn the opponent in the hopes that you will draw lethal burn, since your other lines of play may not be as good.
Decklist
2 Flame Blast (Set1 #2)
4 Inspire (Set1 #129)
3 Oni Ronin (Set1 #13)
1 Pyroknight (Set1 #16)
4 Torch (Set1 #8)
1 Champion of Glory (Set1 #314)
3 Rolant's Favor (Set0 #18)
4 Vanquish (Set1 #143)
2 Assembly Line (Set1 #29)
2 Auric Sentry (Set1 #146)
4 Swords of Icaria (Set1 #315)
4 Valkyrie Enforcer (Set1 #151)
2 Auric Runehammer (Set1 #166)
3 Rise to the Challenge (Set1 #320)
4 Harsh Rule (Set1 #172)
4 Obliterate (Set1 #48)
1 Starsteel Daisho (Set1 #328)
2 Icaria, the Liberator (Set1 #329)
10 Fire Sigil (Set1 #1)
7 Justice Sigil (Set1 #126)
4 Rakano Banner (Set1 #427)
4 Seats of Glory (Set0 #56)
Card discussion
Flame Blast: The worst burn spell in this deck. Obliterate is amazing against Armory because it often takes down a unit and a relic weapon at the same time.
Assembly Line: This is a fine answer against aggro. Originally, I wanted to go deep on Assembly Line so that warcry triggers would stack onto relic weapons rather than units. In theory, Assembly Line has some synergies with Steelfang Chakram. Rising for a 6-attack equipment (that will repeatedly come back) turns every token into a must-answer threat. However, 8-silence Combrei is a thing so this may not be a great idea. As well, lightning storm is devastating against multiple Assembly Lines.
Pyroknight: Because this deck runs so few creatures, it is likely that an opponent will have removal for Pyroknight. Cutting it for Oni Ronin may be fine.
Champion of Glory: Decks that rely on Permafrost actually have a very difficult time with Champion. Clockroaches and to a lesser degree Elysian are such decks. This unit may be a good Rise tutor target in those matchups.
Vanquish: Run 2-4 of these. If there is less Combrei and Xenan around, then dropping the count should be ok.
Auric Sentry: It's not great to have more than 2 of these in a single game. However, do run more if there is a lot of Bandit Queen or Rakano aggro running around.
Auric Runehammer: This is not good in multiples. Feln Control decks can often kill this relic weapon very easily with Vara's Favor, Lightning Strike, or Black Sky Harbinger. It also dies to Argenport Instigator and Umbren Reaper.
Auric Runehammer is a fine rise target in the Rakano matchup. In Combrei, you can tutor for this to deal with a Sandstorm Titan that is on the board.
Harsh Rule: 3 or 4-of.
Obliterate: Probably a 4-of. In a pinch, it deals with problem creatures. It is amazing against armory. It is not very good against aggro. Against control, you want a few of these to put on a fast clock. Control decks have a better lategame than this deck so you want to burn them out before they can really get going with things like The Last Word, Sword of the Sky King, and Combrei units (e.g. Mystic Ascendant, Siraf, etc.).
Starsteel Daisho: Rise for this in unfavored matchups (e.g. Combrei and occasionally Xenan) to try to cheese an opponent.
Rolant's Favor: Some portion of the time, you want to save this until after you've played a relic weapon. The extra armor can help the relic weapon take down another creature before running out of armor.
Kaleb's Favor: Some number of these may be fine.
Icaria, the Liberator: 1 or 2-of.
Lavablood Goliath: At 9 power, it seems too slow to be useful. Icaria is probably better (even though they won't always work against Combrei).
Marshal Ironthorn: Maybe there is a burn-heavy build (with 4X Flame Blast) where Ironthorn might be good, but I doubt it.
Plated Demolisher: I haven't tried this.
Sword of the Sky King: This is a fine finisher against control and Combrei if you can hit 8 power. Strongly consider substituting 1 in.
Rolant, the Iron Fist: May actually be good against Combrei?!?! (One of this deck's weaknesses is that it doesn't have a great answer for Combrei.)
Kaleb, Uncrowned Prince: Might be ok against Combrei??
General Izalio: Might be ok against Combrei?? Some synergy with Assembly Line.
Navani, Warsinger: Will die to removal.  They are a trap in this deck.
Rakano Artisan, Sentry Gate, Armorsmith: They are ok if you need to make budget substitutions.
Stonescar Maul: I haven't really tried this. As a 1-of, it might be a good tutor target since the overwhelm ability can burn opponents out.
Worldpyre Phoenix: Not good when Combrei is running 8 silences and other decks run void hate like Statuary Maiden and Steward of the Past.
Seek Power: Subbing in 1 or 2 may be fine. Don't run Diplomatic Seal because it won't help you hit 3 fire influence.
Links
Dudewitbangs' original Rakano armory brew
Note: I made this deck after seeing dudewitbangs and weiseguy's decks. Weiseguy's deck runs Kaleb's Favors.
Rakano Melting Pot – an earlier deck tech / deck list
Advertisements
